5 I lived right next to Sears Auto in Glendale and found that not only was their service good but their prices beat everyone out. So since I just moved to Scottsdale and  my AC is on the verge of going out and I decided to check Yelp for finding a new "go to" for my Automotive needs. The one I decided on was Kelly Clark Automotive. I told them my AC situation and they said it would be a min of $60 just to check it out. Well called Sears (at the location Im reviewing) and they said it would be free to "eyeball it". I drove in this morning and they did a full diagnostic, discovered 2 O rings were leaking and it needed a charge. The discovery was FREE as promised. I dont know about you but that beats paying  a minimum of $60 any day!! I remain loyal to Sears Auto!
1 Have been taking cars to Sears in the Paradise Valley mall area for over 20 years when we need a battery installed.  One of our cars needed a battery, so over to Sears we went.  It's been a couple of years since we've been there and the service in the past 20 years has always been great....up until now!  Wow!  What a mess!  We dropped off  our daughter's car with the agreement we would pick it up in a couple of hours.  While my husband drove the car over he noticed it needed a couple of front tires badly so when we got home, I told him to give them a call to see if they could slap on a couple of tires.  "Pete" assured us that he'd call us back "in a couple of minutes" to give us a quote for tires.  45 minutes later, still no call back so hubby calls and is told that "Chris" is working on it and will call us right back.  Waited another 30 minutes (One would assume they would WANT the extra business of a tire sale?) still no call - so we drove back down.  Pete - who was obviously a manager - said that Chris was suppose to do it and proceeded to give his obviously overworked employee hell right in front of us (very tacky).    We got the tires figured out and they said we could come back in 2 hours to get the car.  When we went back we stood at the desk for 15 minutes waiting for someone to even notice us.  Several employees walked right past the desk with their head down doing their best not to notice us include Pete who decided chatting with his friends about the new Fry's on Shea street was more important than helping customers.  At the end of 15 minutes there were now 5 more people in line - all of us hearing from Pete how good the bread selection was at Fry's.  Finally, when I was just about to interrupt his personal conversation, Chris came out to help us.  This was an incredibly disappointing service call after so many years of good service.  Unfortunately, we won't be back - lots of other places who would appreciate our business.
4 Well, had another car that needed a battery and after getting a call from, Dave, the manager apologizing for the mess up on the last visit, I told him that the next time we need a battery we'd give Sears another try....glad we did.  They're back to giving the same superior service that we've had from them the past 20 years.  Very courteous and fast check-in, battery install was done when promised and fast check-out.  Two thumbs up to Dave for getting this place back on track again.
5 I have tried many auto repair places in my my years of car ownership. Sears is the one place I found that always is fair, honest, and does the work as expected. I'm writing this review based on my latest experience. Saturday my sons car was making a terrible noise. My effort to fix it did not go well. Off to sears Saturday afternoon. They told me it needed an alternator but the normal parts suppliers were closed Sunday, though Sears auto repair was open. Shoot! We needed this fixed asap. When asked if we could find and bring in the part they said sure. How awesome is that. The car was done Sunday at noon for a very reasonable price. No hassle and a great price.
2 To be fair, these guys ARE good at quite a few things. Pros: They called around all day looking for a part for my old vehicle I had at the time and were very courteous about everything. They did knock a good deal off the price for the services and labor for one of my visits. Cons: They are understaffed it seems, as a previous reviewer mentioned, and it definitely takes longer than they estimate for service...usually MUCH longer. I also went through a huge ordeal to get my power steering fixed, where they insisted they had to charge me to "test" adding more steering fluid and letting it run through the system entirely, when it was obvious where the leak was coming from and they could have just fixed it without doing that and charging me $40 for it. So I leave, the power steering is working great, smooth as all get-out...until about two weeks later. I paid to have it COMPLETELY FIXED and yet it's leaking all over the place again. The worst part is, I went in just to get my battery cables replaced, which they charged me for, then I opened the hood and realized they hadn't even done that, just the other $250 in work that I had racked up from bringing it in for a $10 cable change.
4 One of the best places to go for minor repairs and maintenance like an oil change and A/C. However, their staffing is really sporadic - as in, 6 cars ahead of mine and only 1 mechanic one day, and then only 2 cars ahead of mine and 10 mechanics the next day, that sort of thing. So unpredictable, in fact, that you really should call before going. It is possible to get repairs done here same day if you bring in the vehicle on your way home from work after 4:30pm (they close at 7:00pm) but not as common as it should be.
4 This place was great! I went in there to get my Drive Time oil change (warranty), and I was in and out in a half an hour! Restored my faith in Sears Auto.
1 Worst customer service i have ever received. I stood at the counter for over 5 minutes before any acknowledged me and when they did they were not helpful at all!
1 Horrible customer service.  I went there on 08/31/2013 just to have a battery cable replaced and my brakes looked at.  Turned out I needed a major brake job.  I was not able to pay to get it all done as I could not afford to pay the entire amount so I asked that they just do the rear drums (as that was the more critical fix needed).  The service took WAY TOO LONG and I was majorly misquoted on price.  I was there when they opened at 8am and did not leave until 2PM!!!  I waited there 6 hours!  And not once did anyone approach me to keep me informed as to how long this was going to take or what was being done.  Only when I approached one of the reps behind the cash register did he go and check with the mechanic.  And even then he under-promised.  He told he it'll be done in under an hour.  Over 2 hours later they were done, with no one approaching me on the delay.  I eventually had words with the manager who simply helped me at the register, and by that I mean he took my credit card and charged me for the service.  There was no discount, there was no apology for making me wait 6 hours, there was no apology for not even keeping me up to date on what there were doing, nothing.  So I just paid my bill and vowed to NEVER GO THERE AGAIN.   To add insult to injury, a few days later, I noticed that the top of my trunk had scratches all over it.  I did notice as I watched the mechanic work on my car that he had put his toolbox on my trunk.  I just assumed he put something under it to prevent scratching, or at least have the common sense to lift it off my trunk to prevent scratches.  Well I was wrong, this monkey scratched the hell out of my trunk and now I have to deal with that! This place it terrible.  Poor customer service, they don't care if they have to make you wait, there is no communication, and the manager is uncaring.  Take your business elsewhere!   I'm ashamed to even give this place a 1 star rating.
4 We took my wife's car here for an oil change this past Monday. We were quickly greeted by the man working the counter, and he took down all the information that was needed for the oil change.   He made sure we didn't need any other services and then took the keys.  We were given an estimated 45 minute wait period, so during that time we went wandering around the mall. We came back 45 minutes later and as we were walking up they were pulling our car around.   They were done at exactly the time that was promised. All the staff we interacted with while we were there were friendly. It's not the cheapest oil change in town, but they do have some of the better service I've experienced.    To help you find it, don't look for it next to the Sears. It's in its own separate building out by the road.
1 Awful service. Called in to ask how much an oil change was and was told $21. Get there and am told that I have to use synthetic oil which will be $5-10 more.. Well luckily I asked the total because it turned out to be $58... That's a lot more than 5-10 more, so I asked and he said the lowest he could go was $44... That's still way more, so I left. False advertising.
4 I don't understand all the bad reviews on Sears Auto Center. I've never had a bad experience.   Today in particular I was impressed and pleased. I stopped in around 4:00 for an oil change. They lifted my car up and saw my alignment was totally out of wack (I had a feeling by the way it was driving).  They showed me the papers and proof and also suggested a coolant flush and brake job. At first I was thinking what everyone was thinking.. Up selling.   They told me they would take the tires off and do the brake inspection for free (usually $15) and ended up coming back saying they were fine and I didn't need them done. I really appreciated the honesty!   All in all they did the brake inspection for free and also the tire rotation for free. They discounted the coolant flush and alignment and did it all for WAY under what I expected. Everyone was super friendly and helpful.   I would give them 5 stars but they seemed a little understaffed and slow. The waiting area was really dirty which I spent a couple hours in. But if you have a long wait they are right across the street from PV mall, you can walk to shop or see a movie!   All in all Sears Auto Center will continue to get my business and I would recommend them to any of my friends or family.
5 Have been defaulting to Sears Automotive for their DieHard batteries like today when I visited the PV Mall location where Troy offered excellent automotive knowledge and Customer Service!  Although us customers can tend to be impatient and frustrated when we arrive, told Troy and team to keep up their wonderful service that makes our day go better and a Big Thanks from all of us!
