4 A nice new store. There are many in the north of the valley, this one is the nicest. Out of the way so never busy. All the great little shops inside and even a Starbucks.
4 Nice, clean store. Good place for cheap cd's, latest out every Tuesday, most $9.99.
4 This is a great store.  Nice, clean and well laid out.  It's also never busy... as far as I've seen. The associates are also helpful although there are some times when I find trouble locating them.  They have a Starbucks inside as well.
5 Love this place!!!! Come here weekly just to look around. Clean and organized well. New items go on sale quickly so don't pay full price wait a few weeks.
4 Favorite store ever!! Awesome clearance sections, and they always have a dollar section that has random yet useful knick knacks. Customer service is a little crappy though, every time I'm checking out, the person is very quiet and rude. The Starbucks inside is awesome, but I went one time and this guy working there was so rude! I was trying to figure out the name of a drink and he stood there rolling his eyes and sighing! I was like, nevermind and I just got something else. Even the lady behind me asked him if he's having a bad day and he said, "I wasn't supposed to work today so I'm pissed" wow
4 Clean and organized. Friendly cashiers. Attentive staff. I enjoy their candy clearance sections after holidays :) Another big PLUS is that its literally 5 minutes away from my house so whenever I'm bored with absolutely nothing to do, I like to come here and other stores nearby. I especially love their dollar bins when you first walk in. Who needs a dollar store when there's target! ;)
4 It was Diane's birthday, and I needed to get two supplemental presents and some gift wrap pronto before she returned home from a local poker tournament.  So, I went to the local Target, and it did not disappoint.  It was midday on a Wednesday when I entered the immaculate store, and, except for store personnel scattered about and very few other customers, it was much like a ghost town: quiet and nearly devoid of people.  The store is vast, and it took me awhile to find books and puzzles in the back.  I quickly grabbed a suitable one of each, and then asked an employee where I could find gift wrapping.  She directed me opposite the front registers, where I promptly wheeled my cart--and found nothing resembling wrapping papers.  Upon asking another roving employee, he looked perplexed and referred my inquiry to an adjoining cashier, who said that the store did not do gift wrapping.  I replied that I knew that, and was prepared to do it myself.  But I had to find the wrapping.  "Oh!" he exclaimed, and referred me to the "wall of cards."  I did not find a wall, but just 15 yards away I saw a rack of greeting cards, and behind that rack I spied another long rack of gift wrapping papers and gift bags for sale.  I selected one of each, and returned to the register of the man who pointed me there.  To my surprise, just about every article in the cart recorded a lower price than I expected to pay, and by using a Target Stores credit card, every purchased item was reduced another 5%.    My needs were met; it was a good shopping trip; and I quickly headed home--only to arrive one car length behind the birthday girl.  So I had to join and wrap the new purchases with her main present in the seclusion of the garage, and then store them in a car while she was inside the house.  Diane finally got to see the gifts a few hours later in the midst of March Madness, in a Chart House booth at the Golden Nugget, her choice of restaurant for the evening.  She liked at least two of her gifts (she thought the sniper book was more suitable for me--imagine that!); our meals were delicious; and as an unexpected bonus we enjoyed some live entertainment along Fremont Street and the Fremont Experience before calling it a night.  All was well, in large part thanks to Target Stores in North Las Vegas.
3 A-OK.  Standard Target experience to be found here with a couple exceptions.  First is that it's a pain to get around to as it's stuck in the back corner of the complex.  Not something I usually notice either, so yeah, it's that odd.  Second, as far as Targets go, the selection here is above average, which almost makes up for the dozen turns required to get in.
4 This Target is a tiny bit cheaper then the other Targets I go too. They also seem to have other things that the others don't have. But the don't stock up on the sale items sometimes.
4 This is just your average Target.  However, what stood out for me was the fact that it wasn't as crowded on a weekday evening as most Targets, it was a clean store, & there wasn't too much staff available.  Would recommend this Target if you need ANYTHING.
4 A Target is a Target is a Target... except this one because it's quiet!  My Target of choice since it is large (a Greatlands like most in town), newish, clean, and has no crowds.  There is a good grocery selection (shelf-stable and frozen) and you can get through the pharmacy quickly.  If you are looking for the latest celebrity designer line for Target, your best bet is to find it here.  There's a Starbucks if you're interested.  Located in the same lot as many other "big box" stores and easy access from the 215.
5 Very clean and well stocked store. Again, over the top service. We were greeted throughout the store, and offered service several times by cheerful employees. Keep up the great service.
4 Super close to my house and I love using my Target red Card!!!
4 Clean store, good selection, decent prices, helpful staff.  Not sure what else to say in a review of a Target lol.  It's a quiet store, but that means there are people around to help you find things.  Just expect a target, and you will not be surprised!
5 Of all the targets I've been to in my life this one rates at the very top.  The store is very clean and things are easy to find.  The staff are always greeting you and asking if you need any help.  At times it's almost a bit overkill because they are so on top of it.  I can't imagine going to another target.
1 It was a nightmare dealing with the staff!!! It took a week to get my refund for a return that I did. I had too go talk to the store manager and he gave me the guest relations number. Pretty disappointed with this experience specially when there are so many other department stores
5 My favorite Target!  This location is always clean & the employees are friendly. Love that they have a Starbucks inside too. So I can shop & have coffee at the same time! I buy a majority of my son's clothes here because they have good deals on infant/toddler clothes but they are still play quality & not cheap compared to clothes from Walmart. Plus the clothes for little boys here are super cute!  The aisles are always neat & fully stocked & if I cannot find something an employee is always willing you help!  Up& up brand is one of my favorites! They're diapers & baby wipes are comparable to Pampers & much cheaper.   My only complaint is that this location doesn't sell NYX make-up products :( the store on Losee/215 does
5 I had a wonderful experience in this store today. I overheard a supervisor asking an employee to speak with him. He was very polite to his fellow employee calling him sir and was very respectful. He told the employee Kenny that he valued his work and appreciated his positive influence that he had whenever he was at work. He told the employee that he understood that it was a very long bike ride that he took to work each day and so he had taken the liberty to have his bike seat replaced so he would be more comfortable. He again thanked him for doing a great job and they both went back to work. I was asked multiple times while in the housing goods department, if I need help finding anything. I overheard Kenny telling another employee how excited he was to have his seat replaced by Melvyn, I'm assuming this is his supervisor. It's nice to see hard work rewarded with such kindness at a corporate store. Keep up the great work.  Now that cashier I got was a little less polite but that's ok. We all have bad days.
