5 Wow! Where do I start...  I came here when it was called Blu Burger and I loved it then. Now it's under new ownership, and even better than it was before!  The place is very warm and inviting. It has been redecorated in a cool, contemporary style. There is new, much nicer paint, and there are at least half a dozen plasmas displaying sports in HD.  The menu has been adjusted to include even more items than before. Everything from build-your-own-burgers (my personal favorite) to crab cake sandwiches, salads, soups (I had the Lobster Bisque it was delicious!) and so much more I can't wait to try.  I ordered my usual Kobe California burger and it was simply delicious! The meet is so tender and juicy, I can't even describe how good it is. Quite honestly the best burger I've ever had.  All in all, I am very excited for how far this restaurant has come since I started going, and the new owner seems to have made a great restaurant simply excellent!
4 Met my two valentines (hubby and son) for lunch at Pinnacle Grille yesterday inbetween shifts at work.  We had been to Blu Burger on one other occassion that I can remember.  It seemed fine, albeit VERY, VERY blue inside. They re-did it tan and red inside, which looks much better (except you can still see a bit of blue along the line of the ceiling, which I find a tiny bit tacky)  My son and I go to the Blu Burger at Summit often, so I'm familiar with that menu.  This one was expanded to include lots of soups and salads.  I had my usual burger, which I asked to be prepared medium.  It was prepared close to well.  But that's ok, because it made me eat less of it :o)  The server, Jason, was really good.  I think he had the entire (nearly full) patio for his section and he managed it very well.  He was knowledgeable, prompt and friendly toward my son (which goes a long way for me).  He even brought me a bucket of ice for my Pellegrino bottle.  :o)
4 We used to frequent this place when it was BluBurger. I am really pleased with the expanded menu and happy that they still have their yummy burgers and delicious sweet potato fries.  We enjoyed a wonderful night on their patio and I had the hummus plate and the lobster bisque.  The soup was outstanding, however, a little on the salty side to the point where I could use a diuretic this morning. ;o)  The hummus was really good and they give you a huge portion.  I'd definitely head back here to try some of their other soups and the salads that they've added to the menu. They also have a really good beer and wine selection as well.
5 For the most part the menu is divided into three sections; appetizers, soups and salads, and burgers and sandwiches. This is not your average burger joint however! The choices are enormous for all of the categories and if that was not enough the burger section is truly build your own from the type of burger (13 types to choose from including non-meat selections), 8 kinds of buns, cheese, toppings, sauces, and more.  Fortunately they do offer prebuilt selections as well and I went for the Pinnacle Salmon burger which turned out to be the most amazing salmon burger I have ever tasted -- period. Before the burger I had a cup of the Kickin' Crab Corn Chowder which was wonderful -- but a cup? What they call a cup would be a bowl in any place I am used to.  In general the portions are very large considering the prices and our table over ordered selecting a couple of appetizers to try as well. The Chips & Guacamole are very good, the Tomato & Mozzarella is outstanding, and the Pinnacle Fries are awesome.  It seems that most places that try to be incredibly flexible with their menus and are generous with their portions compromise somewhere on quality to get there. The Pinnacle Grill, however, seems to be an exception where quality, flexibility, and quantity come together in a truly amazing combination. If you are anywhere in the area do make this a stop - you will certainly be glad you did.
5 Everything I've ever ordered here has been top notch and a good value. Great service. Definitely a place you can eat at often without breaking the bank.
5 I love this place. They offer a varied menu and the food is really good. The soups are to-die-for. A full bar and many TV's for sports. A heated(or not ) outside dining.  WE go there at least once a week, you can get a great meal at a very reasonable price. They are also doing cork recycling, one of the few that do.  A definite 5+++++ stars.
4 Really nice place! We came here last night in a group of 7 and it was a great experience. The service was quick and friendly and the restaurant is good-sized with the right amount of tables so you don't feel cramped.  The menu is very diverse and I love the "make your own salad" or "burger" selection that each had a ton of different options. Their portions are very large and can easily be shared or taken home for a lunch or another dinner.  I made my own salad with solid albacore tuna with their fresh veggies and the balsamic dressing on the side. Everyone's order was correct and prompt and prices were great. For 7 people who had dinner, some had appetizers and everyone had tea or soda, it was just under $100. We are making this our standard place for our monthly meetings now.
4 I went to Pinnacle Grille with my girlfriend for lunch.  The menu really looks awesome, but unfortunately neither of us were very hungry.  I ended up getting the Cobb salad and it was really good.  Everything was fresh, the greens, the grilled chicken, the bleu cheese, everything.  The  vinaigrette was the one thing I wasn't super pleased with.  So, if you get this salad, try a different dressing.  My girlfriend got the fat free sesame dressing on her salad, it was really good.  I really liked the ambiance and the service was really good.  I think the only thing keeping this place from being really popular is the location, it's like being on the moon out there!  However, I would certainly go back if I was in the area again.
1 Well Larry you did not take care of the Meal.  You deducted $18.00 without even our 10% resident discount!  REALLY LARRY. Do you think I need your $18?  You knew who we were because Dawn had advised you of our conversation. REALLY LARRY?  You came by and acknowledged there was a problem and that you would be back to rectify it.  REALLY LARRY?  Where did you go? How RUDE of you.. Obviously it seems you could care less of your patrons and seems like you are letting your business slip away. REALLY LARRY?  To top it off, your guitar player who was advertised to start at 8:30, was from what I was told at 8:50, was still having his dinner!  SHAME on you LARRY. As you know restaurants struggle in Arizona in the summer and barely survive.  You would think that you would go out of your way to make sure all is perfect. We felt your place was a good meeting place for the entire Troon North Association.  The Association will now find another place!  REALLY LARRY?  You have become disconnected and should think about selling out to a real restauranteur.  Wonder if your entertainment took place or did he decide to have dessert?  REALLY LARRY are you kidding me?
5 Awesome restaurant. Great service. I was served by a girl named Jessica and she was great. I am picky and she made my order perfect and never let my drink go empty. I'll definitely be back because of her!
5 This is our new favorite restaurant. Nice ambience, large patio, and the burgers are awesome! We can really converse and actually hear each other in this restaurant. Each time we go our server is Patrick who is a very good server. We plan to take our parents there for lunch this weekened. We know they will love it.
2 We were on our way to Cave Creek and decided to try somewhere different so we consulted Yelp to see where had good reviews.  It was Sunday during lunch and place was dead... so there was really no reason my burger should look and taste like charcoal.  I had the Hawaiian burger and wife had Greek Burger; neither were good but LOOKED good.  My Hawaiian burger was black on both sides like it had been on fire for awhile and my wife's was burned on one side.  My wife's Greek burger was bland.  She said it tasted like they use bottle dressing instead of making the sauce from scratch.    We had a side salad with our burgers and they had a good assortment of lettuce, tomatoes, onions, and a few other things but the dressing wasn't very good (obviously bottled ranch, vinaigrette, and blue cheese).  I showed the waitress my burned burger but decided not to send it back since I never send food back.  I was surprised she didn't take action anyway (I would).  If they were in my neighborhood I MIGHT give them a second chance given the other reviews but I'll never go back.
4 It often looks too busy for my taste at the Pinnacle Grille when passing by (I live up the street)... but it was empty and serene this past afternoon so we decided to give it a try for a late lunch.   My girlfriend and I both had 'Royal Pinnacle' angus burgers  (swiss, sautéed mushrooms, caramelized onion, spring mix, and tomato on a ciabatta bun). Both burgers were delicious and done exactly as ordered (one medium rare, the other well). Most burgers are around $11 including a side... both the steak fries and sweet potato fries were good.   I just wanted to mention this after seeing 'JD A.'s review. I don't doubt his account, but also noted on Pinnacle Grille's site that a new chef from San Diego just started in May, 2011. For what its worth, the attached press release also said  "In 2009, San Diego Tribune selected his burger as the best in the city".  Whoever they had grilling did a great job (OK.. its not rocket science)...   All I can say is that we were satisfied, the service was great, and we plan to return... might even brave a crowded 'Happy Hour' sometime.
4 Beautiful location with mountains all around. Not cheap but the food was very good. I had grilled salmon on an onion roll with lettuce and goat cheese and a few other things with a side of sweet potato fries ( I have had better sweet potato fries) washed down with a couple Fat Tires ($5 each, not bad). My wife had a grilled chicken salad with spring mix and pears grape tomatoes and goat cheese with a raspberry vinaigrette, she loved it. If you are in the area it's a good lunch. They have an outdoor, dog-friendly patio.
5 Always great!  Great service and yummy vegetarian options. One of the best veggie burgers around.  Josh is an awesome server!
5 I had just finished the Pinnacle Peak hike and was hungry tired and thirsty.  There were some flyers at the trail head for the Pinnacle Grill that offered a discount. I decided to give the place a try. My hamburger was absolutely superb.  The bun was very fresh (Perhaps they make them there) The large angus patty was cooked to the medium rare I ordered, and the side salad was large and had a nice variety of greens and other salad ingredients.The service was superb.  The meal was appropriately priced.  I am not from Arizona, but would definitely return to this place.
4 Really long menu with lots of options so you can customize every meal!  Also-- long list of soups.  Love every one I have tried so far.  Also, great service.  Very personable waitstaff who look you in the eye and engage in conversation too.
4 Wonderful morning coffee place! Nice people.
4 Yesterday was my first visit to Pinnacle Grill and I have to say I was very happy we gave it a try. It was kind of empty due to seasonality, but that actually worked in our favor as we got some time to chat with our awesome server Lisa. She was a lot of fun, great with the kids, and made some wonderful recommendations, along with stellar service. The menu is in somewhat of a transition as they are adding new items and taking off some others. Overall the menu is diverse offering everything from great burgers to higher end tasty dishes. My son built his own burger which was delicious. Quality Angus beef cooked as ordered. My daughter ordered the fried calamari and thought it was great. My wife ordered the ribs and enjoyed them as well. I had the chicken marsala which was a varied version of the traditional, but it was delicious with a richly flavored sauce. Also as a starter we shared some chicken wings and they were nicely cooked and tasty... not too spicy either. One of the great qualities of this place is that the food is original and fresh with everything homemade as far as we could tell. It is so hard to find good quality food as we have become overrun by the Olive Garden style restaurants of today. This place is not a chain! Great food at a reasonable price. I will be happy to go back in the future and look forward to trying new menu items as well as being served by Lisa. Enjoy Pinnacle Grill as we did. A great place tucked away off the beaten path, but well worth the excursion.
5 Terrific food, great service, fair pricing.  My favorite still remains the "Royal Pinnacle Burger" although they removed it from the menu for some strange reason.  It's the best burger in town and I've brought countless friends with me to have the experience.  I just wish they would re-add the burger back to the menu so as not to confuse my order. (which I get every time I'm there). There breakfast is also the best I've come across in ages. I am a regular and LOVE this place!
1 Was better when it was blu burger
3 We live in Troon within a mile of this location so we were very excited to try the food.  Its tucked back in a strip mall off the main road so keep you eyes open or you'll miss it for sure.  When we pulled up and got out of the car our mouths started watering from the smell in the air.  We were told the burgers where outstanding and that they had some new items on the menu.  My wife ordered the ribs and I ordered burgers and fish sandwiches for the girls and I.  The rub on the ribs was excellent however the ribs were obviously boiled then kissed on the grill so no smokey goodness but decent flavor thanks to the rub so lets give them a B-.  I should have ordered the regular burgers because the sliders where lame compared to many we've had around the valley and the fish sandwiches were so greasy we took a couple of bites and left both sandwiches on the plate.  All in all we were not impressed however the owner or manager came by our table and was very friendly and the service was good not great. Bottom line we will give it another try and update the review later.  We are going to try them for breakfast.
5 We've been eating at Pinnacle Grill since we started visiting the area several years ago.  I love their variety of sandwiches and salads.  Today I had the salmon with goat cheese sandwich and it was amazing.
2 Stopped here after a hike on Pinnacle due to its proximity. The food here is just not that good.   I ordered a small stack of buckwheat pancakes. The pancakes were Luke warm and tough. The thing that gets me is that you shell out a decent amount of money, yet the butter comes in little foil wraps. I HATE THAT! I might as well bring my own stick of butter if I wanted to spend 15 minutes opening little packets. I expect that at a La Quinta downstairs  crappy included breakfast, not here. Plus, the butter was cold so as I spread it, it destroyed the pancakes.  Wife got a "meh" omelette. Again, luke warm. The side of tomatoes were unripe and tasteless. Her turkey sausage patties were cold, hard, and obviously previously frozen and reheated.   Overall, the Pinnacle Grill was uninspiring, disappointing, and blah.
4 A wonderfully eclectic menu, full bar, casual atmosphere and excellent service on a busy Saturday night made this a great place to have dinner. And we returned for breakfast (delicious) the next morning.
4 After a hike on Pinnacle Peak, it was natural to stop here for a quick bite. Loved the hummus because you not only get the traditional pita bread, you get sides of tomato, cucumber, carrots and celery...Since I was seeking a healthy lunch to reward my conquering of the mountain, I tried the salmon salad which was incredible with a dressing that was to die for! service is friendly and attentive without being overly intrusive. Definitely will be back to try the other menu items because it was refreshing after a hike!
4 One of the best kept secrets of the Troon area...kinda of a hidden gem if you will...and perfectly located considering the vicinity of the Pinnacle Peak park hike.   The prices are very reasonable, and the menu is very extensive offering everything from salads to appetizers and everything in between such as burgers and healthy sandwiches. I had the Pinnacle chicken sandwich and it was absolutely scrumptious...I ordered mine in ciabatta bread and it came with lettuce, tomato, cheese, bacon and avocado.  The service was very friendly and efficient and certainly didn't miss a beat. They also have a lovely patio and serve breakfast. Highly recommended. Will return without a doubt.
2 I've eaten here numerous times and offered my opinion. The last two times sealed it for me I can't put myself through another meal. The food orders are often made wrong the service is terrible and even if it is a local business it's just plain not good.
4 Was here for lunch in April and ate outside in the really nice patio area.  My hamburger was great but they didn't get my dining partner's meal right and he wasn't very happy.  On the other hand I had taken a friend from out of town here in Feb and we had a wonderful early dinner around 5pm on a Friday night (it was crowded already).  She loved her fish and I had chicken marsala that was excellently prepared and was delicious.  Started with guacamole -- also great.  Agree with some of the other reviews that consistency is an issue but overall I've had nice experiences there
5 Food for kids was great. And kids got large drink included. Happy parents with lower bill!
1 The customer service was horrible. The host did not pay any attention to us. The waitress could care less about our table and just brought the food out and left. I wanted dessert but she just handed us the check without even asking us and went to talk to her coworkers. No wonder this place is almost always empty. Although the food is pretty good I don't know if its worth the awful costumer service.
4 We eat here regularly, they have lots of great items on the menu and stella on draft. The burgers are great and I especially love the ribs.
2 This was our first visit to Pinnacle Grille, and we went with another couple on a week night.  When we arrived, the hostess told us to sit anywhere we wanted.  We chose a table in the back room so that we could be away from the door.  The front room was too cool for us.    We ordered drinks, and settled in for conversation and to decide on our dinner choices.  About 20-minutes into our visit, a woman (I presumed her to be the owner) asked us if we would move over one table.  She said a group of 25 was going to come in, and she needed our table to add to the set up. The group was gathering to watch "Family Feud" because some of them were contestants on the episode airling that evening.  We had the choice of moving to a table near the large group (would very likely be too noisy), or moving to one in the front room (would be too cool).  Not great options, but we chose the front room, so we could have conversation.  The owner never thanked us for moving, nor acknowledged that her request caused us some inconvenience.  In fact, none of the restaurant staff did.  We thought that was rude and inhospitable.  Our food was average. I had the "chop steak", which tasted quite good.  However, the plating was unappetizing and sloppy.  I'm not sure we will return.
5 Awesome soups. Had the lobster bisque. I also had the club on sourdough. It was excellent. The red pepper humus was very nice as an appetizer. Service was excellent and brisk. Well be back often.
5 Always enjoy going to Pinnacle Grille. Nice environment and a major plus, it's close to my house. Very broad and wide selection on the food, however I always find myself with my two favorite, the Grilled Cheese and Chicken and Rice soup.
2 Had been here when newly opened and not impressed with ribs.  Tried again on Thursday since reviews were good and I was craving steak with gorgonzola.  My son had the nachos.  We did not finish either as they were not good.  My son said the chili on nachos tasted canned and my med rare steak was well done and bland.  Too bad...
1 Recently pinnacle grille has deteriorated. Living close to this restaurant made it our go to, however the last visit sealed the deal and we will not return. Ordered dinner as usually with a calamari appetizer, the calamari was cold ( partial frozen) and we made this obvious to are waiter who acted unconvinced. The owner who was present completely ignored us and we actually had to request to the waiter that we would not pay for the appetizer when the bill arrived. Pinnacle grille needs better ownership/management/waiters. For now will drive further into town to enjoy a consistent meal with actual owners that care.
5 The Pinnacle Grille is situated along a very scenic road, north of Scottsdale. I found it on Yelp, and was nearby. My hubby and I shared the Nachos, which were very good, and split a burger. The food was good, the waiter was so friendly, and the day was beautiful, just sitting outside in the sun, on the patio. It's not a fancy place, but we really enjoyed our meal here!
5 Its now the place my whole family celebrates their birthday! A wonderful menu keeps mom and dad happy, the cool patio at sunset keeps me coming back, and my niece and nephew love the huge sparkling birthday candles.  I've had everything on the menu and you will not be disappointed. Food quality is amazing, and the prices are great! Check it out!
1 Went for a quick lunch and  waited for at least 45 min for two soups and finally asked to pay for our beer we had and canceled the soup. Waiter never put in our order!  There were maybe  6 tables on the deck at any time during the time we were there and saw at least 5 different people waiting tables or bringing out food. All the people passing by us and no one asked to see if we wanted anything including another drink. We had to flag down our waiter then. Poor management! Waiter didn't charge us for our beer but we left without eating and will never go back.
5 My wife Annie and I have gone to Pinnacle since day 1 and always enjoy the food and the people.  Dawn, Josh, Jason are really nice.  We were so glad they were only closed 1 week to repair their walk in cooler.  We were very sad there was so much mis information regarding the temp. closure.  I assure you it was NOT due to anything being unclean.  It is basic...If your walk in cannot keep food cold then you cannot risk storing food.  They did what any responsible business would do.  Just because the words "health dept" was on the sign does not mean anything bad.  Whomever Richard D. is with his ignorant review.....well, there are assholes everywhere.   We love this place .  Andrew and annie gervase
3 A group (6) of us went for lunch today to celebrate my birthday. Perfect day for patio seating, which they had ample tables available.  Server was very attentive and friendly.   Looking through the diverse menu I see lots of options that sound great. Great options of soup, salad, entrees, sandwiches and burgers. I settle for a cup of the Crab corn chowder which was very good. Extra points for serving oyster crackers with the soup as many do not. The chowder was the right consistency of thickness.   I opted for the build a burger option. There are diverse options to make your burger from buns, traditional toppings, or special toppings like a portabella cap, roasted chile, etc.  My burger was a ciabatta Kobe burger with pepper jack, roasted chile, guac, spinach and chipotle aioli. Once I got the burger which looked awesome, I cut it in half and noticed the patty was thin. Maybe a 1/4lb and it had a very uniform circular shape as is if it came from a frozen pack.  I told myself that they probably had a press back there and to proceed. The guac looked a darker brown than usual as if it had been out or wasn't freshly made. They had avocados on the menu so I assumed it was fresh. The bun was grilled, spinach super fresh drenched in some cheese and a chiles.   First bite was good and got a bit of everything but something was off. After dissecting a bit the guac definitely tasted as if it came out a package and the Kobe was a frozen hockey puck. Upon examining the grilled results of the Kobe it resembles more I a black bean veggie patty, which I made sure no one else at the table had ordered.    For a place that's supposed to be a burger joint this is an extreme disappointment. I can get a burger at a better price that's handmade and way more fresh. Cutting corners and costs on guac when you have fresh avocados is not very endearing either.   The rest of the entrees that came out for our table looked great (chef salad, BLTA) but if I return to this location it won't be for a burger again.  Service 4 Ambiance 4 (cool looking booths inside) Menu Options 5 Burger 1
2 If this place wasn't so close to our house I definitely would not come here. The service really depends on server and it is very hit or miss and often phony friendly attitude. The food quality and portions are very inconsistent. The owner is often physically present, but has no idea what's going on or what's even being served. Our food has been wrong, burnt, stale, raw, over cooked so many times...you name it and they've served it. I've even gone in to pick up food before and no one knew where my order was...they gave it to someone else. You think a manager, the owner, someone would take responsibility for it...not here! If you live in the area and really need something to eat, that's one thing, but personally it's worth driving 5 more minutes in the opposite direction of this place. Maybe new ownership and a new manager would help.
1 Will never go back again! Served raw chicken and not comped for it! Owner was very disrespectful! Been there a couple of times and the food was usually good, service isn't the greatest. Went the other nice for dinner, was seated and the owner told us they were down a server and hoped this wouldn't inconvenience us. Ordered the chicken tenders as an appetizer, they came out and looked crispy, went to take a bite and the chicken was raw and frozen, not even cooked. I was very upset, told the server and she apologized. Was skeptical about the rest of the meal, my salad wasn't anything special. The server brought us the check and said she took off 10%....our bill was only $30 thats $3 off of the $9 chicken tenders that we didn't eat. I got a hold of the owner told him I felt this was wrong, and he laughed in my face. The owner was very rude and asked me what I felt he should do about it. After arguing he finally took off the chicken but didn't comp our meal. The way we were treated was unacceptable and rude and I will never go back to this restaurant again!!
