5 I tried a Nutella banana crepe at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market. Delicious!!!!!!!!!!!!! The crepe was perfect, not too flimsy or chewy. Also, I liked that they give it to you in some sort of flat paper cone, so it's easy to walk around and eat:)  I got  a crust less lemon tart that was delicious as well. I took only  two bites as my almost two year old ate most of it!
5 Found these two (thanks to twitter) at the Tet Festival in Mesa. I tried the banana, mango, vanilla cream and crushed meringue crepe. It was unbelievable. Fantastic flavor and texture on a perfectly made crepe.   Delicious food from a sweet couple.. I will be watching their twitter feed tor more locations (hopefully soon!).  Yum!
5 I agree with the other Yelpers in that Truckin Good Food is awesome!!  They bring such an authentic style crepe to the PHX area--something hard to find.... for a reasonable price too!!  I also had the sweet crepe with banana, vanilla pastry cream, and crushed meringue (I have never had anything with crushed meringue before and it was yummy!)  We also got the kimchee vegetarian crepe with cheese and shredded coconut  (what a crazy combo--I think I'll get another one today since I'll be volunteering at Tet today again--yay!)  Erin and Jeffrey are so sweet too--something very hard to come by these days :)
5 I'm a huge fan of crepes. I make them at home whenever I get a chance. I must say, though, that Jeff takes the crepe to a whole new level for me and puts mine to shame. The fillings are always awesome.   Sadly, since the city won't let them do crepes right now, we must suffer without. And yet, Jeff still comes through with other awesome creations. I look forward to every Sunday and catching them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market.   Jeff & Erin - Keep on truckin!
5 Truckin' Good Food is by far my favorite part of the Ahwatukee Farmers Market!  So far, I have tried the Veggie crepe and the Bean and Cheese crepe and both were spectacular.  For various reasons, it had been about a month since I had been able to meet up with their tent on Sundays and today I got my fix!  Jeff and Erin are both so sincere and friendly, which makes it easy to hang out and chat while your crepe is made right in front of you.  The care and attention put into each and every order really makes TGF stand out from the rest, the fresh, quality ingredients don't hurt either!  Next week, I've got to try the PB&J!!
5 Amazing! I tried their sweet nutella crepe for the first time a few months ago and have been craving it ever since. Jeff and Erin are such incredible people. Their knowledge of food and crepes is beyond scary.  Gotta trust the guy who has a nutella tattoo right? And they're always coming out with new yummy items for their menu. I can't wait to try the rest of their menu!
5 Until I ordered from Truckin' Good Food, I was a crepe virgin.  So fittingly, my first crepe was called "My First Time."  My First Time also became my second time...just so you know.  I love the nutella and I love bananas, and at first, that's all I wanted in my crepe.  Jeff persuaded me to get it with walnuts as well.  I'm glad I did.  It was delish!  Truckin' Good Food is awesome.  I look forward to trying other crepes and seeing them around in their new truck.
5 Really fantastic crepes.
5 something i couldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams - i drive 20 minutes, every sunday to delight in parisian-style street food in ahwatukee.    the first "truckin" crepe i ever tried is called "umami what" which combines sesame and soy pickled cherry tomotes, fresh chevre, mushroom ragout wakame, fresh spinach and basil.  all i have to say is that it is SO TRUCKING GOOD i can't even try the other menu items yet!  awesome. awesome. awesome.
4 Ok, so this business is currently run from a mobile kitchen.  Now I do mean that it is a kitchen.  The crepes are made to order, the ingredients are absolutely fresh and delicious.  They are currently going to various farmers markets, Old Town Scottsdale and Awatuke,  and going to private parties when they are asked.   So when you have the chance to find where they are and try them.  You won't be disappointed at all.  They are great.   Also check then out on twitter.
5 I'll keep this one simple. Do yourself a favor and hunt this truck down. I've had crepes from a street stand in Paris. TGF makes you feel like you never left (oppressive heat notwithstanding).  I had my first experience with TGF today, just before they wrapped up. I had the People's Choice: a simple crepe jam-packed with Nutella, peanut butter, and bananas. It was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. Tack on their great pommes frites with the truffle oil ketchup and you have a serious winner. To top it off, Jeff hooked me up with a sample of his new custard creation which was absolutely fantastic.  Friendly people, great food, and they're on wheels! Now to find a way to get them down to Mill Avenue, where I work...
4 07/14/10 and 10/14/10!  (What a coincidence!  I did not plan the 3-month interval...)  My first visit to T'GF was for Bastille Day, when Jeff K. and his food truck had a "taste-off" against Torched Goodness.  I found them both to be equally good that day, although Jeff was a little more generous w/ his frozen dessert sample compared to TG's thimble sample (TG was out of the two flavors I wanted to try)!  Since I couldn't decide which was better of the two, I didn't vote... Sorry, Jeff K.!  I decided to try the Bastille Day dessert crepe, expecting I'd get a traditional crepe w/ vanilla ice cream.  Instead, I received a cup filled w/ ice cream and garnished w/ a sliver of a cookie and, I'd like to say, a raspberry coulis.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g#fOquGJdYwCwC7S489g_E9g  Delicious, but a bit too sweet!  (Yes, yes, Jeff K. did describe to me what I was going to receive before preparing my order, but I'd just had a sample of flan, which contains egg, of which I'm allergic to, that has many side effects, one of which is a lack of concentration!  Come to think of it, the ice cream probably consisted of eggyolks, as well.)  My second visit to T'GF left me being a happier camper!  I had already checked out the website's menu and had two items in mind, but was sidetracked into ordering frites (potato fries cooked in duck fat).  I placed my order of a Brittany crepe, as well as one beignet, no powdered sugar.  After a few minutes, I'd remembered it was the panisse frites (chickpea fries) that I'd wanted to try, so I asked Jeff if it was too late to change my mind.  No, it wasn't too late!  Since there was a line of people before me waiting for their crepes to be prepared (I think they can only make two crepes at a time back there), I opted to pop inside Downtown PHX Public Market and have a go at the menu, as well.  Stop the presses!  The Brittany crepe was tres magnifique!  It consisted of a buckwheat crepe filled w/ local Buckeye, AZ Crow's Dairy chevre, as well as a little buckwheat honey.  Food orgasm!  I'm definitely going to order this one again on my next visit!  The panisse frites were OK, albeit very, very mild-tasting.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw#svrAe4tRWFasRDLOHa6RIw  While deep-fried, they weren't greasy at all.  They reminded me a bit of falafel, though definitely not as dense (far from it!) nor as flavorful as falafel.  I didn't find the light-as-air lemon-herb froth that accompanied the fries punchy enough to pair well w/ the crispy fries :(  Perhaps a creamier dip would suffice?  The curry mayo (which came w/ a fellow Yelper's frites) was a better match.  As for the beignet-- it looked delicious, but I couldn't try it since Jeff's assistant forgot to hold the powdered sugar.  Boo!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/truckin-good-food-phoenix?select=GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A#GCdX9u-msiqKqim1A2B4-A Sorry for not having a photo of the Brittany crepe-- once I'd had a taste of it, I didn't want to pause to turn on my camera phone.  (I figured I could always take one the next time I visit!  Hahaha!)  I bumped into Yelpers Dolores, Robyn, and Lynn, who later accepted my invitation to sit at my table and so was able to sample Robyn's frites w/ curry dip (the same dip I'd picked out initially before changing my mind!)  They're pretty good!  Thanks, Robyn!  BTW, thanks for the feedback on the beignet and its "super-yummy" caramel sauce!
5 Yum! Crepes are delicious! I had the special with Brie and apples. Pommes frites were super tasty as well! Don't miss if you go to the Ahwatukee Farmers Market.
5 Last weekend I finally got to eat a crepe from this truck and am STILL thinking about it.  While going through my last walk-through at the Scottsdale Farmer's Market I spotted the truck and instantly became as giddy as a schoolgirl.  So many friends had told me good things and I was excited to finally get my hands on a crepe from TGF.  The Papa K had tons of gooey (Tillamook!) cheese, slices of ham, fresh greens, and mushroom ragout wrapped in a buckwheat crepe.  I would have had another before leaving, but decided to hold back against my better judgment.  Can't wait to find TGF again so I can sample more of their tasty crepes.
5 Amazing!!! I tried their Nutella-banana-nut crepe at the Old Town Farmers Market in Scottsdale, AZ and it was simply the best Nutella Crepe I've ever had. Keep it up!
5 At this point, I've had three of the four crepe selections, with the Veg being the only one I haven't tried. The verdict is that they are fantastic.  With choices both sweet and savory, the real winner remains the My First Time, a collection of Nutella, Bananas, and Walnuts in warm fresh crepe. This is an amazing piece of food.   Now, in addition to all of the delicious delicious crepes, there are fries. And the fries are SO good. Made with Duck Fat, these are exquisite bits of fried potato. Combined with homemade dipping sauces, they just can't be beat. Check them out at Farmer's Markets around town. Go get some! They're delish! :)  Check out more pics and a longer review at http://rapunxelle.wordpress.com/
5 I have a simple argument for why you should stop what you are doing right now and go find this food truck.  Duck Fat Fries!  Yeah, I'm sure I can stop right there.  Game, set, match!  You lose the debate, but win the lottery in taste.  You need more convincing?  Blasphemy!!!  But okay, how about I blow your mind with a single word.  NUTELLA!!!  Oh, hey I'll wait a minute so you can recover your senses.  That's right, low and behold they made nutella, banana, pecan filled crepes and it was good.  Damn good!  Push your mother over and step on her neck to get the last one good.  My sister introduced me to this food truck at which I hold worship every week.  And for this I owe her a kidney.  RUN! don't walk to this food truck.  P.S. - Tillamook cheese rules!  And if sweet isn't your thing because your mother smoked when she was pregnant.  Than they have you covered with their mouthwatering savory crepes too.
4 Delicious crepes! I love that they're obviously just a little independent group - I get a crepe almost every Sunday at the Farmer's Market. It can be a bit of a wait but worth it!
5 It started as a low vibration in my mouth.  Then it became a little more of a low-volume Hum.  Then my teeth started rattling, just a little bit.  I went and looked in the mirror into my opened mouth, and it hit me as to what was happening.  My taste buds were.....what?.....chanting......????  All I heard was tiny little echo of  "We Are Not Worthy.....We Are Not Worthy" over and over again, building to a crescendo, then stopping abruptly.   Then they took a low bow.  This was right after eating the Mardi-Gras-inspired Comte ~ ham ~ celery root rémoulade crêpe from TGF today.  It was seriously one of the best things to ever cross my taste buds.  This truck is worthy of the hype.  Some aren't - but this one IS.  I've still yet to get a taste of the duck fat fries - went too early once, and this time I was too late as they were sold out.  Darnedest luck.  Go out of your way to visit these nice folks and their other-worldly crêpes.  You will not be disappointed.
3 I was so stoked for the Crepes and Craft beer event@ Hanratty's w/Truckin' Good Food, but I can't say I could 'rave' about any of it. Our first course was chips w/something, something duck fat. Love the duck fat dip, but again, it was just potato chips. Second course, sausage and potatoes-yum. Here again, I felt let down. The potatoes reminded me of instant w/ a single piece of kale placed on top. Yes, single. To finish, Crepé Suzette, good but not astounding. I'm afraid I had my hopes too high-I don't even remember all the snazzy details. I'd like to try their real food, maybe the fantastic other crepes I hear about. Maybe just because it was an event I wasn't so blown away? I'll def give them another shot when I get a chance. Sorry. :(
4 Tried them at the Ahwatukee Farmer's Market and love them!  I can't  for the next food adventure with them.
4 sad that they aren't at the old town farmers' market for the summer!  hope to see you and erin in the fall!
5 This was my first food truck. They were super nice, friendly and even gave me a tour of the truck.   The duck fat fries were amazing, and everything I've eaten there has been great.
5 Stumbled upon Truckin' Good Food's truck for the first time on a Saturday morning at the Ahwatukee Farmers' Market with my wife shortly after we moved here from Indiana. Smelled the food before finally figuring out where it was coming from and had to give it a try.   So I went with a Papa K buckwheat crepe (Palo Verde ham ~ pepper jack ~ mushroom ragout ~ spinach); great combination of flavors   As a side dish (although I could have eaten a bowlful as a dish of it's own) duck fat frites. I am convinced that everything should be fried in duck fat; it is just an incredible flavor.   The dipping sauces (garlic mayo; ketchup; red chili mayo; Dijon; malt vinegar; pesto; tzatziki; ginger tomato; honey mustard) with garlic mayo the one I had this first time. To my knowledge all of the sauces are made by Chef Jeff Kraus (owner/chef of Truckin' Good Food).   The crepes and frites are both certainly filling, but without being heavy feeling.   Lastly, the sweet crepes;   my first time  Nutella ~ caramelized banana ~ walnut   smokin' cone  chocolate crémeux ~ marshmallow brûlée ~ graham   showtime  caramel custard ~ almond ~ poached fruit   jam on it  choice of selected jams   wake up  coffee mascarpone ~ caramel ~ chocolate espresso beans   I think they all sound/smell great, but I have a soft spot for Nutella everytime. :)   If you get a chance to be in the same place as this truck, please tell Jeff and staff hello and you have heard good things about them. You will not be disappointed.   PS They are looking at starting a fixed location (soon), so I will gladly post an update as soon as I get a chance to enjoy that next phase in Truckin' Good Food's evolution.   Cheers!
3 Sooooo, I had heard great things about Truckin' Good Food, and did lots of research on them before going to the Scottsdale Farmer's Market to stalk them.  We made a special trip to go find this crepe truck, and I must say the crepes were delicious.  Unfortunately my issue is with the wait and the lack of ingredients.    There wasn't anyone in front of us, so we walked right up to the window and ordered two crepes. I ordered a nutella and banana crepe, except they didn't have any bananas, I was like that's fine...I'm here for a crepe, I will get one- so just plain nutella (but they didn't offer to reduce the price which sort of annoyed me).  Then we ordered the other sweet crepe which was lemon curd.  Since there wasn't anyone there, we thought it would be quick, however they said it would be 20 minutes for the crepes to be ready.  I was shocked.  How can to have customers wait for 20 minutes for crepes when there aren't even people in line.  I couldn't imagine how long it would take it there were people in front of us.  Finally, after getting the crepes and getting a chance to eat them, I was at least happy with the result.  The crepes were flavorful (even if they were missing banana) and thin.  I'd go back, but hope that they had figured out how to get crepes out faster.
5 Love these guys at CYCLE Bar in the Lexington Hotel!  We have Pop-Up Chefs every weekend and Jeff Kraus is the best!! Find him there on Saturday NOV. 5th. cyclephoenix.com for reservations
