2 Holy frozen pizzas Batman! I got a coupon in the mail for a $5.00 pizza! Awesome! What a deal! So I called to order and the guy on the phone was confused. "Just come pick it up." Strange, usually I have to order a pizza before I go get it. But not here because they only have two choices: cheese and pepperoni. Except when I went they didn't have cheese so I had to have pepperoni. It was kinda cold, the crust obviously came out frozen from a box before being topped with the crappiest, greasiest cheese ever. But for 5 bucks, what do you expect?
2 Meh, Little Caesars works for a cheap, quick meal. The last couple times I went to this location it tasted slightly like eating cardboard with tomato sauce on it, and I had to do a tyrannosaurus-eating motion with my neck to get the pizza to tear while eating it... but as the last person said: it's $5, what do you expect?
3 Its Little Caesars, its 5 bucks. For the money its ok. I wouldn't eat here all the time but good for a snack for a bunch of hungry kids who all want different drive thrus but can all agree on pizza....
2 Ugh... every once in awhile I think, oh Little Caesars is cheap and alright... let's pick some up.   This is a problem  The pizza is terrible... I know it's 5$... but still. It's just not good. I also always seem to remember liking the crazy bread, and then I get it and it's also just not good. I should have just stayed home and eaten cereal.  *sigh
2 This place is walking distance from my house so I only get it when I feel like walking, its too close to drive.  Like others have said its only $5, which should make up for the quality but Hungry Howies is also $5 and tastes so much nicer. I also think the pizza is a little bit bigger at Howies.   I only go when I want pizza and feel like going for a walk. I always think after I should have got Howies.
2 I was about to pay for my pizza. Then I noticed the "B" rating for sanitation proudly displayed over the cashier's left shoulder. I had an emergency "phone call" that I promptly took outside, never to return again. Seriously how hard is it to maintain a restaurant at the "A" level of sanitation.
2 Ordered the Hot n Ready Pepperoni Pizza.  It was not very good;  the pizza seemed to have been sitting in the warming oven for quite a while since the pizza was only lukewarm.  It wasn't piping hot like the ones we are usually used to getting in Henderson NV.  Service was very nice.
1 I got crazy bread from this stupid place and they didnt give me any sauce! What a waste of my time, gas, and money. Im hungry and cant even eat these dry ass bread sticks without sauce. Dumb.
