4 Looking for some late night grub, we stumbled across this taco shop chain on Blue Diamond.  The employees seem a little tired or lifeless, but what do you expect at a 24-hour joint!  Regardless, we were content after our meal, and had a great morning sleep.  Out of all the items we ordered, my least favorite...even though I devoured the whole thing...was the taco de lengua.  Tongue lacked some flavor and wasn't tender enough. The taco was bigger (in size and cost) than what I'm used to.     Their chicken taco (crunchy shell) was a lot better....with a peppery taste and loads of cheese.  The Horchata was just okay for me...I had better.  But why complain when the Mexican drinks are bottomless like the other fountain drinks!?  My favorite was the Carne Asada nachos, with a mountain of flavorful asada, cheese, cilantro, tomatoes, guacamole, and beans (we opted for no sour cream).  It was so good (and greasy), we ended up ordering another "mountain" to go.    Up next....Carne Asada Fries!
4 Great food. get the carne asada burrito and 3 roll tacos..
4 Clean, friendly staff, huge portions. Not the best Mexican food i've had but it hits the spot when i've got the craving. I always tell myself that I'm only going to eat half of what I get and save the rest for another meal. It never works. I always stuff my face till it's all gone. That stuff is addictive.
4 The best looking Roberto's I've ever been to.  Very clean and done up.   I used to think Robertos as low rate (appearance wise with no ac) restutaunt with good food.  When I stepped into this location I was amazed!  The appearance of the resturant was very surprising to me. Even the the bathroom shocked me.  The food was good and the place was VERY clean.  The only thing about the bathroom, there's no mirror in the womens lol and the door will seriously slam shut and if your hand or finger doesn't move out of the way just in time, Roberto's be careful, theres some shady people out there.  When in the mood for Mexican food, Roberto's on Blue Diamond I am there.
4 there are a lot of roberto's places in vegas.. yet all aren't the best.  this particular location is clean and the service is friendly and fast.  I love the carne asada nacho or fries..  and the carne asada California burrito!    I like to call in and place my order on the phone if I'm not eating there... and if u do eat there, you'll definitely pick up the scent!  [it won't smell yummy like your food!]  a definite plus:  24 hours.. and they're on top of it at any hour!  roberto's is definitely a quick fix for my mexican food cravings!
2 If you know the saying, "What goes up must come down," then you might be familiar with the saying, "Mexican food goes in solid and comes out liquid."  I've never been a taco bell fan either, so maybe "quick" Mexican fare just isn't my thing. To each their own, I guess. Perk is that it's 24 hours in a residential area, but it's just not my speed.
3 Maybe I got something terrible last time, but I'm upgrading Roberto's to 3 stars since I've had a few more things here.  The chorizo burrito, shrimp burrito were fine. The chicken burrito was very meh; standard line chicken, no flavoring. A chicken burrito was "just lunch" if you get my drift. IF YOU'RE PICKIN' UP WHAT IM PUTTIN' DOWN, 'NA MEAN?  The chorizo burrito and shrimp burrito I enjoyed. Maybe it's because I had some hot sauce. I don't know. My toilet also liked the burritos, but then again, what doesn't make me shit these days? I'm getting old. Or getting Crohn's disease. Mexican food makes a toilet holocaust. Burritos from a 24 hour taco shop makes for bathroom salsa. I could go on.  Overall: Solid, quick, cheap, tasty enough for the price, solid B.
4 Being from So Cal, I've always taken good mexican food for granted because it was so accessible to me. Since moving here 3 months ago, I've been craving carne asada fries for so long but just didnt know where find one here in Vegas. Then one day making a wrong turn, I bumped into Roberto's Taco Shop which was 2 blocks away from my house.  My life just took a step up in being satisfied.  They are not selfish with their servings here. I ordered a carne asada fries and burrito and let me tell you, they did not miss even a millimeter of space in that box!  Not only were the servings big, but it was pretty good too.  Man that hit the spot! Best thing is that they're open 24/7 and I hit the gym around 1am so this is the new spot I will definitely be hitting up after my workouts.  Yea I know its a bad diet but I'll work out even harder to make up for it.  Service here is nice and very clean environment. From what I've been reading on yelp that other Roberto places arent as nice as this one.  Best thing is it's mexicans making mexican food unlike another place i went to where it was asians making mexican food and the other way around.  Biggest fail was a Pho restaurant ran by filipinos and let me tell you, their Pho was Phocking nasty! Keep the menu within the race and you get my thumbs up.  Friends are telling me to try their Lengua as well. Don't know what that is but i'll be sure to order that next.
4 Alot of great food for the price!
4 Yar, Roberto's be a chain restaurant specializing in Mexican delicacies.  They usually look the part: bare walls and unimaginative fixtures.  They're strangely similar to prison chow halls.  This one seems to be upgraded for the area it's in.  Southwestern colors on the walls, tables and chairs that aren't bolted to each other, and an overall aura straight out of the Qdoba playbook.  Staff ability is limited in the English department, but they make a damn good carne asada burrito and rolled tacos topped with guac and cheese.  I want that in my mouth all the time.  Period.
4 We popped into this Roberto's (located on Blue Diamond at Buffalo by Rounders and a Child Care place) at like 1am after a concert. Few drinks down and we were ready for fourth meal.  My husband insisted we order the Carne Asada Fries. I thought we needed more than just that so I ordered a Bean & Cheese Burrito as well. OMG was I wrong! Those fries were huge, and L.O.A.D.E.D! We devoured them and took the burrito home for lunch the next day.  Surprisingly I've only been to Roberto's a handful of times. One other time I had a Carne Asada Burrito that was delicious and huge. One time I had Rolled Tacos (aka taquitos) another WINNER!  I will say that there is never a shortage of food with your order. This particular location was clean and the girl taking our order was kind. I'm sure we will be back since this location is right by our house.
3 I am a bit disappointed. This location isn't as decorative as the Don Tortaco at Eastern and Warm Spring.  I also had their version of beef nachos, very small in comparison to what i usually get at Roberto's i just hope the ones at Eastern and Warm Spring is better. Their carrot sides were also very salty.  They were quick and friendly, and a have a good menu at cheaper prices. Also anything open 24 hours is a good thing.
4 This place used to be Roberto's .  It seems like alot of them got bought out and is now Don Tortaco.  We stopped by for a late night eat.  Same menu, same food, same price... new name.  Pros:  * Asada Nachos are still killer!  * well-kept Sauce stand... It seems like their green sauce was a bit spicier than what I remembered at Roberto's... Score!  * I don't know if the standards at Don Tortaco are higher than Roberto's, but this location seemed to be really clean.    * I liked the selection of drinks.. self serve soda with Horchata and Jamaica too!  * Lengua and Cabeza on the menu... oh yeah!!!!  Cons:  * I stated No sour cream (even on my receipt), but low and behold, when my order came out, Escrema was present! * No Agua De Fresca   Verdict:   This place is good for late night eats.  We ordered the Asada Nachos with No sour cream, but they failed and piled sour cream on it anyhow.  Nonetheless, I gave this place a 4 star because it didn't fail to satisfy my late night cravings for cheap Mexican food.  I also had to get some Lengua tacos.  2 tacos and Asada Nachos was more than enough to share amongst 2 other people.   Tips:  * I know Lengua doesn't sound too appetizing, but seriously you can't knock it until you try it.  It's amazing!
5 Great spot, never too busy. I've gone here literally 50x since it's opened. Never had bad service, or bad food. Also open 24 hours so sometimes it's the only thing to eat around me. Thankfully it's always good. Used to be Roberto's but changed about 6 months ago. Same people work there and the food tastes the same.  Also, the breakfast burrito's and churro's are freaking awesome !!!
1 Worst Mexican food ever. Greasy, no taste, just plain awful. I think I would rather eat Taco Bell.
5 Carne asada burrito.  You're welcome.
1 Wow, I can't believe how gross the food was here.
3 I live across the street and wanted this place to be great so I could stop in for a late meal or a random lunch. In my humble opinion its average at best.   Food is almost bland no real flavors as I think they want you to dump salsa or peppers all over it.   Taco Bell is right across the lot if you are desperate but you will have to really have a taco craving that cant be satisfied for that.
4 Different name, but still the same still of food. It is greasy, salty, and one of those essential eats after a drunken night. Beef rolled tacos with guacamole or the California burrito hits the spot when my head is pounding and my stomach is churning. That is right, no eating healthy when you might have alcohol poisoning. Instead just give your gut another punch.  With every purchase, you are welcomed to pack as much from the salsa bar as you wish. I end up eating a bag and a half of the spicy veggie mix. Although the carrots lost their crunch and the seasoning is not hot, it was still a nice accompaniment to the Mexican food. I also prefer the green salsa to the red. Make sure to pick up some radishes and limes to cut the grease.
1 Yearning for a burrito I stopped by Don Tortaco for a chicken burrito. I got what amounted to chopped and torn chicken rope in a cheap tortilla...no lettuce, no cheese, no rice, no beans.  I hadn't read the small print and was informed that this is all "extra".  "Extra"?  Isn't that what a burrito IS?  It's like ordering a BLT and finding out the B, the L and the T are extra.  When I brought that up the girl at the counter I got that epic shrug that let's you know they just don't care.    All that aside the quality of the ingredients was so poor and suspect that no amounts of condiments or other ingredients would have disguised the fact that that chicken had been running marathons in the desert before ending up in that burrito.   A seriously a grim experiment in Mexican food.
4 The food is better than average fast food. I especially liked the burritos and beef nachos
4 Cheap, tasty, and large portions!
1 We've been coming here since it opened and was such a fan of the carne asada and breakfast burrito but this time our food was cold. They have a real hard time understanding our order over the phone unless you can speak Spanish. Once there they seemed to work on differing orders one at a time so they were so disorganized. We hope this is just an anomaly and am sad to rate them low this time around.
4 Don Tortaco/Roberto's they're both the same: Really fast and good Mexican food. Never let down by the quesadilla or the nachos. Add red sauce to the meal and a drink of horchata and that's some great food.
5 Always good always fresh no mistakes. I love it!
4 Surprisingly really good. I liked the nachos I got the most and it all tasted fresh and it was made relatively quick. Excellent service as well. I had a hard time deciding but they were patient with me
5 Great food, always fresh and very clean. Love it! California burrito with no pico add guac...is deeeelicious!!
5 Really great food, just like Roberto's. Their Carne asada nachos are a must. Other wise a taco or two will do the trick.
5 Yum!  Authentic greasy Mexican joint when I'm looking for a guilty pleasure.  We've  been to these types of Mexican places in CA, Tucson and now here in lv and this place is right up there with the others n its close to my place. Score.  The burritos are big my favorite is carne asada as well as care asada tacos which are packed with pico De gallo n guacamole, they are pretty big also.  Fast service and polite ppl.
2 Breakfast taco was ok, chicken taco shells were overcooked.  Not as good as Roberto's.
