5 Dr. DiNucci did a great job treating my Plantar Fasciitis.  Not only were he and his staff great, but he personally spent the time to educate me on my condition.  He change how I stretched, exercised and gave me advice on the shoes I wear to help manage the problem in the future so I don't have to come in!  He really took a personal interest to address the root cause of the problem.  I've been trouble free since.    On top of it, I got in the same day and his staff helped me sort out a complicated insurance issue having just transferred insurance companies.  Anyone else would have just told me to pay cash and worry about the insurance myself.  Not them - they got on the phone, held for 20 minutes and got it straightened out before I left.    I love that they took a personal interest and took the time to educate me and treat the cause, not just the symptom.  If you're looking for a really good Scottsdale Podiatrist, I highly recommend Dr. DiNucci.
5 I normally only Yelp about places to eat and drink but Dr. DiNucci deserves 5 stars. I had an ingrown toe nail (Ouch) and he was able to fix the toe nail and prevent if from happening again. He is very professional  and has a great staff. I highly recommend him.
5 Dr. DiNucci is fantastic!  My husband broke his foot and was referred to the Foot and Ankle Center of Arizona by several people.  We met with a few doctors and decided that Dr. DiNucci was definitely the right man for the job.  I, being the lovely chauffeur, joined my husband at every appointment.   The ladies at the front desk are on the ball.  I love that!  Every time we walked in, even the first time, they knew who we were before we said a word.  There was never longer than a 5 minute wait to get back to to a room.  After the nurse did her thing, Dr. DiNucci would appear in a matter of minutes.  His friendly demeanor and willingness to answer even the craziest questions was refreshing.  He had a great sense of humor, but remained professional.  All around a great doctor to work with.  Surgery and recovery have gone well.  We will return to the Foot and Ankle Center of Arizona for all of our future foot care needs!
1 Dr DiNucci's office is clean and his front office staff were nice.  They were helpful on the phone when I called for an appointment for my young daughter who suffered from ingrown toenails just as I did as a child. I knew she needed the minor surgical procedure to have them removed, but also knew that she would be horrified due to the use of needles and would likely refuse the procedure without some sort of sedative.  I talked to the office staff and nurses approximately 3 times in the process of making my appointment, explaining that my daughter would need a prescription for some sort of sedative.  Dr DiNucci did not want to prescribe her anything and suggested I ask her pediatrician (she's 11).  Her pediatrician refused, and said that the doctor doing the procedure should write the script.  I talked to the office/nursing staff again and explained the situation and my daughter's phobia of needles and we agreed she would come in for an appointment for the doctor to examine her feet and write a prescription and then make another appointment for the procedure since no one would fill a script without seeing her first (although she had been at her pediatricians a week prior and was already a patient of record with Dr DiNucci).  When we were seen by the nurse and then the doctor they both tried to convince my daughter, who I'd assured we were only coming for a script and an exam and not a procedure, that it doesn't hurt and they do it to kids all the time without drugs.  My daughter's anxiety got worse and worse as they were trying to convince her. Dr DiNucci then told her it wasn't her choice, it was mine (her mother's), laid the chair back and told her to lay down and quit making his other patients wait.  She was in hysterics by this point. He told her that she'd end up in the emergency room with an infection if she didn't get it taken care of (generally not true, but now using scare tactics).  He finally got frustrated with her non-compliance and whipped his gloves off and left the room.  I explained to the nurse that we were only there for a script (having explained this numerous times before) and that we were told if we made the appointment we would receive that.  She had the doctor come back in, who went through the whole spiel again about it being no big deal and not needing meds.  After stating our case AGAIN to him, he wrote a script.  I have written a letter to the doctor, asking for the $66 fee to be waived that we are to pay for the visit since I took off a half day from work, pulled my child out of school early and drove across town for her to be frightened and belittled and for us to not be treated the way we asked to be treated from the first phone call.  Their office manager wrote back, stating they won't waive the charge because "trays were prepared" and the doctor saw my daughter.  They should have never prepared trays as that was never supposed to be the purpose of the visit.  My daughter was also treated horribly, treated like a nuisance because of her needle phobia and it wasted everyone's time and money.  If this was any other type of service, I would have refused the "service" and walked out, but since the doctor came in to the room with my child and his nurses "prepared trays", we are required to pay.  I can't say anything about the doctor's actual skills in the field of podiatry, but his lack of empathy and bedside manner for his young patients leaves me to give him one star, only because zero stars isn't an option.  Shame on you for making people pay when you provide awful service.  I will not bring any of my family back to this office, so it's back to square one.
