4 I went to this location for my birthday last year. It was amazing. I had a great therapist! I had never had a professional massage before. This was a great experience. The building is nice and new, decorated nicely. Undressing felt akward, but honestly my massage therapist was amazing at making me feel comforable. During the massage, nothing became "overexposed", she knew just how to cover and uncover perfectly. This was an extremely relaxing, wonderful experience. This is definitely a nice way to relax. What I love too, is that they will call you when you haven't been in in awhile and offer you a special. I'm going next weekend thanks to one of their calls!!!!
4 I love the late hours Massage Envy provides.  I had a massage from Kellie Miller last night and it was awesome!  She definitely took care of the problems I was having in my shoulders and neck but also found time in the hour massage to relax my legs and send me home completely relaxed.  Kellie is into athletics and I highly recommend her for both relaxation or sports massage therapy.  She knows her stuff.
4 I have been using this massage envy location for 2 years and I have never had a bad experience. All of the massage therapists are wonderful and really listen to my needs. If I have a problem area they are great at emphasizing that area during my massage. They are also good about using appropriate pressure, and changing the pressure when asked. Lastly I have always found the facility to be clean and the staff to be professional. I really like this location better than others (arrowhead for example).
5 I went to this location yesterday, having just moved to the valley I was in need of a good massage therapist. When I called the people was at the desk and was extremely nice and pleasant to deal with.  The place is very nice and calming, at first they were telling me about the members program where I could get a massage every month, well me being me I wanted to see how the massage went. I got massaged by Rylan, and I have to admit when he was done I signed up immediately for the members program, I look forward for my next session with Rylan and it will be longer than an hour the next time.
1 Bad expierience. I am a massage therapist and recieved many massages and been to many massage locations (including other Massage Envys) but this was by far the worst. I had frozen my contract and was considering unfreezing it when i called and scheduled the appointment. I called another location on Northern who has taken great care of me in the past and unfroze my account. I arrived @ the Happy Valley location 15 minutes early as instructed and filled out my paper work. I handed it to the front desk girl who told me "Your account has been unfrozen by the other location". I told her thank you and asked to use the rest room which was clean and great! they took me to their "quiet room" where you are supposed to relax some while waiting for your massage.   I sat in that room for 25 minutes. I felt my phone vibrating but did not check it because i had turned it off for the massage. I watched the front desk girl through the glass door as she actually was calling my cell phone to find out where i was. She even threatened to "charge a full cancellation fee for the No Call, No show." All of the front desk girls were laughing and giggling and talking about their shoes and hair while i waited in the room.  I came out of the quiet room and asked if i was going to recieve my massage. All the front desk girls scrambled and argued with each other over who forgot to check me in. They asked if i still wanted my massage but it was too late and i had family who was arriving in 30 minutes. I left because i couldnt believe the service. I then came back and sat in the lobby some more before the GM finally came back. She was very nice about canceling my contract.  If you want a great massage, please do not go to this Massage Envy location. Horrible service and high school level front desk girls. go to ANY other massage envy location OR look up therapists at chiropractic locations.  The front desk service only hurts the massage therapists as i was planning on leaving a $20 tip for Anna for being able to get me in that day.
3 Great service but the massage therapist are hit and miss.  I enjoy the rates and how close this location is to my home.  I would try to find a therapist that I like but it's more important that I can just call ahead about 30-45 min and get scheduled which is great.  Very clean location with nice furniture and I always buy the 3 massages for $150 since that is a pretty good deal as long as I use them before they expire.
4 I like that this location has late hours and offers 90 minute massages on a consistent basis.  I have been going here for a number of years now and have 2 to 3 therapists that I really like.  I had to try a number of different ones when the therapist I used most went to another location.  They have had a few that are not quite up to the level of the others I use most, but it is not the norm.
5 I'm notorious for abusing my muscles in my shoulders, neck, and back from long hours sitting at my computer working.  When my muscle spasms set in or my migraines, I'm forced to go see my favorite therapist, Harold.  This guy knows his stuff.  He finds all my knots and works them out.  Before I leave he reminds me of the exercises I should do periodically after an hour on the computer.  Just bought my foam roller here tonight so I can stretch my back out.   If you want to book Harold....he is in demand, so book ahead.
1 Massage envy is not worth anyone's time.  The massages are not well and the policies are too make u feel like a criminal.  I also don't like when u are checking out and they ask for a tip.  I feel like if u feel ur massage is worth a tip then u will offer.  And the policies about not excepting an offer from a different location since I have moved is absolutely rediculous.
5 Delightful staff. Have had several therapists and liked them all. Always clean and restful
5 Still using this Massage Envy location, and I love it. I have always had good experiences there and have always been treated very well. I now have a favorite therapist that I see and I like the fact that when I schedule my massages in advance, I can earn and extra 30min! There is nothing like a 90min massage, and Danae is great!
