2 Paid for Lunch is a perk that we have at work and we all decide on a place to eat for that day and we order. Well we have placed an order a few times with Sofias Pizza, The first time we ordered it was okay, but we decided to try it again...They take your order and get it to relatively fast but the quality of the food is not there. The pizza was border line the first time and we tried it again and it was a Grease Bucket... You know that your pizza is a little too Greasy when you eat it and all you can taste after is Grease.
5 Their $5.99 sign for their extra large pizza caught my eye so I decided to give it a try. Really good pizza! I've had their chicken fingers too, also good. For the price, their pizza is a steal. I ordered a similar size pizza from other places and it's double or triple the price. Oh their fries are yummy too, I get those with the fingers with ranch....MMMM MMMM!
4 Great food all around, I usually order the couch potato special which is amazing if having people over (fingers, wings, fries and large pizza). The only negative i have for them is that i feel like crap after eating it most of the time but that is because i eat way too much of it.
1 When you walk in, be prepared for a mysterious odor.  Closest way to describe it is "rotten" egg smell.  And it wasn't an isolated time.  Been in twice over a two month period.  Still smells.  You decide.  But I'd avoid it until they get rid of it.
1 I dont think it even deserves 1star rating! I was starving and I ordered from here after arriving home after a business trip and just needed something decent to eat. I ate a few of the fries and the rest ended up in the trash.  I ordered a pizza. chicken dinner and it was disgusting. I feel like I need to post this for the good of the people!!!! DONT order here, regardless of convenience or hunger.
1 Disgusting! Regardless of hunger or convenience, don't eat here. You would be better off having something from your pantry to heat up or ordering from 24 hour or something. I was so hungry and I couldn't even stomach it. We threw the entire pizza out after two bites. The  chicken was also disgusting. I normally don't give such horrid review, but I feel like it is my social responsiblity to save everyone from experiencing the pain and wasted money! If I was hungry and I couldn't eat it, then a normal person ordering would be revolted. I don't know if they care about their food or they don't actually eat or see the food coming out of this restaurant. Not sure?!
5 I don't know why some people don't like it. The food is good and really cheap too. The workers there are also really nice. Great place to eat just its better to carryout.
1 Well I can't really comment on their food or their service.  We decided to order from them one evening but the guy told us it would take over an hour and he sounded like we were really inconveniencing him. So we told him to forget about it.  I don't mind waiting over an hour but I'd like a little courtesy over the phone.
3 pretty good pizza place. the $20 special comes with a large two topping, half a bucket of fingers and fries. food is decent enough for me to order every once in a while cuz the price is so good. id give it 4 stars if it wasnt for the guy who answers the phone all the time. he always seems angry and impatient when trying to take your order.
1 I can't stand the owner here after a few short or I mean alot of short comings here I finally complained brought my pizza to them after being delivered and they are a total rip off and all the owner could tell me was"THIS IS MERICA BABY" THAT'S WHAT WE DO! This place is total b.s. And they wouldn't remake my pizza after I complained one of my extra toppings I paid for wasn't on the pizza but then again he did pick his hands through my pizza and found one... Lol UN believable then told me to take it back...I told him I wouldn't even feed my dogs his pizza keep it and left
4 Pizza was very good, loved the flavor of the sauce and just the right amount of cheese and toppings.  Got the carry out special which you can't beat for a 16 inch cheese for $5.99! We got Canadian bacon and bacon. The bacon was thick and crispy yum!!  The person that I assume is the owner that helped me had a kinda gruff personality but I did here him making jokes with another customer so maybe just my perception.  Overall I liked the pizza and will return again.
