1 After booking a tour for the Lochs and Glens for two people, we saw nothing with this company. While it's not entirely their fault, I still would never use this company again, and I would deter everyone I knew from doing business with them. Let me explain.   We missed our Saturday tour due to an awful hotel with no phone, no wake up call, and no functioning cell phone to set an alarm. Our American phones don't work in Europe.   Our scheduled time to meet was at 8 am. When I woke up at 7:50 am I panicked, and called the number provided. I was assured that we would just be able to switch on to Sundays tour instead, and I was very satisfied. They simply told me to call back at 8 pm to verify they had enough people. Of course I asked, and 6 is the amount of people they need to have a tour.   I call at 8 pm, and the tour is canceled. Apparently, they only had 4 people (besides my two) who had booked the tour. So instead of counting us as the extra two, they canceled the tour. Completely leaving 6 people who wanted a tour of the Lochs high and dry. Which means stranded, I'm not sure that phrase crossed the pond.   To add insult to injury, they refuse to refund our money. Even though they had the necessary 6 people they needed. So, Timberbush kept our 140 sterling pounds, and did not show us anything. And left 4 other people to find another tour at the last minute.   Miraculously, we find another tour through our awful hotel and set off to see the Lochs and Glens Sunday morning, just like Timberbush had promised, but through the eyes of another  tour group, which turned out to be fantastic.
3 I have used this tour company twice once for myself and some friends and once for a visiting friends. On both occasions I booked the Loch Ness tour from a tourist shop just off Hunter's Square. Despite the early start in the morning, this 12 hour tour I found quite satisfying. Yes it is very tourist- orientated (they even take you to a penned up highland cow as well as a number of touristy gift shops along the way), but it was great fun, our guide was great and there were plenty of stops for a breather and toilet.  If you are going to do this particular tour I would strongly suggest that you pack your own lunch instead of eating at the overpriced(and not very good) diner they take you and once you do get to Loch Ness, not to pay to go in to the ruins of the castle but to go straight on to the boat tour(you can see most of the castle from there anyway).   As for the price, I thought it was very expensive despite the 2pounds off we got as students. The price does not include the boat tour of Loch Ness which is a bit annoying. However, as I mentioned earlier our guide was great and definitely gave us the most we could get from a tour such as this. Just make sure you set your alarm in the morning. The tour size is small(about 25 people bus) which is nice as well.
3 I took the Loch Lomond, Loch Katrine and Stirling Castle tour.  I typically hate guided tours but thought my tour guide (Peter) made this one better than most. He was really knowledgable about Scotland history and made things interesting.  Thanks for all the info on Mary Queen of Scots.
5 We took the St. Andrews & The Fishing Villages of Fife tour with another couple.  A great trip.  Our tour guide "Billy" (William) was great.  Great stories and proud of his heritage.  After stopping at the Forth Bridges for some great pictures we were on our way to the fishing village of Anstruther for a much need cup of coffee.  Then off to the highlight of the trip St. Andrews.  The home of Golf was amazing and the town was great.  Great little shops and some excellent fish and chips.  Would recommend this trip as great start of a vacation.  Get Billy as your guide and you won't be disappointed.
3 Hubbo and I booked "Loch Ness, Glencoe & The Highlands" with Timberbush Tours.  We had a pretty good time considering we usually don't like guided tours.  But for a short trip, this tour provided us a leisure, no-brainer, no planning but cover a lot of ground to see places we otherwise would not be able to see in our short trip.  Our tour guide has been doing this for very many years, who is very knowledgeable and funny at times.  He is a no-sugar coated straight talker who gives somewhat of "soup nazi" kinda vibe.  First, there is no food or drink to be consumed on the bus.  Then, it's if you are late, you can wave 'bye bye' as the bus drives away.  Which, I actually like that.  I rather not spend precious time waiting for peeps not respecting other people's time.  So again, we did enjoy the tour.  Some important notes and cautions: 1) It pays to get there a little early to be the first ones on the bus.  This is so you can pick a seat with the large window (without a pillar) to have a great few of the drive.  This is critical cause you will be stuck in those seats throughout the tour regardless of the various stops.  2) The breakfast joint/stop is jacked up in price... the worst I've seen.  Like... 3£ for ONE average sized single pancake that ain't even that great.  So, best to come with a full tummy or pack your own.  Though if you did pack your own, you can't sit at any of the establishment's tables.  The lunch joint/stop isn't so bad.  You can get 'chippey' (fish & chips) for about 8£ and they tasted really good.  3) Lastly, (which is also my main irritation with this tour), when the brochure says "Optional Extras" of Urquhart Castle & Loch Ness Cruise, the reality of it is, it's really not an option.  I wish they had disclosed it, but it was a bit shady how it was presented.  When we booked it, the lady said those are optional, if you don't want to do the cruise you don't have to.  Which made it sound like you could still go to the castle, just not do the cruise (and we were giving different pricing of castle only, tour and castle, etc).  But when we were on the bus, the tour guide basically says he STRONGLY recommends everyone take the castle AND cruise.  The deal is, he will drop everyone off at the castle location.  You have about 1.5 hr to look at the castle before having to take the cruise to meet him at the pick up point.  So the drop off and pick up places are different.  This means that If you DON'T pick the cruise, you are to stay on the bus with him to go to the pick up point (and can't see the castle), which is just a hotel and you sit there to look at the gift shop and drink coffee at the coffee shop, cause he is not going to pick you up at the castle.  It may have been that he is trying to save some day light time cause our tour was in the winter, but the shady way really didn't sit well with us.  When we booked the tour, the lady gave us different prices for the optional tour (i.e. Castle & Cruise for 16£, Castle only is something less... I forgot).  But there really wasn't an option.  You wouldn't sit in a bus for 4 hours just to sit at a cafe and drink coffee... or I assume that wouldn't be normal....   Anyways, so the tour, though priced at 40£, in my opinion, is really 56£.  Would we have done the tour at 56£?  Yes, I think we would.  And it wouldn't irk us so much if the tour description were to say "entry fee to castle and cruise included".  But I guess they felt the extra 16£ would turn away too many potential customers....   Oh, and the 5 star cruise... eh... it's a short ferry trip on a boat with pre-recorded tour message and a bar.... I guess the bar makes it 5 stars?!
4 I had no problem booking the  Loch Ness, Glencoe & The Highlands Tour a day before the trip. It was for a Saturday in the month of April. Our driver/tour guide was great and very knowledgeable. The bus was spacious and clean. We stopped enough times for quick photos, lunch, bathroom breaks, and snacks. Overall, I had a very pleasant experience, and I would highly recommend Timberbush Tours. If you are doing this specific tour, I highly recommend you pick the 30 min cruise+Urquhuart Castle instead of the 1 hour cruise. Even though it's a ruined castle, it's definitely a site worth seeing!
