4 I recently became a fan of American Apparel, so I was excited to hear they added a store at the Las Vegas Premium Outlets.  On my recent visit to Sin City, I knew I had to check it out.  They have a pretty large selection of the stuff I see at the regular (non-outlet) stores.  My bf, mom, and I were in there quite awhile browsing the goods.  I left with their black shiny nylon tricot legging for $24 (reg $34) and the cotton spandex sleeveless nightlife dress for $30 (reg $36).  Not too much of a discount, but good enough for me...especially since this stuff isn't too old cuz they're still selling 'em on their website.  The bf also walked away with a few v-necks and thermals.  Minus 1 star because I desperately wanted their shiny leggings in black lame (think pleather) because they were only $32 (reg $42), but the size small was too big. =(  I asked for a x-small, but they didn't have it.  Apparently, it's not the store's fault because the website says that size is unavailable.    Oh well...better luck next time!  And yes...there will be a next time! =)
3 Once you get over how cramped this store is, it's not that bad. It is an outlet store, so the prices are (I've been told by an employee) about 25-30% off regular American Apparel stores.   My rule of thumb: you must look through every nook and cranny when inspecting these garments. These are reject items that weren't good enough for the regular AA. You might have bought a legging or slim slack with a massive hole in the crotch area. Or there might be a small stain on your just bought shirt. Try on the clothing if you're unsure, sizing in the AA outlet is bizarre at times. A medium pullover felt like an XL one time.  Once you get past the nonchalant, complacent, hipster employees, customer service is spotty at best. The best time to go is a weekday morning or afternoon. I've received the best service during this time. Avoid weekends! The place is packed with people (especially tourists) that hog the dressing rooms. Anyway, you gotta search to find something good, but once you do, you're glad you didn't pay full price!
4 so i'm editing my review since:) the AA is still small, but i've noticed that the workers are a lot nicer. wish that it wasn't by the strip but rather in henderson, but i'm glad that it  isn't cause henderson is full of unoriginal wannabes and would eat this  shiz up! the prices are actually a lot cheaper like 20 dollar slim slacks!!! awesome deal!
4 I'm a huge fan of American Apparel so to compensate the price tag this outlet store offers a great selection for about 25% less than the main locations.  It's a little crammed and depending upon the person working service can be good or insufficient.  Overall, a good store to grab your favorite AA.
1 Fuck this place. I was just trying to find a tee. Hipster employee #1 kept following me as if I was gonna steal something. Hipster employee #2 and #3 were chatting away at the register and stared at me as I was looking at their rejected merchandise. While asking customers that came after me if they needed help. By the time I wanted to try on clothes, nobody was on the floor (that I could see), I foolishly thought the fitting rooms were locked until I tried opening one. Fitting rooms were ominously dark and shady. Perhaps to prevent customers from seeing damaged garments (hole in the pit area? Hello! Totally not acceptable). As I was paying, dumbass employee asked if anybody helped me. Um, no. Instead I got judgemental stares from your pretentious workers. Maybe this is why AA is going out of business.
5 Spent 300$ instead of like, 730$. Got the lace leotard for 30 bucks? A 40$ bag for 17$. You really need to look at the items thoroughly, obviously since its an outlet. A lot of the things here I haven't even seen at stores.
5 Angel : If you are looking for great made in America clothing, American apparel is for you! The clothes have a "clean chicness" to them. Some people have complained of torn garments. I think this is more a result of customer abuse rather than overall craftsmanship. The clothes are super comfy, and a little risqué (depending on your own taste of course). AA provides an endless supply of short shorts and sheer tops for enthusiasts of freedom and classic American styling alike. Not to mention their minimum factory worker pay rate of $12 dollars an hour, and company-wide advocacy initiatives on issues such as immigration rights and tolerance.  Yes, there are some nude female models on the website. I'm not sure why this is considered "overtly sexual" by some, as I feel the site tries to convey the message of expression through fashion, and embracing ALL wonderful things that come with being young.  I love, love, love their clothes! Although I appreciate the comfort and utility of brands such as Juicy Couture (also American-made), and Ralph Lauren. I overall disapprove of label whoring. AA has the most stylish basics I've ever seen with SO many colors and fabrics to choose from! The sales team at this store is very friendly. I would highly recommend this store!   If they dont have what youre searching for visit their site: www.americanapparel.net
3 The first time I walked by this so-called "outlet" store (Spoiler: prices are not discounted), I was listening to Death Cab for Cutie. It seemed apropos to head on in, even though it was not necessarily in my plans.   You see, when Bennie Gibbard is singing some sweet emotionally charged tunes, and, one walks by an AA store, you fucking walk in. No questions asked; no hesitation. (It is fate.)  First impression was that it was an extremely crammed store. The space is so narrow that it reminds me, in retrospect, of those DLV Container Park stores (Praise Tony!).   The amount of items they have displayed, together with the very minute amount of walking space available, leaves one really incapable of browsing. The spats I checked out were all really hard to pull off the rack because it is so tightly packed.   Notwithstanding, the employees were cordial enough. I am a hairy, indigent-looking fellow looking at women's spats after all; it is not like I expect to be welcomed, so as long as they leave me the fuck alone I am content as can be. Made in the U.S.A., allegedly. - E
5 True, this is an outlet store but the selection is awesome. I find lots of clothes for both my wife and I, that we recently seen at the American Apparel store in Boca Park. And for my wife there is always an abundance of X-Smalls, which lacks at times in other outlet stores.
