4 David and his staff do an excellent job.  The only reason he doesn't get five stars is it is so hard to get an appointment and the location isn't ideal for many - it's a ways up Cave Creek Road.  This place commands a loyal following and for a reason.
5 I think Dave and his crew do a great job!  My dogs look great, and feel great when they get groomed at Lone Mt.  Many of my clients go to David and are very happy. I guess the only complaint is some of the wait times to get in.  Easy fix, book your next appt. as you leave. Patty Happy Tails Pet Sitting
5 David & staff always do a great job!  My Max always looks his best after his visit.
5 David is the best very caring about the dogs. My dogs always look so good when I go to pick them up. David and his staff are all about what's best for my dogs and I love that.
1 I brought a picture in for the groomer (Sidney) to look at for grooming my dog and she either ignored the picture, or that horrible man David at the front counter didn't bother giving it to her, because I had to finish cutting my own dog's hair when I got home.  I will NEVER go back there again!  Furthermore, they found a tick on my dog, and David tried to blame my dog saying she just came out of the pound.  My dog came out of the pound over 4 months ago, and she had no ticks on her when I brought her to this groomer... but she sure came home with one.  I am truly shocked at the despicable behavior and lack of customer service from the people at this place.  As it turns out my hair dresser too said she will never take her dog there either because she had the same exact experience.  With the economy the way it is, the staff at this place should not treat customers like they are the problem and they certainly need to learn to provide better customer service or they will get no repeat business.  I would never recommend anyone to take their dog to this groomer - unless you want your dog to come home with ticks on them!
5 We've been bringing our Scottie & our long coated Shih Tzu here for awhile now. They always do a wonderful job & my dogs look great! Thank you Lone Mountain!!!
5 took little lucy here and she did great.  :) she just gets the brush and bath but leaves so clean a her coat is so soft  afterwards.  their pricing is spot on, in my opinion, and I actually asked to have her teeth cleaned in stead of having her nails trimmed and it wasn't a problem at all and no extra charge.  thought she might not like it since it was her first grooming experience but she left happy as a clam!!!  we'll see you guys soon and I'll be sure to spread the word on how great you guys are :)
5 Dave does a very nice job.  I think he is always busy because people know that their dog is going to be well taken care of.  The location is perfect as it's only a few miles from my house.
5 Called for an appointment.  I was able to take my dog in for grooming right away.  They did an awesome job.  The owner was wonderful and had great things to say about my rottweiller.  I will certainly take her there again.
5 My dog Maggie goes here every once or two months and loves it. The staff is great and David is always friendly whenever my mom or I go in to get her. Very affordable and the wait time on my dog is not too long but not very short.
5 So glad I found this place to bring my two scruffy jack Russells. Today Dave found one of my dogs had not had his anal glands expressed properly while we were gone this summer and the poor little guy was itching himself like crazy trying to do it himself.  Dumb dog person that I am, I thought it was because he was swimming in lakes & rivers for months and just itched.  So embarrassed but thank heavens for Dave figuring it out before he had serious health problems.   Never will I take them anywhere else on vacation.  Better to come here immediately before and after.
