4 If Rachael Ray was a Doctor in Naturapathic Medicine and made healthy all-natural food instead of 30 minute meals, you're getting closer to what Martini Time is all about.  "Martini Time" is a live-audience cooking demonstration that is a lot more than just "hey look at me cook up a steak."  Chef Tina Martini imparts her many years and experience as a chef and nutritionist on the audience during the one-hour show.  She explains all of her ingredients, the health benefits of each and why they're an important part of a balanced diet.  She then shows off her culinary skills without skipping a beat on her presentation quality, which could easily fit in on Food Network.  The audience is fully involved and gets to eat the dish as they watch Tina put it together.  There's plenty of time for Q&A at the end.  Chef Tina is just getting started at M Resort and I was lucky enough to get a free pass the M Resort gave away via Twitter.  Tina does three shows a day, ranging in price from $40 to $60 dollars.  Sounds pricey, but keep in mind that also gets you a pass to the excellent M Resort buffet after the show with VIP seating.  And yes, Chef Tina Martini holds true to her name.  The show starts with a free martini called the M Fantasy which is super good.  You can even eat the flower garnish.  I only wish M Resort would have launched this show a couple months back when it was getting all kinds of publicity from hosting the latest Top Chef season.
4 What can I say.... it's like attending your very own Rachel Ray or Emeril cooking show without having to travel outside of Las Vegas! And the best part..... after you sample some awesome food and even better drink, they let you loose in the Studio B buffet!   Let me say that again.... AFTER THE SHOW THEY LET YOU LOOSE IN THE STUIDO B BUFFET! To eat and drink until you fall over. I mean, are there any places left in Vegas that offer a meal and a show anymore?
4 Rx for food? Using your food to prevent disease and obtain optimal health. I LOVE THIS SHOW! Chef Tina Martini not only provides an almost hour long cooking show but also gives tid bits about phytonutrients and how we can use food to protect our bodies from disease. She has great energy and is extremely friendly.  The show itself only costs $39.95 but also includes a VIP pass to Studio B Buffet after the show - no waiting in that hour long line! It is well worth the money spent.   Helpful hints 1) Get in line early so you get first pick of your seats. Front row center is the best. 2) If you purchase your tickets at the M you do not have to wait in the huge line at Imagine rewards center - just step off to the right ( a solo computer) and someone will comeover to help you. I wish we knew this because we went on a rewards day and stood behind what seemed to be a million people waiting for their free tshirt! hahaha. 3)Keep the information and recipe cards she gives you. They are great!  I also loved how much she included the audience.You also get a free martini and samples of everything she prepared during the show. Very cool! After the show when we were in the buffet she even took the time to walk around and personally speak to everyone. I thought that was nice.  So what do you get when you mix a good price, a friendly, bubbly host and a free buffet? The Tina Martini Show....so go!
5 Went to the show on Friday .. it was great .. she imparts great info on the foods that are great for you with humor .. you also get the daily cocktail and taste the food she remonstrates ... get there early if you want front table seats ... but all the seats are good .. it is a small studio ..   and the seafood buffet at the Mresort is real good ..
5 I have to say, this is the best deal I have ever gotten in Vegas= $39.95 for a show, demo food in the show, and an all you can eat AND DRINK (yes...alcohol is included) pass to the Studio B buffet!  Chef Tina Martini is an extremely knowledgeable nutritionist and demonstration chef. She has shows Thursday - Sundays at 12 noon and 4 pm. I cannot believe we only paid $39.95 per ticket AND buffet is included afterwards.   She is super bubbly and energetic. If you want to check her out without going to the show, you can check it out online at cox69.com or on TV channel Cox 69 if you are a local. Food was delicious. She makes rutabaga, carrots, parsnip and turnips taste gourmet.   Tonight's show featured a pumpkin spice martini, turkey and wild rice cobbler, and apple crisp with pecan streusel. She gives you tons of information on all the ingredients, why they are good for you, cures for cancer, ways to avoid illnesses and more. I love that it is a small intimate studio with audience interaction. I am glad we waited in line. We were in the middle of the line and sat smack dab in the middle of the audience. There are a few tables on the ground level (same level as the chef), then there are two more rows above that. We were 2nd row center. Eye level with the chef. I think we got the best seats in the house. I would recommend middle row center to anyone who comes to see the show! There are two female servers that bring out drinks to you in the beginning, and then tasting plates from the demo halfway through the show.   The show is about 45 minutes long with question/answer afterwards. She is super friendly and you can ask her anything! Afterwards, you get to stuff yourself at the buffet. The show kitchen room is your dining room and the two servers from the show serve you drinks. If you want alcohol, you can get an unlimited supply of wine or beer at the bar area. You can also get specialty coffee drinks next to the gelato area. Fun fun fun! Worth the 16 minute drive from the strip. Only 12.5 miles away. I think I will try to come to one of her shows everytime I am in Vegas from now on!
