2 Paradise Bakery you are not.  I'm sorry, you're just not a paradise to me.  And I hold bakeries near and dear, believe me.  You are a common bakery - I'm not sure how many states you are in but you are common.  Maybe that's your problem.  Your locations are fine.  Nice enough.  You have free wifi.  Good.  But your muffins?  They just don't do it for me.  They fall short of similar establishments offerings in the valley and in other areas.  Go to Wildflower Bread and get yourself a Morning Glory muffin.  This is what young muffins dream of becoming when they grow up.    And your cookies.  They are so prefab tasting.  My wife had an oatmeal raisin cookie and offered me a bite.  She broke off a good size piece and I tried it.  It was doughy.  And there were no raisins.  And I had to look to find a flake of oatmeal.  But they were sugary in that prefab, gritty, not very good sort of way.  An oatmeal raisin cookie should taste like...oatmeal.  And raisins.  And perhaps a hint of nutmeg and cinnamon, not gritty sugariness and doughiness.  Blech.
1 I went today......Absolutely Horrid. I do not understand how this place is still in business. Terrible food and even worse service. They have no coffee, they had the cashier doing soups too, it was a total freakin mess. I could not get regular coffee because they had none, no one filled it it since 12:45 and it was 4:30. So they gave me a free latte which was freakin terrible. The cashier was giving shit away to the customers because she did not give a shit. Pathetic.  I have not been to this establishment  in over 8 years due to it being complete CRAP. Why people still come here is beyond me. The food is mediocre at best. I much rather spend my money at Wildflower! 20 times better products, fantastic service and great food/coffee. Paradise bakery is not a place I will set foot into again. This is typical AZ wanabe garbage!
4 Not sure what the other crab-apples are complaining about, but I really enjoy Paradise Bakery, and this location in particular. This location is conveniently located, has always had very courteous staff, and has been very clean and tidy every time I have ever come here. Here are a couple of the highlights:  - Very clean and organized line for ordering - Easy to find what you want from the menu - Clean and tidy drink area - Dining room is separated somewhat from the ordering line, which keeps it quiet and relaxed. The 'vibe' here is great, and there is a nice area to eat and hang out on the patio if you want to enjoy the weather - Extremely clean and nice bathrooms - Free, functioning, fast WiFi!!
4 The only thing I have ever eaten from here is the bread bowl filled with Black bean soup. I have always enjoyed every bit of it. The staff here is always pleasant. great place for lunch or a quick dinner
5 What a great place...The service was excellent.  Their Manager Fred was soooo nice.  I have never been to that Paradise Bakery but I will stop there...every chance I get!!!
