1 DON'T USE THIS COMPANY!! I called this company for repair on a unit two years ago. They came out and did not want to deal with the problem because my refrigerator was too old. Cha ching, $90 trip charge for nothing. Called another repair company and they came out and fixed the problem.  Today, called for a repair on another refrigerator from this company. They came out and said this unit was too old and they said other company's will come out and fix it and told me the part it needed. Cha, ching $95 trip charge for nothing.   They knew how old the units were BEFORE they came out from the model number. This is total fraud to know you are not going to work on my unit because of it's age before you come out, but come out anyway.
5 I have used this company several times since 2010 and they have been nothing but upstanding, prompt and completely professional.  We have Sub Zero's and Wolf appliances and this company happens to be a certified repair specialist for them.  When we went through a remodel in 2010 our electrician blew out some major fuses in our home which resulted in control panels and other parts being fried.  Tri City came out and worked with the electrician to replace and or repair the appliances.  They have come out several times since for annual maintenance and right now they are coming out to rebuild a cooling system in the beverage drawers.  The same repair specialist comes each time and he knows my appliances like they were his own.   I would recommend this company to everyone!
2 Deceptive business practices, so beware. They dramatize the difficulty of the job to convince you the flat rate fee is reasonable. Then the actual work is done in short order and you are left paying an enormous hourly rate. Other than what i believe are unfair billing practices, the balance of the work, scheduling, etc. are fine.
2 If you don't mind absolute top dollar then this is your company.  Guy the repair man has been out a few times and he recently charged me $150+ for a condenser fan that is listed for sale online for $39.50.  When I showed him the price online he said he suggested I call Sub Zero and was very inflexible!  You add labor and trip charge and I feel like I have an attorney in the house.  I won't use this company again.
