5 I started going to this clinic because of proximity - it's really close to my home. I find myself very lucky that I am so close.  So far, I have seen almost everyone who works there. My husband went went me one day and asked if they accepted male patients - the answer is YES - but it does have a great vibe for being whole person centered instead of a usual doctor's office. The place does feel ilke a spa.  I see Dr. Weiss but I usually get in to see Molly Ann or Sue Heck who are nurse practiioners. I have also had Dr. Sarna see me - she's amazing.  I am also really fond of all of the nurses who are there - they have a fun and helpful staff.  I can usually get in for an appointment without too much of a delay. They also have someone on-site to take blood if you need labs done -- convenient!  I am looking forward to starting a program they have called "First Line Therapy" where they let you work with a life coach to get your blood pressure, cholesterol and weight under control. I have met Elfie, the woman in charge, in passing and she's just lovely.  I also had allergy screen by Kelly Lime - who happened to be a nurse practioner I had 7 years ago at another clinic. I was greeted by her with a big hug -- and a long chat updating on our kids.  This place makes me feel like I'm back in North Dakota where everyone knew you're name. I don't feel like a number - I feel like a person at this place.   I HIGHLY recommend them all! I almost don't want the word to get out too much because I know that they will fill up with patients once they're discovered!   This does seem like an overly positive review..and no I didn't get paid for this :)  They are also affiliated with a MedSpa which is located next to their medical clinic.  Check out their site if you're interested in looking into more: http://www.norterrafamilymedicine.com/
5 I am updating this review... Since my original review, they have been awesome!!! I'm dealing with an illness of some sort and they've been on the ball about helping me and getting me into the office quickly and when I need to see someone for a test they called and got me in that same day even with no openings. I will keep them as my primary Dr. because of how much they've taken care of me. :-)
5 I hope that the patient that was unhappy with Norterra Family Medicine will give them another try.  It is so unusual for them not to return a patient's call.  It may not be as quickly as you would like, but they do return it.  I have been a patient of Drs. Weiss/Sarna for 6 years, they have both helped me through some rough physical problems, and if not for their care and support, both physically & emotionally, I don't know where I would be today.  You'll never find more caring physicians.  You have to weigh what is important to you.  Every office has problems, but you can't always find a physician that is warm, caring, supportive, and personable.  Give them another try and you'll realize what I am saying.
1 I was a new patient here this past week. By far the worst Dr's appointment I have EVER experienced. The Dr. I saw, MollyAnne- was so cold, unpersonable and rude.    I thought I was getting a physical- but all that was checked were my lungs, and she listened to my heart.  Without going into detail, she offended me, and I felt like an idiot the whole time I was there. I couldn't get out of that office fast enough.
2 They were ok at first but when I went in for a very personal screening after I found out some things about my spouse, my doctor came off very judgmental and I felt very uncomfortable. Turned out everything was fine..but I never went back and never will.
2 Been going here for 4 years.... no more.  First reason is that they are all about $$$.  They have a video playing in the office that states you can't ask the doctor a medical question that isn't related to your current appointment.... really? They charge full "doctor" appointment fees for something a PA can do.  Doctor showed up to check my lungs.... THAT"S IT!!! There was absolutely no reason for the doctor to be there.  I just need an immunization!  Also,  they don't return calls.  No matter how many times I tell them the pharmacy I use, they send my scripts to another one.  Plus, they really don't go over the "bad" aspects of certain procedures.  The PA suggested a procedure for me.  I went home, researched it, asked other doctors about it and decided against the procedure.  When I went back in the actual  Doctor asked me why I didn't follow through with it.  Once I told her my concerns she was like "yea, I wouldn't recommend that procedure either".  Not to mention the wait times.  They may get you back fast, but you'll just sit and wait for the doctor.  Hopefully they'll turn this office back around.  Until then, I won't be going here any longer.
1 The staff does not seem to have a real sense of empathy. I would not recommend them as a patient
1 Wanted unnecessary blood work (EVERY MONTH!), why when I'm taking ZERO medication as they trying to "fix" the problem through herbal supplements 5 appointments and 4 months later nothing different...SCAM!!  Went to another doctor and I was back to normal after my 2nd visit!  Not to mention after my insurance paid what was allowed, I was billed the remainder!  I would not recommend to anyone!
