4 It is not a Wal-Mart Supercenter such as the one on Northsight, but it does have groceries. I would describe it as a Wal-Mart Mini Supercenter. It has all the departments of the supercenter except the tires, garden center, optical department, and a McDonald's. In some cases I find they carry less inventory or selection. It is only 2 miles from my house, so I go there almost every day. This I feel qualifies my review. The employees know us. If we come without our children, they always ask where they are. They remember our purchases! They ask my kids how their new "whatever" is working out. They ask if you found everything alright, and when you say no, they actually take note of what it was you couldn't find. How do I know this? Because the next day I went back to that same checker and told her I couldn't find Nori sheets and she let me know that she was going to let them know upstairs so they could add it to the request for wasabi powder I asked for yesterday. And the greatest thing that not many people know because they don't advertise it is their ad matching. I bring in the current grocery store ads from the other stores and tell them at the checkout what price the item is on sale for at "Fry's" or "Sprouts" etc, and they give it to me for that price. So, I do the majority of my shopping there. The only reason I can't give 5 stars is because I have to buy my seafood elsewhere. All of theirs is frozen except for a small counter, but I don't like the quality level. I find it difficult to find good seafood here in the desert unless I want to pay for it at Whole Foods. There are sometimes special items that I can't find there, so I must go to Food City for a special Mexican herb or spice, or Trader Joe's for a $2.99 basil plant, but for the generic staple items, I think it's my best bet. I can buy groceries, camping supplies, shampoo, school supplies, and clothes all in one stop.
1 Ugh, this place is a drag. The employees barely speak English and don't know anything about where things are. But good look if you can find an employee because they're scarce! They all congregate around the produce area loitering and being lazy.   The selection here is also annoying. I asked for Won-ton packages, so I could make Won-tons, and of course they don't have it. On Halloween they didn't have Candy-corn. I asked an employee, and of course the loser didn't even know what Candy-corn was. This store is a a fucking mess. Avoid it like the plague.
5 WHAT??!!!??!?!!    I am NOT a fan of Wal-Mart.  In fact, I avoid them like the plague.  So not only am I uncharacteristically championing a Wal-Mart, I am befuddled by the negative reviews on the ONE Wal-Mart I actually frequent.  Hmmm....  Here's what I like:  You Get In. You Get Out.  There's not a litany of overhead announcements.  There are not piles of crap filling end-caps, so it's easy to get from Point A to Point B.  When you are ready to leave, you are beckoned by a cashier to their lane if they think you don't see them open.   They may even be mind-readers.  Once during a necessary grocery run at Thanksgiving shopping time, the manager saw me looking at the mayhem which was tons o' people ready to check out at once.  He grabbed the front of my cart and guided me to a lane about to be opened.  Perhaps he sensed my desire to ditch my cart and run.  Maybe he remembers me from another store in the past where I have ditched my cart and run.  Or remembers me from when I've walked in to other insanely busy stores, looked around, and walked out again.  No matter, he anticipated my impending freak-out moment and helped.  Thank  you!   This is NOT a SuperStore.  It is a MINIMALIST Wal-Mart, which was the compromise between the neighbors that fought its very existence here (I admit to being one of those), and Wal-Mart corporate.    This is primarily a Wal-Mart grocery store, with a smattering of all things Wal-Mart, except on a smaller scale. Nothing gourmet or fancy, but some über competitive pricing which is hard to beat in a down economy combined with a great loss of income.  Alert- NO Plant Nursery area!   Yes, many of the employees are not natural born citizens.  That doesn't compromise my experience here.  I have never struggled with communication with any of them.  Many employees are long-term:  they recognize you and are friendly.    I even ran a litmus-test of sorts on this store, with another Wal-Mart doubter.  I took my daughter, who historically regrets any Wal-Mart visit.  I didn't say a word to her about how this was the only Wal-Mart I could bear.  Just made her run errands with me, this one on the list.  We got in.  We got out.  No one got hurt.  As we went to the car she said something to the effect of "I hate to admit it, but that's a nice Wal-Mart".  BAM!    If you are looking for the usual Wal-Mart grocery selection without the drama of a 5-mile hike, 20 minute waits, strangely void of the usual suspects (see peopleofwalmart.com );  no screaming children in diapers lying in the aisle-ways, an unintelligible announcements, this is your store.  If you are looking for a decent Super-Walmart with all the trimmings, minus those said annoyances, go to NorthSight location.
5 I simply love Wal-Mart and this is my local and once again in walking distance locale right near my apt. I mean what more could I say....Wal-mart has everything you need but what makes this one great is that they price match ANYTHING....so you don't have to run all over the valley to do your shopping. Wal-mart is you one stop shop for everything from electronics to groceries......housewares to lawn and garden.....auto care to home cleaning supplies. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!
4 its walmart when you need things the other guy does not have i always use this store as a back up its not as crowded as walmart on 40th st and Thomas which is a plus i would most definitely return here
4 Nice, newer QUIET Walmart.  I liked the size of it and how many checkers were open aka how short the lines were.  I HATED the layout, Most Walmart's use one of two layouts, this one DOES NOT.  stupid.
2 Um, I have to say, this Walmart isn't nearly as nice as some other ones in the valley. The selection is not what I'm used to (who knew that Peoria has better Walmarts?) and was expecting much more for being the Paradise Valley location. It probably needs a remodel like the other locations and it definitely needs a wider selection. I would say it's just OK.
4 While I very much appreciate the cleanliness of this location and the friendly staff, I'd really be happy if they would stock more frozen green beans and broccoli plus larger (family size) jars of pickles - particularly as the other local Walmarts do both of these things.
3 A clerk once agreed with me that Walmart corporate might have forgotten this store exists.  Maybe it's left over from one of the corporation's many, many re-sizing experiments, as this is sort of a Walmart Junior. There is no sewing section, and the craft section is one half-aisle of "kids crafts." Every other section also seems smaller than usual. If you're thinking about a fatty, salty snack to ease your shopping experience, get it outside the store, as there's no snack bar.  I'm going as high as three stars because the store is clean and quiet every time I go, and the clerks seem less beaten-down than at larger Walmarts. At 7:30 on a weekday morning, it's a fabulous place to go if your need to meditate in solitude overlaps with your need to buy cat litter or other household basics.
1 A few of the cashiers will argue with you about price matches-one in particular outright accused me of lying about a $1.57 gallon of milk.  At the deli, you need to be specific about exactly which brand of cheese/deli meat you want or they will sell you the highest priced one.  They are AWLFUL at keeping things stocked (they have been out of the makeup I use for 5 weeks now).  On items that are discounted at the store level, they will not look at the discounted price they will just scan the bar code selling the item at full price.  Even though the Walmart is blocks away from my house, it's just not worth the trouble anymore.  I'm back to shopping at my Fry's which is rarely out of stock on anything and the employees are helpful and courteous.
1 As a rule, I only go to wally-world when I absolutely have to.  I have no respect for this company in any way shape or form.    While I have no way of knowing and therefore will not repeat, some of the tactics I have heard that are employeed by wally-world, I do feel that way to many of them are somewhat accurate, which is why I won't shop here unless I have to.
3 I guess if I ever have to go to Wal-mo,  it'll be this one.  Employees are ready, able and willing to help customers.  But it's still Walmart.
3 I had a return, and the customer service person was efficient and helpful, didn't give me any trouble. It's Walmart, so you can't expect luxury, and let's be honest, I shop here cuz I'm cheap. When I'm buying Blue Diamond Unsweetened Original Almond Milk, I'd rather pay $2.88 at Walmart than $3.19 for the same thing at Safeway or Target. They were out of stock of one thing I wanted (dried black beans), but they had most of what I was looking for. I'm disappointed in the produce section at this location compared to the Walmart at Bell and Tatum. I'll visit this store again since it's convenient and cheap, but I'll get produce elsewhere.
5 WOW! I love this Walmart. Lori gave my watch a new battery for about $5! I got some great shorts for $2.50 and a parfait in the bakery for $1. Brittania was outside moving around the heavy cart apparatus because they were not alligned with the parking lines. This is big folks! I need a new cellphone and they explained the Walmart plan so I could understand. Honestly this is the only way to go: $45 per month unlimited everything. You buy your phone. Walmart is doing it right snd its employees sre so awesome especially this particular location. There are 2 other big boxes closer to me but I prefer the Cactus loc. one negative: you can't get coffee!!!!!! Fix it!!!!!!
2 It's walmart
3 As far as Wal-Mart stores go in the area, this is the nicest. Since its newer built, the floor plan seems to make more sense. They also have a huge grocery section which is nice. The store seems clean and I haven't run into any shady folk in the parking lot. Super busy, so be prepared to wait in lines.
1 Poorly organized, dirty, and crappy selection of everything. Not really much redeeming about this store. Sad even for a Walmart.
1 When this store first opened it was fabulous. Things have changed. Now you have to wait in long lines, the cashiers are rude and the pharmacy staff is rude. I witnessed an elderly woman today asking why the cashier did not put her bags into the cart. The cashier sarcastically said, WE DON'T DO THAT.  Angered that the woman had asked the question, the cashier started throwing the packages into the bags. The woman said, Can you please not throw my things?  The cashier said sarcastically,  I AM NOT. ( Which she was, because i saw it ) The woman then asked for the manager and the cashier gestured and said, "OH, she 's over there."  Couldn't the cashier have just helped the woman initially?  She clearly looked like she could use some assistance. I was appalled and went to the manager myself.  She said she would take care of it. Some how, I doubt it. I will not go to this Walmart again and warn others not to go. You get treated very poorly.
3 Good place to shop for if you just want to get something on the cheap side.  The newest store in the PV area, didn't get a chance of going through the whole store.  All the services I received are good, have no complains.
1 Uhhhhhhg...for someone who sincerely loves Walmart for their prices, selections, and availability, this location fails in EVERY SINGLE aspect. And in such an upscale part of town too. Very sad. I hate this location!!!
1 If you could give no stars I would have.  First of all, the place is a dump, the staff is unfriendly and they have idiots at the registers.  I go to self checkout for that reason!  I was having trouble putting a coupon in and called for help.  After several tries the cashier said that I couldn't use it, it doesn't work!  Really??  So I told him the coupon came off the product and that they might want to pull the 40 boxes that have the coupon on it saying redeem not at the register.  Since he couldn't do it, I had to take my bagged items and go to a register.  I should have just walked out with $50 dollars worth of product since it had already been scanned.  Then, I asked to speak to a manager, which at that point a 20 yr. old said she is one of the managers - right!!  I told her what happened and she didn't even seem to care and looked confused.  My goal now to is steal from this store as much and often as I can - cuz it seems pretty easy, since no one cares!!!
4 Let me begin with just saying that it shames that 1) I am reviewing Walmart and 2) giving it four stars and 3) considered giving it five stars.  I live in South Scottsdale by the dirtiest, busiest, loudest Walmart in town.  Every single cart is broken and you would be able to hear every cart across the store if YOUR own cart wasn't making such a ruckus.  Needless to say, I shop at Target instead.    But this Walmart on Cactus is like a Walmart from another planet.  It is so quiet.  My cart today did not make a sound.  It is also clean, and the staff was friendly.  Even odder, they seemed happy!  Maybe it was an illusion, but it made shopping much more pleasurable when people said hi to me, instead of grunting to me. I felt like I was shopping at a Target with Walmart prices.  The store was a bit confusing to navigate, they do a great job making you walk through the entire store to do a complete shopping trip.  But I didn't mind...otherwise I would have missed out on gems like BIRTHDAY CAKE ICING STUFFED CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES.  I couldn't even make such a thing up if I tried!  They also carried by beloved Blue Bunny fudgecicles that Frys stopped carrying years ago.  I am not saying that I want to start to doing my weekly shopping at Walmart, (or wait, what if I am saying that and this is the start of an identity crisis?!)  I know others gave this a poor review, and maybe compared to the Northsight location it is a dump...but compared to 32nd street and Thomas, it is a palace on a cloud.  NEVER GO TO THE 32nd STREET AND THOMAS location unless you hate yourself or need to contract a disease.
4 One of the best Wal-Marts in the area. Clean. Fast checkouts... Including self-checkouts. Helpful associates. It's a place dreaded by most, but some items (unfortuately) I have to come here to get...
2 I only come here when I'm feeling broke or desperate. It is Wal-Mart, after all.
1 Worst walmart eye center customer experience I have ever personally had. I come into just pick up my contact lenses which is usually a fast process instead this walmart only had one employee working so I had to stand around for 45 minutes before I even got helped. When I first got there the lady told me a few minutes and that was about 25 minutes ago. I will never order from here again.
