4 Hung's is where I go for my hair cuts.  Hung is very efficient, very good, and very affordable.    My wife also goes to Hung for her hair (she is Vietnamese).  She often complains when she goes elsewhere for her haircut (saying that the other places often miss spots on her head for cutting her hair).  She tends to always gravitate back to Hung's Hair Design.    This is regardless of the owner being American, Vietnamese, whatever.  My wife usually regrets going to other places for her hair, saying that Hung is good.    The only other place my wife has not complained about is a place in Thu Duc (Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam) for getting her hair done.  We live in Arizona, so I do not think that Hung has anything to worry (yet).
4 i was eating lunch in this little mall when i saw this barber/beauty shop. i needed a haircut, the price was right (very reasonable). even tho the place was a bit crowded i was in and out in like 30 minutes. I asked for a shampoo and rinse AFTER my cut so i wouldn't have hair all over my neck and back itching me. the barber was happy to oblige. the actual haircut was ok. nothing that stands out in my mind, but what do you expect for $12?
4 Great haircut! The price are reasonable and they all know how to cut Asian hair. I'm very glad I found this place after moving from San Francisco.
5 My wife LOVE CHRISTINE hair cut,  probably the most talented hair dresser I have ever met. She is a real treasure to this area. It is very hard to find someone that is talented and up to date in her skills in the hair industry. CHRISTINE is all of these things and more. I recently saw her for a cut and color. She did an excellent job and I actually left the salon feeling great! She took her time and got it just right. Thank you CHRISTINE."
5 Found Christine who used to work from another nearby salon. This plasce is inside a market and the parking is pretty busy during lunch time on Saturday, great haircut as always!
5 Small Salon with pretty attentive stylists.  I've only been here one time but I'm a loyal Christine hair follower.  Where she goes, I GO!  Christine can be found here offering exceptional haircuts for the same reasonable price of $25.
