1 I just wish there was a lower star you give for companies. Stay away!! The whole Idea to have a home warranty is cover the home when things go wrong. All you get from this company is excuses after excuses. Sometimes things are covered and most of the time the part that breaks is almost 100% of time not covered, or they have to order the part which takes anywhere from three weeks to a month. Seriously, you can go buy the parts on line and have them shipped the next day.  They are a waste of your time and money.
4 Our compressor blew on our A/C one afternoon, so I called Homelife late one evening to start the claim process. Everything was of course automated and easy to follow. I had an email in my inbox very early the next morning (non-emergency situation) explaining the next steps, and received a call from a local HVAC contractor before 11am. I called Homelife once that day, and they quickly answered the question I had. Good news was the part was covered under our warranty, so we only paid the $50 service charge. The A/C technician told my wife the repair would've cost $300-$400 if we didn't have the coverage. Reviewing the warranty company's action, I was pleased with the response time and action taken by them to get the ball rolling. We only had no A/C for one night :).
1 I'm only giving this review 1 Star because the system won't post without a star. Where do I begin?.. I switched to Homelife Protection home warranty last Sept 2012 since my other Warranty co price was going to increase sharply and previous service call experiences were unsatisfactory. Today I called Homelife to get service ASAP due to Water heater not working since Saturday. I even submitted a claim online. Never recieved an email reply showing recieved and being handled ASAP. Called Monday morning and was advised they would have someone call me shortly and explained it may cost me an additional $850.00 for replacement of water heater if has to be replaced. Now in the details of what is covered it states they cover up to $500. for water heaters. I had already priced water heaters at 2 different places and found them priced from aprox $218.00 and up.  The warranty co had advised the installation and additional parts needed are not included and i would also still need to pay the $45.00 service call. I advised I had read that they can opt to pay us the $ instead for the replacement. Now this is where it gets interesting. The warranty advisor checked our acct and stated there had been NO Payments since Oct 2012.  I advised that's impossible since I was set up on Auto draft since acct set up last Sept 2012. I looked at my checking acct on line all the way back to Oct and found yes indeed that was last payment they drafted. How I hadn't noticed ..not sure. I asked why they had stopped drafting my acct and they claimed there was a "general error code" and it effected not just me. I asked why didn't they contact me via phone and or email. They claimed they did try to call me. But somehow they had wrong phone # when I asked them to verify # they had been calling. I asked why they didn't email me then? They claimed "we don't do that" then why do they keep my email on file in the 1st place? Hmmmmm. But they  were prompt to state they could take 2 months payment over the phone right then to resolve the issue. I told them NO Thanks! You've already shown your Incompetence as a Company and I will No Longer be doing business with them!  Needless to say I got a Brand New Water heater for just $259.00 today from an appliance store and my husband installed it per instructions. So the moral of the story is: A Home Warranty is Worthless and will cost you more $$ in 99% of the cases!..Especially one like HomeLife.
1 STAY AWAY! Stay far away! They use unethical contractors, and, when you complain, the boss will call to threaten to drop you from coverage. Go with American Home Shield, instead.
1 This is our second year with Home Life Warranty. We have the higher level of coverage. This year we also added an annual contract with Expert Mechanical for HVAC maintenance. We are aware they are sister companies. We have submitted three claims with Home Life. The first (microwave) was handled well. The second (disposal), was submitted via phone message and they never called us back. Since garbage disposals are so cheap, we just upgraded a new one for $110 or so and saved ourselves the $55 fee. We didn't think we would get reimbursed much for our old model. Up to this point we had been pleased with them. Their customer service had been friendly and they had been responsive.  Last week, Expert Mechanical scheduled the fall maintenance visit on the HVAC. He said our 16yr old unit would fail soon so start saving as the company wouldn't cover it when it died. I called HLW to inquire about this and they assured me that wasn't true. I also read the coverage brochure and it says it is covered. We had the windows open and had not tried the HVAC since he had visited earlier in the week. We tried the AC and it didn't work. So we called in a claim on the weekend. Monday morning first thing they sent the same guy. He fixed some things and determined an improper thermostat had caused some other failures. He didn't have a programmable one. He said the one he had was $100+ dollars. We said we'd go buy one. He wrote down some wiring instructions and his personal cell in case we had questions. We were still happy. When he left, there was no thermostat connected so we did not know whether the HVAC worked or not. He gave us no warnings about installing our own thermostat or what that would do to our warranty. My husband went out that afternoon to get the recommended thermostat. He got home and went to install it to find he had misplaced the instructions with cell number. He went back to the store and retraced his steps but could not find it. Our fault, right? So next morning, we called Expert and asked if they would have the tech call us because we have a question. No details were given. Next thing I know, Home Life is calling asking what is up. So I told him about the programmable vs nonprogrammable thermostat and the loss of the instructions specific to our wiring. I told him we had not installed the thermostat that we wanted to make sure it was right with the tech first. He confirmed that we planned to install our own thermostat. I said yes. He said nothing about that voiding the warranty...nothing about anything. That was the end of the call. And the tech didn't call (they never told him) so that night my husband tried to install the thermostat according to the included manual. It didn't work so he disconnected it. So I call HLW this morning to get the tech's number. The same guy answers and tells me he put copious notes in our file about how we had installed our own thermostat and it is not covered. WHAT!?! I called Expert and told them I was frustrated and what the situation was. They said they'd call the tech and he'd call right back. He calls to say he just got in massive trouble and we told somebody he hadn't done his job. We said, that was not true and we weren't frustrated with him but rather with HLW for not getting us in touch with him yesterday and not warning us that what we planned to do was not covered. I called back Expert to explain that I wasn't mad at the tech, but with HLW. They said the tech and a supervisor would be calling us. The supervisor was not customer friendly in the least. It came down to: the tech could have gone to the store and got the programmable one for us and it would all have been covered but because we attempted to install it ourselves after failed attempts to confer with the tech, the warranty for the work was voided. We could pay $90 for the tech to come install the thermostat we purchased. If that fixes it fine. If something else is wrong that was NOT potentially caused by the thermostat, it would be covered. However, any damage caused by the thermostat would not be covered.  Bottom line, the tech should not have left until we had a working unit, and two people at the company had an opportunity to warn us of the dangers of installing our own thermostat but did not. We will not be renewing with either company. I work technical customer service. I know what kinds of customers are difficult to deal with. We were not. We never raised voices, called names or did anything other than explain the situation and state that we were frustrated and could they help. Tech guy...new and nice, but didn't do his job and led us astray; customer service guy....horrible, covered the company's collective backside at our expense; supervisor....does not have the diplomatic skills to be a supervisor. They took advantage of our naivety. $55 deductible + $50 thermostat + $90 service call = nearly $200 that should have cost $55 and been fixed on Monday.
1 Do not use this company.  I own an electrical company and have been trying to collect payment for work we have done with this company month ago.  We have sent multiple email's and call to try to collect and have still not been paid in full.  BE AWARE!!!
