5 I absolutely LOVE this gym. First of all, it's what a gym should be. Nothing really fancy,  just workout machines, hot tub, sauna, and a pool. I love the people who work there. Second of all, yes, they have hired better looking people.  I enjoy to work out, so seeing friendly people makes me want to stay there longer, and thus burn more calories!! The price on kids for the kids club is the same as an adult membership, which I think is a little ridiculous.  I've seen way better kids club in other gyms. Overall,  it's really close to my house and open pretty late, so hands down, it is definetly the gym for me.
4 This gym sparkles. It's nicely equipped and always seems to have enough room and equipment to go around. The pool is immaculate and they're always checking on it to keep it that way. I think of all the LA Fitness that I've been to it has the friendliest staff. I noted that another reviewer said they were pushy but I've never really felt them to be anything but inviting.
1 Well let me first start this review off on how poor the customer service is and the lack of professionalism this store has, my wife initially started her membership when we moved to Goodyear last year in April. We expected our first child so she froze the account. After a year and 3 months after our son was born we moved since I was transferred, she goes into the store today to cancel our membership. The staff member was very pushy and insistent that our account stay frozen till we can rejoin la fitness. Through my work we have a better rate and better overall gym In my opinion. The staff member then told my wife you get what you pay for! So the way I see it you pay more money for pushy staff.  After receiving our documents to cancel which is another pain in its own. They charged us 16.99 again after our initial monthly payment during a frozen account. I called in after I noticed this charge and asked for the general manager, after explaining the situation to him. He proceeded to tell me I need to call back tomorrow and talk to his front desk girl! I'm sorry your the general manager I shouldn't have to talk to your receptionist to know why I was charged extra money! The manager then became defensive and stated I will not discuss job dutys and titles! There is no reason this man should be a general manager if he can't even answer a simple billing information or why I was charged for no reason, he offered no help and told me to call the corporate office! Stay away from this gym there are far better locations out there than this joke of an operation!
5 The best staff in town. From the front desk to the trainers all the way down to the janitors. Place is always clean and the training department is awesome. The one thing it lacks is retaining the trainers. HELLO LA FITNESS pay your staff better and maybe they will stay longer. Other that that I miss my team. Love you guys best of luck.
