4 I call this a "dive bar." But really is my neighborhood bar. Not as divey as one would expect with this label. It is clean, nice, and the people rock! They love their loyal customers and treat them well. You will find me there with fellow west valley Twitter folk on Friday and Saturday's tossing back a pitcher of cheap beer and top shelf whiskey.
4 Went to @robertemmetsaz with @mikescott8 and @dsrthoney. My second time there.  Nice place. Has a good neighborhood kinda feel to it I appreciate.  Had some food this time, prepared by the wonderful Danny, who tears it up in the little kitchen.  I had a burger that was supposed to be pretty hot, and had him add bacon, then I put some Tabasco on for good measure. (I like my burgers to make me sweat)  Let me tell you, that was hands down one of the best burgers I've had in my life. The patty was huge, and the cook time was perfect. (They never even asked how I wanted it) I mowed through it so fast I think people wondered if I tasted it at all.  The fries were pretty good, too. But the nachos, those were awesome. I only had a few, but delicious!  It was a Wednesday night, and they were doing trivia. Their trivia night has an advantage over many other places; you can win real prizes.  First prize gets a $25 gift card to Robert Emmet's. Second prize gets a free pitcher of beer.  You have to have at least 2 players on your team. The questions were pretty tough, and I don't think I'd have won.  The dude running trivia is kinda loud, so if that bothers you, skip Wed. night.  Otherwise, get thee to Robert Emmet's post-haste, and enjoy thyself! And if you see Bobby or Lea, tell 'em Vern sent you.
3 This is DEFINITELY a bar - not a restaurant.  I wish I'd read the small print a bit better before hauling my family there on a Friday for happy hour.  Was definitely dark and we were a bit put off by being pounced upon immediately for fundraising raffle (before our drink order); though I will say kudos, the waitress came by right away with a big smile ready to please.  I would definitely go back here, but make no mistake, it is DEFINITELY a dive, but looks like a FUN one, and I am looking forward to trying the food...   Almost forgot - there was MINIMAL seating left by the time we arrived, a Friday at appx 5ish.  Two round tables with four chairs a piece and then TWO HUGE TABLES were reserved for some private party.  So.. we'd have to sit at the bar which my senior citizen mother was not going to be doing.
5 Great place!  Love the dive bar atmosphere.  The bartender Tanya was super nice!  The food was really good and the draft beer was good and cold.  Definitely going to visit again.  Has two pool tables and two dart boards if you need something to entertain you.  GREAT PLACE!
5 I can't say enough that I LOVE this bar.  The food is amazing, the wings are a def item to get, cripsy enough skin and juice well cooked meat inside with bomb ass sauce.  The bartenders are extremely friendly, love return customers, and can make you an amazing cocktail that will get ya going, I recommend the Jungle Juice!  Then we have Karaoke and Trivia hosts who are let me say the bomb dot com.  They are friendly, exciting, want to involve everyone and make sure everyone enjoys themselves!  It may be considered a dive bar, but it's fun, relaxed, the patrons are so friendly and plenty of people to meet n greet that you just have fun with it.  It's my bar.
3 Ok, so I chose this place because I needed a place in Glendale to be my 'usual stop' if I have to be here a while.. but I have a feeling Robert Emmet will not become it.  I have nothing bad to say about this place, but for being an "Irish" joint (and the "Irish" should be said very loosely) they have nothing 'not domestic' on tap. Budweiser and cheese burger may please the masses, but then the image might be stretched thin.  However, this been said its a friendly crowd and I am drinking my sulk beer in peace. And I am here early, so this place have potential.. I just don't see it. But considering I was looking for a dive, this isn't bad.  .. und das ist nach der Kritiker
1 Seriously!!! When I Came into this place I thought it was kind of cool we sat down at the bar. I ordered a gray goose on the rocks which was in such a tiny little glass and then a Guinness i then asked the bartender to make my two friends whatever he wanted. After that I had another Guinness 5 shots of apple pucker one shot of Patron and one Jäger along with three shots of water.  That was it. I asked for my bill it took FOREVER!  Then when I finally received my bill it was $146.00. How is this possible?  The bartender then got pissy with me. I serve and bartend and never have I tried to rip off a guest. I wasn't drunk. As a matter of fact me and my 2 friends drank those three shots of water. Which was supposed to be a pretend shot. I guess the other two shots were for the owners. Some girl and some guy.  Anyway I asked the bartender how much a shot a Jäger was. He said $4.50.  So how is my bill $146.00.  He combined a tab with some other guy that we met there. Unapologetic or anything my bill ended up being $50.00. In the future I will NEVER BE BACK.  And anyone new who comes in and try's a new bar, watch out!  Their are thief's among you.  You might pay $19 for a Guinness and $15 for a shot of water!
4 Very awesome place! Nice people and they make your drinks just right. Come on by you won't be sorry!
1 Oh sweet mother of jesus!  I found a bar that the infamous Wendy J. thinks is a "very awesome place."  Yup, I was using the Yelp app and this bar was front and center.  Right away I called up my cousin and said we had to check this very awesome place out and see if we can run into my old pal Wendy J.    As it turned out, Wendy was not there.  This bar is in one of the shittiest neighborhoods in Glendale - MARYLAND and 59th AVE.  I bet Wendy J. lives in one of the nearby trailer parks.
5 Best dive bar in Glendale.  Definitely a home away from home where everyone truly knows your name.
3 As Historic Downtown Glendale begins a slow ascent to west valley relevancy, it needs a nearby watering hole where thirsty patrons can party til 2am.  Robert Emmets could be that place.  This old dive has been around longer than I have, and it's shown by camaraderie of their silvering clientele shooting pool with the influx of young, attractive patrons. When my friend and I walked in, we were greeted by both the bartenders, and tons of the customers. It's a warm, inviting atmosphere dedicated to fun!  On the inside: Pool tables, a large bar, and a few TVs. Vintage Budweiser gear adds a nice charm. Bartenders (Jenny & Jim, I think?) were not just a pleasure to be served by, but they can hop on the mic and sing some mean karaoke.   The patio is where this place really shines. In the summer, it's cooled with a perpetual shroud of mist, so that I can get some fresh air without burning up. This is where the sports watching happens at high volume. It's fully enclosed in a giant gate, which adds to a feel of exclusivity.   Some of you might be a little skeptical of the location, but I have to point out...they probably couldn't afford some of the homes lined with palm trees just a stone's throw north. Venture out of the usual strip-mall part of Glendale, and get in on this up-and-coming part of town.
5 A complete blast to hang out in! The cheese burgers that come out of this kitchen are huge and delicious and the bartenders are always friendly! LOVE THIS PLACE!
