5 I have been working with Dr. Cronin and his staff for several years. This practice is top notch. As a fitness professional we look for natural solutions to heal common health and muscular/joint pain issues. Dr. Cronin's team has been very helpful for both myself, my wife and dozens of our clients in the past.  I recommend using Naturopathic Physicians Group for a wide variety of health problems. This clinic offers effective natural therapies including prolotherapy, platelet therapy and bio-identical hormone therapy. As good as it gets!
5 I had an amazing experience with my treatments here.  Prolotherapy and PRP is an tremendous form of treatment to fix and heal a variety of joint problems and I doubt that there's anybody who does it better than Dr . Michael Cronin and his staff. I've always looked forward to going here as I feel very welcomed and I know how effective it is in my healing. I couldn't be happier!
5 I have been struggling with Adrenal Fatigue for many years. I was truly unable to live a normal life because I had symptoms like severe depression, recurring sinus infections, digestive issues, immune system problems and many other symptoms. I was diagnosed with Adrenal Fatigue by another doctor that was treating me, but I was not getting the results that I wanted. I finally decided to invest the time and money into Dr. Kyle and I am thrilled with the results! Within two months I felt better than I had felt in years. I began to learn to expect that I have a better quality of life. Every problem that I present to Dr Kyle, she has an answer. From the simplest think like a wart to something more complicated like anxiety, she knows how to fix it. I take a lot of supplements and had to change my diet, but the results that I get are better than I could have ever expected. Dr. Kyle is caring, knowledgable and passionate about helping people. I actually get excited when I know that I have an appointment because everything that she tells me to do works so well! Dr. Kyle is what a doctor should be! She has made a huge difference in my life and I would truly recommend her to anyone.
