5 Always an easy walk in, get served, ask questions, have them answered.    Badda Bing.  Badda Boom.  Ben: Thanx for always providing such prompt service with a smile, each and every visit.  Mucho Gracias
5 Always greeted with a friendly smile and am able to get my questions answered in a jiffy! The parking kind of sucks, but you get used to it.  This is a corporate store vs a franchised store so when you order a phone through here, you will get it quicker, but I like to learn the hard way ;)  As Linda R. has already said, Ben is the bomb! Thanks Ben, for all your help throughout my phone years!
5 normally i wouldn't write a review for an AT&T store because they're usually about the same. to-be expected service, to-be expected answer, it's usually pretty much the same.  that was until my AT&T world was rocked.   i was really regretting not getting the 60-something gig iphone5.  i decided to sell my 32g on craigslist and started calling around ATT stores to find the next up.  everyone was out of the 60-something gig iphone and no one knew where to find one. all the stores i called basically said calling around myself was the best way to find one because they have no way of tracking them.   until Jaime answered my call. he took down my number and got to hunting FOR ME. he found one some how somewhere and told me he could have it at his store within the hour.  WHAT?! ok magic man!   come to find out he picked it up himself and brought it to the store. when i got there he traded out my old cell case for a brand new one and gave me some of the best customer service i have ever had.  he was friendly and really went out of his way.   even after i finished my purchase he was willing to answer questions for the guy who purchased my phone from craigslist.   jaime is worth the drive. the other guys who were working were also SO friendly. two of them were going on their lunch and offered to get me a soda...and i wasn't even their customer. seriously. so nice.   and i know it was genuine bc i did NOT look cute that day.
