4 We selected Eco Advantage from several choices at a local home and garden show. We liked the discount they made available for our new security screen door, plus they make every door custom (our door has an odd shape and rounded corners), and even fitted the lock to match our existing key.   I think what I like the most, though, is that they screwed up and then made a great effort to fix their mistake. The first door arrived and did not fit, but within one week they had a new one made and installed.   I think this is indicative of a great company and they stand behind their work and their warranty.   Our new screen door looks great and is rock solid. Even a seven foot scorpion with dynamite will not make it through. Thanks guys.
1 Do not waste your time OR money with this company. I saw this company at a home show in Mesa in October, made an appointment which they tried to cancel. I paid them 1/2 down for the job and then they said they couldn't do the job! I asked for a refund which they were slow to accomplish and when they finally did attempt to refund my credit card they charged me again! Unbelievable!
5 There were many more comments about Eco Advantage previously, mostly positive, that's why EcoAdvantage was in my shortlist of companies i would approach.  Don't know what happened & now there is only 1 comments before mine, glad that it's also a positive review.  My family recently hired EcoAdvantage for our porch security gate, met Sam in their Phoenix showroom. Sam is a lovely friendly person, patient and helpful. We didn't know much about security gate, Sam patiently showed us many designs, color-options, round/square bar, addon options, delivery time and approx price-calculation since we did not have the measurement with us, so that we have an idea how much it will approx be.  He also reminded us to get the HOA approval ahead of time for smooth installation.  A few days later we confirmed to hire EcoAdvantage & made an appointment with Woody.  He, again, is a very nice guy, punctual and detail-oriented. Because our porch gate area is bigger than normal door, he explained to us how the chosen design may come out a little differently.  A day later after Woody's visit with the exact measurements, they emailed us how our chosen design gate will look with our unusual width.  It looked a bit funny, but Woody patiently helped in making it look perfect. Then he came in to finalize the contract details (designs, how many bars, colors, locks, delivery time-abt 6 weeks) with us. Glad that we only had to pay 1/2 of the total, not full payment upfront.    Brian, their installer, arrived punctually on the agreed day. It was a cold sunny morning around 8am. Brian is very polite and professional.  He advised the whole installation will take about an hour and he finished every in about an hour (a few minutes early actually) all by himself. He worked out the lock to match our other door key after the gate was installed securely and reminded us about the care. Since we may change our locks to something more secure (3D), he advised us what to prepare and approx time & price for changing the lock on the gate.   Everyone we met from EcoAdvantage is wonderful and respectful. I highly recommend them to others.
5 We had a security screen door installed this week.  The door closes like a vault, is of the highest quality, and looks like it will last longer than the house.  Woody came out about a month ago and took the measurements.  He was very polite and professional, and answered all of our questions.  We were given an install date of the 12th of March.  On that day the installer showed up as planned.  I'm afraid that I forgot the installer's name, but he too was very professional.  He took all of the time I  needed to review the installation.  I could tell that he was proud of the product and his work.  These doors are not cheap.  On the other hand they are of the highest quality.  You get what you pay for.
