4 Many, Many things to discuss here...  I drive every month from South Scottsdale to BFE to come to Arrowhead Health.  And getting in with them was harder than necessary. The girls in billing became super rude with me, threatening to cancel my initial appointment because Cigna had transposed my birthdate, and although it was in the process of being fixed, that wasn't good enough for them!  Once I finally got there, it was pretty great.  Their facility is beautiful and big!  I make the drive and dealt with the attitude because I know how awesome Dr. Craig Phelps is, my mom has been a patient for a long time.  I went to see Dr. Phelps because I suspected I had ADD, and he actually listened to me and had me go through the necessary channels to be correctly diagnosed.  We schedule an appointment with Dr. Brues (also uber awesome!!) and between our medical 3-some, we're all on the same page to tackling what other doctors have either a) ignored or b) tried to tell me was just depression.  The office staff is wonderful, and they're accommodating to the point where they are able to draw blood on the premises instead of sending me to wait at Sonora Quest for 2 hours!  If you live in the area, definitely check your insurance for their doctors.  Heck, even if you don't live in the area, I'd recommend Dr. Phelps. He is definitely worth the drive.
4 I do like the facility here.  It's very big with a large staff and very easy to get an appointment.  They've even been accommodating to me as a walk-in when I first got my concussion.  I was seen within a half hour and I didn't have an appointment.  I definitely can't complain about that.  You're able to make an appointment online (or at least make the request for the appointment), which is convenient.  There's a pharmacy on premises, which is always helpful when you don't want to make a second trip.  The only reason this is not a 5-star is because before I moved, my PCP was a one-man practice.  It's hard to get used to being one of hundreds of patients and not really getting a connection to a single doctor the way you can with a small practice.  I've been trying to see the same doctor (Kimberly Brabentz) and she is really good.
5 Best healthcare multipurpose providers ever!
1 Waited for 15 minutes in the waiting room then once called, waited another 45 minutes in the doctor's office. It's a joke.
5 Absolutely loved this place.  I experienced the best service I've ever had at a doctor's office.  Phone and office staff were all super friendly and got me in to see the doctor right away.  Office was clean, but didn't feel cold like most offices.  It was nice, open and everyone there genuinely seemed genuinely helpful and friendly.  I had a great experience with my PA-C and I feel like she really listened to me.  Easiest doctor's appointment I've ever had.  I would recommend this place to everyone.
1 My first experience was very positive so I started going back, but the last experience... The doctor made a brash diagnosis, prescribed  a handful of drugs without evidence to support the condition. I was never notified of any of my test results. When I called and asked if they could at least tell me the outcome of the xray that I took a week prior, they told me I should call the imaging center and get the xrays myself. They said they would have the doctor call me- he never did. Again, I called and told them that none of the medicine helped me- they said the doctor would call me again. He never did.   I will NEVER return to this place. I'm having difficulty breathing- I still don't know what is wrong and they don't even show the professionalism of following up on test results or returning calls. I'm incredibly disappointed, angry, sick... I'm not sure how to find a good doctor that cares about patients rather than drug pushing- Serious, when I leave a place with 5 different drugs for a cough with all normal test results- I feel like I just visited a drug dealer, not a doctor. My body is not a science experiment- it's not about feeding me pills and keeping your fingers crossed.
5 Been seeing Dr Richards, very professional, always gets me in right when I arrive or shortly after. The whole center has been fabulous.
1 19 years ago I was bringing my children and husband here. This was our family doctor's office at a different location. They had fantastic doctors and we knew them all quite well. Over  the years, I watched as the office became a commercialized joke and none of the original doc's are there. We have gone for serious issues and been given "bandaid" service prior to ending up in hospitals and urgent care centers. I even watched as physical therapists and chiro's that I had been seeing for years suddenly got sloppy and instead of the reliable chiro adjustments that had kept me walking, I was leaving completely out of alignment and telling them so but they wouldn't take the time to fix my back.  After posting this, I recieved a phone call from Mike, who assured me that the reasons I used to love this place still exist. He has reached out to ask us to give them another chance. He says that the doctors I used to see are not all gone, and that they are passionate about patient comfort, trust and satisfaction. I have to say that I really REALLY miss that old family doctor experience where you can trust your health to someone who cares just as much about you, as you do. I will give them another chance because honestly, I haven't found anything like it since. I will repost as soon as I get a chance to go and I truly hope things will improve.
