4 I've been using the closest national chain that accepts my insurance for as long as I can remember.  I figured it's just an eye exam and glasses, just about anybody with the right equipment can do that.  Then I stumbled upon Dr. Carlsson's and figured might as well support a local business.  I don't think I will ever go back to the "mall" eye centers.  I actually received good service from everyone at the place, and service isn't something you necessarily expect from a doctors office.  I didn't feel rushed like I was going through an assembly line and Dr Carlsson, actually took the time to explain what was happening with my eye health ( his words, not mine... eye health just sounds.... strange, but I can appreciate his professionalism and candor) rather then sending me off to the glasses display with prescription in hand.  The folks at the counter were nice and friendly and I really appreciate their sense of style, considering my own is lacking, and they didn't let me pick out a frame that was too small for my head... which I fully intended to until they stopped me with a "Those are nice..... but why don't you try these on."  I am really happy with my experience the only thing bad I would have to say is the place is pretty much a needle in a haystack, if you aren't referred directly or looking for them you probably won't find them.  They are in a small commercial development nestled in a residential area with no signage... which is a shame, because they really are a hidden gem amongst eye care professionals.
5 We found Dr Carlsson's office when we found out that my middle daughter needed some vision/eye therapy to address an eye tracking issue.  His office and staff are great, and even though it was a long way to drive, we definitely feel it is worth it.  In addition to the vision/eye therapy, we have also had eye exams (for both me and my youngest daughter) as well as glasses and contacts for me.  I am very pleased with the quality of service and friendliness of everyone in the office, and I highly recommend them.
5 I love Dr. Carlsson and his staff!  I just got my third pair of glasses from him recently and each and every pair has been perfect.  Being a progressive lens wearer they can be tricky to prescribe.    Dr. Carlsson takes his time with patients and very thorough. He is also friendly and highly knowledgeable and professional. We tried several pairs of contact lenses last year before deciding that my eyes were too dry to wear them for long. He even took me outside to test distance!  Who does that at a mall store?    As for the staff...they are truly amazing.  All are courteous and sweet!  When I walk in the door it's as if they are expecting me and know me by name. I never feel like I am intruding on their day which is what I get from many other retail stores.  Keep what you're doing ladies!  Eyewear selection is GREAT.  I have purchased cool designer frames and their prices are in all ranges. I never feel like the staff is trying to up sell me me either.  No pressure sales is shopping happiness!  My only suggestion is could they please be open on Saturdays, or at least one Saturday per month like my dentist???  This is not a deal breaker for me, however.  Bottom line, go here if you want personalized, friendly service in your eye care. I know I will be going here for years to come!
5 I took my son to see Dr. Carlsson yesterday.  I'm really impressed.  He takes his time with patients and very thorough. He is also friendly, very knowledgeable and professional.  He was very good with my son who can get alittle antsy at times.  His staff was very friendly, professional & helpful as well.  I was so happy with Dr. Carlsson & his staff that my whole family will soon be going to him.  I would recommend him to everyone I know.
5 From start to finish we had an amazing experience! Dr. Carlsson and his staff are very friendly and welcoming. I came here because we weren't positive  but we had suspicions that our autistic son might need glasses. I read a great review about Dr. Carlsson on yelp. My son struggles with any kind of visit to "Dr. like" offices and here was no exception. He has anxiety with all the machines and it doesn't matter how kid friendly the offices are or the staff for that matter. Dr.Carlsson offered to come to my home to see my son in a more comforting environment. It was amazing and we are very grateful to Dr. Carlsson. My son does need glasses and because he was willing to think outside the box and outside the office he was able to help us. We so appreciate his care. Thank you Dr. Carlsson. I encourage anyone who has children on the spectrum to consider the office.
5 From the staff to Dr. Carlsson, this eye center is a step above the rest! Making appointments is super convenient - it's online! And their staff calls back within 24 hours to confirm. Perfect! They are patient and kind. You will not feel rushed. Dr. Carlsson answers all of your questions and provides complete information as well as multiple treatment options. You'll be more than satisfied with your care here. Both of my daughters have been treated by this office and really liked their experience! They aren't afraid to come back!
5 I discovered Dr. Carlsson by a google search as the optometrist I went to moved, and the one I tried once after that I wasn't happy with.  Being able to read the reviews from others was helpful in my selection so I want to 'pay it forward'.   I am very satisfied with Dr. Carlsson and his staff.  It was a great experience.  He is knowledgeable and everyone explained things very well.  Additionally, he noted I had allergies and offered a free sample of some eye drops.  They were so much better than over the counter treatment for itchy eyes.  I've had my glasses for a year now and have been very pleased with the prescription and quality of the glasses.  I highly recommend him.
1 I hate to rain on the parade here, but my experience with Carlsson Family Eye Center left me with a pretty bad taste in my mouth. On the strength of the Yelp reviews, my partner and I made consecutive appointments for our annual exams. Neither of us has serious eye issues, but we find that our prescriptions now change on pretty much a yearly basis. Dr. Carlsson seems nice enough, but there were a couple of red flags right off the bat.  The first had to do with my contact lenses. Carlsson charges a $115 "contact lens fitting fee." I've been wearing contacts for about five years now and have never been charged such a fee. Being new to the area, we thought maybe this was standard procedure in Arizona. Nope. Turns out that when the Carlsson clinic submitted the expense to our insurance (I'm a public employee, so we have EXCELLENT benefits), they rejected it as a "qualified expense." In other words, it's not a fee that insurance companies typically pay.  Since we were already in for $115, we decided to try and make the best of the situation. Dr. Carlsson recommended bifocals for my wife--strange, since she really only needs glasses to read at night-- and we priced replacing lenses for her current frames. This is where we started to get mad. Carlsson Eye Center wanted to charge us in excess of $500--just to replace lenses! This seemed exorbitant to  us, so we called our old optometrist in another state. By comparison, they charge $50 per lens for bifocals. Needless to say, we opted not to purchase from Carlsson.   What's more, my wife has MS, but has never had an issue with her vision. That being said, we routinely disclose her illness so that it can go into her records. Dr. Carlsson asked to dilate her eyes to perform a more throrough exam. Not a problem, but he wanted to bill as a "medical" expense. This would have run us another $300 or so out of pocket, since Carlsson is not a participating provider on our medical. Of course, the real problem here is that we've NEVER paid a "medical" fee to have our eyes dilated. Again, I thought this was a routine service on most eye exams.  That leaves the matter of my contacts. Despite the fact that I'm an experienced contact lens wearer, I had to see Dr. Carlsson four times. He gave me four different sets of contacts, none of which worked for me. The problems ranges from poor depth perception, to discomfort, to imjust plain couldn't see. On one set, i couldn't even identify dreeway signs. Prerty vad considering my current lenses get me pretty close to 20/20, but aren't great for closeup work. I finally asked my old doctor for my prescription from last year, as at least I can see reasonably well with my old contacts. At that point dr. Carlsson wrote me a script for my old contacts--although he told me that they were only 2 week wear lenses. Subsequent investigation revealed that they are indeed monthly wear lenses. Grrrrrr!  The kicker, though was when I went to purchase my contacts. Having never paid more than about $60 for a six month supply, I was absolutely shocked when the office quoted me $160 for a six-month supply. A quick call to my old doctor proved it--they'd send me the same prescription for $88 , including shipping. The next day, I went into Costco and found it for $55. Now, I don't expect that a small operation would be able to match Costco prices, but more than triple the price is a little outrageous.   To his credit, Dr. Carlsson did give me an extra set of lenses for my trouble. He does seem knowledgeable and caring. But just be prepared to pay quite a lot for his services. To me, it's not worth triple the price for the same services and products.
4 I needed a optometrist for my 3 year old for his first eye exam. I was going to take him to a place that was only for pediatric patients, but they were booked out for weeks. I wanted to get him in as soon as I could. I googled around and found Carlssons. Turned out my son needed some pretty thick glasses. The doctor is sooo good with children, as he has small ones of his own. His staff is so sweet. We have gone in every week for what seems like months because he bends them or breaks them and they are always so nice and take care of us right away. The prices are a bit high, but for the type of glasses we bought, and the all around warranty, it's paid off. I am very pleased.
5 Took my 6 year old son here for his first eye exam. Dr. Carlsson was amazing. He was patient, funny and did a very thorough exam. My son felt very comfortable and is excited to wear his new glasses. I like how they go over the cost before hand and give you different options to fit your budget. The office itself is organized, very clean and comfortable.
5 Awesome! Wonderful experience with everyone I came in contact with at the office!
