5 We've owned the Vita Spa Monarque for over 6 months now and love it.  It was such a great buying experience at Sunset Spas compared to some of the other spa dealers we looked at who had very "sales" oriented sales people.  The guys at Sunset Spas are able to have a different approach since their spas really sell themselves, so the sales people are there to help you make a decision that works best for you. That's what happens when you sell a quality product.  One of the big selling points is that the spas are made locally, so if there is ever a problem, the repair staff is employed by the manufacturer rather than some random third party.  It was also nice to see the relationship between Sunset Spas and the other locally owned partners they refer to for landscaping (The Yard Company) and electrical (Arizona Spa Electric).  These referred companies have a long history with Sunset Spas and it shows.  They had a strong knowledge and understanding of the specific spa we purchased and even helped determine spa placement in our yard.  Overall, a great buying experience and an outstanding product.
5 Sunset Spas really bailed me out.  Learned a lesson - Don't ever buy a Hot Tub from the Guy at the Swap-Meet.  A year after we bought it he was nowhere to be found.  Called Rich at Sunset Spas and he looked up our unit by the Serial Number and completed a full repair under warranty at no cost to us.  The Technician (Pete) did a great job and was very professional.  Highly recommend these guys - they don't get any better.
5 Hello I bought a new spa a  week ago. From sunset spa and Larry the general manager was awesome I had look at 4 other spa dealers in the area but no one can beat sunset spa I had been saving for years for awhile for this and when I talked to Larry he gave a me a different price but asked could I buy it for a lower price he agreed I was really happy so if you are looking for a spa you really need to talk to Larry he is really nice and not pushy and he gives you the time u need for all the questions and trust me the other spa places will not give u the time it's like that don't care I was very frustrated that day until sunset spa.  Now for the guys who bought my spa to me on Wednesday they were awesome to the guys gave me all the information I needed to use my spa they where great guys and again very nice.   Now for service I thought my spa was not work so I called up sunset and told them I thought my spa was not heating right not even a hour later a guy name David came out he took off energy mode witch is where I had it set on put it on Stan mode and he was even nice enough to take time with explaining to me how to care for my spa and he even gave me his cell number and said and said to call him any time with questions he is hands down the best tech I have spoke to .  So if any of u reading this post know that ur getting the best spa and service that the state of AZ as to offer and the best price in town trust me I went to 4 others that day I thought getting a hot tub was going to be hard but trust me sunset made it easy and I got what I wanted and I never been so happy with the whole process.  Signed  A very very happy customer   No for
