1 The workers were not helpful at all. They were also rude and too busy talking to each other and texting on their phones to pay attention and answer my questions. This place is awful.
1 DO NOT AND I REPEAT DO NOT WASTE your time at this Tmobile store.  The store manager Jenny is a you know what and is on the biggest power trip ever.  She is very proud of being the store manager though.  Oh yeah by the way.  In case you didn't know if you decide to buy a phone and return the phone within the 15 days it says on your reciept THAT YOU MAY BE CHARGED A RESTOCKING FEE!!!!!!  What a JOKE!!!)))LOL  The phone costs me 100 dollars and she wanted to charge me a 50 Restocking fee.  It doesn't say 50 on the reciept though.  It says they MAY charge me!!)))LOL  I contacted my store in Seattle,WA where I got the phone and they said they would waive it.   The whole time dealing with this woman...oh wait the store manager was a complete joke.  She was very demanding, rude and just flat out should not be working retail.  I would have handled the transaction in this way.  I would have said hey keep your piddly 50 bucks.  Just come buy your phones and your family phones from me and everytime you send somebody to me I will give you 50 bucks off your bill.  WOW what a Concept.  Its called a people business and NOT SALES you IDIOT STORE MANAGER!!!!!!!!!  Good luck though.  I will not be sending ANYBODY TO YOUR STORE!!!!!  YOUR A COMPLETE JOKE!!!!!!!)))LOL  Stay away from this store people.  I repeat STAY AWAY!!!  They don't have to charge you a restocking fee if they don't want to.
3 Tmobile wins my business for best phone customer service(American), cheap phones and great coverage. However, when it comes to the stores I'm always disappointed with the staff. They must be miserably commission.
5 I have been returning to this particular store for 5 yrs now. What a knowledgeable, patient , helpful, fun bunch of people. As I have moved from a "dumb' phone to a "smart " phone recently, and given my age and my lack of savvy when it comes to gadgets, there have been a couple bumps in the road. These young folks have been ever so patient & helpful to me. Derek in particular is a joy to learn & interact with. I go completely out of my way to return to this store for all my mobile needs
