5 My husband and I recently worked with Oscar at Superior Blinds and he went above and beyond to get our project completed within a very small window of time (we were building a home from out of state and were only on site for a short period of time). The product looks fabulous (Hunter Douglas). Oscar was professional and friendly and we could not have been happier with him, the company or the outcome. Thank you!!
5 We had to order our window blinds so they would be ready for installation when we arrived at our Litchfield Park home in October.  We looked at materials in our current location & then all arrangements were made by phone.  Debra took our initial call (the 2nd company that we called never called us back, a 3rd large company had us talking with 3 different people & created much confusion.)) & had a rough estimate to us within 1/2 hour.  Oscar followed up, took measurements in our home and gave great over the phone advice on final details.  When I met him upon arrival in LP, he was very professional & super nice to work with.  Jose did a great job with installation and later we had Tony do a great job tinting a very hot south facing window. Couldn't be happier with this business and their excellent service.
5 We recently purchased a brand new home and got about half the windows covered with blinds by the builder before moving in. We quickly realized we should have probably gotten all of our windows covered so I called up our builder to see if we could get the remaining windows done. They were going to charge us about 4 times as much as when they originally installed so I figured I could find someone to do a pretty close match for a fraction of the cost.  We received an ad in our mailbox for Superior Blinds so I thought I may as well get a free estimate to see how much it would cost and how closely they could match our existing blinds. Deborah at the office was very nice and professional and quickly contacted me to set up my estimate appointment. Oscar was also very nice and professional and said they could match the exact same brand/color.   They ordered the blinds and set up my installation appointment conveniently on Veteran's Day. The installer was there for only 20 min and the new blinds look great. Not only was the customer service great, but they ordered and installed my new blinds for even less than I had originally paid through my builder. Such a great experience.
