5 I have been going to this dentistry for over 5 years. Dr. Glen and Cindy have done remarkable work on my teeth time over time. They are very detailed and take their time to make sure the job is done right and I appreciate that. I have had two crowns done and they fit magnificently still after 5 years. I also had Invisalign treatment done here and had great results. It wasn't cheap but they will work with you to get you what you need.  Also, they have really really new equipment. My old dentist used to use tools from like the 1950s or something cause that stuff was nasty. The equipment at Glendale is all digital and PC based so they put some serious dough into this place to make sure their patients get the best service.  Go to Glendale and get it done right. You'll save more time than you'll realize.
5 The staff is great!  Dr. Bui and Dr. Pham are thorough and fast.
5 This place is my go to spot to get my teeth feeling all so clean! The staff is friendly and the two doctors there are very professional. Dr.Glen and Cindy are super meticulous when they examine inside my mouth and observing my X-rays. Images of the X-rays are displayed on a computer monitor.  The dentists actually pinpoints the flaws in my teeth and gives me an explanation of their plan of action. I appreciate the patient education and their knowledge base. They are definitely experts at what they do!  The office is spacious and high-tech. They have a couple dental hygienist to do the yearly cleanings, but the doctors come by right after to finish the exam and inspection. I just feel like I'm in good hands.  I also love the reminder call the day before my appointment. The receptionist is willing to work with my busy school schedule and there are time slots that go to 6pm. They also open on some Saturday's. Honestly, this is the best dental clinic I've been to by far! :)
4 This place is awesome, they did a wonderful job cleaning my teethes and gives goood advices on how to take care of your teethes. I recommend going here to clean your teethes! Also, it is free to bleach your teeth too!
5 Dr Glen is great! He's been my dentist for years and is very friendly and professional!
4 I had a bad experience with one dentist who is ripping me off and had an incomplete root canal. Glad I have Dr. Glen to finish up the job. He is professional and honest.  Front desk lady Manny (i think) was very helpful in explaining the cost to me up front and honest. I feel like I won't be shock finding a bill from them unlike my previous dentist. Will definitely go here from now on
5 Another great visit in December.  The Dr. is wonderful and I am picky because for my first 34 years, my dad was a dentist and cleaned my teeth.  Highly recommend.  Very fair prices.
