5 We wandered into All About Auto one day when our 2003 Dodge Ram was acting up. We had already had the engine rebuilt at another place and we were terrified that it was done poorly and the warranty had run out. The previous mechanic couldn't figure out the issue and blamed the transmission, another huge expense. We were prepared for the worst. John knew this truck inside and out and he shortly learned that there was a problem with the exhaust. It was fixed in minutes. We now recommend this place to everyone we know.
5 All About Auto Care is an awesome shop with great mechanics! John and his staff do a terrific job. They fix only what needs to be fixed and they do it for a fair price. It's really nice to be able to trust your mechanic. They've been taking care of my Dodge truck for a long time and that's no easy task as I beat it up pretty good on some rough mountain roads. I recommend this shop to all my friends and will continue to do so.
5 I had a really bad experience with a previous mechanic and John had to give me the bad news that the new engine I put in had blown. He had all the prices ready and gave me a great deal on a new motor with a warranty. John and his staff where great and it feels good to know I have a great mechanic again. The car is running better than it had in years...Thanks John  You have a customer for life.  Jimmy O
5 The vacuum pump on my 2003 Dodge diesel truck was running almost continuously.  The pump only serves the cruise control.  I checked all of the hoses and connections that I could get to and replaced the check valve, but the problem persisted.  I was sure that the problem was a leak in the cruise control servo, and took the truck into John.  John purchased the servo in advance.  When I came in to get my truck after the repair, John told me the servo wasn't the problem- there was a vacuum leak in the hose right at the servo.  John only charged me for the labor and returned the servo. He could have returned the servo and charged me for it, like most mechanics would do, and I would not have known the difference. This is an auto repair shop that you can trust, and they will get all of my repair work from now on! Bob
