5 JACKPOT! This place was referred to me by a co-worker since she knew I needed a couple things done with my jewelry collection. I spoke to the owner on the phone prior to coming in and was impressed with how professional and well-spoken he was (you usually don't get that with jewelers in the valley).   I brought a broken Guess watch (my FAVORITE watch) and all my old gold jewelry... honestly, Arabic gold is expensive and I should probably keep it, but I just don't see myself rockin' 24k gold to dinner or business meetings. It was time to let it go.  They quoted the gold at a price I was so happy with, and kind of shocked too because I didn't think it would be worth THAT much. The owner mentioned the price of gold and how I was lucky because it was a really good time to sell. Like I said, jackpot! They also fixed my watch within the hour and I went home a very happy girl. Highly recommended!
5 This is the place to get all of your Jewelry done, period!!! I have 1 watch fixed, a custom diamond ring made, a custom watch band added, 2 bracelets made, my ring polished and brought back to life, and numerous other items worked on.   The owner is extremely knowledgable and looks out for the best interest of the customer. This is not always easy to find when dealing with Jewelry. I only trust my stuff with him and I HIGHLY recommend his craftsmanship. He posts information about metals, their daily value and he's straightforward about his pricing. This should be the only place you go for Jewelry!!
1 Stay clear of this guy.  Dishonest and poor workmanship is what you can expect as well as over charged.  I would never go back.
5 The doctor is in! I have visited The Jewelry Hospital several times for my jewelry/watch repairs and custom jewelry needs. To say that the pricing is competitive is an understatement. The owner is willing to go above and beyond to make every experience a memorable one. Consultations are no pressure and no rush, its really great to find an honest jeweler. When Michael Kors couldn't produce a replacement piece to fix their own watch the Jewelry hospital had my back and took care of it within a weeks time! There is no compromise for quality or consistency of the craftsmanship at The Jewelry Hospital. So, do yourself a favor and stop by the Jewelry Hospital for any of your repairs you wont be sorry. There is no job too big or small for the hospital!
5 Fast and fair.  I broke my watch wristband in Shanghai. These guys fixed it in under five minutes, for $8. I was very impressed.
