3 I'm bittersweet about this place.  so I've been coming here for a few years now. And, it's seems like everyone and their Mom does. Their prices are decent and they never say No to anything you want done. They have variety. I came in one day with pictures of what I wanted and the girl (the owner, who can be a huge snob) got them pretty close. I loved them. Normally, I go to Leo, who is just awesome!  But the other Vietnamese women just make you feel uncomfortable. I got a pedicure today and she was trying to upsell the "infinity package" to me, which consists of -sugar scrub, longer massage, back rub, some design on ur toe nails for $35 and I just wanted my basic.  After I said "No", she just rushed me on out. While "massaging" my feet, daydreaming the whoooole time. I wasn't happy.  Over all I do love this place, and I'm just debating on coming back due to the horrible customer service.  But it's just so hard because they do an awesome job.  Leo is awesome.  If the customer service improved, over all I'd give em 5 stars. But since it sucks, they get 3.
2 I ve been a regular here for years, but have found the quality and service decreasing for a while.   I agree that if you don't go for the up sell, you are hustled out the door.  I've found a few of the employees to be rude and getting ruder.    Yesterday, I just had enough, and walked out.  It's a little sad considering I have been a regular customer for about two years. I just felt like I wasn't appreciated, wanted, or even welcome.
5 I was a lil hesitant to come here after hearing about how rude the staff is, but I needed a pedi last minute Saturday & my usual place closed at 6pm. I called Infinity at 6:10 & they said I could come in at 6:30. I arrived at about 6:35 & they were super busy. The guy up front told me to have a seat & they'd be ready for me shortly. About 10 minutes later he brought me over to a massage chair where I let my feet soak. Another 10 minutes go by & then a lady gets started on my pedi. She was actually very sweet & even apologized for my wait, which she didn't really need to since they were clearly packed. She gave me an awesome pedi, a good massage that was about 5 minutes maybe longer & did a really cute design (see photo). I just got the basic pedi which was $20 plus $10 for the design, I'd like to get an upgraded pedi when I'm not in a hurry. When you first walk in the place seems pretty tiny, but it's actually bigger once you walk further back. There were about 8 nail stations & about 12 pedi chairs. I liked the glass bowls with color changing lights to soak your feet in, cute & different than other places I've been to. Also, when I was paying the guy up front (the owner maybe?) gave me a stamp card for every visit that I spend $20 or more on. After 8 visits, on my 9th I will get $20 off, I think that's pretty cool. This is definitely my new favorite nail place & I will for sure be a repeat customer!
1 I have been here a handful of times over the last year, but during my last visit I vowed that I would never return. My feet were not in bad condition, so I requested just a quick polish change. The girls left me sitting for an eternity. Finally when someone came, she took off the previous color, and slapped on some weird halloween design. I was pissed due to the fact that she neglected trim my nails and had the audacity to charge me 23$ for that for that hideous creation. I agree with Amy, that if you do not purchase their up sell, they do a crummy job.
5 I Have to say that I Love This Place very much!! I have never had any of the staff be rude!! I have been Coming to Infinity Nails for about a Year!! In that year i have had a couple people do my nails But since i had lily do my nails once she is now the only one i will see and she does a beautiful job waxing my eyebrows.. Even through like i said everyone is amazing Lily is my most favorite!! I'm a very satisfied customer and give them 5stars and thats only because i can't give them more!! Thanks To Lily and the entire staff at Infinity Nails!!!!
5 My daughter wanted to go here after a friend mentioned they could do all these fancy designs and she wanted a British flag to honor the Olympics.  So I was a little nervous when I read the reviews becuase I am all about service (in case you haven't noticed from my other reviews).  I was going to give them the benefit of the doubt becuase if you go to any nail shop in the Phoenix area that are run by Asian people, they are all the same. Never super good on their delivery.    We were surprised.  They were friendly and our nails are so fun.  They did a great job on my daughter's request to put the British flag on her big toe.  They give you a little back message while your toes dry before putting on the pattern.  And they are no more expensive than any other nail salon that I've gone to.  Especially since they do these fun pattern.  Other nail salons will charge an extra $5 for a simple flower.    We're going back - for sure.  Can't wait for Halloween to put some fun halloween pattern on my toes.  This is when it is nice to live somewhere hot and you wear flip flops the majority of the year.  Tip: they were super busy.  I made an appointment and got right in.  I did see one person who made an appointment with a specific person having to go with another nail tech.  Stil would recommend making an appointment.
4 I have been going to Infinity off and on for 5 years. When I go I usually request Lilly. I have to say it's hit and miss with this place. Sometimes everyone provides exceptional service, sometimes they don't, but like anything else you get what you pay for. Also too I have seen people be extremely rude and condescending to the employees who work there. Just remember people, treat others how you want to be treated. You treat them kindly with respect they will do the same. Only on a few occasions would I say that I haven't been satisfied with their work. All in all I do love it there!
5 Today was probably my 8th or 9th time coming to this salon. I originally got a full gel set from Rachel and she did such a great job I've gone back to her since! I always get compliments and she is awesome :)
3 I have been here twice now and left disappointed each time. I originally came here because I saw a cool design on a random girls nails and she said she got it here. Both times that I have come I have asked for that design and they didn't understand me. My nails came out beautiful which is why the get 3 stars but it wasn't what I asked for. If you have a particular design in mind you may want to try another shop. They were very nice but after all if the frustration of leaving twice disappointed I won't be back.
1 I have no want to ever return to this nail salon again. Iv had three horrible experiences, but there close to my house and convenient so I over looked the first 2 bad visits but the 3rd send me over the edge. My girlfriend and I went to get a pedicure around 2 in the afternoon and I had to be a work down the street at 5. We walked in and the place was busy no doubt but it took them 5 minutes to even notice me, and when they did notice me they asked me to come back in 2 hours.. I had mentioned I had to be at work at 5 and they said DONT WORRY WE WILL FINISH YOU.. so my friend and I returned at four... Not a single person greeted us and after ten minutes of the employees taking other people in back to get pedicures I decided to walk out.. Never had a good experience and will never return.
3 Its really hit or miss with this place, but I come back because overall I like them.  Sometimes I leave extremely happy, sometimes, not so much.  I haven't really had much luck with nail salons here in Phoenix, and this place has given me the most satisfaction out of the places I have been to, and its conveniently located for me.
5 My husband and I have been coming here for almost 5 years! Best nail salon in az. Very friendly nail techs, great designs, and best pedicures! Go for the infinity it's worth it!
1 I can't believe I returned to this place so many times over the years, my stupidity! I have been treated so rudely so many times. Today was the final straw. I sat for about 15 min at the nail station the guy came over and started filing of my gel polish he then asked if I had acrylic which I had told them I needed a fill when I walked in.  He then got up and walked away without saying anything. I could see him out back smoking and talking on the phone! I'm not sure why he felt the need to walk away with no explanation but I gave him about 5-10 min then couldn't take the lack of customer service anymore! I got up and walked out with two filed off nails! I drove down the street to another place to have them finished. It sucks because they are really good at Nail designs, but I will NEVER go here again!
5 Recently moved to the area.  Been here many times over the past few months after walking out of several nail salons really disappointed while searching.  You can count on consistent, good, friendly service here.  If you like a good foot massage, you will enjoy the pedicures!  They take their time and really do a great job. I always spend a little more and get the spa pedicure ( it's worth it),  if you don't like to wait in line, get here at 10:00 on Sunday when they open.  Fills and manicures are good too!
5 By far the best selection of gel manicure colors . So many you can't decide. Also the colors for the acrylic tips have a great selection as well. If you can go during the week I would . It's not as busy and the foot massage was so long I almost feel asleep.. Ask for the infinity pedicure !
5 I have been going here for 7-8 years. I moved away to Cali for a couple years and disliked every other place a I went to. When I would visit Az I ALWAYS came to get my nails done. Now that Ive moved back im going all the time again. I love Lyly and she always makes my nails look awesome. I get compliments all the time and never have had any problems with them. I get in with no probs and most of my friends and fam go there with me. They are all really nice people.
5 Excellent service and professional staff. I stopped in on a weekday at lunchtime while on a business trip. The place was busy and it was clearly because of repeat customers. Awesome long massages as well as a neck massage included! Remembering this place for future trips!
2 I was here on 3/9 and left disappointed.  I took a picture of the nails that they had designed in the front of the store.  I asked the gentleman who was at the 'front desk' how much this design would cost on my big toes, and he suggested that I don't do it unless I am going to be wearing open sandals (and never would tell me a price).    Once I got back to the pedicure chair I showed the lady doing my pedicure the picture.  She took my phone and showed it to another lady (because apparently my lady couldn't do designs?).    After the 'Infinity pedicure' (which was ok) the other lady came over to do my design.  I guess I was so much in shock of how dissimilar it was to the picture that I was speechless.  The original lady asked me if it was good and I said 'no.'  Obviously I didn't make a stink about it - and probably won't return.  I will try to attach the 2 pictures (what I wanted, and what I got).
4 Been coming here on and off for several years!! They are always busy... This is a good thing because they're good at what they do but in my last experience they didn't provide me with adequate service because it seemed like they wanted me out of the door and on to the next person. My Gel manicure was rushed and for $30 it only last a week. However, the pedicures are amazing!! I don't get designs so no worry about that but the massage was great and worth the price.
5 Love this place!  Good neck and shoulder massage too. It's super busy though so make an appointment if you don't want to wait.  Great customer service.
5 I have been going here for several years now and I love it. They are very clean never had any issues with that. Their pricing is right on not over charging by any means. The pedicure could be way more than they charge (35) its easily worth 50. My nails always look amazing. I can never choose what I want to do so I always say whatever you want and they have done awesome art work on them.
1 USED to get my nails done there. Go in get a full set for 40 not bad with tip. Go in and get my nails filled with different color and charged me 38$ and wasn't even there for a hour! Really?! I asked she have me this bull explanation and I was paying and she was talking crap about me to the girl that was getting her nails done! Really?!? I was standing right there and your talking about me?! Never going again if I want to pay for a full set every time. Not worth it. Going someone where else now. Went there for the old price but not worth 45$ every time
2 I have mixed feelings about this place. Their customer service has never been that great to begin with but this last time the really made me mad. I call to make an appointment and the girl rudely tells me they aren't making appointments but they weren't busy at all so come right in. I was there probably ten minutes later and every seat was filled and a thirty minute wait. They do a good job and that's why they are busy but I would have appreciated being told that.  When I got there I asked what the wait time was they started talking to each other and just forgot I had asked so I asked again and then just left. I'm not sure I'll be going back.
4 Honestly, I cannot understand for the life of me why this place only has 24 reviews! First off this is the best nail salon in the valley for nail designs. They will hand paint, do any design, color or 3D art you want. It CAN get expensive depending on what you get. Last time i got a gel build up which is a healthier version to acrylics and then a gel color and it was 50.00. Wayyyy too much for my budget but otherwise their prices are reasonable they give massages with your pedicure. You need to be specific with what you want otherwise a lot can get lodt in translation...however they seem like very honest genuine employees and i look forward to coming back here in 2 weeks :) also make sure if you pay with your card to let them know to add the tip because you cant write it in after
1 One star only because it won't let me use 0. This place is a joke...they charge you more if you look like you have $. They also slap acrylic over your whole nail with a big brush...cuticle and all...they shape it and when it's dry try to rip it off your skin with a file and then get irritated when you pull away due to the pain...If you are looking for a great nail spa check out Pro Nail and spa by Tina at 67th Ave and 101...infinity doesn't even clean their implements...The bloody file they used on the last client is now being used on you...
4 Came in yesterday for my first visit.  They're a very busy salon but got us a chair right away and started in us without delay.  I had Tracy and she did my mani and pedi.  Best pedi I've had! Super smooth and perfectly polished .  She patiently tolerated my ticklishness :)   I'll definitely be back and refer others
1 I came here with my daughter on May 7th 2014 and then again on May 21st 2014. On the 21st, I was waiting for my daughter to be finished with her nail drying and as I was waiting, I noticed their inspection review posted on the wall. I began reading it and every technician was red flagged. Every single one. The inspector had so much to write about he/she wrote all the faults and flags in between preprinted words, around the outsides of the page, and on the back. For each tech under the comment field, he/she had to write so small about all their short-comings that it was very difficult to read. From what I gathered, it was mostly how each tech wasnt cleaning their tools properly, unsanitary, bacteria found.  The date for the inspection was May 8th 2014. The one line that stuck with me was "not a single bottle of disinfectant/tsa or liners throughout the entire salon nor at any nail stations". When I was finished reading, I turned around and found that management the receptionist and a few other techs were watching me. I asked when their next inspection will be, and they said "no need, we passed". I said, "according to this, clearly not". I got a shrug of the shoulder and a back to my face. When I paid, I didnt offer a tip, and the receptionist asked me if I was going too, I informed her that I shouldnt be paying for anything,  but because I didnt come in here to get something for free nor an infection or worse HEP C, I certainly wont be giving a tip. Needless to say, I wont be going back. IMHO.
3 Had a bikini wax here (I was desperate & my normal place was closed) & it was not awful, but not great. Normally my girl can get it done in as many as 5 rips on each side, the poor girl was thorough, but ripped at least 15x on each side!! I was painful, but when looking at end result it turned out very good. I will definitely be back for a pedicure one day, but most likely never a bikini wax.
2 A very wishy washy place. They're always busy so you're bound to get rushed. As well as they try to cram more shit down your throat to get the price up! I'll admit there are a few people here that are very talented with nails. Too bad you won't get an appointment with them unless you schedule way in advance!  MOST IMPORTANT: When you go in or call ahead for prices make sure you it's 100% the same between everyone! They've been known for switching prices. You'll be told 10$ cheaper than what the grand total will be. When asked why they give you bs excuses.  A few bad experiences here: 1) My sister was told she couldn't get a design done from pinterest. The lady gave her about 30 seconds to think of something else. Then told her "I don't have time to wait for you so pick now" lol it was unprovoked and rude.   2) Guy that usually does our nails became an asshole the moment my sister wanted something cheaper.  3) Another weird instance was we were told someone named "lily" was very good with nails. When we asked for her, the man immediately got defensive! He told us no one named lily has ever worked there. I swear I turned around and on one of the uv lights it said "lily" lol. Thought that was strange.  You may end up enjoying this place. I don't feel comfortable with people who can't be consistent with kindness or honest.
