5 The husband and I have been fans of chiropractic care for years. We've been seeing Dr. Wasserman for around 6 years now, maybe longer. She's compassionate and really knows how the spine and body work. I know there are many who still think chiropractic care is one of those "fake" medical things, but if I didn't feel better after an adjustment I wouldn't go. I had actually stopped going for about 5 years, and just recently went back due to tweaking my mid-back during a weekend of standing around at the Phoenix ComiCon. There is also a massage therapist on staff. If you're in the East Valley and are looking for a chiropractor, I definitely recommend Dr. Wasserman. She is also very affordable without insurance, and can work with you on payments.
4 Met the massage therapist this week. With all the half-marathon training I'm doing I just needed some extra work. She's very nice and knows her stuff. Also had some good recommendations on keeping yourself loose and flexible. Prices are fairly reasonable too. She's a bit soft so if you want her to really dig in and get those knots out, you have to tell her. She also has limited hours. Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday from 3:30-6:30.
5 I am so excited to be pain free! If you have pain, check out what Gilbert Physical Medicine has to offer. The staff is friendly and helpful, the office is functional and beautiful, and the care that I've received is effective. Check out the trigger point therapy. It has added to the benefits I receive from Dr Wasserman's chiropractic treatments.  Life is so much sweeter without the drain from pain.
5 The staff is stellar and the faciltiy is top notch.  Everyone at the practice is very caring and listens  to all your needs.  its not very common now to find a Great FNP(Celeste)  and Great Chiros (Dr. Wasserman, Dr. Krahl)  in the same facility let alone a complete staff as good as here.  i would highly recommend to everyone.
5 I utilized treatment here for several years until recently venturing elsewhere.  As the old saying goes, if it isn't broken, don't fix it.  This is the place to go in the Gilbert/East Valley region.  Dr. Wasserman has established a vibrant business and it continues to flourish.  From my perspective, this is due to both excellent service and staffing.  Dr. Krahl is a very attentive practicioner, who listens to her patient's concerns and provides effective treatment.  The support staff is large enought to ensure you are attended to both before and after each treatment segment.  You won't have to figure out how to extract yourself from a decompression harness because the bell rang ten minutes ago and you've become an afterthought.  Plus, if I forget to schedule a maintenance visit they will either give me a call or send me a reminder that I am probably due for a therapy session.  Dr. Wasserman's practice has grown from a small strip mall office to half of a medical building, and has now expanded to the entire building.  That is proof of a sound practice.  When you can grow in a down economy, it means that you are providing a valuable service at a price that represents value.
5 I have been taking my teenager here for a couple months and am very happy with their services! My daughter has back and neck problems and every visit, the GPM team is very attentive. From teaching her conditioning excersizes, administering laser and electro therapy to the adjustment, everything is on point. We never have to wait and we feel at home because the staff is really welcoming. My daughter felt such a difference after a few visits and looks forward to her appointments. They also offer so much more than chiro care, and they are great at dealing with insurance. I choose this place because of the yelp reviews and have not been disappointed. I live in Tempe but will continue to drive to Gilbert because I have found the right place!
5 Dr. Casady has helped me with my lower back issues and showed me x-rays of where the pain was coming from and why.. They have helped me a great deal and have an extremely friendly staff !!!
