5 You don't want to shop at Tiffany or Cartier . . . you'll get what everyone else gets, even though it's a name brand. A special piece of jewelry should be just that . . . and created for you by someone who "gets" who you are, and gives you the opportunity to play a big part in your own design.   I met Scott, the owner of Addison Taylor Fine Jewelry, through another jeweler who referred me to him for an appraisal of my mother's diamond ring. When I went up in the elevator and rang the doorbell, it hearkened back to the jewelers in NYC or other East Coast metro areas. It was a long time since I rang a buzzer for entry!!!   Scott is amazing! He is so welcoming and open. He's a good listener and also a great story teller. He gets to know you and you also get to know him. He asks questions. You immediately feel like he's a part of your family, and you a part of his. Together, we created the most beautiful setting for my mother's diamond ring, and at his suggestion we took the old setting which had ballerina set diamonds and made it look up to date and new by setting it with a large center black diamond. Stunning! His idea! I get so many compliments on both of them.   Scott's showroom is full of amazing jewelry, including some extraordinary watches. What he carries runs the gamut, from wallet friendly to off the hook expensive! I am always excited to see what he has in store! He also carries an ample supply of men's jewelry, so don't feel awkward dragging your male friend or significant other to see him . . . believe me, he will not want to leave empty-handed!   When you want something special, Addison Taylor Fine Jewelry is the place to go!
5 Scott Berger, the owner, is by far the most friendly passionate jeweler in town. I dare you to find a better man for the job.
5 I highly recommend Addison Taylor Fine Jewelry.  The prices are fair, and the quality cannot be surpassed.  Scott takes the time to get to know you as an individual so that the jewelry he creates is as individual as you are.
5 Referred by a friend.  We walked in and were immediately and personally greeted by Scott who really took the time to get to know us before showing us around.  He let us browse by ourselves and never pressured us at all.  Scott then showed us how he designs the jewelry and casts and cuts it right on site.  What a great process.  No doubt he is the artist and he could take our ideas and shape them into wonderful!! And, there is plenty there to choose from on site. He is considered our personal jeweler now.  I now have a few solid pieces from Scott....and I wear them all the time and never get tired of them.  I always get compliments and "where did you get that?" comments.  I am glad to share as I know they will get something unique too!!  Susan N.
5 Scott Berger is amazing.  Purchasing an engagement ring is a very stressful process. Rarely do you get good advice on where to go.  Mostly, it's where not to go.  Scott took the stress out of this process that other stores created.  Engagement or other jewelry should be an enjoyable experience.  If that's what you're looking for, give Scott a call.
