5 I know, I know.. I can hear you say, "What? 5 star a Walmart?!" But YES.   This A+review is given only to the car service department. I went there because my husband said that he noticed some oil leaking under my car the night before. Since that last oil change I had was at another Walmart, I decided to stop by and see if these guys could help me out.   They immediately greeted me and listened to my concerns. They inspected it and found out it was my gasket leaking and replaced it for free.. and admitted that the other Walmart should have seen this problem in the beginning. I was thinking that this was going to turn into an expensive car fix from the beginning but they proved me wrong. I was in and out in about 30 minutes and my car was fixed for free. Thank you!
2 A wallmart is a wallmart just this one is one of thoes messier and less orginized ones.
4 It's a WalMart. Lots of cheap things and underpaid employees. Has ammo, but no guns?
4 I like the pharmacy here and I can buy most of everything I want/need here.
1 got here this morning. Just had rotator cuff surgery few weeks earlier.  so Im wearing the giant arm sling thing wile shopping. I get to the check out. Only express lane open, 20 items or less. Cashier says come on through. 30 second later i have a line behind me 20 feet long of moms and there little children. They all have like 6 items. I have 150 items. I can barly move to put all of my stuff on the treadmill. All of  the managers watched me struggle as did all of the soccer moms behind me.no help at all. Just irritated sighs from the soccer moms. Wow. Thanks everybody. Im not mad at there selfishness and rudeness. What i did do was every other item i did that price comparison crap that everybody does at Walmart. I went as slow as i possibly could. My little revenge. Ha ha.      Its walmart. Super cheap. Underpaid employees. Lazy rude managers. Big sunrise.     alot of the customers are lazy and rude to. Oh well.
1 let me just start by saying I loath Walmart!!!! this one in particular makes me want to stab myself in the femur with a fork!!!!!!!!!!!! the customer service is non-existant and blood shoots out of my eyes so much when I come here that I get dizzy now. I will start going to target acrossed the street from now on as I value my sanity and my femur.
2 Customer service is missing for the most part but not the worst. Management is a joke and lazy or rude if not both. Good idea to check packaging of items especially electronics and try to get the customer service you deserve so maybe it becomes something they do on their own.
1 Seriously what ever happened to 3'a a crowd slogan of stores in the past? There are 3 regular lanes open, and 1 20 item or less lane. I've looked at all lanes and there are 5-6 people in each. Yet they built 22 lanes. Why build them if you don't use them walmart? This is why I hate this store!
1 Every time I coming to the store it's like kicking myself square in the junk  over and over. The customer service seems to get worse and worse.  I told them that the price labels are wrong and some one should check them, the cashier looked at me like I was speaking German!! Next time I contemplate coming into the store I think I'll hit myself in the head with a hammer and see if I still feel like going after that. I suppose this is part of the high cost of low prices.
3 Walmart-the founder of cheap pricing. Decent location, never had an issue with the staff, bathrooms are ok-nothing special. The bonus of visiting a walmart is the clientele. Just like after watching Jerry Springer, you'll leave this place feeling better about yourself!
