1 I am very disappointed with this practice. I would not recommend them unless you need allergy shots. This appears to be all they are really interested in doing - quick and easy. I developed several allergies (food and environmental) after never having any, and I visited them for testing. They sent me to a lab for blood tests, but after multiple calls and several weeks I could not get them to provide my results. The medical assistant said the physician was on vacation then said the doctor was really busy but would call soon with the results - it has been several weeks now. Meanwhile, the office has called me 2 times to try to get my to sign up for allergy shots, but the persons says they cannot provide my results because the physician must do it. Very frustrating!
4 This was my first visit to this doctor for my son. I have to say I was impressed and very happy with the visit. When we first called it unfortunately took 2 weeks to get an appointment, but this is a specialist so appointments are a little harder to get. When we arrived the office staff was very friendly and informative on what was needed and how long it would take to get back to the doctor. Once we got back to a room the nurse came right in and got all of my sons info and took his vitals. 10 minutes later the doctor came in to disucss what was needed to run the allergy tests on my son. He was very nice, professional and personable. My son was very comfortable when the nurses came in to do the tests and it only took 15 minutes to get the results. unfortunately we didn't figure out what was wrong with my son, but the doctor gave us a few options on what we can start with. I am hoping the medicine he recommended will help my sons nose clear up and not keep constantly running 10 months out of the year. I would recommend this doctor to friends and family for I felt like he spent a good amount of time with me and my son to help us figure out what might be wrong with him and what he could do to help figure it out.
1 First appointment we ever had here my daughter and I waited two hours past our appointment time. We finally left, it was ridiculous.
