5 These people are FANTASTIC!  People that I trust and value beyond what I can tell say!
1 I went to the doctor on a Wednesday, they gave a prescription for a compound. With my prescription came with a referral to get it filled at Potter's House that is right next door to them. I would say that was convenient for me.  I also thought, they probably recommend them with all their patients and get a kickback for doing so. Getting back on track, i gave the girl at the front desk my prescription to be filled, she took all my information and asked if i would like to get a text when my prescription is filled, i thought, okay, but i'm just going to be here anyways waiting for it . She said that it will be 24-48 hours to fill it. I'm shocked, i asked why and  she said they have to make it. okay, they "specialize" in compounding, right? The building is huge. I still can't get beyond the fact it's going to take that long. I need my relief today please.  Here is their hours Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Closed weekends, I got my text that my prescription was ready at 2:30 pm Monday.  Let's talk about the front counter, they have two registers, which i thought was to close together. This lady next to me, i felt like i was invading her and vice verse, no privacy.   Apparently, i don't know how this works.     Maybe someone should explain how this place works from the very beginning.    With my insurance, i paid $60  I suggest, if you can find somewhere else to go with better hours and can get your prescription faster, do it!  Proceed with caution if you don't know how these compounding pharmacy's work.
5 I had been going to another compounding pharmacy, but noticed that everytime I refilled a prescription, it would cost $5 or $6 more. after a year, two of my prescriptions doubled in price, and I also noticed that there was not enough to get me through the 3 months my Dr. said they should last! I started to look around and found The Potter's House Apothecary and called them first. I was quoted prices by Kevin who I think it the owner. Anyway, the prices he quoted me were the same as I had originally been charged at the other place.  I called my Dr. and she sent in the prescriptions for them to fill. I then noticed something else the next day when I picked them up. The two toil-click dispensers were totally full! They never were at the other place. Also, at "The other place" I found that they were not open on the weekends and closed at 5PM Monday thru Friday. that made it difficult for someone like me who works for a living and doesn't arrive home until after 5PM most evenings. I think that if you go to a compounding pharmacy, because they make your medications right there for you, you do have to wait for your medications to be prepared. I am extremely happy with the Potters House even though it is a little farther to go - I can get there after work because they close at 6PM. I highly recommend The Potter's House Apothecary in Peoria, AZ
