3 The optometrists here are very good at what they do.  The office is very clean and well organized and you rarely have to wait long.  Unfortunately, their selection of eyeglass frames is very limited and the prices are high.  They also try to up sell you with add-ons like scratch resistant coating or light adjusting lenses.  I do recommend this place as long as you have good insurance and are not on a tight budget.
3 Dr Stamper was great but she is no longer at this location. My husband's annual 2 pair of glasses for both regular use and motorcycling have always exceeded our expectations. Yet their website is absolutely useless for making appointments or any type of contact. Following is my recent contact via email:  Date: Mon, Jun 25, 2012 at 1:35 PM Subject: another request from you for confirmation of non existent appointment To:  chandler@2020image.com  Yet another text message was received from you today regarding a non existent appointment. Remove from your list. Do NOT call, do NOT text.   Date: Fri, Jun 22, 2012 at 2:43 PM Subject: still getting incorrect notification by text message To: chandler@2020image.com  Text message just received confirming an appointment for July 13. As mentioned in prior email, an appointment for July 13 was never made. On June 13 your office was notified of same and replied but obviously you never cancelled your July 13 from your system.  On Wed, Jun 13, 2012 at 9:33 AM, chandler@2020image.com wrote:  Unfortunately due to Dr. Stamper leaving our practice, appointments and days have recently been switched around and unfortunately July 16th is no longer an available day, please let me know when I can reschedule you for a more convenient time and day. Again, I apologize for the inconvenience. Thank you, ML (Yelper removed name)       Subject: conflicting appointment dates and times received from your     Chandler Office         Date: Wed, June 13, 2012 1:17 am     To: chandler@2020image.com      Appointment for 1pm on July 16 was booked and confirmed June 5 online. On June 12 postcard was received indicating appointment is July 13 at 2:30pm.  July 13 was never requested as I long ago had commitments for that date.
4 This review update is long overdue but I just had to raise them up a star because of the continuing excellent level of care that I have received from the eye doctors and staff here. The optometrists are all extremely knowledgeable and explain your options in a way that is easy to understand and pressure free. I have seen a variety of doctors in this office over the last few years and all were excellent. The office staff is also on top of their game. They are very pleasant and easy to work with and I have never had to wait for more than a few minutes when arriving for my appointment (a lot more than I can say for most Dr's offices).  The best experience I had was a few months ago when I needed both new glasses and gas permeable hard contacts at the same time and also a full eye exam to get my prescription up to date. I was in an overlap period where I was covered both under my husband's insurance as well as a policy I had recently gotten from my job. The office manager at 20/20 went out of her way to figure out what to claim under which policy in order to have the lowest out of pocket expense for me. She spent a lot of time on this and I really appreciated the extra effort. It was above and beyond. The only thing that keeps them from five stars is that I do still think that their frames are a little pricey compared to other places but on this occasion I was reusing my old ones so I had no complaints. ;0)
5 Amazing customer service. Here from out of town with an urgent glass repair need. They were fast and friendly!
4 Office staff was very friendly and helpful and they were able to accommodate my schedule. The individual who helped me with my glasses knew I would be going out of town the following weekend and even offered to put a rush order on my glasses with no extra charge. Dr. Jason McCord was very friendly and will be happy to visit him again in the future for my eye needs. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is I wish this office had a little more of a selection available for frames.
1 I love going to 20/20 for the prescription as it is always right. The rest of the experience this time was less than enjoyable. Dr. McCord was stuck on selling us the progressive lenses and he wouldn't listen to me when I brought up other options. He didn't listen to my needs nor find an alternative option to the progressives.  I had a chance to think about it for a few months while I did research and spoke to people who had them and I decided I didn't want them. I went back to order my glasses and spoke with Katie at the Chandler office and I explained I wanted to order the regular lenses without any progressive lenses. She didn't understand why I would't order the progressive lenses. I explained in doing my research, I found people who would be nauseous, dizzy, and it takes about a month to adjust to them for some people. I don't have a month to adjust as I need them for work. She said she wouldn't argue any of those things but she was still pushing they would be best for me.  The glasses I wanted would be $485 for the progressive where as if I just ordered what I wanted, I would be looking at $243. Big difference! Katie would not let up. She spoke down to me and acted like I was an idiot for not wanting the progressive lenses.  I decided there had to be another option, so I looked at ordering my glasses online. If you go to www.ZinniOptical.com you can find glasses starting at $6.95 for nice looking frames. All you need is your prescription and you can order them online.   You can download a photo and go through several different frames from you own home and see what they would  look like on you. I should be getting my glasses in 14 days and they were only $85 with scratch coating, UA, UVB on all glasses, free anti-glare. Great selection. My husband and I were both able to get prescription glasses for $27.99. For that price, you can get more than one pair! My husband even got the magnetic sunglass lenses for his.  The most frustrating thing is to go somewhere to purchase a product or service and running into a pushy salesman/woman  telling us what we should buy because of what they get out of it. Thanks any way Katie but we decided to take our business elsewhere.
