5 After a month of searching crappy places, Internet sales, tent events, awkward warehouses, my boyfriend and I came across this places as we were tossing up the white flag on our way to Ikea. It's clean, straight forward, and Chuck our sales guy was super helpful and not pushy. While they do have discounted and clearance mattresses they are the only ones I've found that give a 10 year warranty AND a 30 day comfort trial period on all their mattresses. How rad is that? I'd totally recommend them to anyone. :) thanks guys for making this so easy, wish we came here first!
2 After purchasing our mattress with R & S we tried sleeping on it and it was as hard as a rock. We went to exchange with their 30 day guarantee and we're met with flack. The sales person said that we needed to give it more time, that he didn't think he could help us. After arguing our case and not understanding why you would want to take back a longer used mattress, he let us lay on other ones.  We were trapped to pick one and did, for $200 more he said. Total now $1600. He also Told us that it is as-is only because they replaced the top cover.  We would have never paid that for a not new mattress but we felt under pressure.  After a month the mattress had hardly any support. After 3 months you could see our body indentions and we are not heavy people.  I am now stuck with the mattress and nobody will buy it. We purchased a new mattress with a great warranty at Macy's for $1400. They also have a 60 day guarantee
5 My wife and I fell into the Ikea mattress trap when we purchased our first bed together about 5 years ago. When we finally decided we were done with sleeping on a glorified futon mattress we started looking around for a new mattress. Most stores prices were ridiculous for the mattress sets we liked. We had seen the signs for R&S around so we decided to check it out, and I am glad we did. The prices were way better than other stores that we looked at and the staff was great. The delivery guy was polite and very friendly.   We were not sleeping well on the first mattress we picked so we exchanged it for another one that was an equal value with NO PROBLEMS.The employees assured us that if we still did not like this second choice that we had another full 30 days to bring it back and exchange it for another.
5 My husband and I visited many mattress retailers in the Tempe area to find the best deal, mattress, and guarantee. We were paranoid about buying from anyone who wouldn't replace the mattress or would charge an arm and a leg to do so. We also got pretty tired of the rigamarole of salesmen.  Ultimately, we liked the selection at R&S, especially the Brooklyn Bedding mattresses (their own brand). I was a bit nervous about buying a brand I didn't know but did lots of research online (including sleeplikethedead.com and themattressunderground.com) and was reassured. Chuck was really patient and informative, letting us lie on mattresses for 15 minutes or more and explaining the benefits of each one. He also said that if we were not happy he could exchange our mattress at no charge (if we wanted a different mattress we'd just pay or be refunded the difference in cost). Then he offered us a really nice deal on the one we liked: the Brooklyn Bedding Bliss latex mattress.   We ordered a mattress newly made by the warehouse, and when it showed up last week it was firmer than the one we fell in love with at the store. I called a few days ago and Chuck offered to send us a new mattress at no cost, just like he promised. I decided we wanted the one we picked out in the store instead of another new one, and he agreed that it could be done. It was delivered today by Justin, who is timely, easygoing, and who remembered chatting with my husband when he delivered the first bed. Such a nice guy. I'm happy with the new one and pleased that the exchange was so simple and Chuck kept his word. Given how much of a pain in the ass it is to buy a mattress, it's nice when good people do good business.
5 Searched for the best deal on mattresses, found them here.  The entire transaction of buying two beds took under ten minutes.  I handed the guy my money and he quickly loaded up the mattresses and box springs for me.   Beds have held up nicely so far.
5 Chuck was more than helpful when it came to deciding which mattress I wanted.  He pointed out quite a few within my price range and even have me his honest opinion about several choices I had.  I know he is all about customer satisfaction because I mentioned a mattress from another retailer and he asked me multiple times if I was sure I'd be satisfied with buying from him!  I mostly appreciated his honest opinions.  Thanks, Chuck!  You're awesome
4 Chuck was great for my husband and I. Allowed us to lay on many mattresses even though we walked in at closing. (We didn't realize it until I started to Yelp) Chuck even left us alone to talk and go back and fourth from mattress to mattress. The experience was so enjoyable without any pressure.
