4 Love this CVS Location, the assistant manager (forgot his name but he's young with a beard) and  is always so nice and helpful when I need to find items, happy to give me a raincheck when they are out of sale items I appreciate good customer service like that.
4 This is one of the few CVS pharmacies that carries Pepsi Throwback (with REAL SUGAR!!).  I would come here just for that.  They don't always have it, but are more likely than most to get some.  Their CVS generic medications are fine, and obviously cheaper than name brands (with the same active ingredients!).  Their staff, including the pharmacy staff, are generally friendly and helpful.  All-in-all a good pharmacy.
4 There's practically a CVS on every other corner, so you'd think there wouldn't be much difference from one location to the next.  I shop at this location most often simply because it's the closest one to where I live.  But I do have to say that the staff here has always been helpful and friendly, and the shelves are usually pretty well stocked.  I have been disappointed to find on-sale items out of stock on a few occasions, but I've never asked for a raincheck, so that's my own fault.
1 Just had it out with the pharmacist, who I can't even believe passed pharmacy school.  We came about 9pm right after my surgery. I am in a rental car so I am the only one who can drive it, so even though I had emergency surgery, I still had to drive. Anyway we went through the drive through. We came close to 10 so the pharmacist who by the way looks Chubacca, (so you'll know her when you see her!) had a bad attitude from the get. Anyway I was given 3 prescriptions which needed to be filled, this meaning WORK for her big lazy ass! She slowly and RUDELY took my info, then told me it would be 30 minutes and waddled away. At least that was pretty quick, so I said ok and preceded to return some texts and emails in the drive through while waiting, with no one behind me of course. Seeing me out the corner of her coke bottle glasses, she STORMED back over, "HEY, HEY, LADY, you cant sit there, you need to move it NOW!" She told me (even MORE RUDELY)  "Move along now!" and she Shoo-ed me away with her spastic hand motions...HOW RUDE! So I finished what I was doing, maybe 3 seconds, hunted for the gear shifter in the rental, that took a another second or 2, then, I can barely move my legs due to the surgery so pressing the gas took me a couple more, so I am sure I looked like a disobedient smart ass to Pharmacist Elnas AKA Chubacca, and clearly yes... I am quite the smartass, but I wasn't being I was just in INTENSE PAIN!  Hello people don't usually end up in the pharmacy at their best right? Which means they should have be pretty damn good by now at customer service when working there, No!??  Anyway she then RUDELY told me how she wasn't going to fill my prescription now.  "Hahha oh ok Miss(ssss), guess what? Now I don't feel comfortable filling this." "I don't like you so that is my right." She said. YOUR RIGHT? You don't like ME? Not my attitude, not my pain or even my seemingly smart ass too slow for even your slow ass movement...but you don't like ME, CHUBACCA?  "I have done nothing wrong, what are you talking about, I am in PAIN!" I exclaimed! "Great so take a walk on in the store then and I'll fill it in here." She said.  I responded AN, "I can't walk lady, I just got out of emergency surgery!"  "Too bad here is a CVS down the street." She said, and she waddled away.  That is when I flipped. I laid on the horn until she returned, asked for her name and license. Told her she was going to lose her job, at some point after she told me she wasn't going to fill it I started recording video of which I played a portion of for so could see herself and how she was acting. MIRACULOUSLY she apologized.  "Please don't complain." she said,  "I'll give you a gift card!" She said.  "I'll fill your prescription."  "Sorry it's just store policy."  Hmmm that attitude you just watched your self give on tape, is that CVS store policy too? Funny what people start to offer when they see what their boss and the Arizona State Board of Pharmaceutical Licensing will see. Not to mention the attitude, the customer service and the blatant disregard for human well being & discrimination for the half crippled blonde with a doctors recommendation for pills because she just rolled off the surgery table! AHHHHHH.  Whatever she rectified it. I got a $25 gift card to go with my now higher blood pressure. Still, it that was my grandma she was treating like that? Or yours. Or some other sore half crippled person in pain, or bad health or sickness. I just wouldn't want to have not done my part. I'm still going to complain... 1. To you, fellow Yelpers!  2. To her boss 3. To corporate CVS 4. To the Arizona State Board of Pharmacy So good luck Pharmacist Elnas Chubacca, may your days in some other industry be plenty and bright! And may your days of wanting to be fat and lazy because your shift is almost over, and when someone doesn't get your happy little I went to pharmacy school and now I work at CVS power trip...be few and far between. STOP BEING RUDE to people who don't want to be there in the first place, when you are the one getting paid, WELL, to be there filling little bottles, when you probably don't want to be either. There are too many other people who need good jobs!  I will never go back to the Chubacca CVS. Not even to use my $25 gift card. I will take her advice and go to the one down the street. And when I stop for gas? I hope she is the attendant behind the counter serving up slurpees, oh wait, with that attitude, she doesn't even deserve that position. Go talke some customer service classes you RUDE mean person. See, I can be mean too! But I didn't call you Chubacca once! I was probably TOO nice to you which is why I needed to get all this out. DON'T send your prescriptions, your family or friends...let alone your hard earned dollars to this store or pharmacy. Unless you are looking for bribes for dealing with Chubacca, after all RUDE jerks need jobs too right? Attitude is everything folks. Ah ha! I feel much better, thanks Yelp!
