4 Man I love me some wings! Plus, I never knew how great Wingstop was until I moved out here to AZ.   I think the reason why I really love this place is for their selection. I enjoy the traditional hot flavor, but I'm also a huge fan of the lemon pepper and garlic parmesan. When my buddies and I come here, we always get the family meal, which comes with a GRIP of food for only about $28.   You get 35 wings (your choice of flavors), two large sides (we always just get double orders of fries), carrots/celery and 2 sides of ranch. And believe me, it's enough to FILL YOU UP!
4 First time eating at Wingstop and i have to say it was great.   About 6 choices in wing flavors and few options on the sides.   Tried the family meal that came with 50 wings, sides and drinks, had traditional wings (bone in) to the boneless options, and they all tasted good, the flavors we ordered were Teriyaki, Mild and Parmesan Garlic.   Endless drink refills.   Staff was cool, let us change the channel on the TV. to let us watch college football and they did not mind at all.   Awesome Grub.
3 Not bad, I've had better, but their customer service is awesome. Would return just to be treated so well!
4 Food is the same as at every Wingstop in America, but that's not a bad thing - consistency is nice in a chain location.  That said, the highlight of this Wingstop is the service! I was amazed at how friendly and willing to help the staff were. By far better than many sit down restaurants I have been to. Go here and eat in just for the wonderful service.
2 Customer service rocks! But sadly their wings are pretty bad.
4 When you first walk into Wingstop, you are not slammed with the smell of chicken grease like most fast food places. Instead , you are enveloped with the savory smell of spices with a hint of garlic. The prices are very reasonable, and if you don't order ahead, you can bide your time with all of the old airplane memorabilia ( they have everything there from a real wooden prop to an actual fighter wing ie., Wing-Stop) which is quite extensive. A very pleasant all around  experience... I keep coming back!
5 So far this is my go-to wing place in Phoenix.. The lemon pepper wings are the best!! And their blue cheese is so good, you can buy it by the pound. I like to get take out, have not eaten inside yet.
3 Had the parmesan garlic and teriyaki wings and they where really good.  A nice and clean wing joint. Just don't be in a hurry, takes awhile to get your food.
4 The name of this business says it all.  Yes they have wings both bone-in and boneless along with strips.  While the dining area is tiny the flavor is huge here.  Their customer service is over the top along with the wing flavors (mango habanero is my flavor)!  Unless you are planning to dine in you should consider calling your order in to save yourself a wait.  Orders normally take 9 minutes to prepare and once they have multiple orders in at one time it will add time to your order.  Calling in is important during huge sporting events.
5 To be honest, I mainly only come to Wingstop on Mondays and Tuesdays because of their 60 cents boneless wings. Wingstop is a delicious food place, but I'm a cheap person who loves deals so... Yeah!  I've tried the original hot and lemon pepper boneless wings. They're seriously amazing. If you haven't tried them, well.. You need to. I intend on trying all the flavors. I have a long way to go though. Heads up, the original hot flavor was too hot for me and I love spicy foods. I'm afraid that I won't be able to handle the other spicier flavors haha. I still want to try them.. Anyways, their seasoned idaho potato fries are the bomb. Those fries are another reason why I love going to Wingstop.   If everyday was Monday and Tuesday, let's just say I'd be here everyday.   Wingstop is the best!
