4 Isn't this the worst name ever for a furniture store?  When people ask me where I got my great sectional and I say the Furniture Warehouse on Bell, they say - which one?  Anyhow, this little gem is located right next to J & K Furniture to the west in what kinda looks like an old barn now.  It's basically an over sized "Tuff Shed" and when it's hot outside - it's still hot in here.  I've been here when an awful storm kicked up and it was an AWESOME place to just listen to the rain fall.  But anyhow - back to the furniture.  We got a sofa here that was selling at Mor Furniture for less for approximately double.  At Mor there was just one fabric choice, here I got fabric and pillow options.  They also had "cousins" of that sofa - both the fancy duck down pillowed one and the super basic foam filled one.  So I could have gotten an upgrade, played with fabric options and still payed almost $1K less.  Oh yea....  They also have some great kids beds/furniture, some really cute dining room furniture and of course other cool sofas.  The service was really outstanding.  When I remembered seeing an Ottoman that was no longer there, they pulled out 6-7 different catalogs of stuff to try to find them, pulling in an owner and manager to make sure they did everything they could to make sure I found just the right cheap ottoman.  They even called a few of the manufacturers to make sure the leg styles were going to match.  Very good service.  And awesome prices.  Their selection can be a bit limited because of it's size, and they won't have it all in stock of course because things generally need to be ordered, but we had a good experience with that as well.  Definitely worth a look if you're in the market.
1 I guess Steve (the owner) is so wealthy that he doesn't need your business. My wife and I tried to spend 3k on a patio set and the salesperson could even give us a total price and knew zero about the product. We had to leave our number so the owner could call us "shortly" since he was "playing golf today". Hours later the same salesperson called and still couldn't give us a price and said "the owner was here for a little while and then left again".  Sorry to put you out Steve, my money will be spent else where.
5 I was here about two weeks ago and I'm so in love with my new living room set!  After going store to store looking for good quality and reasonable pricing, I found that Molino's was way more customer friendly, you don't feel pressured into purchasing like you would at the room store or any other chain.. The staff is very helpful, and provides the right knowledge in helping one pick out something that best meets their standards... If they don't have it, they'll get it.. Here you have more options!. Steve was referred to me by a coworker and It was an excellent experience, not only was he extremely helpful, knowing that he is the owner and takes pride in his business enough to be there day in an day out makes it that much better, you dont find too many that take the time to run their own company like he does, all n all, it was a wonderful move and im more then satisfied! thank you so much steve! I will definitely be sending my family and friends in the future as well as any other purchases I may need!   You may be set back by the building, but don't let it fool ya! This place and the staff are fantastic!
5 I found Molino Home Furnishing through a friend and after seeing his excellent reviews online it encouraged me to buy from here. As a manager of an apartment complex I was looking to furnish the model. Due to time constraints I was unable to visit the store luckily they have a great website!!! Large selection and pricings are listed, what a time saver.  Since this wasn't a regular purchase where you go in the store and you interact with the sales representative I was a bit skeptical, however Steve (owner) was extremely helpful he answered all of my emails in a timely manner and helped me find the right dimensions to avoid a stalked bedroom/living room. Love the fact I did not feel pressured to make a purchase or upscale; he knew my budget and worked with it. Excellent customer service!
5 Steve and his team at Molino have been great! This was the 3rd furniture place my husband and I visited and ended up purchasing our entire house through Molino. Great Pricing!
5 Great Furniture and a GREAT price. Even made a special delivery to accommodate my schedule last minute! Defiantly a customer for life.
5 I bought a sofa last night after researching reviews on yelp for stores in the area.  Reviews were good so I decided to go with them. Great experience.  I didn't feel pressured like on a car lot, they helped me find the right size for the room in my home and threw in some pillows that I thought would tie it in to the rest of the decor. I'm kind of new to Yelp, but the review system seems to be working so far! Great experience even when they were busy with the pre Christmas rush!
4 We came here looking and worked with Jeff who was very nice and really helpful. I only found one dining set that I sort of liked but I'm not sold on the quality of the chairs, I liked the table though. So we're going to keep looking. But since Jeff was so nice and genuinely seemed to care and want to help us I wanted to give review for others that might want to purchase here. Everyone was very nice, no one was pushy, and I would recommend this store purely based on the friendly staff.
5 I had a great experience with these guys. Honest, hard working.  I bought a few things from them. I would recommend them for regular furniture, not the high end stuff though.  I would put their selection in the middle market...not cheap stuff, but not greatest quality, but the prices reflect that too.  So bottom line you get good value from them.
5 Fantastic service!!! Friendly and very affordable quality furniture. Prompt , friendly delivery!!  After shopping all the major furniture stores....we found our sectional at Molino's!!!! So pleased!
5 This is our third purchase here. A+ experience once again, from the time of purchase to the delivery and installation. The owner Steve is very accommodating and a wealth of knowledge. Installer was quick setting up the new bed and cleaned up all boxes and debris afterwards
