5 This newly opened store is fantastic. The employees are willing to help and gracious to all concerns you may have. It's not as overwhelming as the Forever 21 at Arrowhead in Glendale, and conveniently completes Scottsdale Fashion Square, in my opinion. Though it is new, there are a lot of people, but lines move quickly. And as to be expected from Forever 21, sales are bountiful.
5 God, I love this store.  I have been a fan for years.  The clothes are so cute and the store is so big and so affordable!!!!  Very happy they finally put one in Scottsdale!
3 I love the prices and the styles offered at Forever21.  Where else can you buy a fitted, stylish black wool peacoat for $35.00??  However, I have found their service to be lacking, on multiple occasions.  Most notably, the week before Christmas.  I understand you are swamped with customers that are throwing the merchandise around like its a swap meet.  I understand that the line is out the door and you don't have a break in sight.  I even understand that certain policies must be adjusted due to in-store volume.  But when I wait in said line for 20 minutes, to place a jacket on hold that I am planning to return for in just an hour, it is extremely off-putting when the gentleman behind the counter disdainfully states "we aren't holding anything today", and then hands BACK the merchandise...like what?  Am I supposed to return it to the rack?  Are you going to offer me any kind of alternate solution? Nope!  Instead, he called "next" and I was shunted to the side, bewildered as to what to do with the jacket that had just been thrust back at me....Needless to say, I found a jacket somewhere else that day.  Of course I will still shop here, but I'm not going to expect stellar service, and if there's a line, I might just go elsewhere.  OH, and PS - you can't return anything (one BIG reason I wanted to place the item on hold while I thought about it).  They only offer store credit - boo!!
4 You cannot beat great deals on cute clothes...they are so affordable and you can find something for almost every occassion...except formal...some of the stuff is a little cheap looking but come on you cannot beat the prices!!!  It is a great size store and have a large selection!  I will shop here as long as I can...it is FANTASTIC!!!
4 How can you complain about a retail store that sells trendy clothes for super cheap! I've recently come to terms with the fact that sometimes buying cheap clothes is not a bad thing.  The quality is not superb here, and most items won't last more than 5 washings, but for a $25 dollar dress, I can deal with that.  Forever 21 stores have a huge selection of clothes and they try to organize them by "theme" or style. It can be very overwhelming, so you should plan on walking around for at least 30 minutes before you even hit the dressing room.  I don't find that their "going out" clothes are too hot, but they have great everyday wear, and even some items you can wear to the office. I was recently surprised to see that some of the stores have added a men's, maternity and plus size section.  I'm currently not in the market for these sections, but it's cool anyway.  Their clothes fit pretty true to size, and unlike H&M you don't have to be a pencil to look good in them.  One thing that I found very strange is they can NOT take anything off the manikins. If you that is the only item left in the size you need, you have to put it on hold until the window display changes (which I believe occurs on Wednesdays), this is challenging because you can't try it on, and you only have 24 hours to pick it up.  Even with their funky" fear of naked manikin" policy, they still get 5 stars for price, 4 stars for selection, and 3 stars for quality!
1 I was shopping today with my teenaged daughter at the Forever 21 in Scottsdale Fashion Square.  She had Christmas money that was burning a hole in her pocket.  We stopped in and she picked out a sweater, it wasn't on sale, just a simple sweater.  After shopping at different stores within the mall, she found something she liked better and we decided to go back to Forever 21 to return this sweater.  (Here's where it gets ugly) I had used my debit card to make the purchase.  When I checked out,  the cashier asked me "debit or credit?"  I told her "it makes no difference to me, whatever is easiest for you." SO... when I tried to return this sweater, she told me it would be store credit only.  WHAT??  Immediately a 20 year old manager stepped in to clear up the situation.  She informed me that they can only offer store credit.  I informed her the purchase was made LESS THAN 2 HOURS AGO.  How about you just cancel the transaction, I asked.  Nope, can't do that either because it was a debit transaction.  I informed her of my previous conversation with HER cashier when given the option of credit or debit, I left it up to her  (duh, debit is cheaper, rule #1 when training a cashier) and now I'M being punished for that?!!  My husband happens to be in the credit card processing business and I KNOW FOR A FACT that a transaction can be cancelled with in a 24 hour period. It has a VISA logo on it, I have rights given to me behind that logo alone.  I tried reason, logic, common sense and was told "I'm not going to argue with you anymore."   So.  As cheap as you are Forever 21, I am over it.  I will never cross your doorway again.  Nor will my teenaged daughter and considering she's at the mall a considerable amount of time with her friends, I'll take a guess that you've lost all of that business as well.  All of this over $25, for an ugly, cheaply made sweater.
4 This is a much cleaner more well kept forever 21 than the Arrowhead location.  I really like shopping here. Super nice customer service.
4 hit or miss every time i go in here. i always think i'll leave with something and never do. prices are good though. organization could be better and the quality is not that great.
1 I get it, you are at Fashion Square in Scottsdale, but you are also thee shittiest store in the mall. Don't look your customers up and down as we walk in and then nit-pick every time my daughter gets too close to one of your piles of clothes and tell her to stay away. I will drive to Arrowhead next time I need a pair of your shitty $3 leggings because there is a larger selection and nicer people. GTFO.
3 As with most Forever 21's this one is just like the rest of the one's I've ever visited. It's large in size and has it's small subcategories based on style, color or size. It's also very clean, most likely due to the lack of shoppers that come into the store.  The workers don't necessarily make you feel welcome and are usually busy refolding or putting stuff away. There wasn't much of a sale section, as it was just a stock of winter type clothing (jeans, jackets, sweaters). The price is pretty much the same, but found some items highly overpriced. A sheer crop string tank top for $25? No thanks.
4 The staff was really nice and helpful. One young woman working there noticed I was trying to find my size and she came over and started helping me look. They have some really cute things. I am 23 and buy inexpensive things for myself as well as my 13 year old sister.  The only thing that sucks is that you cannot return things even with a receipt. You can only get store credit. This excludes jewelry. Jewelry is final sale.
