5 I'm giving a 5 Star rating because of how well I was treated, which really added to the experience.  I'm in town for two weeks and on leave (just returned from Iraq) and needed a place to work out before going home.  I walked in a spoke to Jennifer and explained my situation, and she said that she wouldn't charge me anything!  She said that since I'm on leave and only in town for a couple weeks that should wouldn't charge me.  (Good thing I wore my Army shorts!)  It's a cozy gym with a good variety of cardio machines and strength training equipment.  Because it's a smaller gym, it has potential to be crowded.  It wouldn't be a gym of choice for Crossfitters but for most traditional workouts it's more than adequate.  Enough sunlight gets in so I didn't feel like I was exercising in a box.  Parking is great overall cleanliness is good.  Thank you!
5 Very super helpful new manager Kyle. He has a nice smile and hello for everyone. Knows a lot about physical fitness and what muscle groups are exercised on various pieces of eqpt. Place is regularly cleaned by a professional janitor staff which uses what looks like disinfectant in mop water. Place never closes, which is a real plus. Ample machines. Most patrons are pleasant.   They have ample eqpt., except too few bicycles....lots of treadmills & ellipticals, 1 stairmaster, and all kinds of weight machines and free weights. Kim & Chris, the trainers are both delightful people.   I really love this gym.  Negatives are (1) a couple that ties up both bathrooms simultaneously for about 10+ minutes most mornings during snowbird season in spite that Jennifer told them not to do so. They must spend the winter in a tent with no shower and refuse to shower together. Next is (2) that in spite of avaiability of cable TV they have satellite, thus only 4 boxes producing 8 channels including Fox News as the only news channel. If they'd get cable they could have like 100 channels.  I've been to a lot of gyms and this is as goood as it gets.
4 I recently joined this gym, mostly because it was so close to my house and secondly because I have tried L.A. Fitness (the second closest) and was thoroughly disappointed in their ethics. Double charging, etc.  I had my free sit-down with Adrian, was really impressed with his recommendations and knowledge. He understood my frustrations with previous gyms, and made me feel at ease.
5 I am in a band from the Bay Area, and we are on tour, we ended up stopping in through the Anytime fitness in Mesa and I want to make it known that it was the best experience I have ever had at a gym, or any other anytime fitness. The owner was courteous, friendly, and went out of his way to help us, keep us informed. I will definetly be coming back through this gym next time we come through town. BEST GYM EVER!!!!!
4 I really like anytime fitness in general because they are always open, however this location is especially nice to come to.  The staff, especially Skyler and Kyle are always so helpful and friendly.  They always go out of their way to show you new workouts or give you pointers.  The other members that go here are also really great.  It always feels like you are among friends, not just another number.    The gym is a little small, but the atmosphere is great.  I would recommend this gym to anyone who is intimidated by the bigger gyms.  Everyone is down to earth and helpful.  The only thing I dislike about the gym is that the bathrooms are single person bathrooms - so if someone is showering, you have to wait until they are done.  And if you want to shower, you always feel rushed because you know someone is probably waiting to get in there too.
1 I recently left a review of how much I loved this gym. I take back everything good I ever said. I would never go back. Management has changed and ethics and customer service have gone out the window. I would never recommend this gym to anyone ever again.
