1 Absolutely the worst company to rent from. The AZ Regional Manager is rude and completely uncooperative. They just want your money and do not attempt to work with anybody. During our short stay at San Marcos, an Equity Residential community, we were bullied by the Property Manager. In February our garage flooded (because of rusty, neglected piping), and the Property Manager could not be contacted by myself, Scottsdale Fire Department, or the City of Scottsdale to shut off the water. After all of our things were destroyed, a San Marcos employee entered our garage, after it was agreed upon by management and myself that no one would enter or touch my property without my notification for insurance purposes. The employee did not only unlawfully enter the garage, but was touching my personal property. When he was confronted and told to leave, he retreated to the front office and called the police. The San Marcos employee attempted to file a false police report stating that he was physically harmed and was forcefully removed from the garage. No charges were filed because the peace officer could not find an evidence that the employee was harmed or telling the truth. This San Marcos employee entered the garage unlawfully, lied, and attempted to file a false police report. Throughout all of this the Property Manager and Equity Residential have been uncooperative, and demand $1300 to buyout of a lease that was violated by their own employee. My keepsakes and possessions have been ruined, the cops have been falsely involved, I have been continuously bullied by management, and now I am battling ridiculous fees and charges. DO NOT RENT FROM EQUITY RESIDENTIAL!
5 This company is wonderful,  I've never had any problems and the employees are smart fast and very nice so I have no idea what the yard who rated it 1 star is saying.  Probably brought it on himself.
1 Absolutely DO NOT recommend renting at any Equity Residential location! If your interested in my experience with this shady company, read my review on Monte Viejo Apartments.
