5 I only come to Phoenix a few days a month on business but from now on I will save up my haircuts and get them at Gentleman Joe's.  Awesome place.  Very comfortable, a full range of services and arguably the best haircut I have ever received at a very reasonable price.
5 Best Barber Shop in town. Hands down. Don't believe me? Go in and try it...
4 Pretty good barber shop. They were quick and clean and finished off with a hot lather straight razor shave for the back of the head and sideburns and even busted out a shoulder massager. There was no wait time to get in a chair and each station has its own TV with DirecTV so you can watch whatever you like. It's definitely one of the better places I've been for a cut.
5 Was visiting on business and simply Yelp'd for a quick haircut. Arguably the finest haircut I have ever had! Ask for Angel!! He cut my hair and was incredible! Very personable, even gave me incredible advice on food locations and all 3 were perfect. The quality of the haircut second to none. No rush, free drinks and they even gave me a $1 for meter!! Best location in Phoenix! You wont be disappointed!! Attention to detail second to none!!!
5 Best barber in Mesa. Great service, skilled barbers and a flat screen at every station.
5 Finally a good haircut, one of the best I've ever gotten. I decided to try this place for the first time and would surely become a regular if I wasn't moving. I'm actually a bit upset that I just now found this place. Chuy did such a good job that I'm confident enough that if I simply told him to make it look good, I would walk out with a great haircut. Definitely check this place out.
5 I've gone here to get my haircut every month since I moved to Mesa (3years).   Every barber there is very skilled and it is actually a good experience. The straight razor to the neck/sideburns is something I really like.   Every time the quality is very consistent, regardless of which barber is doing the work. I've had 1 'OK' haircut in the past 36, the rest were 'great'.   Thanks guys!
