4 I have purchased 2 bikes from these guys. They are nice guys and will give you a reasonable deal.  Except for the one time that I showed up 5 minutes before closing to get a new tube and the door was already locked (with people still inside), they have always treated me fair and were very helpful.  I would recommend them if you are in need of a quality bike.
1 Walked in, stood for 5 to 7 full min wanting to buy my daughter a bike for her bday and didn't get acknowledged once. I walked closer to the desk and still nothing. Looked like a great place but horrible service so just walked out.
5 Just bought a new road bike from Two Wheel Jones. Travis Jones did a great job fitting me for the bike, even ordering a new size (Trek Domane 4.3) when the first one was decided to be too small. Travis' attention to detail and unhurried, friendly demeanor will keep me coming back in the future. I am so glad I purchased my bike here - first-timers: it's the way to go to make sure you are getting the right size and get your bike dialed in. Thanks, Travis!
1 My son purchased a trek 850 from Jones, cost for bike with tax and accessories, bike lock, lights was $475. He purchased it with his own money that he saved from working after school, to buy a Last week I was running and he was biking. He went over a curb and the weld that makes the wheel round the wheel broke, and the wheel bent over. He brought the bike to the Jones shop. They told him that someone must have run the bike over and that is why the wheel is broke. My son called me and I went down to the shop and asked Travis Jones (the owner) to please show where the bike was run over. After him examining the bike he could not find a mark or any indication that this had happened. (Which it didn't) He told me and my son that the only parts of the trek bike that had a warranty was the frame. Every other part was warranted by the maker of the components and that the wheels had no warranty. He agreed to put in a claim and could call me back on Tuesday or maybe Wednesday at the latest. Today,, I still had not received a call back so I decide to give him a call, He didn't answer so I left a message. He called back 45 minutes later. He acted as though he had no Idea who I was. Finally he said he had not checked on the warranty yet. (So he basically ignored the fact that I was even in the store and didn't follow up with me regarding this issue) He checked while I was on the phone and told me that trek would not warranty this part. He went on to tell me that there was no warranty on the bike again and Jones would not be taking care of this part. Mind you it is a 40 dollar retail part (probable cost to dealer $15). I asked for a phone number to Trek and he told me there was no phone number to call and that I could only email them for help with this. I asked for his sales rep phone number and he refused. Again telling me that the only thing on the bike that was warranted from trek was the frame. Everything else was warranted through the manufacturer of the components and not through trek, and the wheels had 0 warranty. If it broke before we took delivery he would have to eat the repair, but if it broke on the way to the car in the parking lot or the next day, it was our (the customer) responsibility. The manufactures warranty clearly states that these items are covered although not for the lifetime. The components with the shortest warranty are 1 year and that is for the paint and decals. So he is clearly not telling the truth and is not interested in customer service. I would strongly recommend choosing a bike shop other that Jones for purchasing a bike. WE could have paid less and had the bike shipped to us, but we choose to support out local business, but clearly they choose not to support the local customers. Like I said Beware of shops like 2 Week Jones, they say they are about customer service and their warranty, but their actions do not match their words. Beware, $20 dollar tune-ups are nothing compared to having a bike that the bakeshop will not stand behind. Actions speak much louder than words. Stay Away.
5 I took my Turner mt. bike and some parts into two-wheel to have them remove the old parts and install some new ones that I sourced elsewhere. I was quoted one price but when I got to the store, they wrote up the ticket for double - something that was frustrating, but I wrote it off as 'miscommunication' since the original price quote seemed very low. There were some complications when one of my parts broke while they were installing it. After some discussion with Preston and Travis, they ended up taking good care of me and handling it with professionalism.  My only general rant for any service business is the business needs to exceed customer expectations always - without causing the customer's blood pressure to elevate. The customer shouldn't have to feel like they are fighting to get a fair resolution. The golden rule definitely applies in business - do unto others as you'd have others do unto you (although I don't believe the cliché that 'the customer is always right').  This interaction could have easily gone 'south', but in the end, I'm a happy customer, will continue to do business and recommend two-wheel jones. Thanks for going above and beyond Travis and Preston and good luck with the new location!
5 Kudos to Travis and Larry for volunteering their Saturday morning to offer an excellent cycling class for both beginners and advanced cyclists. You can tell what someone's passion is by how they spend their time, and these guys clearly have a passion for helping cyclists. Thanks!
