5 These guys are amazing. Unlike just about every landscaper in the Valley, these guys, show up at the same time each week and leave notes as to what they've done. They text and call me when there are questions or seasonal things to be done and all for a price that is highly competative. They also do full landscape redesigns. I referred them to a friend, who actually had his current landscaper have a nervous breakdown in front of him. I forgot about it. I went over his house several weeks later. I always enter from the backyard gate. When I walked it I was blown away! Great job Desert Sun Installations.
1 We were not impressed AT ALL!  These landscapers say they are going to show up on a certain day/ time and then do not come until 4:00 and work into the dark....in the morning...their work LOOKS like it's been completed in the dark!  They had to rebuild our barbeque 3 times.....the third time was 3 months after the completion and the tiles started falling off the island.  To say their workmanship is mediocre is being generous.  The salesman Bryce is a typical slick salesman.  He goes behind the owners back and tells you to buy the bbq at Lowes and the lighting and the tile through another vendor only to find out that we bought the wrong tile....Now...we are left with a bunch of tile that is useless!  What a waste of money!  Needless to say we would definitely NOT recommend this landscaper to ANYONE!  Save your money!  Do your research and don't choose DSI!
2 I have not yelped in awhile, but the service and run around I received from this company needed to be stated!  My husband and I work very hard, so we decided to hire DSI for yard care and services.  Lily (Owner's wife) was very responsive and showed up when she said she would be here.  She was professional and gave us a good quote, so we hired them to start that Thursday.... No one ever came.  When we contacted Lily she said she had "forgotten to add us to the schedule".  This was not a big deal to us, but should have been a sign of things to come with DSI.  Fast foward two months later.  Our yard was looking good, & they continued service 2 times a month.  In early October we received a notice to have our tree trimmed in the front of our house, otherwise we would receive a fine.  Seeing as how DSI says they offer "Tree Trimming and Staking", I thought it would be easy to get this task completed.  My husband called Lily that weekend and left a message.  She did not call him back.  When I called her & left a message, she sent me a text message back saying she was sorry for the delayed response.  Later, she texted me, NOT CALLED, to tell me we were confirmed for Wednesday to have our trees trimmed.... no one ever came (again).  This time, though, we NEVER heard back from DSI.  I left a message that day, thinking a mistake had been made and awaited a response.  Days went by, called again and left another message.  Yet again, no response.   Honestly, I have started to think something very bad happened or they went out of business.  Worst customer service ever..... I tried calling other times where there was no answer, but seeing as how I had already left messages, I did not waste my time leaving more. As I stated earlier, I work hard at my job, why should I have to worry about how others do theirs?   3 weeks later, I have hired another company.  Still have yet to hear back from DSI. The new company was able to call me back, give me a quote, AND have our trees trimmed within 3 days.    Does DSI know that customer service and organization are the fundamentals of running a business?  Also, do they know what "call me back" means?    Bottomline:  I'm still so confused about why our trees could not get trimmed? Also... Very responsive when you first sign up, then you turn to chopped liver :(
1 contacted DSI at the beginning of October to try to get them to come out for a fall yard cleanup/trim, INCLUDING a huge drainage reroute project the owner Lily had expressed interest in doing. after 5-6 weeks of saying 'we possibly have someone out in NE mesa next week, we'll stop by", EVENTUALLY Lily emailed me on nov 26th confirming they would be here on the afternoon of Dec 3rd. i replied on nov 27th that yes that would be fine.   Dec 3 came and went,, now it's 8 days later and still no response to either emails or voicemails. they did a nice job on their spring work in april, but an unreliable company that continuously gives you the runaround with no-call / no-shows is just wasting your time. I suppose i have no need for a fall clean-up now since we're already halfway to needing a spring one.
