4 This year, we sold the truck, and bought a slip -- probably the best investment ever.   What a pain it was, to load up the boat with coolers, hook up the trailer, tow the boat all the way the lake. All that gas we used. Then we had to wait to put in, and someone would have to park the trailer, like a mile away. Then we had to maneuver the boat to the ramp to pick up that poor soul. Then at the end of the day, do it all in reverse, and when we're tired, hungry, and sunburned.  Now it's drive the car to the lake, where the little golf cart whisks us down to the marina. There, we can pick up a cart for our stuff, which is minimal, since we keep the coolers on the boat. Grab some bags of free ice, stroll down to the boat, load up, cast off, and be gone!   When we come back, we just tie up again, grab our stuff, and hop on the shuttle back to our car. They even pick up your trash for you, when you leave the bag at the slip.  The marina itself has all the conveniences -- a store, gas, a restaurant and bar -- which are open to the public. Sometimes, the restaurant / bar has a band or karaoke. I'm usually too pooped at the end of the day to check it out. But it sounds like fun.  Plus, for members, there are also laundry and shower facilities, and a sort of rec room, with a bank of grills you can use. The staff are always friendly and helpful.  For us, it's really been worth every penny. We go to the lake a lot more often now, too, since we don't have to deal with all the stress.
2 We used this marina for a few years, but the service level and overall quality has really gone downhill.  We finally moved out as they reduced or eliminated more and more services, and replaced the long-term and knowledgeable employees with new people that don't really know anything.  It's difficult to get anything done or any help here, and if they agree to help you with anything, the hourly clock is always ticking ($$$).  The attitude is the final straw; they act like you're disturbing their work.  Overall the facility is middle of the road.  The docks themselves consist of concrete pavers over floating structure, and are *impossible* to walk on barefoot.  They are too hot in the summer, and the stony surface cuts your feet in any weather.  This is disappointing for a marina.  There is a large restaurant/bar facility, but the service is extremely slow and the prices are astronomical.  Food quality is middle of the road.  There are fuel and pump-out docks.  The service docks are a little small so there is often a wait to pump out or fuel.  They let people park at or near the service docks and walk to the store, tying up precious space.  Fuel price is decent and the pump-out stations are well-made and function well.  Slip prices have gone down lately as so many people have moved out due to the lack of quality and service.  There may be bargains to be had if you don't mind the negatives.  Just watch your contract, some people have reported that the price on the paperwork varied from the verbal price given.
5 My husband and I have a slip here and are members. We love this marina and its laid back atmosphere. The only downfall to this marina is the long walkway if the shuttle service is busy but you are more than welcome to wait. They do have call boxes for the golf cart shuttles at each end of the walkway. Being a member you have access to private showers and bathrooms, a bbq area thats shaded with tables and chairs, washers and dryers, power and water hookups, 2 free bags of ice daily etc.. Love the staff. All of them are friendly and helpful. The whole marina and docks have the feel of one big happy family. Never have had any issues with theft etc. Definetly laid back with the exception of the party weekends lol.. I reccomend this marina over Scorpion Bay Marina based solely on how laid back and personable Pleasant Harbor is. I have been to Scorpion Bay Marina a few times and things just seem a bit more uptight over there. Not to mention the cops that seem to consistently be driving around. Just an uneasy feeling all around for me. If you plan to get a slip here make sure to talk to Shannon. She knows her stuff. :)
4 I like this marina because it is at least 15 minutes closer than Scorpion Bay and the 10 lane on the other side of the lake.  There is a north and south ramp that are only 4 lanes but mostly experienced boaters back up here.  I have not rented a slip here but I would rather to save the time each trip to the lake.  The food has never been that great here but I would just drive my boat to Dillions on the other side.
1 went to see there Rv area they wanted 6$ just to inquire WTF what a joke you can go across the lake for 25 a night full hook up with better views and you can view the area without paying !!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS SHIT HOLE!!! Bar is a joke go to Dillans at Scorpion bay...Thats what you get for a privately owned area...
4 Great place to enjoy some relaxation with family and friends.  I got an opportunity to spend some time on a friends house boat.  I have to say great views from the roof of the boat, with the sunset over the mountains what else could you ask for?    Another friend did camp out over on the hills, so you could enjoy some views from there, if you don't have a boat.  Plus the Marina does have a bar and restaurant if you would want to spend some time indoors.    If you have never been it is a great place to check out.  I miss the water, being from Cali so this is a great place to remind me that water is only a half an hour drive.  It does cost money to get in I had to shell out $6, but carpooled with 2 other people so it really is not that bad.    Go check it out when you get a chance.
1 Awful customer service!! Went on Memorial Day weekend - what a disaster!  On Sat night the restaurant had to quit taking orders because they were so backed up, there is not ONE working grill (they have like 8), wanted to charge $10 for a breakfast buffet on Sunday but there was NO FOOD!! Trash right by front entrance completely full & overflowing. That is just a few of our complaints. Cannot fathom why ANYONE would come here for an evening or weekend much less rent a slip long term. Go to Scorpion Bay instead!! They have their stuff wired. This harbor is a JOKE.
1 I prefer to give no stars but I do not have that option,  It is very sad, because this could be a great place but owner/management could absolutely care less.  Food is horrible.  Customer service is even worse.  Place is dirty, and not taken care of.  Lights are out, fans don't work.  Everything is filthy, menu's (if that's what you want to call them, they look like a three year old did it) are crumpled dirty pieces of paper that looks like it has been dragged behind a boat, tables, chairs, floors, bar, condiment caddy even the books the bill comes in, all filthy, filthy, filthy.  Garbage dumpsters are located right outside the restaurant and are stacked full of garbage that stinks like you would not believe and is full of insects and I am sure rodents as well.  I was unfortunate enough to pay for their "breakfast buffet"  which consisted of nothing, everything was empty and the little bit they did have made me sick the entire day. My husband went to get me a glass of water and black chunks of grime came out in the glass.  Shows that filth runs ramped and laziness is the norm.   This place is in desperate need of an owner that cares and a staff that knows customer service and professionalism.  They should be ashamed.  Until this changes I would warn all to stay away.  Unless you enjoy paying for watered down booze, filth, bad food, food poisoning and no customer service.  Someone call John Taffer from Bar Rescue!  Go to Dillon's at Scorpion Bay, much better.
1 You could also see bad comments for the @ waterfront bar as well. The harbor patrol guys that roll around are useless.. Boat ramps can be a crazy place with control from harbor patrol they can make it better.
1 Just went there 2 days ago for a Sunday breakfast.  We parked our RV in the lot for a few nights and went down to the restaurant.  Service was so bad.  The waitresses act like you are an inconvenience, they don't know the menu, and the music is too loud for a Sunday morning.  Prices are outrageous.  This is the third time I've been there and every time, the service is slow and snotty.
1 Do.  Not.  Eat.  Here.  I think they've tried updating the restaurant, but it doesn't work.  We arrived with a party of (7) and had to fetch our own menus and flatware.  When we finally sought out a server, she stated that she was off work but would help us anyway since our server was still "getting ready".  Our drinks arrived in 8 oz. plastic cups, and when our food finally arrived, it wasn't good at all.  Stay away from the Chicken Alfredo!  They charged $13 for a microwaved meal - rubbery, cold chicken and clearly pre-made noodles.  Our kids will eat anything when hungry - they were starving and they still couldn't eat the Chicken Alfredo.  The service was super slow as well.  When we complained, the manager gave us some $ off the ticket but we won't visit this place again.  Scorpion Bay is right across the water... go there for better service and much better food.
