5 I started going to this office in August after I found out I was expecting and I've had a great experience thus far. I see Dr. Phillips and I love him. He is so soft spoken and makes me feel comfortable. I was recommend by my mom to Dr. Phillips she's been seeing Dr. Phillips for over 20 years now, myself and brother were both delivered by him so that also helps my ease with seeing him. Also, the staff is friendly and the office is kept clean and quiet for the most part aside from little babies. I'm always in either early or on time to my appointment time and out in a timely matter.   No complaints here.
5 I saw Dr. John Desalvo for my pregnancy and delivery of my daughter back in August.  He is by far the best obgyn. So kind, takes his time with his patients!  I loved his personality!  The front office staff was nice but his MA is such a sweetheart.  I was always glad to see her she always made me feel super comfortable getting weighed (I hated that part!!) Lol. The delivery of my daughter was such a beautiful experience I wouldn't change that for anything.  My niece who is 15 was in my delivery room because she wants to be an OBGYN and he explained everything so well...she really learned a lot! I LOVE Dr. Desalvo!!
1 I will give a 0 if I could.  Don't go to Desert West if you want VBAC or Natural Birth. They will try so hard to stop you from giving birth naturally because they don't get paid as much as a c-section. They will lie, they will mislead, they will do anything to give more money.  They lied to my wife and I, said she could never give birth naturally. They tricked us into getting a c-section for the first baby (Since it was out first kid, we didn't know anything and thought the doctors won't lie to us).  We went to Desert West again for out 2nd since we though she has to get a c-section again. After a few months when my wife was at 36 weeks, we had a feeling that this place is kind of sketchy since the past few appointments were quite weird. So my wife and I kept calling around and ask the other doctors' opinions from different practices, and that's how we found out the people from Desert West were lying to us.  At the end, we switched to Premier Care for Women in Surprise, better practice with better doctor and people. And had a successful VBAC.
