1 Money grubbing Dentist - wanted almost $2000 to do a deep cleaning on my fiancee's teeth and charged almost $400 for some filling replacements with my insurance before they would give me the promotional "free" teeth whitening. After finally getting this whitening stuff it was a little syringe of bleach and a plastic tray like you can get at the store for $10. That was just the beginning! The filings HURT! A LOT! So did retainer he have me that was supposed to be invisalign. I went back multiple times to have him adjust both to be told that I needed to buy $11 numbing toothpaste. Teeth still hurt! Then when I changed dentists, they called me to try to collect a $25 fee. Screw that. I'd rather get new x rays than pay you again for the ones I already paid for!
1 Long story short, went here for the free whitening in December 2009 had some fillings done, one on a tooth that I had been to another dentist 6 months earlier and no mention of a filling needed from that dentist. In my opinion, his lack of experience led to fillings that Dr. Philipp did needing to be replaced by another dentist a few weeks later. In addition to that my TMJ flared up from the stress and dental work which led to an injury from the TMJ splint I had to have made by another dentist. Buyer beware!
1 Justin Philipp was the only dentist out of 5 dentists I saw said that I needed crowns because I had cracks (which I found out that I didn't have cracks). He didn't even show me where I had cracks. It took 6 hours to prep my teeth for 3 crowns because he had to see 10 other patients at the same time. He didn't bother to explain what he is about to do or what he is doing or how much of tooth structure will be drilled away. Almost all the work was done by his incompetent assistant who kept dropping the temporaries on the floor and didn't even bother to clean up and said that she couldn't tell which temporary goes to which teeth since they look the same! The only thing this dentist did was 'drill' and didn't put the thread around the prepped teeth or temporaries. I had a lot of pain with the temporaries but the dentist couldn't be bothered. Instead of figuring out what's happening, they hurried to put the permanent crowns on without asking me if I am satisfied with them. I had TMJ for a month along with other pain but the dentist was ready to send me to the Endodontist when it was a bite issue. I asked him to take an xray to verify the post work but he refused. So I went to see another dentist and found out that these crowns have 'OVERHANGS' and he graded this work as a 'C'. This will lead to tooth decay and bone loss.  I really wish I hadn't gone to see him. I went to see him because he was on TV and awarded on the magazine which I found out that you can pay them to be on. He over treated my teeth that didn't need any treatment and went to extreme measure (crowns). Now I lost all the good healthy teeth because this dentist was greedy, don't care about patients' health, and incompetent!
