1 I was rear ended and needed to have my bumper replaced as well as my exhaust pipe pulled back out. At first, they promise all kinds of things - they will take care of EVERYTHING including the rental car, getting the appropriate funds approved by insurance, etc. Come time though I had to call for the rental car, and I found their 'relationship' with Enterprise was $30/day which is the normal rate (actually more since they give discounts for rentals/week). That's where it began.  At one point after 2 weeks had passed, they told me the car was being detailed so I couldn't pick it up until Monday morning. Come Monday morning, they told me it wasn't quite done so they will drop it off at my place of work and pick the rental up from me at the same time. That night I received no call from anyone and the next morning I called them to find out what is going on with my car. After giving me the runaround saying they couldn't get in touch with the guy taking care of my car, the guy calls me back giving me a lame reason for not calling - they were working on the car until 8pm (I was still at work at midnight mind you) and were working on the car that morning. It doesn't take very long to give a customer a call to let them know what is going on and I had called them several times leaving messages for the guy taking care of my car. They told me they didn't like the way it was looking and that they hoped it would be ready by the next morning. The next morning I received a call saying they were hoping to be done by this morning and if not they will drop it off at my workplace like the arrangement from a couple nights ago. I got a call this afternoon asking if I had received a check from the insurance company, which I hadn't and told them so. At 5pm I called them asking what was going on and they said they were trying to clear it all up with the insurance company and that they will call me back in 10 minutes. At 8pm I was still sitting there waiting for a call that never come.    The next morning, the guy TEXTED me saying my car was ready and just to give them a few more hours to get the car detailed again.  They didn't have the guts to face me ever again, didn't even talk to me over the phone - we completed our business via TEXT.  They discouraged me from coming in, and had a car hiker come to my house for the exchange.    They had told me that they would pick up the last week of rental charges since it was their mistake having to fix the bumper, but I was billed for the full amount.  I didn't even bother with them - thank goodness Hertz picked up the tab.  This place is SLOW and VERY UNRESPONSIVE! You have to call them constantly to get a status report, even if they say they will do something don't hold your breath. I am very unhappy with the service I received from this place and will never go back to them again, which is unfortunate because they're so close to my house.
5 12/1/2011 Great job. Work was completed earlier than estimated and the repair work was first rate. Very nice recepionist and manager. Would highly recommend.
5 Great service at this shop.  I was referred to them by Nationwide Insurance.  Keith took great care of me and the car was delivered on time and the repair was perfect!  All around great experience!!  I would definitely recommend.
5 Made my car like new after being rear ended. They even fixed some prior damage for cost of parts only. Also, they detailed the crap out of my car. Looks awesome!!!
1 Although they did a halfway decent job of fixing the side of my pickup truck bed where a lady backed into it, they damaged the paint on my tailgate in the process and then tried to pretend nothing had happened. Although BRIAN ADMITTED THAT THEY DAMAGED IT after I pointed it out, they refused to fix it except for an additional $380, claiming I was responsible by having fragile paint (gimme a break!). The truck also came back from their shop with the emergency brake mysteriously broken. Overall, the truck was in better shape before going in. Thanks a lot ACS!
5 I highly recommend the folks at Arizona Collision Specialists. Unfortunately, I was rear-ended exiting the 101. Allstate recommended this shop, and I was pleased with both the customer service and body work they did on my car.
1 They flagged my legit review. Bogus!
5 I had a bit of a rocky experience here, but in the end customer service wins for me.  I took my car here to be repaired after Geico referred me. The car was fixed within a few days, but returned to me with a 2 foot crack in the windshield which was not there before. I was told it happens once in a while from the pressure of repairing cars AFTER about an hour of being told it was from the EXTREME temperatures that made a crack from a tiny rock chip while on their lot. By the way... the most extreme it got that week was a mere 69 degrees at night and highs of 85+. So, I was naturally pretty upset when I was told it wouldn't be fixed except on my dime. I threw a fit to say the least.  Luckily the owner called me THAT night and told me he would replace the windshield AND rent a car for me while it was being repaired. That is top notch service.  I just wish I didn't have to have a blood pressure spike to get to the end result.   Regardless, they did a great job on the repair and making sure the customer was happy. This is the place to go.
5 My experience here was pretty straightforward. I was rear-ended and came here to get repairs based on Liberty Mutual's recommendation as they are near my work. I came in for an appraisal first, as it was the other parties fault I wanted to make sure I wasn't paying anything out of pocket. They never pressured me in any way and once a check was cut, I brought my car back in and they did everything for me. They called Enterprise for me to pick me up at the shop, and they finished everything on the day they estimated to be finished. They communicated everything to my insurance company and I never needed to call anyone. When my car was ready I dropped the rental car off at the shop and they arranged for Enterprise to come pick it up and I was able to drive home in my car within less than 10 minutes of arriving. Not only that but they detailed my car, washed and vacuumed and it looked great. Everyone was very helpful, patient, and friendly. I loved the atmosphere of the waiting area. I've been to repair shops where the customer area is junky and gross, you feel uneasy and it smells like grease with maybe one chair... Their customer area is a nice size, EXTREMELY clean, has a TV in the corner, water and coffee available, it smells good, and all the employees are clean cut and approachable. I would highly recommend them to anyone.
1 I was not using an insurance claim. My initial estimate was $1400. I took it in for the repairs.Once my car was taken apart.. One phone call in, it bumped up t0 $2300. I agreed. They assured me it was the final cost. Second phone call back they told me my LT headlamp assy 8118547221 would cost $799.11.  Which would then bring the total cost to $3100 to complete repairs.  They up-charged this part by $529 according to my other estimate.  I had them put my car back together, pulled it out of the shop and did not do the repair for doubling the estimate and charging half a grand more for a part than they should have.  I was sadly disappointed that I could not have my car fixed and that they tried to take advantage of me.  I cant help but feel like they saw $$$$$$ when a young woman walked into their shop. Caution to my fellow ladies! Geico may want to reevaluate their partner if this is their schematics.
