1 I was not able to see a doctor at this clinic due to the lack of profesionalism of the lady who takes care of the insurance policies. Very  bad attitude towards new patients. Silly questions when it came to ask symptoms:"right or left shoulder? "(is there a special doctor for each side?), without that answer the appointment couldn't be scheduled.
5 I have been going to the location on Scottsdale Road, and the staff has been incredible. Dr Dean is my pcp, and he is very knowledgeable, and was able to correctly identify my issue that most other people were failing to recognize. It was a fast, professional, and pain free experience, and for that I'm very grateful.
5 I have had knee surgery and treatment for a foot fracture at the location is Mesa on baseline. They have been excellent - very professional. I have seldom had to wait more than a few minutes. Dr. Amit really knows his stuff - he does awesome work (my knee is as good as new), and his staff are a pleasure to be around.  If you happen to need orthopedic care, this is the place to go.
3 Dr. Dean is great if you don't mind waiting 45 minutes in the exam room prior to his arrival. This happened on 3 appointments. I agree with other reviewers that the support staff could use a little training. The office keeps wanting to charge me a higher copayment even though I show them eob statements reflecting a lower amount. Come on....
5 The new office is lovely! The space is great! The parking lot is better and less congested. Dr. Dean is great. He offers concern and options for any issues. I had one of the first appointments so I didn't have a long wait. I was in and out in an hour, which for me, I had anticipated at least an hour!
1 This place seems to be nothing more than an elaborate scam to charge your insurance company as much as possible via multiple scheduled visits for the same or slightly different issues, and funneling patients through a mill and into their approved "physical therapy" partners.  They even go so far as to have another "company" on the same floor to do specific X-Rays despite clearly having the same staff working at both offices.    Don't come here if you want a legitimate answer, or legitimate help.  They'll only end up charging you and your insurance company a ton of money, and writing a generic "prescription" for physical therapy.  Complete and total waste of time, and a rip off.
