1 I have been a patient of this practice for 2 years now.  I have always been a little disappointed with the care, but didn't pay much attention to it, because I don't have any serious medical conditions.  I recently received my first ever abnormal lab result.  It was called to me by the office MA.  All she could tell me was it was abnormal.  I asked what that means and she said "it means its abnormal".  I told her I have so many questions that she obviously cant answer and if it was their normal practice to have the MA call abnormal results, because this should be done by the physician.  She said the physician does not call patients with abnormal results.  I think this is unacceptable. I most certainly feel I am just a name on a piece of paper.  Calling me like this is Unacceptable and I do not recommend this office.
5 I love this office! I went for my first Botox appointment two weeks ago and I'm so thrilled with my results! Janet Wildemuth was extremely knowledgeable, answered all of my questions, and was really thorough with explaining exactly how the Botox worked. My biggest concern (and my boyfriend's) was that I would look frozen, but it is over two weeks out, and not only is my forehead wrinkle free, but my face is not frozen! The shots didn't hurt at all and I started to notice the results within a couple days! Janet was also super conservative since it was my first time getting it which made me feel a lot more confident! I had zero bruising or swelling after, just a little bit of tenderness between the eyes. I keep talking all of my girlfriends into going to see her :) if you are considering Botox (especially as a preventative measure like me!!) I would highly recommend this office! The staff is incredible and really care about their patients!
5 I received my first Botox injections ever at the office the other day ! I was nervous because I had heard horror stories about faces feeling frozen and looking " surprised " all the time . My area I wanted to improve was the scowl lines between my eyes. Janet took time to explain everything to me , including what areas she was going to inject , what to expect afterwards and when I should start to see a difference . It didn't hurt at all , the worse I felt was a pinch . No burning sensation or anything like that . within 24 hrs I could tell a difference and within a week they were almost COMPLETELY gone but I still have movement in that area which is great!! Couldn't have asked for a better outcome ! Highly recommend !!
5 I had a Botox appointment there and was a little concerned about getting it done for the first time, but it turned out to be a great experience! Janet made me feel right at home and answered all my questions. She made me feel at ease and the rest of the staff was really friendly! A few days after the Botox my forehead looked amazing!! I would easily recommend this office, you can tell they care about their patients.
5 I suffer from horrible, head splitting, pulse pounding migraines.  I am also a patient of Dr. Herrera at Complete Care Medicine *despite* the fact that I live in Central Phoenix...many, many miles away.  He has a wonderful bedside manner and he really listens to your concerns.  Because a low pressure system is moving across Arizona today (and low barometric pressure seems to be a trigger for my migraines) I could feel one start to pulse deep in my brain.  Attempting to cut it off at the pass, I quickly grabbed for the prescription strength migraine pain pills I always carry in my purse only to realize, much to my horror, that I was down to just one pill and that it was lunch time on a Friday and Dr. Herrera's office closes early on Fridays!  In desperation I called my pharmacy and asked if the pharmacy could initiate a refill request with the doctor, but they explained that because these pills are a controlled substance that they must be refilled by a written prescription, and can't be refilled electronically.    I quickly called Dr. Herrera's office and spoke to the appointment scheduler who was very sweet.  I explained my predicament to her and she made an appointment for me with Dr. Herrera for his soonest available opening and she also volunteered to go ask him if he would refill my migraine pain prescription in the meantime.  She told me she'd ask and call me right back if she was able to get him to approve it, but she warned me that because they closed early today the soonest I would be able to pick it up would probably be on Monday.  Well, not only did she keep her word and call me right back regarding the status of an emergency refill of my medicine, but she also told me that despite the fact that their office was going to close in 7 minutes, if I could make it over there within the next half an hour Dr. Herrera would stay behind after they closed just to wait for me so I could pick up my refill paperwork from him.  I drove over there as fast as my pounding head would allow me and made it in time to get my refill script from Dr. Herrera!    I am eternally grateful to both of them for going the extra mile for me today, migraines suck and clearly they understand that and sympathize. Thank you guys!
5 I've been a patient here for 2+ years seeing Trent Blake, a physician's assistant. Honestly, I think he's better than most doctors I've worked with. Knows his stuff, takes the time to answer all my questions, and really seems to care.   The staff has been helpful and friendly and I've been able to get appointments the same week or the following week. Sometimes there's a wait beyond the scheduled appointment time, but nothing unreasonable.
5 After loosing my doctor to a concierge medical service I have been shopping around for a great doctor.  I believe I have found one! Called in for an appointment and was expecting one days away. instead, they scheduled me for the next day!! My appointment was for 8 a.m.  I was expecting to be waiting for a while and to my surprise I was called back just a few minutes after 8 a.m.  The doctor was great and even gave me some tips to get my scripts cheaper! all in all a great visit!
5 3/19/014 michael fishman I moved here from newyork 3 months ago and a family member told me about complete care medicine they reccomended trent blake and he has been great he takes time with me he really cares he knows his stuff.
5 I truly cannot say enough good things about Complete Care Medicine and their stellar medical staff.  I credit Dr. Herrera with saving my father's life when he took my dad's symptoms seriously after he'd been sent home from the hospital after developing a life-threatening neurological condition.  Dr. Herrera's quick and decisive action prevented a tragedy.  I am so grateful for Dr. Herrera.  The PAs at CCM are also wonderful.  I see Trent on a regular basis, and he is kind, caring, and never, ever hurries a patient through an appointment.  The staff are all polite and sweet, and the front office ladies are professional and prompt.  Do you wait sometimes?  Yes, but please, keep in mind that emergent situations can develop at doctor's offices and they might need more time to deal with those problems.  The physicians and PA's at Complete Care Medicine are not only worth waiting for -- they are true lifesavers.
