4 Called Magic Pest Control to go out to my home to do a routine pest spray. It was really easy to schedule an appointment.   He showed up to my house, right on time (and even wiped his feet on the doormat before coming in). He went through the home interior, spraying each room. He then went outside and sprayed my yard and around the exterior.   No problems, nice guy, good service.
5 Magic pest did An outstanding job treating my house for termites. We had quite a spots where termite tubes kept on appearing so we got quotes from 3 companies.  Magic Pest gave us a great price and a longer warranty than their competition. After they treated they came out twice to check on our house and even treated a spot that all three companies missed during the original estimates for no extra charge. While missing the spot isn't ideal they definitely took responsibility for it and made up for it.
4 The service was excellent and the technician was very professional.  Roger answered my questions and performed the treatment to my satisfaction. Now we'll have to see how the treatment works over the next 30-60 days I have no reason to believe that its anything but fine. My first YELP so I have to give a 4 until I know it works....but Magic seems like a keeper
5 These guys make it easy! They are very pleasant on the phone, they show up & do a great job! I've been using them for a few years now & think they do an awesome job! They keep their prices very competitive, simple & no pushy contracts.
5 A handyman referred me to Magic when my previous exterminator was in uncharted territory with drywood termites.  Nelson came out the day after I called him, and he and his coworker removed the base boards and some drywall around the termite area and cleaned up really well before they left.  They were both very professional and pleasant.  The termites appeared to be contained to the baseboard that was removed, so there was no termite treatment necessary.  After not receiving an invoice from Magic, I called to ask for one so that I could pay for the few hours that Nelson was at my house.  The polite woman who answered my call had me speak with Nelson, and he said that since there was no treatment done, there was no charge.  I will DEFINITELY use Magic for any future bug issues.
5 Very professional, well mannered, & ON TIME! They guy came and sprayed my house for bugs and such and was really nice and informative.  I don't know what else to say.  Hopefully no bugs!
5 Great service!!  The guy was on time, quick, efficient and covered my entire lot/home, inside and out!  It's been one month, and NO activity.  I highly recommend this company to anyone that wants results, the FIRST time.  And, they didn't try to up-sell me for a monthly service that I didn't need.  I will always use this company.
1 What a joke. Guy shows up an hour late, then has no idea what he is suppose to do. What I scheduled on the phone was completely different than what he showed up to do, and the price was different. He had no idea what I was talking about. I don't know if it was the technicians fault or the offices fault for giving him bad info. I asked him to do what was discussed on the phone and all I got was a blank stare. If a company can't show up on time and doesn't even know what they are there to do, then they don't need my money. There are plenty of other pest control services, so I suggest using a different one.
5 I have used Magic Pest Control for years now for my personal residence and referred them to many clients.  Magic always offers excellent service at fair rates.  It's a pleasure to recommend this family owned and operated business.
5 Nelson and his employees have always been great to work with... I recently stopped in their gilbert office and explained that my daughters apartment had a major issue with pests... He basically gave me a $50 value for $15....  They have come and done our house a number of times and help us identify other problems and issues that we were unaware of... Their prices are always very reasonable... Thanks Magic Pest!!!
5 I've been using Magic Pest since I moved into my home 1.5 years ago.   The people they send to spray are considerate and efficient.  The treatments are effective and priced right.  I'm glad I found them and would definitely recommend using them!
5 I have been using Magic Pest Control for 3 years and have never had a problem with them. They have done a termite treatment and have been doing routine pest control services.  If for some reason the bugs are still there they will come do a free retreat.  Sebastian is an awesome tech.  Great company.
5 Love these guys! Specifically, Nelson was amazing: very professional, educational, doesn't act like salesman but someone offering a service. They've taken good care of our home for a great price :-)
1 You get welcomed with staring hateful looks as soon as you open the door " what the hell do you want" kinda look The lady talked to me with her back turned to me and on her comp she didnt bother to turn around. I was asking about their services, i didnt stay inside more than 20 seconds, i give my money to people who show respect and good customer service, definitely not giving my money to people who give me a disgusting look when i walk into their office!!!! They may have good products but definitely not worth one penny with the people who work there
