1 03-23-2013  WARNING ! WARNING ! ALL CITY TOWING IN PHOENIX IN A BUNCH OF THIEVES AND STOLE ALL OF MY CD'S OUT OF MY CAR WHILE IT WAS IN THEIR LOT.  NEVER NEVER NEVER let All City Towing tow your car, it took me until 7pm last night to get my car towed by my insurance to my dealership. The towing are crooks and were trying to hold my car against my orders to release it to my insurance company. All the papers were sent to them to release it but they tryed to hold it until Monday so they could charge for storage. My insurance company AMERICAN FAMILY is the BEST and got my car out after hours of fighting ALL CITY TOWING  RUN IF YOU SEE THEM COMING !!!!!!!
1 This is a Warning about this company from 2011  Jolene W. Tempe, AZ  9/15/2011  STAY AWAY FROM THIS BUSINESS---COMPLETELY UNETHICAL. This towing company is absolutely shady.  They illegally towed my car from a covered spot at my apartment complex, without notice or tag.  (per contract and my lease they have to give notice) They fudged the date of the tow  to try to increase storage fees and cover that they did not submit my car in the tow check to the apartment for review, as is their procedure.  Anyone would be upset at this type of breakdown and injustice to be towed with no notice and no tag and no ability to resxolve it without a tow. Then, when I called in to check on it to "customer service"  the ignorant and unhelpful call center staff were instantly combatitive and unresponsive.  They could not locate a pre-tow photo or a  tow report, or any approval of Apartment management for the tow.  This is supposedly three days(per their fudged tow date) after pick up.  My apartment complex had to call to get them to admit the wrong and cancel all fees, and they won't bring the car back without charging me $110. STAY FAR AWAY.  If you must have a tow, Give your money to reputable businesses, instead.
5 Hats off to my rescuers!!!  All City Towing fetched my disabled Audi on I-10 and delivered it to Discount Tire down on Chandler Boulevard.  Without going into detail, it was parked along the freeway in a difficult spot to be loaded onto the trailer, but the skilled and creative driver made it happen!  All City was there long before they estimated they would be, which made me particularly happy, as it was well over 100 degrees outside!  I will always call All City when I need towing in the future :)
1 Rude people. Dishonest. The place looks like a prison. Stay away from this place!
1 Is there less than one star!!! Horrible experience!!!! My truck was towed from an accident in Scottsdale ($80 plus store fees) fine. Called Mark to have it towed to my body shop and $390 to have towed basically back here it started!!! What????!!!! That's right ! All they said was sorry we make the body shop pay that and bill your insurance company after!!
1 I went to Tempe Tavern, which basically has no parking lot, and had to park in an adjacent parking lot in front of a business that was obviously closed for the day if owned at all.    The towing sign was bent over, not standing erect!  On top of that I couldn't see it cause everyone else was parking there and blocking the one bent sign.  These fuckers towed my car and made me pay $140 cash (their system was down to accept cards) to get my car back.  No warning, no logical understanding, nothing.  Towing companies should focus on towing people who are majorly breaking parking laws like if you're parked halfway on a sidewalk, too far from the curb, blocking an entrance, taking up more than one lane, parking in someone's reserved spot or handicapped, etc.    What's more is they POPPED OFF MY EXHAUST in the process of towing my car!  Are you freaking kidding?  These heartless assholes have no soul!  Oh and they're also rude as shit, the lady on the phone hung up on me.  You should be more understanding when you pissed someone off because they, in my opinion, wrongfully towed my car.  I mean if their fucking sign isn't even displayed correctly why is it even enforced?  We had to wait 20 mins for someone to come and get our car for us, even though right when we got there this one tow was leaving.  All he did was yell (yes YELL) at me to move our car.  I had to ask him a few times what he was saying cause we were just at a concert and my ears were buzzing.  I was like, "I'm sorry we were just at a show what did you-" and he was like, "MOVE YOUR CAR OUT OF THE WAY!" with a huge nasty scowl on his face.
1 This company dishonest,  rude, cheating.  I went to visit my brother appartment town house for 2 hrs I park at the guess area and get tow from this company and they charged me $250 for something I didn't violate. I wish and curse your company cheat people money without soul will go to hell. And all the bad luck will come to you all feom dishonest and rip people off that type of money won't last and will bring u all bad luck. Don't ever use this company.
