1 I tried this Dr's office out several years ago, but ended up changing to a new Dr. because the office they were in was dingy, not in a good area and they were always behind schedule. I found a Dr's office I really liked but after a few years, that Dr. moved.  So I was now looking for a new Dr. again. I saw Sunny Internal Medicine had moved to a new area and thought I'd give them another shot. I made an appt and arrived ten minutes early. After waiting 30+ minutes (from my appt time), I went up to the receptionist and asked how much longer I would have to wait. She said that there was someone still waiting to be seen in one of the rooms and there was still one more patient in front of me, so at least another 30-45 minutes. What?! This was ridiculous. I then asked her if this was normal for their office, to have to wait 30 minutes to an hour to be seen and she said, "Yeah, kinda". I asked for my co-pay back and left. It was better that I knew upfront that every appointment would be like this. Now, still on a the hunt for a new Dr.....
1 After coming to the realization that this practice DOES NOT HAVE AN EMERGENCY CONTACT line and the doctors don't come into the office until 10, I am immediately switching practices.  All I needed was a refill for my baby's antibiotic because she knocked it out of my hand. Now she's late taking her antibiotic by 3 hours - which every doctor would advise against. What am I supposed to do when I can't even get a hold of a real person?   The only people you get to talk to are the schedulers, all other people have to be contacted by voicemail then you have to hope they get back to you in a timely manner.  As soon as she gets her checkup, we're gone.
4 What keeps me from rating them with 5 stars is the wait time.  In general, you will have to wait for your appointment, even if you are early or on-time for your appointment.  But, what I have discovered is that this is because each of the doctors and the PA are extremely thorough.  With smaller children, though, extended wait times can be difficult.  If you can stand the wait, their attention to detail always wins me over.  They primarily treat my three children, but recently, I had a terrible bout of a bacterial stomach bug.  At first, Mr. Dr. Maitra (this is what my kids and I call them, Mr. or Mrs. Dr. Maitra!) thought I was having an appendicitis attack, and after his assessment , referred me immediately to an emergency room.  We even received a call from his office to check that we had gone to the hospital!  The ER did not find appendicitis, and sent me home with directions to stay hydrated and take an anti-diarrheal med if my pain and discomfort continued the next day.  UGH.  I was worse the next day, and again, I received a call from the Maitras' office ,  following up on my ER visit, and encouraging me to check back in with Mr. Dr. Maitra.  I returned the following day, looking worse, and still presenting with extreme pain, so Mr. Dr. Maitra ordered stool cultures. And, he pointed out NOT to take the anti-diarrheal meds because certain stomach bugs will be worsened by the meds! And NOT to drink Gatorade as it is filled with too much sugar which increases the dehydration.  That was the case, let me tell you.  When Mr. Dr. Maitra called to give me the results of my stool culture, it was a great relief that he could prescribe an antibiotic. He read the diagnosis and details of the bacterial infection to me, and it was amazing how it exactly described what I'd been through.  I am very appreciative of his thorough approach to my diagnosis!
2 I gave birth to my son in April of this year, I had not selected a pediatrician for him so we used the one that was on call at the hospital. It happened to be Dr. Subhasis Maitra who was there at the time. From the day one I wasn't happy with him. However I stuck with him and took my son to his office a couple of weeks later. We sat in the waiting room for over 45 minutes passed his appointment time with other patience. This made me very uncomfortable being that my son is a newborn and I did not want him around sick people. Once in the room we waited an additional 15 minutes for the doctor. I asked questions and wasn't really happy with his response. I've taken my son back for follow ups with his nurse Amy who I was also unhappy with, my son has had an issue with milk based formula, I asked her about switching to soy thinking he may be lactose and she insisted on me giving him medication which I unwilling tried for two days and it made my son extremely constipated and he still continued to spit up the bottle more then usual. I would not recommend this office. Find somewhere else.
5 We have been patients of this practice for 10 years now.  Having moved from a city wherein our physicians were referred by our family of physicians, we were used to very good care.  Once we found this practice, we could not believe the care we were/are given.  First, we are listened to.  The doctor weighs all options, refers to specialist if anything is questionable and also has taken the time to confer with our family (brother - an internist)  on occasions.  We have the utmost trust in the doctor and his staff.  Very professional, courteous and if we ever have to wait a while to see the doctor, we know that a patient is getting the needed attention that we will get when we do see the doctor.
