4 Over the past 2 weeks I have been a frequent customer at this particular PetSmart!  I have a new puppy in my house and need lots of treats, dog food and toys!  Of course, Howie, is eating the best dog food around BLUE BUFFALO!  No soy, no gluten, and no corn and best of all no meat by products!!!!!  Yes it is pricey but why wouldn't I want Howie to eat healthy food when I eat healthy food, right?  The toy selection is OK, seriously I know a lot of people don't want to spend money on good toys, but really give me options people!!!  As for the collar and leash selection, HELP!  I have a boy dog and I am a girl-options would be great in this department as well.  Think about it, it is his outfit and he should look fabulous everyday with colors that compliment his coat!  The staff has been great and helpful with little training tricks-nice to have dog lovers work at a pet store.  I would NEVER take Howie into PetSmart as it is just a breeding ground for illness.  Geez, you never know what diseases other animals may bring in.  Not everyone vaccinates their animals or takes care of them the proper way.  Though it is nice to shop with your little 4 legger-they are better left home:)
5 Really like this location because it's conveniently located next to the Dollar Tree and they always have sales on their pet items! After my initial visit, I switched my cats food selection to Blue Buffalo per a cashier's recommendation.  At first I was skeptical looking at the size of the bag & its price tag but as she explained off the top of her head the ingredients and even her own cat's experience with the food, I was sold.   Needless to say, I've been coming back ever since to purchase their food and once in awhile, toys. They have a great selection of feather sticks with any and every attachment you could ever think of. Another plus: they're all pretty reasonably priced!
4 Close to me and my  needs for the dog. I didn't care for one of their dog- groomers, but I haven't had to deal with that person again. They have a great training program, and a lot of information for pet owners. Go in on the weekends if you want to check out potential puppies and kittens to adopt. My dog loves to tag along and smell everything.
5 I'm normally not one to write a review unless it is well deserved. It's rare to find great customer service and help in major retailers these days.  I must say that my experience at Pet Smart "Store # 1900" has been the best I've ever received from any retail company. The moment I entered the store, I was greeted with a friendly hello from "Dione". Now I must say that Dione had an exceptional attitude and got the vibe that she really enjoys her job and loves to help people and pets. She did a great job connecting with me and genuinely wanted to help. She was able to answer my questions and was very knowledgeable about multiple products and manufacturers. Dione also provided me with her personal life experiences when recommending a product.  While I was walking out to my car, I thought to myself, wow I've never been treated that way in a large retail store. She made my experience feel as if it was a mom and pop shop and I will forever be a committed long term customer of Pet Smart because of her. I've worked a managerial position in retail for over 8 years and never came across someone that has exceeded all my expectations in customer service. I wish I could have her on my team. If I was in the position to give her a bonus I would but instead I will be posting this all over the internet, hoping it reaches management at Pet Smart. Please give her some sort of recognition for her efforts. Thanks Dione!
5 The staff is friendly, knowledgable and available at all times. The consistency of the staff will keep us coming back again and again. We went to Petco recently because we were driving past, and quickly realized we've been spoiled at PetSmart. We won't make that mistake again.   We took the beginner and intermediate dog training classes. It was reasonably priced and well worth it! Our puppy loves coming here!!!
5 I have a nine pound cute little furry black and brown pup who absolutely HATES going to the groomers. Lucky for her she's got short hair so she only gets subjected to this every few weeks for a nail trim. I learned long ago that it was way too scary for me to trim them myself, so the wonderfully sweet girls at petsmart take good care of her for me.  $9 for a nail trim or $11 for the grinder which is a pretty great deal. You can also walk in and they will do it while you shop. Bonus.  Every staff member here is friendly and very obviously loves animals.
