1 Stay away!  Many billing issues - front office is not customer helpful.  You must keep track of your own balances and insurance.  They will not help.  I was even billed for services they never did, but even with copies of my walk out statements as proof, they state they can bill per the estimates and do not have to prove they did the work via the walk out statements.
5 Dr. Kang takes a keen interest in all his work and in his patients. Office is friendly and clean with superb equipment. Great location near old town Scottsdale.
5 I have been going to Dr. Kang for a number of years now. Not only has Dr. Kang been extremely nice/helpful, his staff is always there to greet me with a smile.  Whether I am going in for a routine cleaning or something a bit more intensive, I have never had a bad experience.  And, getting to choose what movie or TV show you would like to watch while Dr. Kang and his staff are working on you is an added bonus. I have recommended many friends and co-workers to Dr. Kang and will gladly continue to do so.
5 I cannot say enough about Dr. Kang and his staff. I have had great experiences going to them, and would reccomend them highly. All my visits have been pleasurable and informative. By far the best in the area !
5 The entire office was very professional and friendly.  I was promptly seated and introduced to all the staff members.  With a history of traumatic experiences with other dental offices, Dr. Kang made me very comfortable and at ease.  Overall, I was very pleased with my first visit at Pure Dental and I would highly recommend them to all my friends & family.
5 I was very pleased with my first visit.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly. Dr. Kang was extremely professional and very knowledgeable with a good sense of humor.  I highly recommend this practice!
5 Wow - this place is out of time - a really personal dental practice where they are going to remember your name and TRULY care about you - you will not be advised that you need work that you truly do not need!!! My story : briefly: I went to Dr Kang only after getting a couple opinions from other offices (they turned out , I think, to be part of corporate national chains).  When I saw Dr Kang I did not tell him that I already had other opinions. I did not tell him or the staff that i had recently seen another dentist - so I let Dr Kang take check-up x-ray. He did an exam, looked at the xrays the lady took, clled out a bunch of things to her as he looked through my mouth (so I am thinking : here we go - I need a LOT of work).  But at the end when he sat me up to go over his  findings  hwe only recommended ONE thing!!!!!!!!!!!!!  One lousy crown!!!!!!! Fair enough - so I set up to do it ! I'll be back!   cjh
5 I started going to Pure Dental three years ago and I have been very pleased with his service.   Dr. Kang's exams are very thorough and the staff is extremely friendly.  The customer service I have received in the past three years has been great and I would recommend Dr. Kang to anyone looking for an honest and experienced dentist.
5 I have been going to Dr. Kang for about two years now. He is very accommodating with my schedule, cares about the quality of his work and his patients. I have had a root canal and multiple fillings done since going there. He recommended going every three months for a cleaning and I try to stick to it because I trust his opinion. Looking for a new Dentist? I wouldn't go anywhere else!   (Just had a cleaning tonight at 5PM and I was far from his last appointment. Just to give you an idea how flexible his hours are.)
