1 Dr. Primack is absolutely the worst doctor I've encountered in my 57 years.  I had just started the program when his office double billed me.  When I called the office about it, they were rude, but we finally settled the issue, or so I thought, and I was given a refund.  The nest day I went in to see Dr. Primack.  I wasn't going to bring up the payment as I considered it taken care of.  The first thing Primack brought up, however, was the payment.  He could not conceive of his office making a mistake and continued to harangue me about it for the next ten minutes.  He then stated that he no longer wished to see me as a patient and that I should consult the yellow pages if I desired to see a weight loss doctor.  My advice is to stay away from this jerk.  There are other weight loss programs that are just as effective and that are far less costly.  Primack may have been on Dr. Oz, but as a person he leaves much to be desired.
5 With the help of Scottsdale Weight Loss, I learned how to make food work for me, not against me. After trying many diets with limited success, I lost the 30 extra pounds I had been carrying around for 15 years, quickly and painlessly. The SWLC program combines meal replacements, exercise, and useful classes in an encouraging and positive environment. The entire staff is inspiring and friendly. Dr. Primack's expertise in the weight loss field continues to keep me motivated and on-track. I am thrilled with the new and improved me - both physically and mentally. I now have the knowledge and tools necessary to manage my eating and maintain my motivation.
5 Best weight loss center!  I lost 55 pounds and just put on pants I haven't warn in a decade!!!  I have tried every diet, and this place is different. A friend who had lost 70 lb here told me not to go elsewhere, and I am so glad I did!  I was skeptical, as I was always told you can't lose more than 1-2 lbs per week. Not true. I quickly learned that the rapid weight loss kept me motivated. No hunger!!!  I learned how to keep it off, something lacking from the HCG diet I had failed before.  Because you have expert doctors (Craig Primack and Robert Ziltzer) guiding you, you feel supported the whole way. I wish I had not wasted my time and come here sooner. Well worth every penny!
5 Everyone in the practice is so kind and supportive from the women at the front desk, the MAs, the teachers and first and foremost Dr Primack.  It is tough to be overweight and it isn't easy to decide to take control and try to change your life and do the work necessary to make the needed changes and see the results And everyone here understands that and is behind you, there to help and support you and quick to let you know how much progress you are making.  Dr Primack is one of the kindest most caring doctors ever. He shares his own triumphs with his patients and has great motivational tactics as well as a terrific bedside manner.  Dr Primack is as down to earth and kind as a person could ever want a doctor to be.  This is a Rigorous program but changing ones life is never easy and these people make it as easy as it can be and show so much compassion and care.  Having seen lots of experts for weight loss and tried tons of diets I never knew it would be possible to see the results I have so far and really change my entire life.  I am so proud of my decision to take part in this program and I will be really sad when I hit my ultimate goal and don't get to come here every week and see Dr Primack every 2 weeks.  This is a wonderful place and it's not an easy program but it works and changes your life while transforming you.
