1 EBAY is awful, does not help the sellers when a buyer lies about a sellers item.  EBAY protects the buyer even though the buyer lies and has no photos or proof when the seller does.  EBAY will refund the buyer against the seller even with EBAY appeals, it is not worth selling on EBAY, there are better sites.
1 Ebay is terrible at protecting honest buyers and sellers.  Just had a situation where the buyer claimed shipping damage.  The buyer initially requested a discount and to keep the item.  I requested the packing materials be photographed and preserved to see the damage.  The buyer intentionally discarded the packing materials and then refused to cooperate with the UPS investigators.  Ebay doesn't care, they issued a refund despite the buyer's refusals and are holding money in my Pay Pal account hostage telling me if I don't pay them back they will send to collections.  I have sent numerous emails to eBay and they all go without response.    I am done with eBay.  They are terrible and the lack of service is nonexistent.
1 I agree with another disappointed reviewer. Ebay does protect the buyer who abuses their protection plan and disregards the seller with good products and who goes out of their way to satisfy the buyer. In my case the buyer claimed the product was not as described. It is one of the few ways the buyer can get around the "no refund, no return" condition, as one of the Ebay service people explained to me. In my case, a certified technician confirmed the item was working and had none of the failures the buyer claimed. I explained this to Ebay but they refunded the buyer the money anyway. I appealed, but they just wrote back "We're sorry there was a problem this transaction [sic]. However, after further review, we confirmed that our original decision was correct."  It is unclear how they arrived at this conclusion. The product was good and as described. How can Ebay support a buyer who lies like this. Ebay is not an expert with these items. It's pretty clear to me ... I'm not a big seller. It's just not worth doing the right thing because I'm too small. Other Ebay sellers I've talked to with larger volume transactions, say that Ebay enforces their "no return, no refund" condition, even when the buyer uses a loop-hole. It seems this business has little interest in transacting correctly, and enough lacks integrity for me. I will be avoiding Ebay.
