4 I love St. Lukes you have saved my life. After being an inpatient for a week over a week ago, I have also been attending outpatient therapy for over a month now. Very caring staff but like the other reviewer said, if your a vegetarian watch out, there are limited options!
5 I was a patient in the ER with an electrical burn. I was seen pretty quickly and the staff was friendly and efficient. Nurse Michelle was helpful in answering all my questions. They even sent me home with reading material for my situation.  I had to pay a visit to the lab and they were great.   Kudos to the ED and Lab for making my unfortunate situation a comfortable & caring visit.
4 Old, kind of in a ghetto area, but I get free lunch! Or breakfast. Other than that, good place to go.
4 Hosptial is great overall. The neighborhood surrounding it...not so much.
2 The only reason why I'm giving them 2 stars and not zero is because the nurse in the ER was nice.  I went there for a simple UTI, i was pretty much the only patient there, yet it took them over 2 hours to test my urine for bacteria while i got to sit there in pain waiting.  After all of that, i got charged $2000.  For a simple UTI, really?!  They didnt even give me antibiotics and pain relievers to hold me off til I got my prescriptions.  On top of that, i had a flareup 2 days later so i went to a clinic by me and the doc there told me i was given the wrong antibiotics so i was given new ones by the clinic.  Guess what?  It gets even better.  I kept calling st lukes to see when they were going to send me my bill so that i could pay it off and when they finally did, it said "final notice" so i paid it instantly online.  The next day i get a phone call from them saying i didnt pay them.  Really?!  I had them check their records and they found that i did in fact pay it.  Dont waste your time with this place, youre better off with a clinic or even urgent care.
4 This hospital is surprisingly not bad at all for being in the projects.  The states best orthopedic surgeon operates here so they must be doing something right.  Doctors and nurses are great - never a problem and always readily available.  The rooms are clean and recently updated - one bed per room which is always nice. The cafeteria could use a face lift.
1 I went in for Inpatient for help with depression voluntarily, what I did not expect was the jail-like atmosphere. If they try to send you to Adult 5 level DO NOT GO!!! There is NO HELP, staff does bare minimal and just "goes through the motion" and does not address any issues patients have and just hand you medication as the answer. The nurses tried to give me medication and when I refused they tried to tell me it was prescribed by the dr., who I had never met! Let alone it was a highly addictive medication and no one had explained to me why I was being prescribed to take it. And to add to horror a fight broke out between two patients in the first 5 min I was there and staff did nothing to resolve it besides putting one person in the "non-padded room" without addressing why the two were in conflict. Making it the nurses entertainment for the night. Not wanting to give up hope and get help I asked to be discharged or to move to another unit. The next day I was moved to detox unit, where the only thing that was consistent were the 6am vital checks, snack breaks and smoke breaks. There were hardly any interactions with the nurses and doctors with the patients. On the board the nurses write a full day filled with group therapy, meals, activities, etc., and the only thing that was really offered were the meals. After being there for two days I felt worse than when I had gone in. So by the third day to save my sanity and what little hope I had left, I DEMANDED to be discharged. To add insult to injury when I got the medical bill for 5,000 for three days in hell it made me sick to my stomach. Any advice I can give is that staff does not care, it's dirty, and don't take medication without questioning....the pluses are free cable and food is descent. Be ready for a 5 hr wait to get in and out of all the nurses only two treated me like a real person.
1 Never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, never, NEVER go to this place! Apparently it has a reputation and I can tell you IT IS WELL DESERVED. I arrived in an ambulance with extreme abdominal pain, ten on a scale from one to ten. We had been told other hospitals were turning ambulances away because they were so busy, which is why we came to this one. This ER was busy as well, but that is still no excuse for the horrible care I received. I was left for two hours without anyone checking on me ONCE when I first got there. When they finally did see to us, we had to constantly beg for nausea medication, pain medication, blankets, and information again and again before anyone would help us. They didn't have several basic medical supplies. There was gauze soaked in somebody else's blood when I arrived to my room and it stayed there on the floor the entire time I was there. It turns out I had to have an emergency surgery to remove an ovary, a very traumatic procedure for someone as young as me. There was no support system, no comfort, no understanding from the staff, only rudeness. Now, to be fair, the staff the morning of my surgery and the night after my surgery were kind and appeared to be trying and the people who were involved during the surgery and its prep seemed ok and competent, but somebody misread my ultrasound or CT scan and almost caused major complications during the surgery. My last nurse was the worst of them all. She was impossible to get ahold of and other nurses and students kept having to cover for her. I kept hearing people wondering where she was and others replying that she was on break again. When she did come in response to my pressing the call button, she was extremely rude, mean, and condescending.  She looked at me like I was crazy when I asked for aftercare instructions and told me just to "rest up"! I kept having to ask her again and again to call my surgeon for the post op instructions and to answer some questions I had. She kept insinuating that I should leave and there was no reason for me to still be there and I kept having to explain to her that I was waiting on her to call the surgeon. She was so inattentive and rude! When I was finally ready to go, she had a clumsy and inexperienced student take out my IV even though I had previously explained that I was not good with needles, probably as a repayment for pressing the nurse call button the ridiculously amount of ONCE or TWICE an HOUR! Usually to ask for something I had already asked for and not received! Just a horrible hospital full of extremely rude, incompetent people who don't care a whit!
5 My husband had a knee replacement by Dr. Chow at St. Luke's.   Besides having the best knee replaceement surgeon, he was treated well and nursing and PT staff were  attentive to his needs.  In fact they were even attentive to mine - his nurse even gave me a pillow!  I have visited hospitals all over the world and none compares to St. Lukes.  Patient food is good and cafeteria food is fantastic!  Pork tenderloin with figs in a sauce and wonderfully seasoned jasmine rice - outstanding.  I texted my children that we were being treated like visiting dignitaries...they stopped worrying when they heard that.  I will do anything possible to return to St Lukes for any procedure needed in the future.
1 My wife and I were on vacation when she had a seizure in the airport and EMS took us to St. Luke's because it is so close (I'm guessing). If we had just been in the ER I would give this place a FIVE STAR. The ER staff were all so friendly and courteous to my wife and myself. We have been in several hospitals before and no place has ever been so kind and caring especially for myself who waits by the bedside the whole time. Rebecca, Colleen, and Lee Asked me several times if the patient needed anything, made sure she had blankets to stay warm and made sure she had pain medicine for the after care from the seizure and fall. They even brought me water and made sure I ate a meal even after I refused so I could stay in the room! The ER definitely went out of their way to make us feel like we were being taken care of....  UNFORTUNATELY, as soon as my wife was admitted and taken upstairs to be further evaluated overnight the care totally flipped and turned for the worse. The nurses were not friendly, very short with us and showed no kindness. We had to ask several times what was even going on and why she wasn't getting medication. When the neurologist came in, he never mentioned anything about taking my wife off pain medicine or anything and that is when things got even worse. He prescribed her with a new seizure medication, that turns out the hospital doesn't even carry! So my wife went the whole night without seizure medication. The doctors said they just wanted to release her.... Because of the lack of medicine she ended up having one more seizure! The nurses told us the heart monitor and video surveillance they use to monitor seizure patients would tell them she was having a seizure, but i was the one who had to run out and tell them more than halfway through the seizure (I stayed by her side thinking they would be alerted and come in). They came in to the room only to leave right after. I noticed the heart monitor cables had come off during the seizure so I let one of the nurses know and they said they would come back in. Over 30 minutes passed and during that time I had to find someone in the hallways to find me a puke bucket and help get her situated again in bed (thank you male nurse not assigned to my wife's room). It wasn't until I hung up with Patient Relations(PR) that a CNA came in to help put the heart monitor back in place and working properly and that vital signs were taken. The PR came up and that's when the day doctor finally came in to see the patient. She let us know that she is following the neuros notes and that my wife wasn't even prescribed meds for seizures. She proceeded to pull me out of the room to tell me the nephrologist believes my wife is either attention seeking or wanting drugs and the seizures are fake!!!!! You can imagined frustration and outrage of this comment and what any person would do for their loved one hurting.... For the next two hours I argued and fought for patient rights and even asked for a new doctor. It was then THE DOCTOR CAME BACK AND ADMITTED SHE READ THE PATIENTS CHART WRONG AND THAT THE NEURO PRESCRIBED SEIZURE MEDS AND WHAT SHE SAID WAS WRONG!!!! THIS MEANS THE DOCTOR LIED AND NEVER EVEN HAD A CONVERSATION WITH THE NEUROLOGIST!!!! Even after we asked for a new doctor the hospital never gave us a new one and I even told them that if they weren't going to given wife proper care to just give us the same medication she was previously on so we could get home. They refused still. The nurse finally came in and took the IVs out but then walked out without a word. We were left  in there for ten minutes before we decided that we couldn't take any more and since she had all tubes out we should just leave. Mind you the hospital did not leave us with any prescriptions or anything even after three seizures in 24 hours!!! Never ever EVER EVER go to this hospital whether you live here or are going on vacation. They do not respect the patients or give them any rights!!!! They have no bedside manor, no empathy. These people should not be in the health care field, nor do they care about the people, it is all about money to these heartless greedy people.
1 The worst hospital care I have ever observed. My wife had to be taken here after she developed severe abdominal pain on a flight to Phoenix.   The ER team was nice but quite unorganized. It took them 5 hours to transfer her out of ER and admitted to the hospital. After another seven hours the team on the floor still did not have her test results from ER. But they sure as Hell made it a priority to get her gall bladder surgery scheduled for the afternoon - yes, without the test results. We insisted on being discharged (which took another three hours) and moved to another hospital.
1 We went to the ER a few years ago, my gf had a temp of 102, stomache pain the nurse took her temp, the Dr walked in stood by the door and said its a bug going around, gave her a tylonol  and sent her home a hour later we went back she felt worse her temp was 101 told the new Dr we were there a hour ago, told him it must be changing of the guards because the other Dr didn't even go near her, he got pissed and said he would take care of it, he did testing and she was admitted, it was her gall bladder and not a bug going around !!! Dr said she would not be charged for the visit ummm DUH  now this week my gf thought she had strep, she no longer has insurance at her company, the nurse came in and said she was weezy looked at her throat and said the Dr will be in and she would need antibotics, a hour later admitting came in and said the DR will not see her since she had no insurance, unless she paid the full amount up front, they would not do payment arrangements since it was not a life threating, they did no testing for strep and  he refused to even just give her a prescription, we left and went to St Joes Hospital where she was seen by a Dr and giving tests which showed she had strep, gave her antibotics and helped her with signing up for Mercy Care and this is WHY WE WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOSPITAL TO ANYONE, Maricopa Medical Central is only a few blocks away  and St Joes Hospital is 15 mins away  STAY AWAY FROM THIS CRAPPY HOSPITAL
2 If we could get my g-parents network switched over, I'd NEVER have them return to this St Lukes.  Quality of care seriously depends on who's on shift and what floor you're on.  Cath-Lab and ICU staff has always been fantastic, but staff on the 7th floor is a hit or a miss.  Likewise with staff in the ER.   Seriously makes me wonder WHY some people get into the medical field, when they clearly are not cut out for working in that type of environment.
