1 I would stay away from this office!! The owner of this dental office was going to overcharge me on my dental work. Luckily I called my dental insurance plan and they gave me the correct prices and said dentists cannot go over the insurance limits; that will be considered fraudulent activity. The front office person was very sweet and changed the prices back to what it should be. The dentist and hygienist were great too. BUT I could never trust the owner of that office again! Anybody who has a dental plan, please make sure you check your plan co-payments vs. dental office co-payments! You don't want to be a victim of insurance fraud. I am sure this is not the only dentist office who does this...so just be aware.
5 Had a amazing experience in this office! I was on a work trip and had crazy pain in my tooth. I called West Valley Dental and there office took care of me right away! The doctor and staff were very sweet, they made sure I was comfortable and to take care of the pain I was in. can't thank them enough! Very reasonable prices and quality service!!!!!
1 I went to this place because I had purchased a Groupon deal that included x-rays, a cleaning, and teeth whitening.  After an hour and fifteen minutes there I am with x-rays, a dental hygienist telling me I need to floss, and no cleaning.  I expected the whitening to happen on a different visit, but not even a cleaning? After over an hour?
1 This practice is not even worthy of one star.  The clinical director is a complete jackass.  The gal who did the x-rays was very nice, but that is all I can say favorable about this office.  Don't be suckered in with this special. The first thing they do is x-rays and if you have any signs of a gum problem, they stop right then and there and will not honor the Groupon special. How is one to know if they have a gum problem until you get an x-ray. They can't make any money off of you. Oh, and they don't tell you that they will not do the cleaning or whitening on the same day of your appointment. Don't waste your time by totally feeling swindled. And, they WOULD NOT honor a refund!!!!
5 This is a great dental office. They saved me $1500 and worked hard to find the best plan for my son. They were very friendly!! The dental hygienist gave my 3 year old a mask, gloves, and allowed her to pretend she was the dentist. She sat in the waiting room watching a Disney movie.  My 8 year old was very comfortable here. We will continue to come here.
