2 They do good nails, but I am not a fan of having to wait when I have an appointment scheduled and watch new customers take a turn in front of me because they think I will keep coming back. Typical visit for pedicure and fill was 3 - 4 hours. I don't have that kind of time on my hands and don't appreciate the disrespect.
4 My first experience was great! Clean, friendly, and the salon itself is a nice atmosphere. I will be back!
5 Holy happy toes, Batman!  Well, the selfish side of me wanted to skip this review, as the last thing I need is for my new favorite nail place to be packed, but, I can't not share such a wonderful shop!  Based on the other yelp reviews, I dropped in today for a walk-in pedi.  Holly was my nail tech, and she is amazing.  The entire staff was friendly, without being intrusive and over-bearing.  First off, the chairs.  Brand new, with really good massage options.  NO broken buttons like you find at some worn out shops.  Secondly, when Holly came to do my nails, she opened in front of me a brand new, sterilized package of instruments.  This was after I saw another tech scrub out the basin after another customer else left.  Needless to say, this place is CLEAN.  Holly did an incredible job.  I have had hundreds of pedi's in my life, and bar none- this was the best.  No one ever spent so much time scrubbing and beautifying my feet.  She was meticulous, and didn't rush.  Also, my nails were cut evenly.  You ladies know how annoying it is when you get your toes done and the nails are at different lengths.  NOT HERE.  :)  Oh, and when the time came for the leg massage, Holly went to fetch an individually-sized bowl of, get this, WARM lotion.  I never even got this spending $75 for a spa pedi at Elizabeth Arden in Manhattan.  In fact, I've never seen it done.  But boy, was that nice!  Polish job was great, too.  And I always get a big toe design, and this didn't disappoint either.  Extremely artistic.  All the girls in the shop had really jazzy toe designs (I look for this kind of thing - lol).  Yes, this place is a bit of a distance from my home, and we know nail shops are on every corner in this town, but to find a great one like Princess - it's worth the trip.    Price of this stellar pedi?  $20 for the base model, $5 for most add-ons.  They do all the typical stuff - from basic mani/pedi's, to the higher end hot wax options.  My only suggestion - definitely make an appointment.  They really will not rush through your pedi like most places do, so without an appointment, you may wait a bit to see someone.
4 My favorite part of this place is the massage chairs and the foot massages they give!  I've been here twice.  The first time wasn't great, but I liked my toenails.  I got there early and they put me in a chair to soak my feet with water that was freezing cold.  The second time was better, but I didn't love my nail designs.  It came out looking like a "Bollywood" design.  I guess next time I should be more specific about what type of design I want instead of just saying I want nail art.    They have a lot of colors, but they seem to have a lot of the dark reds and not as much in the light pink department.  I thought about bringing in my own color.  I like that they give you a list of options to choose from so that you know exactly what everything is and what it costs.
1 I sadly, have to update my review and pan this place.  I had an appointment for today, and I was kept waiting 25 minutes.  Then, when my girl finally got around to me, about 5 minutes into my service, she stopped, and said she had a quick manicure she had to do. (!!).  I was beside myself.  I was ready to bolt, but was halfway though a pedicure!    Yes, the work is great, but the customer service is pathetic.  I think what they do is just take everyone who either calls, or walks in the door.  Then they make everyone wait.  When you live in a city with a nail salon every 20 feet, this isn't the way you build a customer base. If I walked in (as I did for my first service), I'd expect to wait.  But to have an appointment, be kept waiting almost 30 minutes, then have the person up and take someone else in the MIDDLE is just atrocious.  They lost me as a customer for good.
5 I visited my dad from California and my little sister brought me to princess nails! Best nails ever!!! Best design and best service! I wish I lived in Arizona so I could come every week! Princess nails blew California out of the water! Thank you! Made my vacation much better!!
1 I went to this salon and was initially impressed with the atmosphere but that's all I found attractive to this business. I got a gel manicure that didn't even last a week. Then I went back to have my nails redone and the woman that did my nails did everything wrong. She cut all my nails off, tried to upsell me to the more expensive gel tips, which I'm allergic too, put too much layers of gel polish on my nails and the did a horrible nail design; making my nails look absolutely terrible. By then I just wanted out of that place, so I suffered with those gross nails for a few days before I went somewhere else to get them repaired.
5 Great service and nice work! After living here for 8 months I've finally found a place worth coming back to! Holly did an excellent job!
2 I went to Princess Nails after hearing good things about this establishment only to be let down. During my eyebrow wax the technician did a poor job by not listening to my requests, she did not soothe my just waxed skin with any type of cooling gel, and left wax and hair on my face after the wax.
1 If I could give this establishment 0 stars I would. I have been to this establishment a number of times because it is close to my house and kept hoping that one mishap after another was just a coincidence. It was not! They put an acrylic top coat on my gel manicure which burned my nails and destroyed them. When I went back to have it fixed, rather then taking them off, they just put another layer on top of the mess they had already made. It was a disaster trying to fix them  at another nail salon. Why did I go back you ask, it is across the street from where I live. The final straw for me was getting my eyebrows waxed here. They are totally uneven and they left a bald spot in my left eyebrow. Thank god I have bangs!!! It will take me months to get them back to what they looked like before.save yourself a trip and do not go to this place!!!!
5 I recently moved up to Carefree Highway and had been looking for a good nail salon. I tried quite a few only to be disappointed by the quality of work. I feel like I have finally found a place I can become a regular at! The gel nail color selection is huge and Lee and John are by far my favorite. Their work is always perfect! The salon has a nice atmosphere, everyone is always so friendly, and the mani and pedis are always on point. I always tell anyone I know looking for a nail salon to look no further. Love love love!
1 Not too great. Rushed job on my nails. Pointed out the gel polish on my thumbs and other fingers was bubbling and wrinkling. They said it was ok. When I pulled out my hands from the light they took a nail buffer to it then added more clear coat. Horrible. Peeled off the next day.
