1 i really can't see ever going back here unfortunately unless it's for a tube or something very generic.  bought an overpriced bike computer here on saturday.  there were 2 older guys in there, one pretty useless and then the other one who was more helpful.  came back on sunday because i couldn't get it to measure the speed.  only the useless older guy was there seeming overwhelmed with the 3 customers in the store and severely out of breath from having to bring a repaired bike out from the back.   he had no idea what to do and said his mechanic was in on tuesday.  then he asked me if i'd even bought the computer there.  i said, yes, about 18 hours ago and we'd even talked for a while during the purchase.  i guess he didn't recognize me or the computer that his store sold.  anyways - landis isn't that far away - definitely go there instead.  palo verde has about 25 bikes for sale in the store and about 1 of everything else - so don't expect to have much choice in anything.   not sure if anyone in this store had been on a bike in the past 20 years.  landis is on shea & scottsdale and has a ton of bikes for sale, a lot of other gear & equipment and a fully stocked repair shop.
5 Wanted to write a proper review that Palo Verde bikes deserves. Let me start off by saying I am a competitive MTB racer, Xterra triathlete and avid road cyclist. I expect quality service done on my bikes and dont want to be jared around. Keith who is the main mechanic has provided me with nothing but top service on my bikes and does not charge an arm and leg for it. Russ, the owner of the shop is a straight shooter. He will not feed you a bunch of bull and help you find exactly you need. If the shop does not have what you are looking for, they will get it. The prices in the shop are very good compared to some of the other shops in the area. Trust me, I know. I have used them all. As far as bike selection, they carry a lot of entry level to competive bikes. They are 1 of only 2 BMC dealers in the valley. If anyone knows anything about those bikes, they would know they are top of the line racing machines. Sometimes they are packed full of bikes and accessories but just like everyone else, they can run out. I totally recommend them as you can see. They are honest guys that wont rip you off or stear you into the wrong direction.
1 We should have read the Yelp reviews before going to this place, but after now 2 bad experiences, I feel the need to write a review.   DO NOT go here. The first time we went, it was to get  new tubes for my bike. We even brought a tube in so we would get the correct size replacements. This older man working at the counter was like a Mr-Know-It-All barely looking at the tire and spouting off what size he thought it was. Then he goes to the back and gets us the replacement tubes, which we bought then brought home. Upon putting these tubes on my bike, they were the wrong size! So back we went to exchange them, yet they apparently ran out of thorn resistant tubes for my Schwinn so we bought the regular ones. Funny thing is, this man told us that they are the only bike shop in PHX to carry thorn resistant tubes for Schwinn, yet we weren't sure why they had none in stock.  A week later, the tubes popped and we went back to get replacements again. And again, this useless man gave the wrong size. We are bringing them back now and telling him we are never go back there again.   There are plenty of other, better bike shops in PHX and Scottsdale...I'll just find one with good ratings on Yelp!
