4 This is a great place to stay in the Chandler area.  However, a few caveats: if you have a room with a connecting door, you can hear the person in the next room through the door. Also, my room faced the basketball court where the ball was occasionally bouncing sometimes late into the night.  The hallways are a bit sterile and could use some artwork, and Foxnews was usually playing in the lobby every morning (I guess it's hard to find a neutral cable news channel these days). The positives are that the staff is friendly and helpful, all areas of the hotel clean and safe, and the rooms are very comfortable. There are two flat-screen televisions -- one in your bedroom and one in the kitchen -- and the free breakfasts and dinners are convenient. The dinners included Shock Top beer and California wine. There's also a pool, and the hotel is close to the nearby shopping mall, a public golf course, and a variety of restaurants/bars.
4 This is a great, new property with an excellent staff.  I had no issues with "thin" walls nor Fox News.  I asked them to change the channel and they offered me the remote.  The food is great as is the location.
4 This hotel was awesome! I'm used to cheap motels, so I was super impressed. I came here with a bunch of family members for a trip to Phoenix over this past Christmas (we took up four rooms) and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Each room we had had a kitchenette including a fridge, microwave, mini electric stove top, coffee pot, dishwasher, and plates/silverware/glasses. The bedroom was separate from the kitchen/siting area (which included a hide-a-bed couch). Breakfast and dinners were included, and while the food wasn't the best, it was definitely convenient for the large group issue. Fox and CNN were the programs most often shown in the morning, one on each TV, and the front desk staff were always willing to change the channel if you requested it (my brother and I commandeered a TV to watch Mythbusters one night- awesome!). Housekeeping was a little weird due to the holiday, but we never had any issues getting fresh towels or more soap. There are also laundry facilities on the property- big plus for me, since I really dislike traveling with dirty clothing. My brother was a fan of the fitness room- he said the equipment was pretty new, well maintained, and that there were bottles of disinfectant available to wipe down handles of the eleiptical/treadmill.
4 New property with friendly staff, clean rooms, comfy beds, and good location near shopping. Only negative is that it doesn't carry all of the TV channels I like, that's important to the business traveler in me (eh em...Disney channel *cough* get it *cough*).
4 I stayed at this particular location of the Homewood Suites last year when I happened to be in the Phoenix area for a short vacation.  I had previously stayed in the Tempe area but wanted to branch out beyond that area.  And given I wanted to do some shopping at the nearby Fashion Center, I chose this particular Homewood Suites as the basis for my stay.    Located right off of AZ-101 Loop and Price Road the Homewood Suites is about a  1/2 hour drive from the Sky Harbor International Airport.  Situated next to the Hampton Inn and Suites it can be a little tricky to find if you are not paying attention.  However once you become familiar with Spectrum Blvd and its location, things become quite a bit easier.  The hotel shares a parking lot with the Hampton Inn and both buildings resemble each other.    On this particular stay I chose to stay in a Studio and was given a room on the top floor overlooking the pool.  The staff was very good at accommodating special requests and I found the front desk staff to be the best thing about the hotel.  They were very warm and welcoming and were quick to jump in for assistance.  The room itself was very comfortable and the bathroom was particularly large.  I do however want to mention that the rooms come with showers so if you are looking for a place to stay for a long soak in the tub or Jacuzzi bath, this is not it.  Also particularly helpful is the full size kitchen that each room boasts.    Perhaps my biggest complaint was while I was in a non-smoking room I did have to walk through the area of the smoking rooms which they seem to place right off the elevators.  So you are able to smell smoke drifting in from those rooms.  And if you happen to be migraine sensitive like I am, this can be a big turn off.  I mentioned this particular issue at check out and was credited a free nights stay.  I do wish this was a smoke free hotel but it is not something that is going to stop me from staying here in the future.  In the even I'm in a similar location I will take a different stairwell.    As a Hilton Honors Diamond member I am usually brand loyal towards Hampton Inn and Suites.  But my experience at this particular location was such a positive one with its friendly staff that I will happily stay here again in the future.
5 Very clean, amazingly beautiful inside and out, and what really won me over was the staff. They were so friendly and always had a smile on their face. And to top it all off, one of the housekeepers left me a note that said, "I hope you have a great weekend". How amazing is that? It totally made my day.
2 I'll start with the positives.  The staff have all been friendly.  The room is new but small.    This has to be the noisiest hotel I've ever stayed in.  I can tell when I walk that there is little soundproofing and I feel like I'm stomping.  The noise from up stairs is so loud that it feels like someone is parked outside our hotel with a loud stereo with bass set to high.  Unfortunately, we can hear people all the way down the hallway walking from inside the room, and from rooms all around us, not just above us.  Not to mention the freeway that's about 200 feet away.  I was thinking that I could alleviate the problem next time by staying on the fourth (and top) floor but....  The hotel allows smoking in some rooms, and they're all on the fourth floor.  We are on a non-smoking floor without a smoking room supposedly near us.  The room smells of smoke.  Call the front desk, and they were nice enough to send someone looking for whoever is smoking, but told us that the vent system is interconnected and smoke is going to get in our room.  Speaking of the smallish room for a suite, there is only one bedroom which is in the master bedroom of course.  So if you have kids or someone else staying with you, don't expect any privacy.  They serve a dinner Monday through Thursday which looked quite good for hotel food, but we didn't partake.  Unfortunately, the breakfast was horrible.  We all thought the eggs tasted like the instant kind, though they may well have not been.  The selection was scrambled eggs, premade omelettes, some kind of ham, cinnamon pancakes and a waffle maker, along with yogurt, cereals, etc.  I'd never stay here again.  If you don't mind the smell of smoke and can sleep through anything, I guess this is the place for you.
