4 Altered Tails has done three spays (one adult cat, two kittens) and two neuters (both kittens) for me, and all of the cats were very well cared for. The staff are professional and no-nonsense. The waiting room and parking lot are clean, although occasionally noisy. I've seen plenty of small dogs (and medium, and big) here, and they had no problem with anesthetizing small female kittens, so I don't know what the previous reviewer is talking about.  I'm adopting a stray tom who needs vax and snippening. I'm bringing him to AT. 'nuff said?
5 I brought my 2, male, three year old pugs in to get neutered. The staff was so very friendly with the people there and the animals. Check in took maybe half an hour and I was 5th in line. Pick up was super easy and quick. I would highly recommend this wonderful low cost spay neuter clinic to anyone!  Keep up the great work.  The ONLY inconvenience I had was the entrance was around the back of the building and I park in the front at first.
3 Excelllent staff, really affordable spay and neuter and clinical services; took very good care of my prized kitten, no problems at all. NO EXCUSES now! Get those animals spayed and neutered--thousands of pets are being euthanized in Maricopa country every year! Don't be part of the problem, be part of the SOLUTION!!! REVISED:  My stray kitten developed FVC (feline calicci virus) a week after being neutered there, then spread it to two other cats, costing me almost 400.00 in vets fees!! Tho I DO think this place is worth the $, I would STRONGLY CAUTION you NOT take a cat or dog that hasn't been vaccinated there...I had never even HEARD of this virus till the neutered boy stopped eating and we saw very painful sores all through his mouth; he's doing better now and the others are on there way to recovery as well. Altered Tails DOES have a caution on their receipt about not being responsible if your animal picks up a disease---- would have been nice to see that FIRST, not after surgery was done! Still better than overpopulation by unaltered pets!
5 This is such a wonderful service! Altered tails provides low cost spay and neutering services for dogs and cats. When I broght in my boxer there were several repeat customers there, so that has to say something. The volunteers are all very friendly and caring.  The facility was clean, and my dog had no ill effects from his surgery. I would definitely recommend this place versus a standard vet. My vet wanted over $300 to neuter, altered tails charged $95.  There is a bit of a wait at drop pff and pick up- but for those of us struggling a bit financially- well worth the time.
5 Had my kittie spayed here during the beat the heat promo. AWESOME service. Great people who care about pets and owners and make sure everyone is comfortable. Its been about 2 weeks now since her surgery, and no complaints. She is happier as am I. I will use them again and recommend them highly.
5 Just a quick update- Altered tails runs regular specials for kitties to come in and get "fixed up" for $25.00.  This is just a really nice option. Even if you have pet insurance, and can afford the regular vet fees- most of us know someone that can use the assistance.
4 Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. They offer such great services to the valley, I cannot begin to thank them enough.   Spaying/neutering your dog/cat is so so important, and altered tails makes it more affordable so hopefully responsible pet owners will come here.   They also offer low cost vaccines which is another bonus for your beloved pet.
