3 This was a nice CLEAN place. However, the thing I did not like was that the guy doing my pedi kept stopping to greet people walking in and answer the phone. Super annoying. Took longer than expected because of all the interruptions.
1 Went in for a shellac manicure.  First time in but figured I try it since I got a coupon in the mail and it's right around the corner. I was pleasantly surprised with the fluent English spoken by both women there.  The service was pleasant and we all 3 chatted the whole time.  Outside of a few inappropriate personal comments made to me by what I'd consider an otherwise well meaning girl in her early 20s, I planned on going back.  Unfortunately, once I presented the coupon upon checking out, all of a sudden the 2 perfectly fluent women began commenting to each other in their native language, causing me to wonder what the need for that was.  Their open friendly attitudes also changed.  I paid, customarily tipped the tech and left.  Makes me wonder why they issue a coupon if they're just gonna make you feel bad about using it? I've had Shellac done before and it has lasted a full 2 weeks. This time however, little chips had formed on 2 nails 2 days later, another nail cracked and broke off after 1 week, as well as experiencing lifting at the base after a week.   For me, the abrupt change in language indicated they probably weren't saying anything nice about me.  Paired with sub par quality of nails, I won't be going back.
1 Don't go to this place! I googled for a nail salon close to another appointment I had in the area and that's how I came upon it.  I called ahead for a pedicure appointment and when I got there they sat me in a broken salon chair, put water in the foot basin and then kept me waiting for 25 minutes.When I say broken chair, I mean the back was completely missing except for the frame. When I asked for a pillow she didn't come back until she was ready to start the pedicure. The remote that controls the massaging feature of the chair was also broken but all other chairs were taken so that's where I stayed for my "relaxing" pedicure. No apology or anything for making me wait and sitting me in a junky chair. The person who did the pedicure was in an obvious hurry and spent about 2 minutes racing through the leg massage. The tools they used to clean and cut looked dirty also, YUCK!
4 I have been going to Deja Vu Nail Spa since 2007. I have never had anything but a great experience. I used to get acrylic nails and I would have them filled once every 3 weeks and I have never had a problem with lifting or breaking. I have also gotten the gel manicures and they have always lasted 2 weeks with no breakage or cracking. The pedicures have always been very relaxing and I have never felt like the tools were unclean or unsanitary. I have been getting my eyebrows waxed here and they have always turned out exactly how I have wanted. I have referred at least 3 of my coworkers to this nail salon and they are all still going years later. This salon is definately worth trying out.
