5 This spa is a small hidden gem!  I've been going there since they opened their doors almost 4 years ago. Great atmosphere, highly professional staff (Chelsea is my favorite and the best ever!!!!) They have reasonable prices compared to other med spas. Often run different promotions and even customer appreciation events/raffles - I won a syringe of Restylane once, which is pretty significant $$$, haven't used it yet  ;) luckily I don't have very many wrinkles yet. They are always updating their already high end technologically advanced equipment.  Great place, great people... great stuff, however, if you think about it, all Botox comes from the same manufacturer, why go pay more somewhere else?  P.S.: Now I'm sharing a very important secret - they have the greatest deal on Latisse! ...and this stuff really really works very good, trust me ladies!
5 Rom at All About You Med Spa is amazing! I'm 52 and looking for that perfect balance of vanity and frugality. He has performed 2 pixel laser treatments on my face (2nd was Dec 1). Rom's genuine personality combined with his education and background  at a Dermatologist's office gives him high marks with me. Comfort level with Rom A+. Knowledge A+. Pricing -- very reasonable for quality of service and outcome. Have recently made the switch from another spa and I love this place! Will be back there within a couple of weeks.
5 One stop shopping!  Best massage in the East Valley!  Ask for Heather...I go here for all my personal beauty / skin / anti-aging needs.  If you need anything done, you can get it done right here.   Love the boutique area too!
5 I highly recommend All About You Med Spa!!  I can't say enough about Dawn, Heather and the rest of the staff.  I go there for hair, massage, laser hair removal, well woman and skin care.  Love the one stop service!!  Heather gives the best massage you'll ever have.  My husband and I both see her and she's spoiled us to all other massages - even those at expensive resort spas.  I highly recommend the cold laser add on with your massage to break up the stubborn knots.    Give this place a try - you won't be disappointed!!
5 Well let's say I did it!! Scheduled a consultation for botox & other awesome services offered..talked to Dawn & she was amazing! Got it done right then & there in the relaxing & comforting office! Very nice med spa with a knowledgeable staff & inexpensive! Cute boutique too
4 Found a groupon to get my hair done at a steal! On top of that Sam did great! My hair looks exactly how I wanted it! My hair feel healthy even though I got highlights so their products must be good. Would definitely recommend this place! The only down fall is the price, but I am also a broke college student so I'm a little bias.
5 I have been going to All About You Medspa for some time now for many of their services. Today was my 3rd visit for the Venus Freeze and I can definitely see a difference, I can't wait to see my final results, I also tried a haircut for the first time and I have to give a big thank you to Laura for the best cut I've had in years. As usual Heather gives the best massage ever. If you haven't tried this Medspa you should, and be sure and look at their website for the monthly promotions.
5 Had a wonderful experience!  Bought a deal for a gel mani/spa pedicure.  Making the appt was easy.  When I arrived I got right in and was offered water.  I truly enjoyed talking to my nail tech.  She was so nice and did a great job on my nails.  She made sure they were perfect before I left.  The place is very nice and clean.  I would definitely recommend this place to others.
5 I love the results of the Optimal Correction. Dawn knew exactly what I needed to get me where I wanted to be. Won't go anywhere else for Botox or fillers...ever! Thank you so much for all your efforts! See you in the fall!
5 I first visited All About You Medspa to get a consult on a little filler and maybe Botox. I was completely blown away with the very friendly and compassionate nature of the owner, Dawn, and her staff. Being that I have autoimmune issues, Dawn took my health VERY seriously. She surmised, based on my health history, that I would not be an ideal candidate fore these options. The ramifications could be severe given my somewhat unpredictable immune system.  We discussed my objectives and she suggested Venus Freeze. I ABSOLUTELY love it! I am 42 years old and felt it was time to do a bit of lifting and tightening, both of which have been accomplished with Venus Freeze. I'm very happy with my results and I didn't have to have a single needle in my face!  Though I am super happy with my results, what was most impressive to me was Dawn's decision to put my health first before putting money in her pocket. She sincerely told me she was not comfortable putting me at potential risk for any adverse reaction with Juvederm or Botox. I really respected that. I'm sure most everywhere else would've been happy to have me sign releases, take my money, inject my face, and consequences be damned.   Throughout my visits for Venus Freeze sessions, she's continued to be a very sincere, honest, and knowledgeable professional. Plus, their options for "improvement" are endless!  I can't say enough good things about this place. They have a client for life.
