4 This my local Starbucks and probably my favorite.  Great staff and generally fast service even on the busiest days.
5 The baristas is here are awesome and the store is very clean.  The bathrooms were extremely clean when I went in there.  The baked goods were good to go and the drinks came out in a hurry.  I like this location and the people.  Would come back again
2 Terrible service. First, they charged me for a venti when I ordered a grande. Then, I had to wait for more than 15 minutes for my drink because they made a few drinks in a row wrong. At one point there were more drinks waiting on the counter than people in the store, and yet somehow none of them were mine.   At least they made me the larger size that I didn't order.   Tip: go to the other Starbucks down the street. I'm convinced the workers at the one don't listen or care.
4 We stopped here after here surviving a terrifying dust storm on I-10.  We were lucky.  The people on our side of the freeway managed to stop safely and skillfully.  The people on the other side weren't as lucky:  http://www.sfgate.com/news/us/article/3-dead-after-dust-causes-crashes-on-I-10-in-Ariz-4936646.php  After we continued on our way we saw many highway patrol vehicles heading for what we inferred was a pileup on the southbound side.    We got off the freeway and after driving a while saw this Starbucks.  We made a U-turn and went back to it.  I had a cup of Earl Grey tea and Alan had an iced coffee.  Jazz played overhead and it was a comfortable place to relax and unwind.  The bathrooms were clean and comfortable.  I'm neither a partisan nor a hater of Starbucks.  This was a hospitable place to regroup before getting back on the road.  The barista was helpful and friendly.
3 I stopped here at 2:15 for an iced coffee.  There are only 3 people in store and I can't see how many card are in the drive-thru but they seem to only be concerned about their customers in the cars because it took 5 minutes to pour a simple black iced grande coffee!
