5 This Starbuck's crew is the best. Call 30 minutes in advance and they still had to traveling joe's ready for me when I arrived. Always get my drinks right, and the one time they have ran out of lemonade they gave me a coupon for next time to get a free what every size and kind drink. WoW and I did not even have to ask, they just gave it to me with my new drink and an apology
5 Yup - - love this Starbucks!!   The staff is always super, super friendly. Love the way they greet you... just helps to put a smile on your face.   I typically (98%) go through the Drive-Thru, and I have never had any issues with my order. It's fast... and a great Starbucks experience.
2 This Starbucks needs to work on their listening skills when taking orders from drive through customers. Since this location happens to be on my way to work, I'll stop by it occasionally. The problem is that they are so busy because they are located on such a huge intersection. Therefore, most of the time when I go here they get my order incorrect. And when I'm forking over almost 4 bucks for a nonfat latte, I don't want to experience issues getting my drink. Sometimes the line is also so long that it reaches all the way into the street.... I'd pass on this location as I'm sure there are probably less crowded locations that can take orders correctly!
1 I had to take a couple of hours to calm down to write this review.  I have never been so annoyed in my life.  I usually go to the Starbucks on 16th St...but they don't have a drive thru.  The one on Thomas/32st has the worst service, so I decided to the 44th St location today.  I was craving a Roasted Pepper Panini today real bad.  I get up to the drive-thru to order my panini   "No, you caaaaaaaaan't haaaaave that! I am soooooo sorrrrrrrrrryyyyyy.  We have been waiting for a new order to come in."  "Oh...well, do you have any other paninis?"  Instead of her answering, she said "You will have to stay in the drive thru line, but it doesn't look like it's that long"  Great...now I am stuck in a drive thru line that I can't get out of.  I was held hostage.  There wasn't anything else I wanted.  So I had to wait 20 mintues to get out of the drive thru.    Funny thing, the person in front of me got a coupon for a free drink because they were out of what they ordered as well.  I, of course, got nothing.
2 It's a Starbucks.  I come here because it's next to my office and I don't have time to go to a place with good coffee.  At least it's consistent and quick.
2 I really do love Starbucks. But this location ALWAYS forgets to put sweetener in my tea and we always drive off realizing it's too late to turn back because turning back is just even more inconvenient.  It's just really annoying and this Starbucks is a really nice one, considering the ghetto surroundings of a closed down grill next door and strip club.
4 I come here for meetings almost once per week or once every two weeks. I got in the morning between 8:30-9:30 and stay for a while. The servers are all very friendly. I noticed one of the servers remembers people from before, and in-between rush orders, they are often cleaning up the area.   A major plus for this location is that they have lots of seating and lots of plug-ins for those of us who use our laptops.  There are several small tables, a larger table, and tables by the comfortable bench area.   The only complaints I have is that it's often busy, I cannot get a seat, and sometimes, the tables are crummy with someone's previous snack. Also, the sun is so darn bright in there at times. Of course, the sun annoys me most of the time anyway, but the shades on the windows only come about halfway down, and the sun is blinding. The parking lot can be kind of annoying too, depending on when one gets there/leaves.   If you log into their (now) free wifi, there's a free song of the week. I have liked all my free songs of the week, a perk of going to Starbucks.   I can't say I love Starbucks coffee, but I love their tea and option of snacks. They have the kind of granola bars I like, dark chocolate, fruit, and some other items that are quite tasty.   The music is often the same every week I go, and sometimes it can get overly loud, but it's not that bad.
5 I love this starbucks!!! I go to it at least 4 days out of my five day work week!!! I am a starbucks gold card holder lol...the girls are all so sweet...they know our office staff by name and are so nice...they make the greatest vanilla chai frappaccinos and the best green.tea fraps!!!!! Everyone needs to taste their new dessert bites they r to die for!! My favorite is the salted carmel chocolate pretzel square! You cannot get much better then that...i do noteven like coffee but there is so much more here...
4 I love this Starbucks and everyone that works here.  They're awesome!  Everyone in my office is a big fan and we can be found here often.  I do wish it were a bit bigger as it can get a little cramped at times.  My only aggrevation with this location is in regards to the ill-mannered (or are they just entitled?) customers in the drive thru that think it's okay to block the driveway (and sometimes even line up in the street) because they apparently can't be bothered to park and walk inside.  Honestly, I would love to know what is going on in the heads of these people when they are nonchalantly parked diagonally across the driveway, clearly preventing people from entering or exiting the parking lot.  Perhaps ignorance really IS bliss.
3 Some people may argue that a free drink is worth any price but I have to disagree.  This is the closest, free standing SB drive throuhg to my apartment and I normally utilize the drive through.  I don't understand why you can't get a better menu at the drive.  Maybe your die hard regulars remember this kind of stuff but I don't always remember all the items available to order.  And the drive through menu is more likely to sell you on food instead than on coffee drinks.  Over the past year I mostly go to SB once or twice a month at best.  In that time frame I have had at least 7 Complimentary drinks through the drive though because of the time it took to prepare them.  Some people say "hey, free drink" but when you spend 20 min in the drive through (I know I gauged my time through Kelly Clarkson songs) you start to wish you had the option to drive, far far away from the drive through.  I do give many cust service points to SB for the on the house frappachino when I finally got to the window but why does this always have to happen!  You are always quick to give me a free coffee when my wait gets long but who wants to sit for 15-20 min over an iced coffee?  Maybe you should take a look at your business model and figure out why I have had 7 free drinks in a year due to bad service at this location?
2 I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. This is the only Starbucks on my way to work, soooooo there you have it. The drivethru line is always time consuming, regardless of the time you get there, but the wait staff are super friendly and accommodating. They don't hesitate to give you a free drink if you've patiently waited in their queue. However, don't come here if you're already running late to work... come here if you have lots of time to kill and would like to win a free drink lotto.
3 The location is next to Jimmy Johns but the drive-thru can get very hairy. The parking situation isn't great at this location. I ordered a caramel macchiato thru the drive-thru and it took at least 5 minutes to finally get my drink at the window. I would say this was one of the slower experiences I've had at a starbucks. The worst part, my drink was wrong, but didn't notice until after I drove off.
5 Listen, all you coffee snobs and hipsters out there, I know how much you hate the corporate coffee world.  Their cookie cutter green storefronts, drive-thrus, unassuming wooden furniture, and the latest and greatest jack Johnson clone playing on the speaker system.  Well I say to you, who cares?  I'm here for one reason and one reason only, and that's to further perpetuate my caffeine addiction, and there's no doubt that Starbucks' lighter roasts have some of the most caffeinated kick of any coffee out there.  So go to your totally underground hipster coffee joints where your baristas make hearts in your foam and talk about the best new music they read about on pitchfork.com, but don't come crying to me when you inevitably find that the evil empire that is Starbucks is so popular for a reason: they have good tasting strong coffee, friendly employees, and a comfortable atmosphere.  Anyways, this particular location is the bomb regardless of if I get hit on by the dude in the drive through window on a consistent basis....how can I blame him?
3 Just like any other Starbucks we have around, coffee works for me on my monday madness. I deal with the line, whether in drive-through or inside, for the bolt of energy. Staff is friendly and as quick as they can be during rush hour.
5 My friends and I meet here every Thursday morning for coffee and time to talk together. The staff is incredible, quick, friendly, and make drinks accurately. It's always clean too. This S-bucks makes others look bad. It's the way it should be.
4 Although, I try to go out of my way not to support "the coffee machine". I wandered in here while waiting for a ride..  First person I meet is "Summer" she was completely & utterly full of sass & jokes. I loved her! She took my order & we joked throughout my wait.   The interaction with the staff overall was just dope. It was lively, no one had any attitudes. I'm not big on Starbucks in general but I haven't received similar service from some of the local spots I visit.
3 I know this place is over priced, but this place is the only coffee house near my work and I tried to come here as often as I can.  Everyone here are all very nice and have a great attitude on working here.  Service is fast and accurate.  They even have a drive-thru window for those that doesn't want to go inside the store.  They also don't have a lot of parking nearby and sometimes you will need to park in the back of the complex and walk over.
4 I love the Green Tea Frapps! Service at the drive-thru and inside is fast. Rarely crowded. I think it is a hidden gem. I've been here and sat outside. There is always seating available.
4 I go to this location often (2-4 per week). The staff is always friendly and my order is accurate. The line usually isn't to bad but I've noticed Monday mornings seem to be pretty long for drive thru. So avoid on Monday AM and you should have fast service.
5 Nice Staff & Great place to chill, drink coffee, & hang on wifi.
