4 This is a review for the 28th St. & Indian School store.  I recently had an A/C check-up on my house, and the technician wanted crazy money for some work that is quite DIY.  So, I did my research, learned what parts I need for the work and, instead of ordering online, decided to pick them up in town.  A little googling led me to Indoor Comfort Supply.  Stopped in there this morning (they're open from 8-12 on Saturdays, which is great for the weekend DIY warrior), and the service was awesome.  I'm not entirely sure what the other reviewer was looking for when they said 'not much product in stock' - they appeared to have all the commonly-needed HVAC repair parts.  They certainly had everything I needed, and more.  I found the service to be extremely friendly.  The fellow working - I assume he was the owner/manager - got the parts I knew I needed, and talked me through how to do another part of the job and made sure I had everything necessary for that, as well.    While I hope I don't have to make a habit out of repairing my A/C units, I will -definitely- be coming back here to get parts if I do need to do more repairs.  I couldn't be happier with my experience here.
4 The Mastercool just wasn't cooling anymore.  I think it's the pads.  Unfortunately, unlike the good old days of straw pads, the Mastercool requires a special "corrugated cellulose" pad - normal people would call it "Cardboard", but then the company that makes them wouldn't be able to charge an arm and a leg for them.  But hey, that's not the fault of Indoor Comfort Supply - they are just the middleman.  Seeing as my cooler is the older AdobeAir model, I had to go to a cooler supply place to get the "corrugated cellulose" pads.  They have them in stock, reasonably priced and service comes with a smile.  Took my pads home, swapped out the old, alkaline soaked pads and fired up the cooler for the weekend.  Worked a charm, although the new pads smelled a bit like burning electrical wires for a bit which caused me to investigate, but all was well.  I called ICS about the smell and they confirmed that sometimes this happens, a bit of fabric softener in the cooler water will resolve it.    I'm happy.  and cool.
5 Yesterday I smelled THAT smell - the one that tells you that something electrical is burning out!  Sure enough, my evap cooler motor had fried, and didn't make it through the night.   This morning I took it off and schlepped it up to Indoor Comfort Supply, my go-to place for evaporative cooler parts of a higher quality than the big box store carries, plus friendly and knowledgeable advice. Sure enough, Brian had the motor in stock.  He took pity on this Do-It-Herself on a day that is forecast to top out at 112 degrees, and put the kit together for me.  I appreciate anyone lessening my time on the roof on a day like today!  It's all done and checking in at 78 degrees - yay! I first found this place in the middle of winter, when my roof was being replaced and my roofer suggested that I change the rusted out cooler legs, as long as they were off anyway.  The folks here have always been helpful, and gone out their way to assist me with any questions I have about my evaporative cooler. You don't need to be a rocket scientist to repair a swamp cooler, but their website is very informative and the expert advice is worth the trip for me! FYI, I think the hours on this listing might be a bit off - I found them open at 8 am today (Friday).
