5 I've done business with other places in the past but never again. These guys here are honest and fair. We're having several things done right now and it brings a comforting feeling to feel I am dealing with honest people. I will update with details when we get the car back.
5 I've done business with other places in the past but never again. These guys here are honest and fair. We're having several things done right now and it brings a comforting feeling to feel I am dealing with honest people. I will update with details when we get the car back.  UPDATE: jeep is back and running great! Doug is a very fair and friendly guy. Thank you for all you did to help us. He went above and beyond. That's an awesome feeling! Hopefully, we won't need him before our oil needs to be changed again, but if we do, this is where we'll go!
5 Mid-summer AC issues in Arizona are not fun!  Greulichs gave me a quote that was substantially lower than the other shop I took it to first. They started the repair and it ended up being a much more expensive fix then they originally thought. But they stood by their word and fixed it for what I already paid them even though it cost them more. They also paid for a rental car since the fix took longer than expected. These days it is hard to find a place whose word you can count on, greulichs is a rare find in that aspect. Customer satisfaction is clearly a priority. They come highly recommended by me!
5 Josh and Tyler do amazing work and they are some of the nicest mechanics you'll ever meet! As a woman I've experienced my fair share of condescending and manipulative behavior from other auto shops and I am so grateful to have found a shop that is honest and fair. I highly recommend this Greulich's location and their mechanics.
5 Josh has taken great care of my Kia, which I am trying to drive until the wheels fall off.  Honest and fast service.  We won't take our vehicles anywhere else.
3 Even with appointment you still have to wait! I made a appointment the day before for a oil change for my lunch break, they promised to have me done in 30 min. It took over a hour and I was late getting back to work. The people were nice. Just be prepared to wait.
3 Let me begin by saying that I am just a teenager and most businesses will try to take advantage of me because they think I am too ignorant to call them out on their dishonesty.   They quoted me an hourly rate $20 more than their competitors and twice the time.   They match prices though and I talked them down to a more reasonable rate, however they lied about the time it took to finish the work.   Bolting an exhaust onto a car takes 30 minutes max. Not 1 hour.   The work they did was fine but the prices are steep and the quotes are dishonest.
