1 Where to start - how about the over hour wait for my appointment with no reason as to why and then when asked why and when I would get in - I was told just a few more minutes. At this point, I called my husband who had an appointment after mine, and said come down, I am giving you my appointment so we are not here all day. So, my 10 am appointment for a routine cleaning became his appointment for the same thing and he was called in at 11:20 - this in essence my appointment was almost an hour and a half late.   I am sitting there waiting for my husband thinking he is getting his x-rays and cleaning when I get a text from him saying only 15 min more and I get to see the dentist. Silly me - I am thinking his x-rays and cleaning are done. He finally comes out over an hour later (mind you it would only be 15 min to see the dentist) and tells me that he has to come back next week for the cleaning. What?? He sat there for over an hour just to get x-ray's. Then when told he'd see the dentist in 15 min it was over 45 min.   So, my husband was in their chair for over two hours and all he had done was x-rays and about 20 min with the dentist trying to tell him he needed a crown replaced (that did not need replacing), and that he had two cavities that the dentist never did show him on the x-ray. Mind you when he was at the dentist (his original before we moved to Arizona) everything was fine.   At this point neither of us are happy - I rescheduled my "cleaning" for the very first appointment on a Sat. so we would not have to wait an hour and a half again for an appointment. I was not happy at all with the service and asked for the office manager to call me Monday morning. I was told no problem. On Tues. afternoon I called and was told oh she is not here today and has left for CA for a corporate meeting - never did tell me why she did not call me on Monday.   I then proceed to call the corporate officee to voice my concerns. They tell me that they have had complaints because of the wait times and lack of communication with patients and she was not surprised. She in turned called the Glendale, AZ office and told them that they were to make sure that both my husband and I were in and out on time for our appointments and all that was to be done was a cleaning.   So - here we are - my husband has an appointment today (Sat.) to do his cleaning. He gets a message telling him that he has to come in early to do a "service-plan" and his cleaning would cost him $180 because they only do deep cleanings and his insurance does not pay for deep cleanings. I call them back and ask to talk to the office manager (she left the mess). I explain that I am not happy, we are not paying $180, and there will be no "service plan" - I get hung up because I am told that I am not talking nice.   Really - I call back - I tell the person on the phone that I want to speak to the office manager again - she tells me that the office manager wants me to come in and discuss this with her. I tell the receptionist that I am sorry if I sound angry with you it is not your fault but you do not want me in your office right now as your patients probably do not want to hear what I have to say.  Imagine my surprise when the office manager gets on the phone and tells me that I just threatened her employee, mumbles something and hangs up on me. Also, keep in mind not only did I tell them but, corporate told them that they needed to call me not my husband as he is very hard to reach and I can get ahold of him and have him call them if necessary - and they keep calling him not me and he cannot return calls or answer his phone while he is working.   In addition - their reception area is awful, dirty, (my husband likens it to a free clinic in a third world country) and not very inviting.  Believe me when I say that corporate is getting a call first thing Monday which will probably do no good, and I am posting this everywhere I can - it joins the other 30+ or so bad reviews that I have read about Western Dental.   Do not risk your teeth, money, or health from what I read and go to Western Dental.
1 This place was exactly how Brian's review went.  They are like the sharks of dental they are more concerned about getting paid than actually doing the work. Then they tele-market the hell out of you phone trying to get you to come back for another teeth raping. My wife and I went there for cleaning and they managed to only x ray and examine her teeth in the 2 hours we were there and seemed to forget to do the basic cleaning on her teeth we left very disappointed. They didn't forget to bill my insurance for everything they could think of. I would highly recommend a different dentist.
5 Dr. Dhillon is the best Dr. to ever do work on my teeth. His staff was equally good. I recommend Western Dental at Peoria and 59th. Good job!
