1 I walked through the door and immediately felt unwanted.  I had made an appointment, the place was empty, but for some reason they were in a huge hurry for me to leave.  The paint color I had picked out was applied sloppily in two obviously uneven coats with my original nail color showing through.  The nail lady almost applied the top coat before I stopped her and demanded a third to even things out.  A manager was called over and the third coat was reluctantly permitted.  It was also applied poorly but overall my nails looked better. I could have easily given myself this manicure at home with out feeling as if I was in the way.  It came as no surprise that they didn't  get any new customers while I was there with the horrible customer service I received.  Avoid this place!  They don't want your business.
5 Always friendly and always do great designs! I have been here several times and they are always great. I always make a point to come here and get my nails done for special occasions! I always get a Pedi and I am always please with the designs they come up with since I am not really into flowers. They are always accommodating and come up with a fresh cool design.
5 They were friendly at check-in even though busy.  They did a great job on gel  manicure and pedicure.  I love to have the water hot when soaking my feet and this place finally had it hot enough.
1 I was in the area, checked Yelp and decided to give them a try. They do not accept credit cards. They have a ATM in the corner, with a service fee.  I asked for a basic pedicure. The gentleman handed me the pedicure menu and I knew I had some callus, so asked for the salt scrub, I specifically asked five dollars for salt scrub, he said yes. He went on the do the sugar scrub, salt scrub and some odd green stuff. Yes, I should have said wait stop but I had never been there before and some salons do complimentary add ons and thought if I had know wouldn't have asked for salt scrub. I was contemplating gel nails but not even offered to me, I get maybe a language barrier but I go to different salons all the time and never had this problem before. The pedicure was ok, but I have had much better. My basic pedicure was $45.00 literally cash.
1 I went in showed the gentleman a picture up exactly what I wanted. I told him I was in a hurry, and I just wanted a basic pedicure. He kept badgering me to do deluxe pedicure.  When it came time for him to start painting my nails.  I again showed him picture he said okay.  When he started to paint them all black  I stopped him and he said" oh I can't do that and girl who can is busy. I was so disappointed.  When I went to pay I had to get cash from atm!!!!. I was charged a fee by atm and my bank. And I didn't get what I wanted. NEVER AGAIN.
