5 My wife and I just switched to Dr. Nelson and Southtown Dental Care this year, partly because of the good things we heard about the practice from some of my wife's co-workers.  Sure enough, after two visits this year, I can already say I see why people like him and the staff.  Everyone knows a trip to the dentist isn't usually very enjoyable, but I noticed a conscious effort at Southtown Dental Care to make it as enjoyable as possible.  The front office administrator knew my name both times I walked in the door, and was extraordinarily friendly.  Dr. Nelson and his assistants (I don't know their real title, so I'm sorry) were also friendly and conversational.  I actually felt very little pain, but my teeth felt "brand new" afterward.  Honestly, I didn't want to eat lunch that day, because I didn't want to ruin all the hard work they had done, haha.
5 Southtown dental is Fab.  All the help is spectacular especially Brenda.  As for Dr Matthew Nelson, he has integrity about his dentistry.  He has a wonderful touch where I don't feel like a head of cabbage when he's done. Also, he is HIP!!!!!! And a really COOL DUDE!!!!!
5 :I moved to Scottsdale AZ 3 yrs ago and looked for a dentist.  I had a dentist but was unhappy and started searching again.  I interviewed several before choosing Dr M. Nelson.        Starting with Brenda his receptionist and one of his assistants,  who has been assisting for some 26 yrs in dentistry,  absolutely fabulous. Her touch, handling of the instruments,  her bubbly personality and welcomes you by your first name on every visit.      Megan another assistant to Dr Nelson is equally nice and very competent in her job.      Their dental hygienist is probably THE BEST CLEANING I have had in 57 years.      Dr. Nelson, unlike the majority of dentists I have experienced, genuinely cares about your dental care and overall health.  His touch is gentle and REALLY goes the extra mile to ensure the job is done 110%.  He has a wonderful demeanor and is really "HIP" and a really cool dude.  Also, he is willing to work with you in these tough economic times.      Really a 5 star office.....
5 Upon relocating to Scottsdale AZ I spent a significant amount of time interviewing many dentists.  I selected this office because of the pleasant atmosphere from within the office, the cleanliness of the office and of coarse the location.      Since being a patient,  I have always been greeted by my name.  I have been educated on the correct way to floss and brush as well as how to achieve my best oral health possible.      Dr Nelson is absolutely fantastic.   He genuinely cares about your overall health, takes as much time with me as I need to answer all my concerns.      They are also willing to work with me on payment schedule's to fit my budget as they are very flexible.      The office and their entire staff get a big round of applause from me for a job well done.      As a side note and a BONUS, DR NELSON IS A COOL DUDE!
5 Fantastic experience - down to earth Dentist, friendly staff and great dental hygienist - what more can you ask for?
5 Dr. Nelson, Rhonda and the rest of the staff here are amazing. They're all genuinely friendly and caring. The reviewer before me is spot on. They go out of their way to make you as comfortable as possible. Best experience at the dentist ever!
5 Southtown Dental Care rocks!    I've been a patient here since before it was Southtown, and Dr. Cox ran the show.  Dr. Cox is a consummate professional and he left big shoes to fill when he retired.  Fortunately, Dr. Nelson must have big feet, as he filled those shoes and took over the practice in a well-run transition, and while I was skeptical at first, I'm now confident that he will be my last dentist.  You are greeted warmly when you arrive, everybody knows you by name and calls you by name.  Service is personal and caring- your comfort is their first priority.  Appointments are scheduled at times that are convenient for you and all of the staff are great examples of exceptional customer service.  If you are a nervous type when it comes to people fooling around in your mouth with sharp instruments, like me, take my word- you can relax here.  The staff is very conscious of your comfort and goes out of their way to make sure your visit is as painless as possible.  They don't recommend or perform unnecessary procedures - I can attest to that as they've been watching a problem tooth in my mouth for years, with no complaint and no pressure to do something about it.  The rooms are comfortable, clean and well-appointed with new technology, like a color camera that they can run around your teeth and show you what sort of things are going on in the places you rarely see - and a fancy new digital x-ray machine that sends color pics right to their computers.  When I get my teeth cleaned by Terry (who also is awesome!). she always gives me a goody-bag of dental care stuff - toothpaste and a brush are perfect for packing in my camping gear.  Brenda has been there forever - or at least as long as I can remember and she is always great at greeting me, or calling me to tell me about my appointments, and I think she does everything.    It's the people that take care of you that make you want to come back and these people will take care of you.  I highly recommend this dentist and yes, I will be going back.
5 Hello,  Dr. Nelson has been great!  Rhonda and Brenda are both very helpful too and they have been very flexible with me for scheduling and appointment reminders.  I have been a long term client even before when it was Dr. Cox and they have a customer for life!
5 Who says the dentist has to be terrible? I just had quite a bit of work done by Dr. Nelson this morning and I will be returning for more in a couple weeks. I wasn't sure if I should call about it being a bit sore but Dr Nelson called me personally to check on how I was doing. I was so relieved to hear him say that it's normal but if I had any questions, to not hesitate to call!   I have never been to a dentist office that has been so friendly, helpful and caring. They even offered for me to listen to music during the work in my mouth. The staff is very informative and always tell you what's happening and what to expect next.   And of course, Rhonda, at the front desk is so very helpful and welcoming. All in all- I would definitely refer any of my friends/family to Southtown.
5 I've been a patient of Dr. Nelson for the past few years and have been 100% satisfied.  The entire staff is professional and performs high quality work.  My visits have been hassle free and appointments are conveniently scheduled.  Would highly recommend Southtown Dental Care.
5 I am so happy that I found Southtown two years back! The staff is absolutely wonderful and Dr. Nelson is a fantastic dentist! Each time I leave feeling that they all really care about me and want me to have the best experience possible! Dr. Nelson even called me to see how I was doing after I had dental work done a couple of months ago. I would recommend them highly to anybody!
5 If I could give ten stars, I would. Gold even.  The crew at Southtown, led by Dr. Nelson will rock your world with awesome customer service, with follow up that for me, is unprecedented.  Dr. Nelson performed his first major work on me yesterday, and I know, it was a stellar performance, despite me sucking up all the gas I could breathe.  I had a very challenging crown replacement and Dr. Nelson, assisted by the lovely Brenda, worked wonders while there.  He broke out his nifty color-camera and took instant pictures of the before, during and after of his morning's efforts.  I could see it was not an easy job and I applaud the skill and compassion that both he and Brenda extended me.  Today I got a follow-up call from Dr. Nelson.  Everything Okay? he's asking.  I was floored.  In all my 55 years on this planet, this is the first time a Doctor broke out of his busy schedule and called me the next day to check on how I am doing.   This, my friends is what you should expect when visiting Southtown.  People that care before, during and after your visit.  Major Kudos to Dr. Nelson for the follow-up, it is mucho appreciated.
5 My husband and I have been in search of a new dentist and we thankfully came across Southtown Dental! The staff is so welcoming and makes you feel at ease, while being professional at the same time! Dr. Nelson is great! We are especially excited to be able to start bringing our daughter there as well!
5 My only motivation to floss is so that they're not disappointed in me.
5 Southtown is what dentistry should be.  Inviting and comfortable waiting room (seriously their chairs are exceptional... I want one!) Rhonda welcomes you in like you're old friends and makes you feel valued and appreciated.   On my first visit Rhonda takes you on a tour of the office, and introduces you to anyone you come across   From the Dental Assistant to Doctor Nelson.... I was constantly blown away at their patience, skill and charm.   Each tool and procedure was explained to me in detail because I asked.  They even provide sunglasses so that the dental light doesn't shine in your eyes.  I'm fortunate to have good dental history, and require little more than bi-yearly check ups and the occasional filling. I wish I had more problems because I felt so comfortable in Doctor Nelson's office. (I'm not serious I'm glad I have good teeth!)   I will tell everyone I meet about the exceptional care I received. See you in March!!
4 Great service and Hours.
5 Southtown Dental Care provides excellent dental care with outstanding customer service. I've been going to Dr. Cox (the previous owner) since I moved to Arizona. Once he retired and Dr. Nelson took over, I was immediately impressed. I loved how there were the same hygienists and office managers. Brenda and Rhonda are awesome and the friendliest of people.  Dr. Nelson provides very thorough dental care and really cares about his patients. He is friendly and personable and really knows what he is doing. When I had to get my bonding re-done, I was worried it wouldn't match the previous work done. I was very impressed with the attention to detail he had and how nice everything looked.   I would definitely recommend Dr. Nelson and his staff to anyone who is looking for a new dentist!
5 An absolute incredible dental experience. I picked the place based on the already outstanding yelp reviews, and there was no disappointment. From the moment I walked in I was greeted by friendly and helpful staff who took the time to introduce themselves and get try to get to know me.   The office was superbly clean and outfitted with the most modern of dentistry tools. I would recommend this dentist to anyone and everyone; I wish I could go back sooner.   Don't look anywhere else, Southtown Dental Care is Dentistry Mecca.
5 Southtown Dental Care is a sight for sore eyes. I never write reviews like this but I feel compelled to get the word out about how wonderful Southtown is. I had a broken veneer that needed to be fixed so I went to my (then) dentist and he charges me $106 just to look inside my mouth and quoted me almost $9,000 for a variety of other things he said needed to be fixed. I called Southtown for a second opinion and after a short conversation with Ronda, I knew I had found my new dental team! They are so honest, straightforward and caring. Dr Nelson is the first dentist who ever asked me what I like or dislike about my smile! Ronda even followed up with me after my procedure to check on me! Look no further, this place is the best around.
5 The reviews don't lie; this is the best, most compassionate and professional medical office I have ever been to. This practice is built on people who care to make a less than enjoyable place more comfortable. It starts up front with Ronda, who is truly dedicated to each one of their patients, whether all you need is a good cleaning or a more detailed procedure. The hygienists and assistants explain every single step in your procedure and keep your comfort a top priority. And of course, Dr. Nelson is phenomenal, and enough kind things cannot be said about him and his practice; top notch all around.  My experience started with some pain in my jaw. I work out of state and on a trip home decided to make an appointment based on reviews and my insurance coverage. It was determined that I was going to need a wisdom tooth removed and a cavity filled and scheduled it for a few weeks away. A few days later I had an opening in my schedule and decided to call and move it up. When I called, Ronda was accommodating and said she was about to call me because just that morning Dr. Nelson was going through my file with her and wanted her to try and get my next appointment moved up so my condition didn't deteriorate. I went in for the procedure, was given a pair of sunglasses and some Bose Quiet Comforts, and nearly fell asleep during the three hours of work. Each and every step and movement was explained and throughout the procedure I was regularly asked if I was feeling pressure or pain, or uncomfortable in any way.  When I left and got home, I had very detailed instructions for care, and a pleading request from both Ronda and Dr. Nelson to call their cell phones if anything at all seemed out of place or painful. Ronda went through a lot of the potential sorenesses that could arise, along with home remedies for each. A few hours later, Dr. Nelson called me from his cell phone to ask how the recovery was going and to remind me that I was going to be sore, but anything more than discomfort for a day or so could be more serious and that even though it was a holiday weekend, he and his staff were there for me.   I highly recommend this practice to anyone needing any sort of dental care. I won't ever go anywhere else.
5 Wonderful experience all around! Let's face it, going to a dental appointment isn't exactly an idea of fun for many but Southtown makes it a walk in the park!
