5 This store is awesome and the Manager Chris is a great guy  helped my Grandson out when his Beta fish died . He went above and beyond for me to be able to buy a new fish for him Thanks Chris !
1 Called at 9 AM today asking if they had any available times for my dog to be washed, teeth brushed and nails filed. They said sure, come in at 2. Cool.  Get there and they tell me it's going to be a couple of hours because they are a bit behind. Fine, I have no where to be. Did some errands to kill time. 4 rolls around and still no call, so I head back to the store to see what's up, thinking we have to be almost done by now. Nope.  Get told my dog has been bathed, is still wet and still hasn't had her teeth brushed or nails done. I reply, "you know what, I can't wait around anymore. It been 2 hours and that is all you've done? What is the point of making an appointment it I am going to just be sitting around and my dog is going to spend most of the time in a kennel?"   Then the groomer has the nerve to say, "Fine I will go get her, she is still wet." Sighs, storms off with an attitude and slams the door to the kennels open. I have had it at this point and reply, "And you can drop the attitude."  The manager is standing right there, yet offers no apology for her employee's behavior, instead makes excuses as to why they are so behind. Apparently when you call to make an appointment, it is not the store you are talking to but rather a call center and they have a tendency to overbook the stores. A disconnect that needs to be fixed immediately. She said they probably should not have accepted the appointment today at all, and I agreed.  Look if you are too booked then just be honest and don't waste your customers time and lie about it. I could have simply booked for another day. Instead now you've just lost a loyal customer.  At least they comped the bath, but I got to drive home with a wet dog in the back seat.   Will not be returning.
3 Staff are super friendly.  Good service and decent prices for a supermarket pet store.   Only problem was today bought a bag of dog food AND it ended up being filled with BUGS! Disgusting! Spoke a couple of hours after purchase to manager Kevin who told me for a refund that I must bring both the BAG OF BUGS (dog food bag) and receipt back for refund.  Put bag outside to avoid infestation. Really disappointed that I am expected to bring a bag teaming with thousands of weevils in my truck back to the store.   Anyhow contacting corporate and posting the bag of weevils everywhere, since I have to bring the nasty thing back tomorrow.  NOTE: Dog food should NOT be filled with weevils.  Would like to avoid an infestation in my other dog foods and people food in the pantry.
