4 My long time Samsung phone decided to finally choke after it's last beating from overwhelming baby drool..  I've been eyeing the iphone 4 forever, but just couldn't put upself up to paying AT&T's ridiculous plans. So I stuck with my loyalties to T Mobile and decided to upgrade to the Blackberry Bold instead.   I was practically in and out of the store in 15 minutes since I knew exactly what I wanted, and the sales rep was very informative but quick. He was able to upgrade my sad phone to something much cooler. It sucks that we are not under their 2 year contract, so I would have to pay the full price, a whopping $450! Definitely much more than an iphone, but I don't plan to use the internet (since I am on the internet at home or at work most of the time).  I've always claimed that I was the last person on the planet to have a phone just to make calls. Not anymore, finally.
4 I've been a loyal t-mobile customer for almost 10 years so when my last two year contract was up, I knew I would sign another and upgrade my phone.  I put off the upgrade for a few months because we were in the midst of planning a cross country move. When we were settled I just happened across this location and decided to go in.  I want sure what phone I wanted (my previous upgrade experience was less than stellar and I was expecting to pay a lot) and the girl who was helping me walked me through all my choices. She was patient even when my daughter started asking when we would be done over and over and over.  I settled on the galaxy s 2, got it for even less than what the girl thought I was going to have to pay, but I did have to change my plan because the sweet unlimited plan that I was so lucky to hold on to for the past 8 years or so was no longer compatible.  Service was fast, staff was friendly, I only knocked down one star because they were lacking in the accessories department.   Oh, and this location is great for people watching. In the short amount of time we were in there, I got to witness some interesting interactions. All the other guys who were working never missed a beat.
5 These guys are always helpful and can fix mostly anything that needs to be done. This store is pretty busy most of the time but the wait time usually is quick.
1 Kinda helpful. mostly just wanted to sell me on a plan so he told me to check my credit, and that they use soft inquiries (don't show up on credit reports). that was not the case. It showed up on my credit reports. Maybe he believed that it was a soft inquiry and was not educated correctly. either way, these guys hurt my credit report and score.
