4 None of you will ever eat at the Concorde Cafe, and that's a shame.   Tucked into the bottom floor of the Concorde Commerce Center, the Concorde Cafe is one of the many cafes that exist solely to give office workers somewhere to eat. Most of these types of cafes are little more than cafeterias and they don't try to be any better. Heck, you have a captive audience, so why bother trying?   The menu isn't amazing. It's your basic breakfast and lunch menu with sandwiches, soups and salads. What Concorde has that so many other places like this lack is a love of food.   Deli products are all Boars' Head, the bread is fresh and local and so is the iced tea. Everything is made to order and it's made well. The turkey melt is exactly what you'd expect, perfectly executed. It's delicious and grilled to perfection.   There are multiple daily specials. One is usually a discount on a normal menu item, the other is something unique, like a vegetarian quesadilla. Once again, this is no-frills food perfectly executed.   I leave you with an example of the attitude of the staff. One morning, my employers sponsored a pancake breakfast. Having gotten my pancakes I wandered into Concorde to get a few sticks of bacon. As I was waiting for the bacon the cook came out to ask how the pancakes were. It turns out that had made the batter for them and was genuinely concerned that they were good. We talked about the batter for a good five minutes.   I'm glad that I have a simple, wonderful place like this within walking distance.
3 I work at the Concord commerce building, which also houses this cafe, so needless to say, I've eaten here plenty of times.  The place is clean, the service good and the food is OK, but unfortunately the options aren't very imaginative. And the specials nothing special really. For a regular customer it gets tiring fast.
1 Good food, decent prices, but the one thing that really sets this place apart from the rest. .. brownies... Fairytale brownie s have nothing on these guys. They dont always have them, but if you are lucky enough to be there on a day when they made them, you are in for a treat! Great staff too.  Update. July 2014.  Food quality and quantity have gone downhill dramatically since they are now under new management.  Too pricey for poor quality everything! Napkins, to go containers, bread, eggs, bagels, all used to be higher quality. I work in the building, so it is convenient,  but thats just not enough to keep me coming back. New management is very nice, but I would skip this place if I were you.
