5 Love Chace Salon....it is so clean and fun.  Jessica Blake is who I go to and I highly recommend her.  She does and excellent job with cut and color.
2 I do not get what the big deal is with this salon! If you are looking for good customer service...you are not going to find it here! I was seeing Christina for a haircut and partial highlights and for the most part she did an okay job but I couldn't afford her. She charged as if she was in some upscale salon. For those two services she charged me $170. How do you sleep at night?! Way too expensive for what you get. My reaction to that was "ummm are we in Scottsdale?!" Sadly I returned several times after and the charges were different each time (more expensive)...I guess customer loyalty means nothing there. I'd rather go to Bella Voi and spend my money there than to ever go back to Chace Salon! Complete rip off.
5 I've been going to Jess @ Chace Salon for almost 2 years now and she is nothing short of amazing!!  Cut, color, highlights....she is my super stylist. :) If you are looking for someone to give you a new look, or just revamp a style you're already in love with, ask for her.
4 Saw jess couple weeks ago, amazing job. Love her work and attitude! Great laughs for sure! Some of the woman were dressed real trashy ( i mean like butt hanging out of shorts right in front of waiting area). The waiting area kind of blows.  Thankful jess tells me up front price! Will go back as long as shes there.
2 My biggest let down was the customer service/attitude of the girls. Myself and my mother go together to get our hair done every three months or so and after our stylist of 13years retired we decided to try a salon closer to home. When we walked in for our appointment we had set days earlier they said they only had one girl available and we would have to take turns.. no big deal. After waiting 30 min for our stylist to arrive we watched three other girls sitting in their chairs gossiping about their customers and others walking by without even acknowledging us. We should have just left then and there. When our stylist finally came over we decided I would go first. I wanted my usual a cut and partial highlight, our girl explained she was new and had to go get one of the owners to look at my hair before she started because she "wasn't sure how to go about it" My hair is multiple colors of blond and I have never had issues before but he came over and she explained how she would do it which sounded fine but the owner determined my hair was very damaged and she would have to color some areas and highlight others..  this was the first way they charged me extra for a routine hair style.. so I thought. 5 hours yes 5 hours later I was finished with a mediocre color job that has normally taken less than half. that time. At this point my mother was not even going to bother, all the girl kept telling me was how damaged my hair was over and over and how I really needed to buy their products. I had had enough. I went to pay and the female owner was running the register because her receptionist was out for the day. THE OWNER took 30 min to cash me out because she " never has to do this part" As an owner of a salon you should probably know how to run your own register. She handed me a bag and my receipt after paying over $200 I assumed the bag was take home samples or something. WRONG she had charged and made me purchase a $35 bottle of shampoo. I will NEVER go back here after being made to feel uncomfortable, over charged, and completely unhappy with my hair. Chace salon lost their chance at two regular customers. A few weeks later I also found out my stylist had "moved on to another salon" according to the voicemail they left me. Bravo.
1 After calling and speaking to the receptionist about needing a stylist that has experience highlighting blonde hair, I was told to schedule an appt. with Jessica. I trusted the receptionist and made the appt.  I waited for 30 minutes past my appt. time since Jessica was running late. Jessica was very nice, we talked about what I wanted and she started to foil my hair. All seemed awesome and I felt happy to find a new stylist close to home! She washed my hair and I realized I was running late, so I had her dry my hair but no flat iron or style. Paid and left only to get home and realize that my hair was destroyed!! Cheeta orange and yellow spots all over!!  I should go back to get my $ back, but I don't want her to ask to fix. No one there will touch my hair again!!! I now have to find a stylist to fix..so more $$ because corrective color is much more expensive. Will never return!!!
1 Very disappointed. Wanted an appointment with a certain stylist and was told I couldn't see her due to the fact that I've seen other stylists and would hurt their feelings if I saw someone else. Really?  I will go elsewhere
1 Friend paid 165 for an all over color and ombre. She ended up with highlights. My friend waited till after the 14 days to discuss matters with the manager. The manager says it is the stylists creative interpretation of what ombre she does. Never mind the picture that was shown to the stylist. The customer was not happy immediately after the procedure and was told by the stylist "this looks more natural". Now its going to cost 110 to do an all over color... I think not.  Last time I was there myself my hair was not blow dried all the way dry and puffed out when I got to my location. Waste of 60 bucks...
5 I have been going to Chace for 5 years. I use Julie May and she is AMAZING!!! She takes her time and gets the cut right every time. I have NEVER had an issue with a cut that she has given. The salon is nice and clean. Her prices are great as well!! I highly recommend her!!!!!
5 I went to Sara this week for the first time.  I absolutely love her!  I had chemical damage from another salon and my hair was all broken off.  I was scared to get it colored again, but it looked like crap with my new growth.  Sara gave me a fabulous cut and did a superb job with the color!  I went out last night and received a ton of complements.  I am very happy!
5 I've been going to Sara at Chace for more than a year and a half and I've always had a great experience. My hair is extremely thick and long and takes extra attention because of it and Sara certainly rises to the occasion. The environment is energetic and the staff is always so sweet. I've recommended several friends to Chace and Sara in particular and have had nothing but positive feedback. Highly recommend!
5 I have been going to Chace Salon for several years and my stylist is Sara Pendgraft. I have always received exceptional service from Sara and all of the staff at Chace. The other stylists will even go out of their way to give advice, lend a helping hand or give a nice compliment. I look forward to my appointments because I am guaranteed a relaxing and fun experience with all of the ladies at the salon. I walk out feeling refreshed and confident with my new and beautiful hair style. I recommend Chace salon and specifically Sara to all of my friends who are looking for a new stylist.
5 Absolutely love this place! The staff is amazing and super helpful, there is always a cheerful vibe when I'm there (which is big for me, because I like to relax when I'm getting my hair done) and I always leave with exactly what I wanted.   My stylist (Ashleigh) is fantastic! She listens to what I want with my hair, and I always leave feeling refreshed!! If you haven't checked out Chace yet and are looking for a great new salon, make an appointment today!!
5 I've been going to Chace salon for several years after a friend highly recommended Sarah P.  The salon is very clean, modern looking and has an outgoing staff.  Nice selection of magazines and the salon professional products for sale are wonderful and well priced. Sarah is amazing, she listens to want I want and delivers wonderfully every time.  I'm always concerned on the maintenance costs for new hair cuts/colors and maintaining my healthy hair.  Sarah will go over the upkeep of the new hair color and the steps for the hair color process. The products she uses maintain their color even when I wash my hair daily.   And the price is so affordable!!  I used to go to a high dollar hair salon...(Rolf's). Their costs (even for a upper middle hair stylist experience)  were over $100 more than what Sarah charges and she styles my hair afterwards! Rolf's was another $35 for a blow dry.   With my every changing hair color for the seasons or the newest coloring techniques - Sarah P and Chace Salon are my savior!
5 Lalalove Ashleigh M.  She cuts both mine and my daughter's hair. She created a cut based on what I liked and didn't like about others styles and is open to creating a pop of color when I need it.  Affordable, available, and friendly... Would (and have) highly recommend!
5 Chace Salon is the best salon around. The facilities are upscale and always well maintained. Best of all the stylists and everyone that works there are beyond friendly and go out of their way to make you feel welcome. Kim Peacock (one of the owners) is a sweet heart and I have to thank her for opening a place in Surprise that you would find in Scottsdale or the OC/SCal where I'm from. All the style and expertise in the West Valley that you would find in a larger city. I have to say Ashleigh Mills who I see every 2 weeks for a haircut is the ABSOLUTE BEST. She is my favorite of course, but all the ladies seem to have training or work experience in high end salons. Ashleigh is always friendly and expertly cuts my hair every time. As a guy i want to have some personal style and get that in an environment that's professional and friendly, but not stuffy. Chace is a perfect balance and Ashleigh is always up on the latest styles and techniques. I get compliments around town and at the gym and do not hesitate to recommend Ashleigh and Chace.   Cheers,  David
5 Ashleigh M cuts all our (wife and two daughters) hair and does a great job.  She is really responsive to setting up appointments.  The salon itself is nice and inviting.
5 Chace Salon has been the place I get my hair styled for over a year now, and I could not be happier. I am a very busy person that has a lot of last minute events come up. My hair stylist, Ashliegh (best in the world, btw), is always working her schedule to get me in when I can get in and when I need to get in. Also, I like to keep things new and fresh, and she is always willing to try something new. I'm always pleased with the outcome. Not only is my stylist awesome, but everyone at the salon is so friendly and outgoing. It feels like family when you are in there. Honestly, a haircut is just a haircut, but if I could recommend you getting it done anywhere, I would suggest Chace Salon!
5 I tried a few salons before I made my move to Chace, I wish I did it sooner! I always got in at my appt. time (or sooner), the salon is clean and organized, offered refreshments, and good conversation. My stylist Ashleigh is so easy to talk to, not the boring, "How's the weather", and she always has me walking out of the salon LOVING my hair! She is the best! =) Also, I recommend the Unite 7 second leave in conditioner, smells so amazing, seriously a must have.
5 I went to Chace salon in desperation after going to Ulta and Regis salon and not getting the results I wanted.  I am so glad that I did! The salon is clean and decorated nicely. The staff & stylists are very friendly and helpful. I want to praise my stylist, who for the first time in years did exactly what I was looking for! She listened to what I wanted and delivered. I love my hair and the way it feels. I won't go anywhere else as long as my stylist Dani Maloney is there! I would also recommend buying the Argan oil for your hair, it does wonders :)  I highly recommend this place!
1 All customers aren't treated equally! If you don't give off a vibe that you're willing to spend extra cash on products/services/extras then you'll definitely see a difference in the service you receive. Also, the lack of professionalism between staff & owners I witnessed while I was there made it anything but a relaxing and classy environment.
