4 Have ate there quite a few times love the Greek salad and always get the works pizza!! Never have been disappointed and my husband likes it too
4 Finally, a pizza place that satisfies the individual pizza taste buds of my family! We ordered the Rocky's Philly Steak Pizza along with a cheese pizza and both were delicious! Everyone left happy.
4 We have been here a few times for eating in.  Last Friday, we order 3 large pizzas togo.  Eating in and ordering togo has both been good experiences.  Pizzas are HOT and fully of flavor.  YUM!
4 Pros : Great Pizza, food, Service, and Atmoshphere  Cons: Pricey with no combo of pizza & wings specials   You can tell their management team is very expirienced.  well deserved 4 stars and worth a try.
5 NYPD delivered food to our hotel for our wedding weekend pool party, and they supplied everything, from the ice and drinks, to food, to utensils and plates. We were so grateful for their awesome customer service. We were fans prior to our catering needs: the food is always fresh, the staff is top notch, and their pizza is a little taste of (East Coast) home for me.
4 My last update was in 2010 so I figure I do a re-review.  We came here to celebrate my husband's birthday lunch.  The place was pretty packed for lunch but the service was still great.  I ordered a personal pizza Brooklyn Family style (pepperoni, sausage and fresh basil).  WOW, it was so so GOOD but a little pricey for a 10" pizza.  Everyone else enjoyed their food too.  We had a great time!
3 First time I came here I got a calzone. Didn't like it cause it had ricotta cheese. I was not used to that. Next I tried the pizza and I love the Brooklyn pizza. Also tried the pasta these were ok not bad not great. Do like that fact they are a Pepsi affiliate restaurant. And the family all LOVES the zeppolis.
2 Here on a business trip and saw the ad in the hotel room.   Pizza was ok at best. A little pricey for average pizza.
3 Food is very good. Only reason I don't give more stars is the price!!!
5 Great pizza, if you like thin crust...which I do!
5 Their pizza is the best I've tasted.  Their prices are slightly high, but it's worth it the pizza and pasta is so good.  Make sure to save room for the zeppolies (sp).... They are to die for.  My favorite is the raspberry sauce.
3 Average NY Style pizza.  Delivery time was an hour.  It's not great nor is it memorable but it's not bad either.  Slightly better than Dominos.
5 Fresh gluten-free pizza AND apps? Where do I sign up?  At NYPD Pizza, that's where!   We had to try it all, so we started with the Broadway Bruschetta and the Spinach Artichoke Dip. Both marvelous. They don't serve it with bread but with crisp squares of their gluten-free thin pizza dough; tastes like flatbread to me.   The pizza itself was also great. The ingredients were fresh and although I'm pretty sure the dough wasn't made in-store (else why offer only one size?), it didn't have the tell-tale little factory marks of a mass-produced, frozen GF crust. They also prepare GF items in a dedicated oven, which is important for people with Celiac Disease who must avoid cross-contamination.
1 Stopped by this weekend with my heart set on gluten-free bruschetta and pizza, and they didn't have any gluten-free products available. When you offer a service that nobody else does, it's important to actually offer the service. Very disappointed.
4 Great food!!!  Good lunch specials.
5 In the time since I sadly had to give NYPD pizza a single star for not having any gluten-free products available upon my visit, I've been twice more. Both times, as on my first visit, the food and service were outstanding.   I was also contacted by two members of management who were very apologetic about running out of GF items and who offered me a gift certificate for the inconvenience. I didn't accept it because I wanted my follow-up review to be untainted by the spectre of paid advertisement, but it was very nice of them to offer.
2 Service was good, and the place is definitely plenty nice for a chain.  That said, the pizza isn't very good.
4 I don't know about it's authenticity as a "New York pizza restaurant" but the food is pretty good and so is the service.  I thought the Sicilian pizza was a little on the expensive side ($19 for half which came out to about 6 square slices) but I haven't had Sicilian pizza enough times to know if the price is par with other places.
4 NY style pie on the in the West Valley  More of a Chicago-style pizza family, but we like NYPD Pizza.  Setting is an open, loud restaurant.  Ordering is quick, drinks arrive quickly, and the service is upbeat.  Pizza is actually very good-- too often, NY-style places are super oily and lack interesting flavor.  These folks don't commit those sins and you can taste your toppings.  Very good for groups.  Price is a tad high for pizza compared to the big chains.  All prices are going up these day though, and this is much better than a Pizza Hut, Domino's, or Pappa John's.
3 My husband likes the pizza. I ordered pasta primavera. Tasted very fresh however it had no real flavor. Since we carried out it doctored myself.
4 my wife and i went there last week and it was really good food and great service and love the new york decor
5 My family goes here almost once a week and we love it. The staff is super friendly and nice to our young son. I love all their salads and my picky pizza eater husband loves their pizza.
5 Great pizza, we ordered Margerita and Bruschetta and both were very good. Nice crust, big slices, very nice restaurant and the inside, friendly staff.
3 Got the 10" pete-zer with all the veggies and meats (Minus Anchovies) it was very good. I came for dinner it was a little pricey for the size of the pie. But their lunch specials blows the competition away with the all you can eat 1 topping slices.
2 Ordered the Italian Wedding Soup, and the Italian Sausage+Peppers a la Vodka.  Both were extremely underwhelming.  The soup was almost bitter, an overpowering celery flavor destroyed any attempt to enjoy it.  Also of note, as a result of this it tasted nothing like any Italian wedding soup I've ever had.  This is further reinforced by it's complete lack of any meatballs (a staple in this soup, under all circumstances).    The pasta was dry (lacking sauce), and a little mushy (the bad, way overcooked kind of mushy).  The sausage in the pasta, however, was outstanding.  The sauce needs to be thickened and the pasta cooked correctly so they adhere to one another.  The absolutely overwhelming amount of basil(?) placed on top of the pasta - I assume for decoration - was also a gigantic turnoff.  Nobody wants to open a vodka/pasta dish and see 3/4 of the surface green - it was just ridiculous.  We'll try them, and review them, again.  But these are two pretty basic staples that unfortunately fell very short of even "I haven't eaten all day, I just want food" expectations.
4 I went during a quiet time with my boys. I have never had New York pizza before all I knew was that it was thin crust. We ordered the garlic cheese knots and my boys loved it and I thought it was good. We ordered the large works pizza and the wait was less than expected. My boys filled up on garlic cheese knots and my wife was at work so it was up to me to be the taste tester. In the spirit of full disclosure I do not like thin crust pizza, it started because I do no like how greasy they are. The pizza was nice though, it wasnt greasy at all. The ingredients were fresh, I really enjoyed that. The employees were helpful and friendly.  I apologize to the waitress because I forgot your name. You were great. One of my kids was getting antsy and the waitress did I great job distracting them. The 4th star was given by my wife who ate the leftovers, she loved it. If the cost was less it would be getting 5 stars.
2 I have enjoyed this pizza before here & in Surprise the service had been good until last time me and my family went we waited there for 40 minutes dine in of course and no pizza finally a manager noticed we were waiting there and came up and just said sorry; we forgot your pizza, I feel we were discriminated because we were the only Hispanics there.... Anyways I still left the tip and just told them to box it up I was going  home by the way the pizza was free but was not worth the 40 minute wait:-(
4 This place has great lunch specials! I have never been disappointed in the pizza here!    Tons of toppings on my fave...Joey's favorite (minus the onions). Their antipasto is to die for with tons of flavor and endless goodness!   My boyfriend loved the pizza and the wings!
4 Great salads and pizza!   We went Saturday mostly families and it was not to busy they have a good salad selection and we felt the pizza was reasonable priced.  We had never had thin crust pizza before, it was good the toppings were all at the center which I didn't like that but the crust was good.
4 Ordered the Brooklyn Family pizza. Was delicious! My first time ordering here. Would definitely come back and try another one.  Oh, and they finished my order rather quickly. Ordered on a Friday night. Was told it would be 23-35 minutes. Came 5 minutes early, hoping it would be done. And yes it was!
5 This is one of my favorite pizza places in the west valley.  Been here a couple of times getting 2 slices.  I enjoy the NY decor here as well.  Went here last year for Christmas.  Tonight I'm trying the location in downtown phoenix on McDowell.  Waiting for my friend who is running late.
5 Great pizza loved they split the pizza into 2 choices. Service was great waiter Andre was very well versed on the menu and loves his products. He sampled me beer at no charge and the in house brews wear very good fresh with nice full body flavors. I would come again.
4 Went and ate in about a week ago the place is nice and clean  ,the pizza was delicious but the only thing I didn't like was there drinks do taste a little wierd
5 My wife and I love the pizza dough at NYPD. You can't go wrong with Vinny's Favorite. You choose your five favorite toppings. We usually go with pepperoni, italian sausage, ham, roma tomatoes and basil. Go ahead and order the upstate wings and salad before you order your pie because it takes around 20 minutes for the pizza to finish cooking. If you still have room, order the San Gennaro Zeppolis. They are covered in powdered sugar and are served with chocolate and raspberry sauces. I'm pretty sure I gained 5 lbs writing this review.
3 I run by for a slice here about once a week but I need to stop that. I just do not think it should take more than 5 minutes and it usually takes closer to 10! (Even when they are not busy.) I am never disappointed when I stay and get a table but sometimes I don't have time for that.
4 My brother introduced me to this pizza joint.  The service and the food is phenomenal.    The atmosphere is great.  Our new go to place for Friday family pizza night!  FYI- you have to try their Fall Harvest salad and Fran's favorite pizza.  So yummy!
4 These guys do a GREAT gluten free pizza. Always friendly, fast service. I get pizza here every time I come to AZ for work. Keep it up!
1 Came here on a groupon, food was good at the time, and service was mediocre. Server was polite but had to ask for plates/ napkins , refills, and the dressing we ordered with our wings. We were nearly done with the wings by time I got the dressing. If I would've waited for the dressing the wings would've been ice cold. Unfortunately after eating here my family and I became very sick and have been for several days. And this was the only place we all ate at in common.  Will probably never return here to this location and throw away the other $20 groupon voucher.
2 The pizza was ok. The garlic knots were dinner rolls. The hero sandwich was decent at least it had cappy on it.  But overall a bit disappointed when the service was the best part of the meal. And she was nice..
5 I've been searching for an arugula and prosciutto pizza like I had in New York a few months ago. And while they did not have the exact thing I've been searching for, they do have the SOHO Salad Pizza, and in a word it was...AMAZING. I asked them to make it without the dressing and just toss the mixed greens in olive oil instead, and I had to hold the nuts because of an allergy, but it was fresh, flavorful and very satisfying. The large is definitely enough to share and was under $10. The staff was super helpful, informative and friendly. This was my first visit, but it will not be my last!
5 We just got home from our first time at NYPD Pizza.  We heard that they serve vegan pizzas so we had to go try it out.  We were expecting more of a typical pizzeria atmosphere...much more casual and just a few tables.  It is very nicely laid out and decorated.  The staff was very friendly to us and to all of the other customers.  In addition to that, they seemed to be enjoying themselves while working.  We ordered two of the My-za pizzas (each serves one).  One was the "Veganizza", with Daiya "cheese", Roma tomatoes, spinach, basil, and garlic.  The other was a build your own and had Daiya "cheese", mushrooms, red onions, and green peppers.  They were both DELICIOUS!!  They were very flavorful and seasoned very nicely.  We will definitely be going back.
5 Love everything from the salad to the Hell's Kitchen wings and the best pizza. Ordering take out is a breeze and dining in is great too. A little bit pricey but superior quality. They have a good happy hour too!
