5 Was in recently to look at purchasing an ipad. Justin was very attentive and helpful. The whole Verizon team was very friendly. Probably the best experience I've had with a wireless co. THANKS GUYS!!! Keep up the good work!!!
5 Mike helped us this evening and I must say not much personality but great service. We went in to activate our new iPhone 5 and it took all of 15 minutes but then.... We tested the phone before walking out and it wouldn't ring.   Not Mikes fault!  Now he is activating another new one lol. Good attitude though.
1 Mike helped us this evening and I must say not much personality but great service. We went in to activate our new iPhone 5 and it took all of 15 minutes but then.... We tested the phone before walking out and it wouldn't ring.   Not Mikes fault!  Now he is activating another new one lol. Good attitude though.      Well let me correct this completely!  Now the good attitude is going sour. The computer is telling him he can't make the phone change until Friday, Black Friday no less due to a system error.  His manager, Jessica I believe wants nothing to do with this and ignores us.  Now we have been sent away with a out of the box failure that they won't deal with because a machine says they can't.  Seriously, doesn't anyone have brain there? Have they heard of customer service?  Off the San Tan location where the Manager Tim was amazing and immediately took care of our problem and made it clear a that the Verizon n problem shouldn't be our problem.  Verizon at San Tan , You Rock.  Verizon Germann and Gilbert we recommend no one go there!!
1 been a loyal Verizon Wireless customer since 1999, so before Verizon Wireless came about. Anyhow, I was in the store for about 10 minutes looking at the Samsung Note II, no one came over to help me. Others that came in after me, they received help but not once did someone come over to see if I needed some assistance of had questions. The sales staff would just walk by me without even making eye contact. Was it because I looked young, as in i'm 27 so they assumed i was just browsing? Regardless, shame on the employees as well as the manager of the store! tsk tsk tsk!
1 If you are a Verizon customer, find another store.  They have no clue what customer service is nor do they care.  They are a bunch of comissioned sales people that care about one thing...selling phones.  They sold my son a Samsung to replace an iPhone and the transition (contacts, pictures, etc.) was a nightmare.  The store personel offered absolutely no assistance.  They basically said that they were busy and didn't have time to help or talk with him.  He spent 6 - 8 hours on technical phone support and they were extremely helpful.  If we had an option, we would switch all our accounts from Verizon but our son lives in a remote area of California and Verizon is the only option.
1 No help with what I needed what so ever. The few employees I talked to were clueless.
5 I have dealt with this store for years and had OK service in the past but recently the staff here went way above and beyond to help me out.  I have a commercial account and I needed to add two phones. Last Wednesday, Michelle helped me and directed me toward two phones that were free but also had a $100 bill credit each, after the first month. (Score)  I also needed some tablets. I already have a few Samsung Galaxy 6" tablets that work well. Michelle told me they were on sell for $100 and they would each have a $25 credit to my account. I decided to wait on the tablets as I don't need them for about a month. However I had a bad car charger that was only about a month old and Michelle got a manager to replace it for me free of charge. (Score again)  A week later I get a call from Michelle at the Verizon store, The Samsung Galaxy Tablets are now FREE with a 2 year plan and I still get the $25 bill credit. I asked her to grab me 3 and I would be in the next day to get them. (Score Again,)  I have never had a sales rep pay that much attention to my needs but it didn't stop there, she knew I needed cases for the tablets and this store was out so she stopped by another store the next morning and got the cases from them so I wouldn't have to make another trip. (Score again)  I had 3 tablets that were eligible for upgrades so we upgraded those, got 3 more, got cases and I needed some other accessories that the manager couldn't discount but she authorized another $100 credit to my account.  I know this store is busy and I have had to wait 3- minutes in the past to be helped but when they treat you like this, it is worth the wait.
