5 Sean is the man and all the staff is helpful and knowledgeable about everything. He can fix any phone at a reasonable price.
5 My s3 made it 2 years before the screen cracked from a drop. Figured I would just upgrade soon anyways so oh well. Met Sean and he said he could fix it, and it would be worth more once I upgraded and could sell it, so figured why not. Well finally took it in to get it done,. Really expected I would be able to tell it had been replaced, but it is ABSOLUTELY flawless! Screen works better than it has in a long time and is beautiful! Will probably just keep this phone now as I don't have any other issues with it. Great job Sean and the very friendly crew!! Will highly recommend them to everyone I meet!
1 One star is generous! I called this store on 6/28 to ask if they could replace a cracked screen of my HTC 8X. The person I spoke with had to ask the repair person who said "yes but would need to order the screen which would take one week". I then came to the store 5 days later, ready to give them half down, (which was required) $50.00 and then was told "we don't work on these phones".  In addition to this, when I arrived at the store two people were behind the counter, one one the phone and one helping the only other customer there. I waited 15 minutes and a second person (lady) walked in. Five minutes later the person who was on the phone asked if he could help this lady.  I immediately ask why he didn't help me as I've been waiting now for 20 minutes. He said he didn't see me and continued with the other person. She was there to pick up her phone which wasn't fixed properly. So she then left upset with-out her phone. A couple minutes before she walked out two men walked in and guess what, The other sales person asked if he could help them. I again asked why I wasn't being helped and again I was told "I didn't see you" Blind or stupid I'm not sure! Maybe both! I immediately went to Sun Solar. Dan said he would order my screen which would take a few extra days do to the holiday, and would then take 35 minutes to do the work. I didn't have to give him a dime and had me in and out  in less than 5 minutes.
5 The employees and manager are a pleasure to work with.  No matter how busy it is you won't feel ignored.  If they can't help you right away someone always makes sure to engage you while you wait,  to assess what you need and apologize for the wait.  Their prices are good, and the service is excellent.  They are professional and enthusiastic about service, they want to help and it shows.  They lay out the options and don't try to up-sell.
