2 I caught that nasty sinus infection that was going around a couple weeks ago and because it seemed like EVERY ONE in the valley was sick at the same time, I couldn't get in to see my regular physician and had to resort to using urgent care.  This was my first visit to an urgent care facility and I wasn't sure what to expect.  When I called I was told the wait time was about 2 hours and to register online using their "wahoo" service in order to be placed in line and they would call when they were ready to see you.   So I took advantage, or at least tried to anyway, of "wahoo" but it didn't work out exactly how they said it should.  I registered at 1 pm but never received a phone call to confirm so 2 hours later I was contacting them and they had to re-do my registration.  All in all I ended up waiting 5 hours for my "appointment" then spent close to an hour in the room waiting to be seen by the doctor on staff.    No antibiotics were prescribed because it was a viral infection, which was fine with me.  I was given an antihistamine to help my sinuses and a steroid (prednisone) for body aches/inflammation.  Well, needless to say I was at my regular doctor's office the following week because my head cold had progressed to bronchitis.  A nurse friend of mine told me that the steroids probably hurt more than helped because they weaken your immune system and allowed a secondary bacterial infection (bronchitis) to develop.  I finally got meds that worked but after missing 7 days of work I realize it will still take a couple weeks for the coughing and congestion to go away enough to fully recover and breathe normally again.  If for some reason my issue is urgent and I need a same day appointment and I can't get in to see my doctor I'll ask friends for recommendations for other urgent care centers or go the the ER before I'd visit this urgent care center again.
1 Bad service - super long wait. This place was empty- NOBODY was in there. We waited 2.5 hours to be seen; and the doctor was a JOKE. She moved so slow; she finally got in our room - said nothing remarkable. Read of her computer screen... was so unhelpful. Avoid this place like the Black Plague. That doctor needs to be seen mental health issues.
2 Major let down.  I booked online at 4 am on their site with their WAHOO service - nodoby called me back.  Knowing that this might happen - I was the first one there at 8 am for an appt and she said it shoudl be quick because I was first.   I was there 2 hours.  I waited 30 minutes just for someone to give me a prescription onsite there and I waited another 30 minutes to just get the paperwork done so I could pay and leave.  They didin't take co-pay from my insurance whihc surprised me so it was a whopping $110 just to see a Physician Assistant only just to give me painkillers.   I guess if you must see someone and absolutely cannot get in to your doctor - go ahead but be ready to WAIT and PAY out the ying yang.
2 Ok...  The name contains "Urgent Care" which leads you to believe two things.  1. Your care will be "urgent"  2. This is a medical facility that treats minor emergencies and advanced illness.  I would expect them to bridge the gap between your regular doc and the ER.  Neither 1 nor 2 are correct.  Even with the call ahead WAHOO service you still have to wait.  Even when the place is empty.  And...  They only have Nurse Practitioners.  That's fine because they are in many cases better than doctors, but they are limited on what they can prescribe.  If you need something stronger (antibiotics in our case) rather than tell you that you need something they can't give you, they still give you a prescription for a weaker antibiotic and send you packing.  So I get less treatment than I get from my doc and I have to wait an eternity to get it.  Now remind me again why this is a good thing?
3 It's close to my house and open on weekends - that's where the goodness ends. Their WAHOO service (something about Wait At Home) is a joke. I wait for an hour plus and then arrive and wait and wait and wait... Watching infomercials. Ugh. As if being sick isn't bad enough.   The billing department isn't the greatest either... Watch the bill. If you find a problem & bring it to their attention they will fix it quickly.   The nurses are all nice... It's just the part before you get to them that stinks.
1 it's my day to whine....DO NOT go to NextCare Urgent Care off Tatum Blvd. Took my 11 year old there Saturday morning at 9:00am. They wanted to take a blood sample to send off. Their 2 employees were inept...kept poking her and "couldn't find a vein". Had to leave there and take her to Sonora Quest by Scottsdale Shea. They were awesome and I think we were there for all of 5 minutes total - with check-in time! To cap it all off, NextCare hasn't even called me with results. Had to call them....and of course there's no direct line to reach them! ANNOYED!!!!!  My family and I simply will not be back.
4 I just read the reviews for this place and I didn't really experience any of the issues.   1. I filled out the WAHOO online form. Within 2 minutes an agent called, confirmed my details (name, DOB, reason for visit), and said she sent the info the the Tatum location. She advised me to wait to hear from them.   2. About 10 minutes later Tatum Urgent Care called. She said she had an opening in an hour. That was great for me. I rested in my pjs until I had to get dressed to leave and drive 2 minutes from my house to this location.   3. I get there and it's easy to find on the first floor. Lots of parking -- I even found shade!   4. Nurse up front is kind and confirms my info. Hands me a clipboard with 1 form to fill out and their privacy notice. Boom -- filled out in 2 minutes.   5. Less than 5 minutes  later a nurse calls me into "the room." She is very kind and polite. Takes my blood pressure and info. I compliment her on how nice she is.   6. Less than 10 minutes later the NP shows up. She was SUPER KIND and asked me what was wrong. I had knee pain (still do as I write this...blergy blergy pain) and she said that I needed an MRI. She asked me if that was okay -- she clearly wanted to help me if the cost was too much. I have insurance and wasn't worried about my deductible so not a worry. But it is so nice that they are aware of the cost of medical care in this country.   7. She advised a knee brace, told me how much it would be if my insurance didn't cover it (super bonus, never had a medical place tell me anything about cost up front). Made sure it fit and was helpful.   8. Checked out 5-10 minutes later.   Bottom line: quick and pain-free (not my knee, from the staff) visit. I would certainly return. I was out in like 30 minutes.
2 A longer wait than expected with only one person before me. Also they called in my prescription but transposed the cross streets of the pharmacy. I got a call from the store at 91st ave vs 19th ave, pretty disappointing when you're in pain. Due to this mistake I didn't get my pain medication the day I should have.
5 Great place for your healthcare needs. Nice and courteous staff, good Keurig coffee in the waiting room. Clean and well-equipped facility.
3 On Jan 1 went in for a walk in at 8am.  No one was at the site and no sign saying they were closed.   Yelp web site showed that they were open.  Had to call to find out that this site was closed for the day.  If it's a holiday call a head as they maybe closed.
1 Horrible process, waited 1 hour and 10 minutes to be seen and then the doctor calls in the wrong order. Calling back into the doctor to get this changed and waited on hold 2 different times for 15 minutes, not going here again.
1 I have never been so insulted as a patient.  I spent around a hour in the waiting room. ...I was with two different employees for a total of less than 10 minutes. I did see a stethoscope....  The bill for services was $255....you've got to be kidding. ...that's criminal. ...
