5 I noticed a really nice pair of shoes as I drove by, and decided to stop in because I  was looking for cool shoes with heels suitable for work. I was personally fitted by the owner with styles that blew me away.   Not every style she brought out for me was on the shelf, and it was fun getting to try on things that just arrived and hadn't even made it out of the back yet.  She really got my style and had a great sense of what would work at my office.  And just as important, she found shoes with 3 inch heels that were incredibly comfortable! When I mentioned this to her, she explained how she knew what would be comfortable by examining my feet when she fitted me.  I was completely and pleasantly surprised by the shoes and the handbags for sale here. Sue, the owner, was so much fun to work with and was incredibly knowledgeable about what shoes would work for my feet.   I love designer shoes, with heels of 3" and higher, but my back just doesn't agree. Now I have a source that lets me have my cake and eat it too!
1 DISHONEST--Do not do business here, Very Dishonest! Purchased item (tan color) receipt says Full Refund within 2 weeks, went back to store 1 week later-never wore the shoes, and was told that it was a clearance item. I said it does not say this on the receipt-Nor was this stated in any way-the owner grabs the receipt and proceeds to "stamp it" with a note that says "Final Sale"-I was in Shock! She now says the sale "Is Final" and laughed.  Terrible customer serice, Appalling,I would Never shop here again!!!!
1 Be aware that when you buy shoes here,  getting a refund is extraordinarily difficult. The receipt noted that "Shoes may be returned for a full refund within 2 weeks of purchase if complete with box, inserts, and in new condition."  I walked in a pair of $180 sneakers I bought for one or two miles and began getting heel pain. When I brought the sneakers back a week later, the store owner said they were not in new condition and could not be returned for a refund, only store credit. She also said that I should have just walked in them around the house so they wouldn't get dirty. About as effective as test driving a car, but only in your driveway. They looked "in new condition" to me. She said otherwise.   Next time, I buy shoes on the Internet or at a store that has a rational, fair refund policy.
1 Dreadful service, especially from store owner and manager who put me in wrong sized athletic shoe after foot surgery.  No responsibility on owner's part for store's mstake; she became argumentative when I requested a refund.  I've had much better service at SAS, The Walking Company and Crocs.  All of these stores offer well made and more reasonably priced shoes, too.
1 And the award for the worst customer service goes to  . . . Foot Solutions in Scottsdale!  My husband has issues with his feet and requires special (aka ridiculously expensive) shoes.  I have been to this store numerous times and every time it is the same scene.  I am completely ignored by the staff (INCLUDING THE OWNER) as they are far too busy having personal conversations to even acknowledge my presence.  Did I mention this was is a shoe store?  Not exactly the kind of place you can just help yourself.  After today, I have decided to take my money somewhere else!  If you are in need of a solution for your foot, I suggest you do the same.
5 I found Foot Solutions 3 years ago and it's become the only place I'll buy my shoes. I have "foot issues" so it's very difficult for me to find cool/attractive, functional shoes. HUGE life-impacter to find these unique brands that I could actually wear to work all day and/or travel in, etc., without pain or problem!! Yes, the price-point is higher, but that just means I have less shoes - and each one is perfect!! They also last a REALLY long time! As for the other posters I've read: Of COURSE you can't walk 1.5 miles in your shoes and return them! No kidding. Would you want to buy shoes that have been walked in for a mile and a half? I think "no," which means they can't be re-sold. As for service, my experience over a 3-year period has been consistently excellent service. I've never experienced anything less than full attentiveness!
