1 NEVER USE monotronics alarms. not if you ever need to use their customer service anyway.  everytime i speak with them, i cannot understand anything they say. they speak monotone and do not care about their customers. it is a waste of a phone call every time i need to discuss matters with them.
1 We were with Monotronics for at least five years.  At first, everything was going good until we found out that for six months they were not receiving a signal from our home which means that if we had a true emergency such as burglary or panic button they would not receive the signal.  What tickles my elmo is that FOR SIX MONTHS they were not receiving an signal and not once they did call us yet they are supposed to be monitoring my system 24 hours 7 days a week ?   Whatever !  We cancelled so beware of this company and any other company that promises to protect you and your home 24/7.
1 If the ongoing service for Monitronics' customers is the same level of service I just received as a potential customer calling for information/rates, I have to wonder how they are in business. I called the 1-800 number and pressed #2 for "new customer" only to have the call answered by someone who sounded quite inexperienced and stumbled over every word. Once he told me that I had to call an agent and gave me the # for one closest to my residence, I did so. However, someone else other than the agent answered the phone laughing and sounding as if I'd interrupted his happy hour time. I explained that I thought I was calling such-and-such with Monitronics, and he blurted out "Oh yeah, well he's on a plane right now." I'm not sure Monitronics and any of its agents need a third chance in order to strike out. I'm pretty certain that if I can't make one or even two phone calls to get general info on installation costs, monthly rates, etc., I'd be even less pleased with the customer service if I were actually a customer.
1 do not go with this company. poor equipment and they do not service their own equipment in my area subcontract it out - means extra costs. poor equipment for hard of hearing people like me.
1 Yeah we've had them for about 3 years they lie about the 3 year contract every time I would call in and complain about getting a extra sensor or my keypad being messed up they could of gave a shit I'm switching to cox plus there cheaper with better technology.
1 Beware of any company that requires you to mail in a letter to cancel your services. We all know that means they will just keep drafting your bank account to their desire. Just like LA Fitness did. So I now have to prepare to contact the bank and have them refuse payment to Monitronics to stop this nonsense
1 Terrible service. Please do all of the people who are stuck with this crappy company a favor and don't even consider them. They are very undependable and unpleasant to talk to. I got switched over from security networks and no one even said anything to me or sent us any info. I had activated a new card so my auto-pay would not work and I was sent a bill from Security Networks and sent back a check and updated payment info as soon as I received it. The excuse they gave me for not receiving this check for 4 weeks was because my account was switched over to Monitronics last Friday. So, why has Monotronics been calling my husband every other day for the past 2 weeks and telling him we have a balance due? This company is extremely unreliable and will make up any excuse and even argue with you to keep your money. If I want out I have to pay $1800 so I'm stuck for 36 months over-paying for a simple service. I wish I would have done more research as a first-time homeowner but hopefully someone will read this and learn from my mistakes.  This company does not deserve a good reputation so let's save others from getting caught up in this trap.
1 Worse company ever! Give a free system but do not explicitly explain a lock in on contract. Dishonest. Called for a service to the system and never came.  Had problems with connections. No response to call for service.  Waited on the phone for 30 minutes to get someone to answer.
