1 Called  John to inquire about some bmw parts. He hung up on me 3 times without even a hello. I thought my phone was broken, untill he finally picked up and said " really, you are going to call me 3 times in a row"? One of the rudest people i have ever spoken too.
5 I was looking for a shop for my 2000 540i; tired of paying big $$$ to the dealer.  Called and was greeted by a friendly staff that address my needs, gave me an idea of time and prices right away.  Set up an appointment for oil change, window actuator and other issues. Brought the car in and I was very pleased with everything!  As he worked on the car he noticed another minor issue, and called with price to fix before doing anything, gave Ok.  Overall A+, they did more work for half what had been done at other places.  Highly recommend!!
5 Taken my BMW 325CI in for some pretty considerable work.  Not only was the job done quickly but it was done well!  The owner walked me through the problems it was having and gave me a great rundown on what I will need done next-in order of highest priority.   I have a profound love for beamers and always want my car in the best care possible at a reasonable rate and these guys get it done with no nonsense.    Another good point to make is there shop was very spacious and well kept.  Another sign of professionalism.    **I would rate a 5/5 but I had some smudge marks from grease.  However, this could be bumped up a star as I am taking it back in for some more work very soon and wouldn't be doing so if I was not highly impressed.    11/07/13 Update! Most recent work done was A+ no grease smudges   Thanks guys! keep up the great work!
5 First visit to this place. I gotta say I was impressed with the customer service and the knowledge of the mechanic. Seem like very good ppl. Worked with me and I will definitely be back for service.  Keep up the great work!
5 Took my 330ci in to this shop after searching the Internet for an alternative to the dealerships.  Bryan and Trinity are nice people and make you feel welcome.  I had pulled the fault codes and when I took it in Bryan pulled and found the same code I did.  They gave me a quote that I consider was very fair and we scheduled the work.  Before leaving I mentioned another noise I was hearing and Bryan threw the car up on the rack after checking for control arm bushing failure.  He was right on.   Went ahead and scheduled both jobs and picked up the car at time promised.   I've found my new independent repair shop for both my BMWs.  Friendly, expert service at reasonable rates. Bye-bye BMW on Camelback Service Dept.  You're good but too pricey.
5 Came back for more work on my 545i. These guys are awesome and very knowledgable. I use to take my car to the dealer and spend so much money my stomach would turn. I'm sorry I didn't go to these guys sooner.  Brian is a great mechanic and down to earth. He knows his stuff. Breath of fresh air not being taken for a ride by the dealership anymore.
5 Just had some work done for my transmission which went defective after so many complaints to the dealer about it. The car was slamming a lot and turned out the transmission was bad. Worked with Brian and Trinity from Phoenix Bimmer and was able to get a new one on my extended warranty. I gotta say I love these ppl they are very professional and communicated with me every step of the way. Brian did a great job and my car feels like new again. No more slamming. Forget the dealership I'm glad I found these guys.
5 I've been coming to PBS for several years and I wouldn't take my car anywhere else!!!  They're very knowledgable, professional, have very competitive prices, all original parts, they listen and care about your concerns, they make time for you and get the job done fast!  The owners John and Renee are cool as hell and so are all the other staff here, they feel like family.  No gimmicks and NO BS!  They really go out of their way to help you any way they can, not just take your money and shove you out the door like most places.  I once had to get my car repaired elsewhere while I was out of town and it only caused problems when I got back home, I brought it to Bimmer Specialists and they found the REAL problem that the other guys couldn't!  I wouldn't trust anyone else to repair my BMW, you shouldn't either.  I've recommended this place to so many  bimmer owners and they all couldn't thank me enough!  These guys are better than the dealers and a hell of a lot cheaper for better quality service.  Free wifi, cold pop and hot coffee here too.
