3 I took my daughter for a mother/daughter pedicure, and we were able to get in without an appointment. The salon is clean, and the staff were kind. I find it interesting to note that just as the first reviewer mentioned, the young man trimmed my nails too short and made me 'jump' from the sharp pain several times... each time saying 'Did that hurt?' as if he were surprised. We get pedicures regularly, and I have never had that experience before.       We still will go there for the low cost pedicures and awesome massage chairs... but, now I trim my own nails and tell them to file only! As for the water being too hot... I like the higher temps, but can understand that some folks would not like it. All in all, this is a good place to go, but I would just trim nails beforehand if you do not like short and possibly painfully trimmed nails.
3 I've been coming here for quite some time and have never had a problem with it until this past Sunday. I walked right in and sat down like usual to get my pedicure. The lady must have thought I had a hang nail and decided to clip and pull at my skin. It wasn't a hang nail. Immediately after, blood starting running down my big toe. I've been cut at nail salons before, but not like this. She seemed to panic a little and started putting some type of glue on it and held pressure on it with a cotton ball. She told me to place my cut toe back into the water and proceeded to sprinkle some stuff over it. Didn't seem very sanitary. After that, I went over for a gel manicure. My nail tech said she was scared to trim anything. She's scared?? How do you think I feel! Anyways, she went on without a problem but then looked at my engagement ring and said "Ooh too small. You tell him to get you bigger one." Rude, unprofessional remark. The outcome of my nails look great but now I have 2 infected toes. I'm debating on whether I should return.
5 I absolutely love this place. Cindy, the owner is the lady I go to. She is so kind and very personable. Everyone is always commenting on how great my nails look. I enjoy the friendly staff here. The prices are extremely reasonable and the service is top notch. My daughter even chooses this as her treat when she has done well in school. I would never go anywhere else. Made the mistake of dong so a couple times and was very disappointed. Make this your stop for all of your needs. Oh and I get my eyebrows waxed and pedicures here as well, all with exceptional service!!!
1 Needed a gel polish change 20.00. Asked if I wanted a manicure and I said no next time maybe. Went to pay and the cashier said 30.00  I paid 20.00 and left to go to Walmart next door. The tech came running in after me in Walmart and demanded I pay the difference. Very unprofessional and I do not recommend this place they will try to rip you off do not go here
2 Worst mani pedi I've ever gotten.  Toenails were barely filed down and fingernails were almost filed to the quick. Paint job on both is sloppy - edge of nails not painted and cuticles full of paint. Their prices are cheap and the staff was nice but neither make up for the time it took me at home to fix what I had just paid for.
