5 This place is like walking into an art gallery!  It is clean and the decor is hip but very welcoming. Even the display for the body jewels was professional and cool.  The staff! Let me tell you how frustrating it is to walk into a tattoo shop and be greeted by the quintessential punk asshole...hate it. Not to mention the occasional rock-star mentality of some of these people....Not Here!!   They are soooooo nice and sooooo talented, truly ARTISTS!!!  They will guide you with your tattoo, sketching and advice on how to " wear" it. Give them a try and you won't be disappointed.  Remember:  Good tattoos aren't cheap and cheap tattoos aren't good.
5 I just realized I wrote my review of Divinity Tattoo and posted it to the Scottsdale location (duh!), so I'm moving it here.  I plan to return very soon for my next tattoo and am sure my second experience will be as great as the first!  Originally posted 1/19/09 I had been wanting a second tattoo for years.  I decided this weekend I would finally have it done.  I asked a few friends for recommendations but didn't want to drive out to the far east valley.  After reading the first four reviews for Divinity, I checked out their website and the portfolios of the artists at the Phoenix location.  I was very impressed and called to make an appointment with Ryan Campbell.  When I arrived at the shop today, I was very impressed with everything I saw.  The decor was gorgeous, everyone was friendly, and Ryan was very knowledgeable.  He was very patient while I decided on the size and exact placement of my tattoo.  After he was finished, I was extremely pleased, and spoke to him briefly about my next tattoo.  I'm already looking forward to making my next appointment with him.
5 Dub is awesome!  The shop has a great artistic vibe and is well worth the money.
5 Wow, this place is phenomenal.  You wouldn't even know you're in a tattoo shop by the looks of the place.  Impressive portfolios, artwork and artists.  The walls are lined with gorgeous framed art, most done by the tattoo artists themselves.  I noticed many of them have also won awards for various competitions.  Bruce created my body art and was really patient with this first timer.  He drew up exactly what I wanted....I was in awe.  We completed the masterpiece in three sessions and honestly it wasn't all that painful.  Bruce is an accomplished professional and very talented.  I will definitely return when I'm ready for my next piece.
5 I've always been super fascinated whenever I walk into the shop, the walls are straight lined with beautiful artwork from each tattoo artist in the shop. Their styles range from dark and dreary to super colorful pieces. I don't pretend to be a tattoo connoisseur or anything or the sort, but I enjoy a really beautiful tattoo shop surrounded by really talented artists.  Initially I went into the shop for a regular sized hip-piece, which Bruce was going to be giving me (insert strong recommendation here!). He was super patient and friendly and seemed to understand exactly what I wanted (and believe me, I'm just like every other person who wants a tattoo; I know exactly what I want, but I don't know how to explain it. At all).  Anyway three years later we're finishing up a full sleeve, and I couldn't say anything more glowing about Divinity or it's artists.  Can be a little pricey, but it's quality over quantity baby.
5 THEE BEST!  Austin You ROCK!
5 This is a great place.  I have a couple more small tattoos I'd like to get and I will definitely go back to this place.  And if Nathan Z is still there - he's my guy.  It was a great experience and I would highly recommend this place to anyone else looking for a tattoo.
5 Tyson Rocks. I came in with a picture of kind of maybe what I wanted. He took the concept and made it ours. Cool guy, very laid back. I am Very happy with the work.
5 I had gotten a couple tattoos at Divinity when they were in Old Town. After they disappeared from that location I thought they were gone forever.....so glad I found them again up on Cactus.  Divinity is more of an art studio. The shop is filled with original paintings and sculptures, and oodles of tattoo awards. You can peruse through portfolios, but you will find no flash here my friend. If you are looking to pick and stick a tattoo this is not the place for you.  In my case I was looking to coverup an arm band (what can I say I got it in the 90's) and I was really impressed with Nathan Z's color work.  He and I discussed the concept I was looking for and the game plan for working out a floral half sleeve piece.  After six sessions it's done, with one session remaining for final touch up. I'm very pleased with it and it covers my original arm band really well.  Great experience with this shop and this tattoo artist, I highly recommend them!
5 The best tattoo shop ever.
5 Once again! Happy as a pig in S**T!!! Austin RULES!!
5 I have 3 tattoos, all done by Dub Weir. I'm a retired professional who had to dress and otherwise look the part my entire adult life. I don't need to do that anymore. I met Dub because I met his wife and admired her tattoo which, of course, he did. It's a piece of artwork I would display on my wall. And I show off his work on my body as i would any valuable piece of art in my home.  I went to the shop for a consult and was really quite astonished. My daughter and son-in-law were involved with tattooing and body piercing for many years and I have been in many shops. In spite of this family connection, I would not let anyone in any of those places touch me.  So, I think that I speak as someone with perhaps a bit more experience in the field than most. Divinity is an art studio. And the work they do is artwork. Each artist paints, or draws, or sculpts, as well as tattoos and their work is displayed all over an immaculately clean shop. And sterility is a priority.  The very first tattoo Dub did for me was not the first we planned. I ended up in the ER one day and my living will was tossed and completely ignored. It specifies DNR but they would have kept me alive, even if I was a vegetable...precisely the reason for the DNR order in my living will. So, in the middle of my chest, anyone who attempts CPR will see a 3 by 3 heart with a hand over it and the words DO NOT RESUSCITATE in black capital letters below. I came back from the dead once after an auto accident and I'm not doing that again.  The second tattoo is a parody of my Irish Family Crest ( I hold dual citizenship. ) the third is an as yet unfinished sleeve of all the animals who have graced my life. I want to honor them all. Thus far, my right arm has a beautifully arranged, virtually photographic representation of my horse, my first Service Dog - who died after being hit by a truck - my current Service Dog, a female parakeet, named James, and a rescued lab guinea pig named Bob. If I live long enough, my arm will be full.
5 THRILLED WITH MY NEW TATTOO!!   I am actually from Massachusetts, but had an upcoming trip to Phoenix planned and decided I wanted to get my next tattoo while out there. I was visiting my best friend and her husband recommended Divinity Tattoo; he had a piece done by Bruce a few years back that came out beautifully and he was very pleased with them. After browsing the website and artist portfolios, I felt that Nicole would be a good fit for me. I emailed her pictures of design ideas and she responded promptly and eagerly. I explained the concept I had in mind and was hoping she could customize something that combined all the aspects that I wanted.   When I arrived at the shop, Nicole showed me the sketch she had done and it was PERFECT. She totally understood my vision and came up with something that was absolutely "me". Better than I even hoped for. And it came out amazing ~ clean, vibrant and completely true to the design concept. Nicole was awesome ~ she made me feel at ease, was really nice, kept asking if I was OK, etc. And it was actually one of the least painful tattoos I've ever had. And reasonably priced as well. Took about two hours; exactly what she had estimated.  The shop itself is gorgeous. Beautiful artwork on the walls, all done by the artists who work there. All sorts of funky & cool décor. The shop was clean, comfortable and relaxing. Everyone that I interacted with was friendly and professional. Even the bathroom was cool!!   Very happy with these guys and would definitely go back. Many thanks to Nicole for really taking the time to come up with something so perfect for me and executing it so well. I'm glad she became a tattoo artist and not a scientist...
5 I had a fantastic experience here and would not hesitate to come here again.    I looked at the artist portfolios online and chose Nicole.  They actually let you make appointments with the artist which is huge for me.  My past experiences have been that shops don't let you do that (presumably because so many people don't show up) and as I don't live near anything, "stop by when you're in the area" doesn't really work for me.    Tattoo shops can be intimidating.  This place isn't at all.  The waiting area has a very arty boudoir feel to it and the staff were very friendly.  I met with Nicole and we went over some ideas for my piece.    Two weeks later, I arrived for my ink.  I loved the design that Nicole did.  I asked to make a few small changes to the design and the orientation and she was fantastic about it.  The color pops and the detail work is incredible.  And, touch-ups for the first year are free!    I loved my experience here and would go back again in a heartbreak.  And in fact, the wheels are already spinning about my next piece...
5 Such a fantastic shop! Both my husband and I have had work done by Scott & we are both very pleased. My piece was fairly simple script work, along with a small emblem designed by Scott with my husband's initials. I love it! The design was perfect; he worked with me to make sure I loved it. My husband's design was a bit more intricate; he had an idea in his mind, but couldn't get it on paper. Scott worked with him to make sure it was exactly what he wanted, and it turned out better than either of us ever imagined. We'll certainly go back. They're not the best with communication, but you can be sure you'll walk out with a piece you love.
5 Best place to get a tattoo. Recently got my first one and was really nervous, Nathan did an excellent job of calming me down and taking me thru the whole thing. Before I knew it it was all done! Place is very clean too!
5 I guess I just can't stay away. What began as a half-sleeve cover-up has now started creeping down my arm into a 3/4, courtesy of Nathan. Once again this shop maintains a level of professionalism that I always appreciate. It's always clean, including the bathroom, there is always someone at the front desk, and they do appt reminders. They have also now made the back studio for clients and artists only, no guests. Which I really appreciate since no client wants someones creepy friend hanging out back there stairing at you while you've got a body part exposed and you're getting inked. Am I right?? I think most of us ladies have been in this situation.  Once again, great experience all around. Highly recommended!
5 Clearly the best shop in Phoenix! I couldn't be happier with my work! Award winning.. Thank you so much!
5 I just got a watercolor tattoo done by Austin this past monday and I was over the top thrilled with the results. It was so easy to walk in and get a consultation with the artist and schedule an appointment with a $60 deposit. Well worth it. This shop is clean, sophisticated, and well worth a stop in to get your next tattoo work done. I'm really excited to hopefully start a half sleeve next year with Austin using watercolor as my inspiration. Totally over the moon about this place.
5 Awesome shop with cool artists. At random, I chose Tyson to do a tear-out and loved both the work and experience. Went back to do Aztec design on my shoulder and he rocked it out! Get compliments on the ink all the time!
5 Nicole was just awesome,  she was patient, great advise and did an wonderful job on my first tattoo ever. Great place with friendly staff and atmosphere. Definitely going back to her for my next one!
5 Just got my first tattoo ever from Tyson and the whole experience was AWESOME! On my initial visit to the shop, the lady at the front was very nice and helpful. My consult and actual tattoo with Tyson was great. He listened to what I wanted and had some great ideas to make it even better. He is a very relaxed and laid back guy. My tattoo turned out perfect. I highly recommend the shop and I plan to get another tattoo done by Tyson in the near future!
5 Frank did an amazing job on my tattoo.  I needed to cover up an old tattoo and Frank brainstormed ideas and designs with me.  His work exceeded my expectations.  His artwork is beautiful and you would never know that we covered an old tattoo.  The coloring and shading in my tattoo is gorgeous.    This tattoo shop was extremely clean and professional.  I had an excellent experience here.   I would recommend Frank and Divinity Tattoo to my family and friends looking to get an unique and beautiful tattoo in a professional establishment.
5 this was my first tattoo, and Charles was my artist...all I can say is it came out better than I imagined....I have recommended Divinity to many people and will continue to...this was the coolest place, impeccably clean, very artsy...totally made me feel at ease. Charles rocks!
5 Two words... ALEX ROCKS! I came in today to get a memorial tattoo. I came in with a different idea then we had talked about initially. He was very nice and changed it up for me!  The whole time I was getting my tattoo, we talked about our lives and he made me feel right at home!  I would definitely recommend Alex to anyone and everyone seeking a good tattoo artist!! Very very professional! Thanks Alex!
