1 All I can say is that if you are considering delivering your baby with Dr. Hunt.. DON'T! Dr. Hunt was my OB for 5 years before I got pregnant, so I automatically chose her to deliver my baby.  Sadly, working with her was one of the worst medical experiences I've ever had. I was induced at 40 weeks after a trouble free pregnancy. She had initially tried to scare me into having a C-section, which made me very uncomfortable. 12 hours into labor, my epidural machine started to make weird noises and the next thing I know I was being rushed into an emergency C-section. I was never told why I needed the C-section and only saw Dr. Hunt 2 times after the surgery. I found her to be uncaring and aloof! To add insult to injury, I got a terrible intestinal infection after the surgery and called her office in pain. Her nurse told me that Dr. Hunt was busy and that I needed to go to the emergency room because she could not help me. Total FAIL!!!
1 I agree with Jackie if you want someone to handle sensitive matters in a professional and concerning way, she is not the one to refer to look for another obgyn or wait for your primary obgyn. She is very rushed and can become upset when you don't know the status of your condition and even becomes irritated when she has to explain it and mind you when she does explain it its like shes telling you a tongue twister. its a waste of time and confusing by going to her office. her staff is wonderful which makes me wonder the environment of the office.
1 I have a very detailed review regarding my experience with Dr. Hunt and her staff on google and Angie's list, however, I am limited on my space, so I will only tell the basics.   I had been a patient of Dr. Hunt's office for over 4 years. Dr. Hunt even delivered my 1st baby. Until I was pregnant, I never saw the same Dr. or NP twice in a row. Once I became pregnant, I mostly saw just Dr. Hunt (besides 2 times because she wasn't in). Throughout the years the waiting time got longer and longer. Almost every time I went in, the waiting room was full. There were times I waited up to an hour and 15 minutes, while I was pregnant. There were also times that I had to reschedule because they had over booked their patients and I didn't have the time to wait because I had to go back to work. Basically, they seemed to be very unorganized.   The staff were friendly, but very incompetent and had lack of communication.It makes sense why they had such a high turnover, and even then, they couldn't get it right. I can't even tell you how many messages I had left with no avail, which is what ultimately led to me finally finding another Doctor.  Dr. Hunt is a very knowledgeable doctor, however, she lacks the bed side manner that most women want in an Ob/gyn. She comes off very passive and, at times, very insincere.   It turns out, that if you have any questions or concerns and Dr. Hunt is not "available", whether it be her day off or she's out of town, you are to wait until her return.This had happened to me on numerous occasions. Not even her medical assistant, Anne, is able to get a hold of her and/or answer you questions, nor does she know how to return phone calls. Finally, after much frustration, I spoke to Dr. Hunt. I was thinking that once I spoke to Dr. Hunt, I would express my concerns and she would make me feel better. To my surprise, she did the exact opposite.  I addressed my frustration regarding receiving a return call when I have questions or concerns about prescribed medicine and/ or a question I may of forgot to ask while I was in there earlier that day/week, and how I didn't like that it would take me several days to get an answer. She, Dr. Hunt, proceeded to tell that, if she was off or out of town and my concerns were not " an emergency" or "important", that I had to wait. I expressed my confusion and told her that I was shocked how she ran her office. It was then, with a very matter-of-fact attitude, she said to me " maybe it's time you find another doctor". Shocked, I told her, I planned to. I was in a bit of dis-belief that she was quick to shoo me as a patient, as well as, the fact that she had no regard to my concerns or the obvious problems within her office.   I have since found another doctor, which I really like, but I am upset that I stayed with Dr. Hunt for so long. I trusted her. I let her deliver my baby. I should've found another doctor earlier, but to be honest, I didn't want to look for a new one once I became pregnant, which is when things in her office, really, became an issue.    This was, by far, the worst experience I have had with any kind of doctor. Lessened learned. I,now, do my homework when looking for doctors, which is how I found my new doctor, and hope it will help YOU to find a good doctor as well.
1 I cannot even begin to comprehend how this Doctor is still in practice. I was referred to her by my gynecologist, as it was my first pregnancy I jumped to seeing her as she had the first appointment available.  Immediately I could tell Dr. Hunt was not a warm person, but I proceeded with my appointment annyways. At that appointment I had some blood work done and I very specifically told them to check a particular thing as a deficiancy runs in my family. A week after this appointment I had not heard anything from the office of my results so I contacted them myself and was told that everything came back with flying colors and everything was perfect. Only to recieve a phone call two days later saying that everything was NOT perfect, nothing too bad but still. The office manager even apologized that she gave me misleading information and should not have told me what she did at the time. During the entire conversation, I was basically told that it was all my fault for calling and being concerned too early about my results which is why they told me the misleading information in the first place. And they work on a "no news is good news" type theory, I was not informed of any of this during my visit. I was simply expected to know everything which can be extremely overwhelming for a first time mother. I was then informed in the same converstation that, and I quote "We forgot to run labs for ..." which was the exact thing that I had specified needed to be checked and we needed to monitor throughout my pregnancy, at that point I was over the moon with confusion and feeling like I could no longer trust this Doctors office, as it is apparently not just Dr. Hunt but also her staff. So I very politely informed them that I would like to cancel my upcoming appointment and that I would be looking for care elsewhere. I believed this to be the end of my frustrations, boy was I wrong.  A few hours after all of this had occured I recieved a call from Dr. Hunt herself, as soon as I answered I could hear the annoyance and condesending tone very apparent in her voice. She proceeded to ask me what exactly happened, but as I would explain she would immediately cut my sentences off defending herself and her staff, which is understandable but then got combative and very rude, saying "Would you like to keep talking, or would you like me to explain" Which really was her saying, "It is your fault for calling too soon for your results, and your fault for not reading everything you signed when you first filled out your initial forms" granted those are atleast 10 pages of forms! I finally got a word in and just explained, I really appreciate you taking the time to call me but I will be looking for a new Dr. at this point. To which her response was an extremely catty, "Well I really really wish you the best of luck, you are going to need it" with a snicker and complete sarcasm tone in her voice.  I truly hope that my experience will help any future women looking to use her as your OBGYN, which knock yourself out. Just keep in mind that the way she handles herself and her staff is just completely incompetent.
1 Horrible OB/GYN!  I was referred to Dr. Hunt by another OB?GYN who was unable to take on new patients when I was pregnant with my first son.  Office visits were good, but delivery was AWFUL.  Dr. Hunt was 2 hours late to my delivery!! She didn't have any partners, so no one else could step in.  The nurses were frantic, my baby's heart rate kept dropping.  It was very stressful. I tore because she didn't have time to do an episiotomy when she got there and when she was stitching me up she made a comment like, "well this isn't going to be pretty."  After the delivery in my first follow up appointment Dr. Hunt blamed the nurse and said that no one called to let her know that I had progressed so quickly.  That was an outright lie!  My uterus prolapsed slightly after delivery, which was a huge concern to me and Dr. Hunt told me that it was normal.  She told me that I shouldn't have chosen a vaginal birth if I was going to be bothered by something like that.  She also told me that she thought breast-feeding was "icky".  I wouldn't recommend this woman to anyone!
