5 The gentlemen at Brakes Plus have been taking care of my care for a little over 2 years. They were recommended to me by my boyfriend and have been amazing. The prices are very reasonable and the work excellent. I had my oil, brakes, and air filter changed this time and it was done quickly and carefully. Thanks guys!
1 I was recommended to this place by a friend of my family member and although they were nice, I would not recommend this place.  They did a diagnostic on my vehicle (which took them all day because this is not their 'specialty' as they said) and the quote they gave me was extremely expensive.  Due to the high quote I shopped around. When I called them back to ask for what type of part my vehicle needed, they couldn't find my info and asked me to bring my vehicle back in and do it all over again.  I don't know about you but I don't have time to keep going back.
5 I've brought both of my vehicles to this particular location (primarily due to convenience) and found that on both occasions I was treated fairly with regard to price and that the front desk staff were courteous and knowledgeable when asked questions regarding repairs, symptoms, etc.  What had been a random visit because of location soon turned me into a loyal patron. Thank you for your honesty and quality service.
5 They do more than just brakes, hence the "plus" in the name of the place. My mom had to bring her car in because she ran over an errant truck tire on I-17 bumping the underside of her SUV and she wanted to make sure that nothing got all screwed up because of the bang.   It turns out the power steering pump was damaged and was leaking. She had the pump replaced, and while they were at it she had them replace the struts and shocks, and she had something else done too, but I honestly don't remember what.   Since she was having multiple services performed, an all day affair, the store manager played shuttle driver, gave my mother and I a ride to her house then picked us back up again to pick up the vehicle when it was ready later that afternoon. Tip is a pretty cool guy.  We got great customer service here. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I note that they were also honest. I was looking out for my mother, but I didn't have to look too hard to see that they weren't taking her for a ride (except for the shuttle home and back).
