5 Friendliest doctor I've ever met. I have tried a handful of dermatologists here in the Valley and Dr. Racette was a great find. He's younger than you would expect, but his bedside manners are great. He's friendly and makes you feel comfortable and appreciated as a client. Last but not least for the ladies I can easily say the Valley has found its "Mcdreamy" in him. No hesitation recommending him.  I also just found out he is among the dermatologists listed in this year's Top Doctors in Phoenix Magazine and deservingly so.
1 Found the doctor via his website and called for an appointment. The ladies that answer the phone are sweet so I felt I made a good choice. I was taken into the room and a sweet girl asked me questions and told me the doctor would be right in. He came in quickly and asked if I would mind if someone that was following him would be present. Fine. The other guy walked in along with a lady (medical assistant maybe). No one introduced either of them. Dr. Racette didn't ask me one question and didn't address any of my concerns. He seemed to even brush off the questions I asked or responded with brusqueness. It was very irritating as a patient to be asking questions about serious topics like skin cancer and feel blown off. He prescribed a cream for me and was walking out the door minutes after seeing me and said he would have someone come in with the script. He never talked to me about how the cream works or what it does. Awful awful. Too top it off, they were supposed to call me with test results. I had to call them and the gal that answered said, "no one called you with the results yet?: NO!! Will not see this doctor again. Sorry but I actually prefer doctors that care to take the time and actually address my questions and make me feel comfortable, not take 5 minutes to rush me through an appointment.
1 What a hack!  First of all, he is a doctor of osteopathy, NOT an MD, no PhD.  I have acne and wanted to know the best way to treat it.  He told me the ONLY thing that would make my skin any better was Accutane, a drug that is overwhelmingly toxic and has been known to cause birth defects, depressive disorders, Crohn's disease, inflammatory bowel disease, nd ulcerative colitis.  He recommended this poison to me after looking at my skin for about 15 second, without asking about my health history, my lifestyle, my diet, what I've tried in the past - NOTHING!  This "doctor" is clearly getting massive kickbacks for prescribing this garbage to people.  He also cut me off while I was asking questions, was dismissive with his answers and even flat out ignored one of my questions at one point.   This guy is a joke!  Do NOT give this quack a single dime or a second of your time!
5 Voted TOP DOC in Phoenix Magazine!!
1 DO NOT SEE THIS JERK. I had some long time skin issues, and new acne caused by testosterone. He really did not do an exam! He didn't look at my skin. He didn't look for moles or any skin issues. You are supposed to map out the body so next year you can make sure nothing is new or moles have not changed. This is how you catch CANCER. All he did was mumble about my two options. But he never would actually give any ADVISE on it He gave me a long speech about Acutane. Only when I pressed him did he say he didn't suggest it for me. This guy has the personality of a SLUG. It took me longer to fill out my paper work than his "exam" did!  When I realized he was leaving I said WAIT! I have a few more issues. He gave me the same look my MOM used to give me when I was bad. He quickly whipped out his gun and burned two warts for about 5 seconds, burned a little thing on my head and was headed out the door before I could ask anymore questions. I have ER doctors in less of a rush than he was. There was only one other person in the whole place, no idea where he needed to go so quickly, maybe to look in a mirror and admire himself?!?   You could tell I was not worth a his time. My guess the only thing he really likes doing is giving women Botox or anti ageing cream. I am still amazed that this guy is a Top Doc. I BEG YOU PLEASEEEE do not do it to yourself. Go to ANYONE else!
2 Rushed, rushed, rushed. Very briefly looked at my skin issue and gave me some samples of a topical cream, which I appreciated. He just very clearly had other, better places to be, than listening to me or paying attention to any of my questions. I had 2 more questions I was planning on asking him, and he and his robot-like assistant were already out the door, so...so much for that. I love a doctor who at least gives me the impression they give a crap about what I'm talking about, whether they really mean it or not. That's not gonna happen here, though.
5 c
