3 I really want to like this place.  The staff is great...very friendly and the place is super clean.  However the services were average at best.  No lotion during the manicure and no trimming or real clean up during waxing.  I almost would come back on atmosphere and staff...but it was a little disappointing.
5 Been to many nail salons around the valley and will drive out of the way to come here. Their prices are great, they are super clean. The owner is amazing and everyone is always friendly! My daughter and I have been here many times and always happy with the quality of the services. Thank you!
5 LOVE this place! Cindy does the most amazing job! Her pink and whites are impeccable! They never lift even tho I wear them long. The owner Christine is super nice and always remembers me and what's been going on with me. Very clean and relaxing!! :)
5 By far the best salon to go to! They always do an amazing job and are very friendly! The prices are fair and the service is great!
5 Fabulous salon. Clean & calm. Very relaxing spa pedicure. Was going to do gel nails, but Natasha explained why I shouldn't at this time (apparently nails are too short). Very happy with the polish. Wi be going back for sure!
4 Clean & calm. Very relaxing spa pedicure. Was going to do gel nails, but Natasha explained why I shouldn't at this time (apparently nails are too short). Very happy with the polish on toes but not so much on hands. Will go back tho.
4 The place is very clean and friendly. They offer you a water bottle while you wait. I've been there twice and was pleased the first time when I got a full set put on. I went back for a fill and she didn't put the acrylic very low on my nails so it looks like I've had them for a few days. My mom even said "those are new?! They look grown out already" when I showed them to her. The shape is very nice so I'll go back for a fill and see how it goes. I think it depends on who does your nails but overall it's a pretty good place with good prices.
