5 Great place to get relax. Went there twice already and will go again. Afternoon is usually more quiet and you can also enjoy your own private room foot massage. It's very close to where I work, so it's convenient to just make appointment and visit.   The place is clean and quiet. Just remember to lower your voice when you walk in.
5 Very friendly and professional. Excellent value, but the service doesn't suffer for such a low price. Will definitely go again!
4 I have visited nearly every foot spa in the Chandler/Gilbert/Mesa area and this place did not disappoint. Totally unassuming, older strip-mall sort of location, but the service was excellent and massage top notch.  And at $30 for 60 minutes (like most in the area) you can't complain! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because it could get a little loud in the reception area since there are no doors, but just curtains, and you could hear it while you were getting your massage, but that fact won't deter me from going back for an epic and affordable relaxation session!
4 My wife and I go for reflexology every year we come to the metro area. This place offers a good value for 2 people. the only thing that was different at Oriental Foot Spa was the masseuses would leave for several minutes between transitioning from your body massage to your foot massage. Kind of stops the flow that you want from a massage.
5 Best foot spa I have been to in AZ!  Exceptional service and top notch massage
5 love this place. I am a regular. $30 for one hour massage.
5 I've had people tell me that a reflexology massage is wonderful, so today I finally tried it.  Best.  Massage. Ever.  It may have been "only" an hour but it felt like so much more.  Just when it thought that it must be over, she tells me to turn over so she could do my back.  And only $30. I may do this a few times a month.
5 Spur of the moment massages for four and they took us right in. As soon as we got off the car she opened the door for us and asked if we were the four that had just called and ushered us directly in to our room that was waiting for us! We all agreed that the massages couldn't have been better. The yech left us but it was only foe a few seconds and it was all to prepare for the next step of massage that was coming up like a hot towel for our legs, or the hot pillow to put under our necks. I loved every minute of my one hour massage that was only 30 bucks!!!!! Deff worth your time and monies :)) HIGHLY recommend this place.
5 Great experience! The staff was very accommodating, and the massage itself was fantastic. They really work hard and do not cut any corners. I went with two of my friends on Easter and they were able to get all of us in and we were all happy with the people who did our massage. highly recommended
5 Great massage! From head to Toes. The whole experience was Great! They start on your Head move down to your feet. Spend some time doing the Reflexology. Wow! Then when you think it is over they tell you to flip over and do your back! So it is 1 hour for $30 plus a punch card. Great massage. Yes I would Highly Recommend.
