3 I believe this is a just decent place. The first time I went there it was to find out if they offered private kinder, my main reason was that one of my kiddos is a December baby, and I was looking into enrolling him in Kinder, but he didn't make the cutoff date of September 1st to be able to enroll. I was looking everywhere, calling every school, charter school, private schools, and nobody offered the "Early entrance" for kinder. I read somewhere on their website that they offered private kinder... when I went to inquire, they didn't offer that in this specific location, but the one in Laveen. With their prices, and the drive, it wasn't going to work out for us, plus, they couldn't guarantee that the school system would actually "accept" it, because it wasn't a certified, blah, blah, blah! So basically, it was going to be just babysitting my 4 year old, with a monthly payment... no thanks, I can do that at home, for free!! Plus, my house wouldn't stink like a dirty diaper perpetually.    Now, the last times, I've been there is to pick up an acquaintances kid, so I can watch him after hours. It has been decent service, the staff seems friendly, but most of the time, they are just talking among themselves, and don't give a very professional service at the front desk, they are too casual for my taste... I don't even know them, I need them to acknowledge me, and show me around, so I can get the correct kid out, lol! They just take it for granted everybody knows the drill.  **PS:  Last 2 visits I noticed that they've been using lysol more often, the stinky diaper smell is not as prevalent.
1 August 5th at 2:30 pm. Pulled an illegal U turn on 51st ave just before the bridge. She whipped across a double lined road, across 4 lanes of traffic! Two trucks on coming in my lane, and a 18 wheeler on the inside lane!!! She was almost a hood ornament on the 18 wheeler, we could stop buy he locked up all his wheels and barely got it stopped. I pulled up next to her and you guessed it, the bus had kids on it! And she was reading her phone!  The driver is a Hispanic woman a bit over weight with glasses. She's going to kill someone!  I posted the bus tag with a photo on this yelp. The school or the bus belongs to the Laveen school
2 Usually I really like this daycare but I have to vent so bare with me..  it's crazy to me that I have to pay for a day I didn't receive services..yesterday they weren't available due to them having a team meeting otherwise they'd be open.. Essentially I'm paying for their team meeting?? I'm not sure how I feel about this buut I'm I feel a kind of way about it...
