4 Like any PPP you're not going for gourmet food, so I'll start by saying the pizza and other food was good when compared to Domino's, Chucky Cheese, Pizza hut, etc. Had a pitcher of beer it was cold and two frosty glasses. For a kids' night out it can't be beat and this Carefree Highway location was clean, good courteous service. Others I've been to had clueless high school kids running the place, but this location is definitely much better. Four instead of five stars because at least 3 arcade machines were out of order and it was pretty packed on a Wednesday night.
3 Fun to hang out or have a party. The pizza kind of tastes like frozen pizza but can't expect much when coming to places like this. Overall a pretty good time.
4 Food...pretty good pizza. Food tastes fresh, weekday buffet is a pretty good deal. Nothing to complain about here.  Ambiance....ummm it's definitely for kids but the place is always clean, including the restrooms.  Staff....always friendly and helpful.  Verdict.....definitely take the kids here
5 = = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  Entering through an enormous facade (photo) delivers you into surprisingly small but really nice Peter Piper parlor.  I stopped in for the Buffet today, finding 3 tossed salads, 8 pizzas and breadsticks at the ready.  I did go ahead & order up a custom pizza:  Thin Crust, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, bacon, Red Onion and Jalapeño, and then enjoyed some of each of the salads.  Before too long friendly Manager Justin had my pizza out of the oven and brought 2 slices to me at the table to get started with.  This was some really beautiful pizza, but the photos (taken with my supposedly "good" camera rather than my cell phone) didn't do justice to this beautiful creation so I'm not putting them up.  Of course I grabbed some more of it before it was gone from over on the hot line.     :-)  Let me say that everything about this restaurant and the service were just right, and the pizza TERRIFIC, period!!  (Yes flamers, I've paid 3x as much for pizza at Bianco's and YES, I thought this beat it!)     :-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $5.99/$5.39 Sr.
5 Love this place. Great for the kids and always clean. I can always tell when a restaurant has great management. Our kids never wait for a ticket attendant. This makes the experience for the parent enjoyable.
