5 Love this place.  Clean and the staff is very nice.
5 I have been to Pretty Nails several times and have always had a great experience. All the staff I have encountered are friendly and professional, but most importantly, this salon is clean!! They use disposable pedicure liners and open a clean set of tools for me every time. I have never had a bad manicure or pedicure here. For those of you who are gel polish lovers like I am.... I recently found out they have a product called Perfect Match... gel nail polish with a matching laquer polish for your pedicure.
1 I went there for my birthday to get gel French nails done. The workmanship was good but within a day they cracked and started peeling. When I got home I was told that they did not do a proper job.
5 I've looking for almost a year now for a great spot to get manicures/pedicures.  I FOUND IT!  Am very impressed with my experiences at 8 Pretty Nails.   Have been here (3) times, alone, with GF, and with teenage daughter.  The employees are polite and professional.  It is very clean and attractive.  They have spa liners which they replace after each customer.  They have new instruments in package for each customer.    Great, relaxing experience each time. Great job and manicures and pedicures, usually last 2 weeks.  LOVE THIS LITTLE GEM IN SURPRISE for pampering!  My nail technician is Angie: SUPER!
5 I love this nail salon. It is very clean and nicely decorated. I like all of the staff and rarely see a new staff member.
4 My first time here and I was pleased with the experience - the salon was clean, the staff helpful, and the price was right. Looking forward to a future visit.
5 My first experience ever getting a manicure and pedicure. Very nice staff, very nice equipment and very sterile. Had a great time with my wife. I got my toe nails painted.......shhhhhhhh.
3 First the good stuff. The salon appears clean and has lots of polish selection. It looks like it is very easy to get in since it has a ton of employees.  It is also reasonably priced.  I had a basic pedicure so they have me a young guy who had no name tag and looked like he was an extra.  It felt like a punishment.  The atmosphere is like a big barn of manicures and pedicures. I like my pedis to be relaxing and not like this place. I will never go back. I will look for someplace else.
3 This nail salon is clean, and has very nice employees.  The owner man walks around a lot and bosses people around in front of the customers, which is weird.  John and Angie were my favorite nail people, who had more skill than any other nail tech I have ever had do my nails... and both are not there anymore.  I won't go back due to John and Angie both being gone.  One time I came in and wanted to make an appointment to have either John or Angie do my fill in for my nails, and the owner said he was going to do them, and told me to go sit down at a table he pointed to.  He did my nails, but not how I wanted them done.    I want to reiterate this salon has amazing employees, but the owner man that walks around barking orders around and snorting makes it  uncomfortable.  I brought my neighbor's 10 year old daughter to get her nails painted, and she was scared of him if that says anything.  LOL
1 This review is just based on their customer service... Went in as a walk-in for 2 mani/pedi's. Asked how long the wait would be for service and they stated "15 minutes, go pick you color you like...", then told to sit in pedi chair... Finally 45 minutes later after waiting in an empty pedi chair (with no water to at least soak our feet) and seeing multiple people walk in and get immediate attention, asked if we were ever going to get service, they responded with, "they have appointment"... I totally understand if you have an appointment you should be taken at the appointment time, but don't tell your walk-in customers an unrealistic time frame. Thanks for waisting  our time. Well, at least I got to show 8 Pretty Nails and Spa my one shiny (middle) nail because I did take my business elsewhere.
5 I've been going here for about 4 yrs.Cleanest nail salon I've ever been to! Everything they use on you comes out of a bag. Not all salons are sanitary which can cause health problems. I will never go to another salon again!
