4 I can only comment about the "Hard Chicken Tacos" since that is all that I have tried. But I have had them 4 times, and all 4 times they were great.  It's not easy to find "good hard tacos" in Phoenix.  Fast food chicken tacos are ALL crappy.  Some or most of the "Mexican" food restaurants try to fry their own corn tortillas and fold them into taco shells ( /Fail ) or just sell "rolled tacos."  These at Federicos are good taco shells which don't fall apart from the first bite, and don't get "soggy on the bottom" too soon.  The meat has a very good flavor - not too salty and not too spicy, but definitely not drab or bland.  Price is good too.  They run a special where you can get 5 tacos and a drink for like $5.29 or something.  It's crazy cheap, and the portions are not small.  It's my "go-to spot" for hard tacos.
5 I had a Chicken Taco Combo for 6.19 which included 2 Hard "Red Chicken" Tacos with Rice & Beans. I added a large homemade lemondae & apparently they charge a .50 fee for any card transaction so my final total was 9.44. It was well worth it. Tacos were seasoned well I felt were overstuffed in chicken but I pulled it out and munched later in the meal. The rice & beans were plentiful. I had no leftovers but I did not eat anymore for the rest of the day. Completely filling. My first experience was wonderful. No complaints!
2 OMG. First time I've been here. Had a large (work) lunch to order, figured I'd go inside. HORRIBLE idea. It was 113 degrees outside, and 94 inside OMG. I about died. It took forever for the food to be ready.   The employees are friendly though, and very welcoming. Maybe, I'll hit this place up again, and change my review. Until then, DON'T EAT INSIDE!!
4 Went inside on Saturday morning and ordered the Country Breakfast burrito. I added rice to the potatoes, cheese and eggs and my total was about 6 bucks for a very large breakfast which half the burro is still sitting in frig. Everything seemed freshly made to order and the ingredients all tasted nice. With no meat inside, it was hard to mess this burrito up, so it was a nice, no worry about what is inside my breakfast. Extra points for free chips on the counter and a decent green sauce was served on the side, more thick than than normal. Great radish and cucumbers as well.
4 Ordered the Carne Asada Burrito this past Friday evening. It was divine!! Especially liked the fact they didn't skimp on the protein. Way to go!   I did utilize their drive-thru services and so I can't comment on the inside décor, etc.  Neighborhood, however, is less than desirable being located on VanBuren. VanBuren Street in the Valley of the Sun does pride itself w/being the "pay for play" street. ;)  This is yet another dangerous temptation I face on my route home now. *sigh*. Can't wait to try another menu item! :)
