5 Wow!  An honest repair shop.  These guys are a no-brainer.
5 It's comforting to deal with an honest auto shop for once!  They've done a few small jobs for me without charge (installed a new blinker bulb and ran diagnostics on why my engine light was on.) They also did some repair work on a used jeep I bought and came in a couple hundred UNDER their estimate because they didn't have to buy all the parts they thought.    Nice guys, nice shop.
5 I hope this shop never goes out of business because finding an auto shop this honest, helpful, and accessible is just about impossible.
1 I always had my car serviced at Rob's Quality Automotive, but Shadow MA Service was a newer business in the neighborhood, very close to our house, so i decided to give them a try. Dropped my car in the shop, got back home. A little later receive a call from the rep, saying that the axle on my car is in a condition, that if I drove another 50-100 miles, it would unravel and fall out , which could lead to a very serious accident. I was mortified when I heard it, because i had no indication of anything THAT serious. The problem was ABS BRAKES light was coming on and staying lit up for the duration of the drive. So, they give me an estimate-  $550.00. I called Rob's to ask how much they would charge me if they have to replace the axle and the bearing. Rob said: if it is the axle only-$240.00, if bearing only-$280.00, if both- then the sum of those two amounts. I thought  that for the differnce of $20-$30 it was not worth it for me to go pick up the car, drive it to Rob: so I authorised Shadow MAS to proceed with the work. An 1,5 later i got a call that the car was ready. I stop by, they give me the bill for $550.00 and offered to show me the part they replaced. They show me HUB BEARING and explain that the problem with the axle was that the tightening nut on it  was very loose, could have come undone, so they tightened it. I was then very unhappy about the cost of the job, but paid it. Couple days later we took my husbands' car for service, so I showed Rob my receipt from SMAS and ask him what he would have charged based on the description of the part, which was on the receipt. He called NAPA , asked about that part and printed for me an estimate showing that same part and labor costing $315. Right away i saw why my bill was so high- SMA charged me $ 390.00 for rhe part, while the Rob would charge only $146.90 and still make his markup on it. I went back to Kurt, owner of SMAS and confronted him about the bill. He acted like there was nothing wrong with the bill and that the " charge for the part was so close to HIS cost" This was an outright lie, because I had a quote from NAPA what the cost of the part was and told him. His response? " I am making money- I mark up price for EVERY part I install". So, it is not enough that he makes money for the labor,and would make , say, $15-20 marking up parts. NO, he had to gouge me additional $240 on top of the price of the part. Who does he think he is? He did not manufacture the part, store it or transport it. He had it delivered, installed right away, but used it to make additional $240.00. Shadow Mountain Auto Service is a RIPOFF! NEVER AGAIN!!!
5 I used to live near them.  But, two years ago, I moved to Laveen, 26 miles away.  My wife and I won't take our cars anywhere else.  Curt and his staff are incredibly knowledgeable.  But, first and foremost, they are honest.
5 Great service from Shadow Mountain Auto Service.  Honest work done quickly for a reasonable price.  So glad to have found a mechanic I trust.
5 Me, and my entire family (5 cars) have been going here for years, from oil changes to serious problems.  Every time we go, Rip does a fantastic job, and is transparent and honest throughout.  Never work without asking first, and always try to help on the price (they've even done some small stuff for free).
5 Curt, Rip and everyone here are really helpful. Their commitment to quality work at good value is their highest priority. They won't sell you what you don't need, and they give a long warranty on the work they do. Very high integrity.
4 This place is fantastic. Great, honest service. I give it a 4 because they are not open on Saturdays. I appreciate closing for staff but it is very inconvenient for customers who are strapped for time. If you don't work or can get there during business hours I highly recommend them. If you are like me and work a lot, this is not the best place.  At least a half day on Saturdays like most dealerships would be great and would have made them a 5 in my review!
5 These guys were super awesome. I was buying a used car and they inspected my vehicle before I purchased it. They were either not busy, or they made time for me, as I had not scheduled the inspection, and they started checking under the hood within minutes of my arrival.   I get the feeling that this is an honest shop, which is the #1 priority in my book. The inspection was free, but I gave them $20 anyway, which is probably less than many repair shops would charge.   If I find myself needing a repair, I'll be back for sure!
5 When I moved in to the neighborhood a few years ago, I told Rip I was looking for a regular mechanic.  He said, "Give us a try."  Man, I'm glad I did.  These guys are so honest that they continually suggest ways we can save money on needed repairs.  Now, our family members from all over the Valley come here for any work.  I highly recommend them for their honesty, quality of work, and their overall friendliness.
5 Hi everyone, I just returned from Shadow Mountain Auto Service and am More than totally satisfied.  They are honest, friendly and obviously have integrity . This is the   shop that  I will continue to take my auto to.
5 We moved back to the area and needed some work done on our van. Shadow Mountain auto was very thorough, competent, and friendly. They even threw in some minor things, like an unnoticed tail light that needed to be fixed, for free!  Each time I go back, it is consistently a good experience.
5 2 things I found out today. 1. Yelp is my new consumer Bible. 2. Shadow Mountain Auto is my new 'toto' mechanic.  Had to do 30k maint on one of my cars and did my cost estimate online. Expecting to pay $300+ from online information, I called Shadow Mtn and the guy told me around $200. Paid $140 when all done. Never in my life I paid less than what I expected on car repairs/maint. Another shop told me I need to replace my auto transmission oil at 30k, this people told me I didn't. I thought I need to replace my break shoes after I did my own 'half-ass' visual inspection, Shadow told me I didn't after they took a look at them. On oil changes, everyone else put a sticker on my windshield and said I needed to go back after 3000 miles, Shadow's says 5000 miles. These guys may not be the cheapest, but I know I will save money overall and never got any unnecessary service or repairs. Keep up the good work, Shadow.
5 Brought my car in for issues on starting. They did a thorough inspection, found several issues that needed to be addressed and advised I should go to dealership since it should be under warranty. Although he could not duplicate my starting issues, he didn't charge me for his service. He was friendly and appeared to be knowledgeable. Will be bringing our other car in soon. Nice to find a neighborhood car repair that doesn't rip you off. Kudos.
5 My car was overheating and the closest place I could think to take it was Pep Boys. They quoted me almost $700 because "all of my hoses needed to be replaced" along with my thermostat and a coolant flush. Not to mention they were going to charge me EXTRA for a warranty on the parts which is absolutely ludicrous. After talking to a trusted mechanic (who doesn't live in AZ) I took it for a second opinion to Shadow Mountain Auto Service. It was a bit of a drive but I made it. After all, they're yelp reviews are nothing but raving fans. A trusted, hard working, friendly auto business. Not only did they quote me $300 less but they told me they couldn't find anything wrong with my hoses. It was clean, comfortable, there's coffee... They even seemed genuinely concerned about me driving up there and told me to keep in touch and call them if I happened to need a tow. I'm so glad I decided to get a second opinion. Thanks Shadow Mountain for being so kind, greeting me by name and understanding that all anyone wants is an honest mechanic.
5 This team of people are great. What a positive experience.  They did work on my brakes and belts and went way out of their way to make sure the work was needed, they used the best materials and I was happy with the work.  They were very honest on work and pricing. Their pricing was very reasonable.  Curt  and his team take customer satisfaction and fairness seriously and it shows in how they take care of their clients.  The waiting room is very nice with welcoming coffee and wi-fi. They will have my business and will highly recommend to others
5 This garage is as good as it gets!  I've been coming here for ~7 years and wouldn't think of going elsewhere.  These guys are fast, courteous, thorough and most of all HONEST.    I recommend them to everyone who needs a great mechanic.
5 I took my truck in for an oil leak, and they found the leak and repaired it very quickly. The staff was very courteous and did not try to sell me on other services. I will definitely being going back there for all my future automotive needs. They are cheaper and by far less hassle for oil changes than jiffy lube.
5 Finally, found an honest repair shop that fixed my immediate problem & did not try to sell me a laundry list of manufacuture recommended  repairs based on millage.  Asked Rip (owner) to check couple of oil leaks which they did & told what the issues were, cost to repair & if they needed immediate attention. No sales  pressure just an honest  conversation with someone  I now trust for my auto repairs.  Thanks Rip, will be back
5 Cant say enough positive things about this garage. Curt, the owner, knows everything there is to know about vehicles and therefore gets the diagnostics correct. By getting the diagnostics correct, this garage fixes the problems correctly.   The staff are friendly and informative to both genders.   Prices are great.   You wont go wrong with this garage
4 they are fast and do a good job. some of the prices are questionable but whose isnt in auto repair.
5 I haven't had many auto shop experiences aside from getting my tires rotated and oil changes when I didn't feel like doing them. I must say I am impressed with these guys! They are polite, friendly and courteous. Every time I called they were fantastic. They didn't do anything that wasn't necessary and didn't give me a spiel about all the things I should fix on my car. They work fast, and I was quite pleased when my total bill came under the estimate both times I've been there. I would highly recommend them.
5 Got my brakes done a week ago, drove out of town. Brakes seemed worse by the time I returned home. Went back and they took care of the problem beyond my expectations! You measure a business by how they handle things when they go bad.  I was extremely happy with how they took care of me and they have earned my repeat business!!
