1 Don't know where to begin, went to this place for my yearly checkup - a simple paps. Front desk girl had less than friendly demeanor, why does that always seem to be the case at medical practices?  Are these receptionists not paid well? Why do most seem so darn grumpy? Got past the front desk person and saw the medical asst. she seemed nice, friendly & professional.  So far so good.  Then the Nurse Pract comes in to give me my exam.  She was wonderful, professional and nice. She finds something a little off.  OK, we run a test to make sure everything is ok.  One test is done and imediately that is fine. The other more concrete test results are due in two days.  I wait (nervously). In the meantime, within a few hours of leaving, my tummy is sore.I call and get a less than caring attitude from the front desk girl (again) ok, whatever, clearly she has her own issues or perhaps I interupted her Facebook update time :)  The MA tells me to take some Motrin and go to the ER if the pain increases.  Huh? What? Is this a joke? I was fine BEFORE I went to their office and had my exam!  Yikes!  I take some Motrin and call it a day.  I call two days later for my test results (my belly is still sore).  I am told by the front desk person, the results are in but the Nurse Practioner is NOT there to read them, so I can't have them.  I say, what does that mean, I really need these reults, she repeats herself.   I say, nicely (as I always do...you get more with sugar than salt right? nah? maybe?). I continue, well, can someone else read them to me? I have been waiting for two days to make sure everything is ok. She seems put out, and tells me she will pass my call to the nurses line but states, they are not going to call you back until the afternoon!  I say, "great, thanks".  All the while thinking, what the hell is wrong with this chick? Who peed in her Oatmeal?  I then get a call from the Medical Aide who is clearly peeved that she even has to call me, sounding VERY stressed, she states to me,  "I never make these calls, this is something the Nurse Pract should do, but she is out".  I am thinking, ok, like that is my concern?  Shouldn't that be your office managers concern, not mine? I just need my results, so I can get on with my life and picking up my 4 year old in 10 minutes from school.  I asked more about my results by saying what does this mean, she responds, "it means what I am saying!" Who in the world is running this place? Is this a case of you pay peanuts, you get monkey's?   Or is this a place where the doctors have become to busy to have any idea of what is going on in their practice?  They should spend less time on the office decor and start training their staff.  After not being to pleased with the MA's phone call and more confused than ever about what the heck my results indicated, I googled my results and now understand what I have.  It's a sad day when you can't get a straight answer from a medical professional and you get a better idea from Google.    After letting the dust in my brain settle, I called the office and requested they mail me my test results as soon as possible so I may look them over.  I was completely stone wall'd by my friend the receptionist. She went on and on about they must be signed off first.  I said OK great, whenever they get signed today, tomorrow or 2015 - just send mail them to me - thank you!!!! She then passed along our conversation to the MA who called me back right away to try and well, I am not sure why is called - sounded like she just wanted to defend herself. I basically said, I am not happy with you practice, and your bed side manner is less than stellar! Please just mail me my results and I will start looking for a new practice!    My experience at this practive has nothing to do with anything other than a office that is clearly VERY POORLY run! Too bad I really like the Nurse Pract!
5 Always have an excellent experience at NSWH, have been going there since it was open.  Dr. Simone has helped me extensively with my hormones and gotten me in balance, she has performed a procedural operation on me that was excellent, her care and experience has been the best i've ever had and I'm in my mid 40-'s.  The office has always been on top of things and I've always appreciated their help and service.  I'd highly recommend this as excellent, top shelf medical care.
1 When my husband and I found out we were pregnant, we wanted to find the best doctor to care for me and our baby. We signed up for Angie's List and NSWH had the best reviews. I called and scheduled an appointment for July 14, however a few days after I started to have miscarriage symptoms. I called and set up an emergency appointment and was able to get in on the 28th of June. While setting up the appointment, the girl didn't even put me on hold while trying to figure out if I could get in or not. I just kind of let that go and hoped that everything would go smooth after, but it didn't.   When showing up for the appointment, I handed over the insurance info the front desk girl and soon after sitting down, her, another girl and a nurse gathered around the computer and were staring at my husband and I. I wanted to leave right then and there, but I needed to know what was going on with our baby. After the nurse called us into a room, I got asked to undress and before I can even finish getting my clothes off the lady barges back in and I had to rush half naked to get on the table. She started the ultrasound and sadly the baby didn't have a heartbeat. At this point I am crying and my husband is holding my hand. The lady finished her ultrasound, allowed me to get dressed in privacy (thank God) and then moved us to a different room. Once again, I was asked to get undressed; someone else came in and took a look down there, soon after I got my blood taken (by a real nice lady), and then got left alone with my husband in the room for almost 30 min. I ended up sending my hubby to see what was going on and he came back with the nurse that told me the doctor was in air and nobody could get a hold of her. She then tried giving me a shot "just in case" I had a negative blood type. When I asked if it was painful, she said yes. My hubby became very frustrated stepped in when realizing that they were just  trying to get money off of us. I didn't end up getting the shot.   We got sent home and were told to wait for a call to schedule a DNC. Later on in the evening my husband received a call from the office and was told that my DNC would be scheduled for Monday at 1 PM. When my husband asked if we could reschedule for a different week or after 2 PM that Monday to ensure he could be there, his request was refused. I tried calling back and was given the run around until I finally gave in. I was too tired and mentally exhausted to fight these people. I just wanted everything to be done and over with.   Fast forward to the day of the surgery.... we were sent to the wrong hospital address, not once, not twice.... but THREE DIFFERENT TIMES. I no longer wanted to deal with these people, so I had my husband get the information from them over the phone. He later told me that he was transferred all morning like a ping pong ball. They also refused to call me by my preferred name because "by law" they had to use the name on the insurance card. I have worked in the medical field. That statement is false and also, my name isn't on the card. But anyway......   I finally got the right address after a sweet lady who called me from the hospital because I was running late. I was so frustrated and overwhelmed, that I started crying on the phone. Everyone at Scottsdale Healthcare Shea was simply amazing from the moment I set foot in there. I finally felt like someone cared about me. I was treated with kindness, empathy and most of all respect up until my doctor (Dr. Grade) showed up.... fashionably late of course. When she came in to meet me, she looked like she had just rolled out of bed. I'm not sure that she combed her hair that day. I tried telling her about my experience at her office and she started making excuses for her staff's behavior. She said, and I quote "Well you know.... it was a Friday." After she left the nurses even commented on how rude she was and I told them that I would never go back.   My husband and I will be trying again for a baby and we will not go to this doctor. They seem to be more worried about the facials, massages and Botox their office offers than the actual patients. I am no longer angry at them, and even debated on whether or not to write this extremely long review, but I wouldn't want anyone else experiencing this kind of treatment.
1 The front office gal is always exceptionally rude. She seems bothered to have to do anything or talk to anyone. I dread going to this office because it is so unwelcoming.
