1 HORRIBLE. 15 min late, called and informed them we were late and we were told to still come. Got there and we were told we had to reschedule. We are return CASH patients ... we are done ... will never go again... CORPORATE DENTISTY IS HORRIBLE ... go to a private practice.  We have had to wait much longer than 15 min for them everytime we have been there.
4 Very skilled, professional dentists who really care about kids. Been going to them for 7 years with my 4 girls.
4 Took my daughter here in July for her first dental exam. The staff were very warm, friendly, and above all PATIENT!   My daughter is extremely afraid of things that might "hurt and poke" - and since I remember what it was like as a kid to see those dental instruments for the first time I don't blame her.  The hygienists took their time and explained everything in terms my daughter could understand and made her feel as comfortable as possible. Even though we weren't able to complete a full exam/cleaning, they were courteous enough to offer a repeat visit a few weeks later and sent us home with some supplies to help her "practice" being at the dentist.   Fortunately during our second visit the dentist was able to complete more of the exam but my daughter was still showing tremendous reservations about the process so again they offered to schedule an appointment in the future. In addition to rescheduling, I appreciated that they offered me a variety of options for me to consider in order to make her own experience a more positive one.   From the front office staff to the technicians to the dentists themselves, everyone is very caring. The office is bright and cheerfully decorated in a surf/beach theme and has tv's/gaming consoles everywhere to keep the kiddos young and old entertained.  I wish they treated adults... who wouldn't want to watch cartoons or play video games during a dental visit?! Where's my token for a prize at the end of my cleaning?! :-)
5 I took my two daughters for their first time check up. The office has a really nice " beachy" decor, very well-suited for children. The staff were awesome in handling my daughters, from obtaining x-rays, cleaning and at the end of the session. I highly recommend this place.
1 If I could give them negative stars, I would.  Horrible office staff, rude, lying, and disrespectful.  Dentists treat your kids like it's a cattle farm: in and out the door, rush rush no time for questions.  Totally traumatized my 2 year old for his first checkup.  Avoid at all cost !
5 Loved this place!! Docs were amazing, the whole staff made my daughter feel very comfortable and at ease! She loved it and can't wait to go back.
