4 This Napa Auto parts store always has great service & reasonable prices.  There is a service center right next door who will help you do a bit of parking lot installation when you need it! They installed my windshield wipers for free, what a bunch of great people!  My dealer wanted $100.00!  This Napa is the place to go.
5 Overall great experience. Got the oil changed. Service was friendly pricing was better than expected and no more than what was quoted. I would recommend them to anyone.
5 LOVE these guys! They're always extremely helpful, reasonably priced and quick. Rusty (front-desk guy) is always a pleasure to work with.   Very honest too!  They had an opportunity to screw me for a couple hundred, but pointed out my problem was far simpler than expected.  Ended up costing me only $59.
5 Napa on Germann Rd in Queen Creek is my new GO TO place for repair.  I took my car in for new brakes.  They informed me I only needed back brakes and not front which saved me considerable bucks. Very friendly.  Called me to let me know the results of inspection and then again when job was finished.  Price was very fair.
1 They were friendly on the phone and fixed the car the same day, but I question their pricing practices.  I had to have a Clutch Master and Slave Cylinder replaced. When looking at the detail of the bill when I got home, the price for the part was almost $300, which seemed very high.  I looked up the price of the part with Napa Auto Parts and it was $200.99.  When I called them and said I found it on the Napa website for much less than he charged me, he said the internet pricing was below his wholesale price (I did confirm with him the part I was looking at was what they installed).  When I reminded him this was not an internet price but the counter price to any customer walking in, he changed his story and said that no one had the part in stock and that he had to get it from out of state.  (Since the repair only took 2 hours from the time I approved it and that he only had the vehicle for a total of 5 hours, I highly doubt the part was acquired from out of state.)  He also then explained how he needed to mark the part up to make money for the business and to cover a warranty that is already offered with the part itself if it was the Napa product he originally indicated was installed.  When I did more research, $172 was the next highest price I could find anywhere else at a brick and mortar store and most internet sites had it for $115. So the $200 price was already at a premium, which would have been fine since I needed the car fixed now and not days later when an internet ordered part arrived..   So, if you have repairs done, I would find out the price from Napa Auto Parts of the part they are using and compare it to what they say they are charging you before you approve repairs.  Needlesss to say, my hope in finding a local Queen Creek business that I can trust and use going forward for car repairs did not materialize.
1 I've always had good experiences with this NAPA but after this last experience I'm taking my business elsewhere. My wife took her car in for an oil change and they told her that she needs a new air filter and new rear brake pads. My wife contacted me and I told her to not have it done and I'll check it myself. Well, I checked the air filter later that day and it looked fine (of course) and then took the car to my buddy at Sun Devil Auto to check the brakes. He said they look perfectly fine and don't need replacing for awhile. This really irked me and NAPA won't be getting my business any longer.
