5 I LOVE this place!  The technicians are always sweet and pleasant.  The shop is clean and relaxing.  I have been coming here for the past year and they always go above and beyond!    I generally come for a pedicure, but sometimes an eyebrow wax and manicure as well.  Hot stones and great foot massages part of the basic pedicure package, and I always opt for the callus remover, because wearing flip flops 90% of the time...I need it!  Their chairs are also the best I've sat in!  A butt massage along with a back massage is a great way to unwind!  If you do choose to get waxed, I suggest you get the gentleman who does the waxing and not the female.  He has always done a wonderful job on my eyebrows...the female however, made me looked either suprised, or shocked, and I did not appreciate her adding such expression to my already expressive face!    Overall, this is my FAVORITE nail salon, and I would recommend it to anyone!
1 Where do I begin?  Let's just say that my visit to Star Nails and Wax was beyond horrible.  Upon being seated for my pedicure, I instantly overheard the cosmetologist make a snide comment about my feet.  Of course she wasn't remarking this in English, but rather in Vietnamese which I understand.  I did not let on that I spoke the language in order to see what other choice things that she had to say to me.  Needless to say, the rest of the visit continued on this negative note.  After soaking my feet, the technician then tried to use a dirty towel to dry them off.  At this point I should have gotten up and walked away, but I did not listen to my instincts.  I let them continue and am sorry that I did.  The completed product was not a pleasant sight.  In the store, the color they chose was a very light pink, however upon returning to my residence I noticed that the color was a very dark and unappealing shade.  I had to remove the color from my feet and repaint them myself.  Not only was the service poor but the end result was not worthy of the relatively high prices that they charge.  If you wish to come to an condescending and incompetent nail salon, feel free to check out Star Nails and Wax, but please leave any reasonable expectations at the door.
3 I was passing by and saw this place and decided to come in cause my toenail polish was jacked up and I had about an hour to burn. The place was very nice, but I didn't think they had a huge selection of nail polish to choose from and I didn't really the massage chair they gave. Overall, my pedicure was nice and so was the lady that did my nails. I think the price was good enough that I'd come back here the next time I'm too lazy to paint my own toenails.
2 I've been in Arizona for less than a year and I was looking for a place that I could get an under arm wax, so I used Yelp to find a place near me. Star Nails and Wax popped up about 2 blocks from me so I figured I'd give them a try since I still wasn't done unpacking my own supplies. (I'm a licensed Cosmetologist in the state of Colorado and Arizona.) I gave them a call to ask about their prices since they're not posted on their site. I spoke with a Gentlemen that quoted me $10 as their price for underarm wax. It was the same price as the skin institute, but this was closer so I took my chance. I went into the shop and it was busy, but not super busy. At first the ladies that were just standing around just looked at me and then when I stated what I was there for they approached and discussed amongst themselves who was going to complete my service. Once that was decided I followed the woman to one of the back rooms and had my underarms waxed. Then the down side to all of this came. Because of my previous phone call I was expecting to pay the $10 plus my tip. Tipping is never a problem for me since I am in the same business, but at the register my price was more than $10. With my tip and all it was $20. After that inconsistency I decided to not go there again and I went home and unpacked my supplies to touch up my underarms.
4 I finally found a place that does great pedicures and manicures.  The masque for feet is only $5.00 extra and OMG! It's an amazing cool-a-ped experience.  It's got some sort of mint or somethinig.  It feels hot then cold and it's the best way to relax whle on your feet all day! I always go to Cindy. She is nice, attentive and friendly.  She might give you a "freebie" service too. :)  I also got a mani by her and she did a great job.  She is careful and always smiles.  I have yet to get any acrylic full set as of yet. Im debating it. But If I do I will be sure to post a review!    No waxing for me.  I went hair laser removal crazy a few years back! NOW that is sooooooooo worth the money!
2 Had some time to burn and wanted to treat myself for a change, so decided to get a manicure that I'd been putting off for awhile. This place was close by... figured I'd check it out. I should have kept driving.  Walked in (decor was nice and pleasant) and was bombarded by a gentleman (who was busy with a client), asking what I wanted. I said manicure quite clearly, but evidently not clearly enough. Had to practically shout, while wiggling my fingers. I picked out a very pretty nail color (selection was decent) and went to the chair pointed out. The lady who worked on my nails spoke only a couple sentences of English, which is fine and not something I mind, unless one of them is, "You okay?". This was asked a multitude of times during my simple manicure (guess I had a pained expression the entire time...?). Paint and buff done, she shoved me over to the UV light station, reminding me a few times to sit there for 5 minutes. Brought my keys to me, but not my purse (not relaxing to sit with your back to the salon, not knowing where your things are, since she left to start another client session).  Paid $10 for my manicure, which surprised me into tipping generously, thinking I had gotten a great deal (aside from the uncomfortableness of the service). Good deal, until my fingernails started breaking and the paint started chipping almost immediately.   Won't be going back.
