1 Rip off scamsters!  Stay away!  I went here trying to use the $19.99 oil change plus tire rotation coupon.  They would not honor the coupon unless I got the tires rebalanced which cost another $20.   Besides being subjected to a classic bait and switch tactic, I was treated very rudely.  The employee was unprofessional in his tone and manner of speaking.  He talked down to me and his attitude was that they were doing ME a favor by staying in business and that I should buy whatever service they recommend.  I ended up walking out.    If you're looking for good honest service on your car, DON'T GO HERE.
1 I went there to see about a tire that had a slow leak.  The fellow informed me it would be $25 and firmly stated "if I can repair it". I thought that was too much and felt like the "If I can repair it was telling me I was about to buy a tire.  I declined and went to Big O Tires on Baseline.  They cheerfully repaired the tire.  It had a nail in it.  I went to pay them and guess what.  No charge today sir, just remember us next time you need service.
2 Somethings changed here. Management used to be excelent. Went in today just for an Oil change 19.99 imediately they added to the price for the filter. Never had that happen here before. We asked for fluid top off. Yet another charge. The Manager came back with an estimate of $800.00 (tires, alignment, brakes) WHOA!!!! We just put tires on not even a month ago. No problems with allignment or brakes except we needed a little fluid.  We declined and went to Auto Zone and wont be back. Another lady who was handicapped had to walk all the way across the parkinglot to go get her car and the Elderly man next to us was in for over $2000.00 charge for repairs that were not done and was told that they were still trying to fix the problem and this was for the time they took to find the problem. Pretty pathetic and we will stick with our 2nd oilchange spot. We wont be back. What a shame. The old crew was honest. We were Loyal meineke customers 3 1/2 yrs. Too bad they have truely lost our confidence and trust.
