2 This place puts the guilty in guilty pleasure. There will always be a special place in my heart for cheap, greasy chicken, but here the free sample is enough to remind me that there are better options. The noodles were gross, and the egg rolls seemed to have spent to much time in the fryer. The broccoli was OK, but not good enough to make me want to eat here again.
2 Ehh, the fried rice was alright I suppose, it was edible and the mixed vegetables were decent I suppose. Though the sesame chicken didn't have any Sesame's on it, in fact it looked like and tasted like general tso's chicken, so overall not happy. Quality of food is what can be expected at a food court so I feel I can't really hold it against them, but seriously, I should have just went to an actual restaurant.
5 This place Woks! ok sorry about the pun - won't happen again*. Since moving to the valley last summer, we've been on the lookout for a new "go-to" chinese place. We looked far and wide, but finally found this gem that is actually in woking distance (again, sorry) from our front door in Anthem. Aside from proximity, it is the perfect combination of great location, food, value and service. Location: Famous Wok is part of the Anthem Outlet stores food court and shares a common dining area with the other food vendors. You order at the counter and choose what you want in your combo (1, 2 or 3 entrees + fried rice or lo mein noodles) - in that respect it is a lot like panda express. Food: Unlike panda express, the food here is fresh and delicious. I will admit the orange chicken leaves something to be desired, however try the sesame or general Tso chicken, or the bourbon chicken (unusual considering the genre but nevertheless awesome!). It is hands down the best "comfort food" style Chinese we've found, and we have been to every other Americanized Chinese place (PF Changs, Shanghai Club, Tao Kitchen2, etc) in the north valley. The Value: Last time I was there, I got three kinds of chicken, lo mein noodles a side of cream cheese wontons, and my wife and daughter each got their own two entrée meals - the total? $23.00. And for that price, they LOADED us up with food. It was clear that not all three of my entrees were going to fit in the to go container, so the guy actually got another container and put the rest in there! Imagine Panda Express doing that? Nope, they will happily give your two pieces of chicken and call it a portion. We had leftovers for two days! You can't beat that value anywhere. If that weren't enough, they have a buy 10 get 1 free punch card. Service: If the food and value were not enough to get me to come back, this clinched it. The people working there are so nice. They guy happily hands out samples, even offering without being asked. The lady at the register was very friendly and everyone just seemed happy. I believe the restaurant is a franchise, but it is a small one (only about 33 nationwide, according to their web site), and the folks working here live right here in Anthem, so it felt good to support them.  *it will definitely happen again.
