5 I love snap because i was SO sick of meat-market gyms with zero workout help unless you want to be subjected to the high pressure sales tactics of Big Chain "trainers".  Snap has everything I need, nothing I don't need, and something I may consider (tanning).  It's small and personal, and open 24 hours- absolutely necessary for out family.  Jeremiah is my personal trainer and I used to think i was working out... I NEVER had a work out until I had one with him.  Now I train with him once a week.
1 When I signed up in the middle of April he said that with there promotion I did not have to pay for april. So i was charged $25 for the key card and $35 for the last month. Well on May 25th I wanted to cancel my membership and Jeremiah said that I still had to pay for June...EVEN THOUGH I ALREADY PAID FOR THE LAST MONTH WHEN I SIGNED UP!!! He wouldnt listen and didn't care, he wanted his extra $35. Because I was over arguing with and Snap Fitness is a privately owned company and corporate can't do anything about it ( I called the corporate and they basically said sorry he's wrong but nothing we can do), I just said forget and paid. It wasn't about the $35 because that was no big deal, it was about him stealing $35. So he won, but I wanted to make sure that everyone knows its a sketchy place and he will scam you.  May 17th- Payed $25 and $35 for key card and last month April 25th- Canceled my membership June 1st - Paid again even though I canceled July 1st- Finally took out my last months fee that I paid for in the beginning.
1 The good I joined this gym because it is close to my house, it is open 24 hours & it was month to month.   The bad When I first started going I noticed it was not a clean gym i.e.; trash cans overflowing, no towels or sanitizer to clean the equipment before and after use. The machines are low grade and faulty, I went from treadmill to treadmill to find one that functioned properly.  The ugly For the above listed reasons, I decided this was not the gym for me. When I joined I was told I had to pay 1st & last month up front, which was fine. I was also told that at anytime for any reason cancellation would be no problem. I called to cancel my membership with Jeremiah the one who signed me up. I was then informed I had to provide a 30 day written notice, which I did.  I was charged again the next month I was told I was paying for the final month even though I paid that up front. The final straw was being billed quadruple the monthly membership fee 2 1/2 months after cancellation.   I attempted to call Jeremiah for explanation, my call was not returned. I have initiated a fraud action against this place.   Look at there score on the Better Business Bureau they received a F rating. Beware if you are considering this place for your gym.
1 If I could give them 0 stars, I would.  I cancelled my membership with Snap because I moved.  I notified Jeremiah and he said my membership would be cancelled and that he needed me to bring by a written 30 day notice.  I did.  Ii was billed for 2 months payments soon thereafter.  Now, It has been a few months since then and I'm still getting billed by them.   I called and left Jeremiah him a message ... no response.    I called the corporate office and they said that they would reach out to the local franchise and someone would get back to me.  I asked how long that would take and they didn't have an answer.  Gag!
1 This gym is fine, until you want to cancel.  I've been trying to reach them for over 6 months, they don't answer their phone or emails making it impossible to cancel your membership.  The only way I got a hold of them was to put a stop payment so they couldn't charge me anymore, they contacted me a day later.    Funny how that works.
4 Have to love snap Gilbert I transferred from a snap in Minnesota and its been Great the staff when around are friendly its not crowded and its clean for a gym cant ask for much more.
