1 This place is horrible. In contact with the Atty General to go after them.  My 70+ year old parents went in with a coupon. Where told they needed a new AC compressor and other parts for a total over a $1000.00. That they could finance the repair.    Thank God I checked it out first.  They just needed a few dollars worth of freon. My parents went in with a coupon, thinking they were getting their car serviced. Instead they were in the den of these heartless wolves.  taking advantage of retired people. Playing on their worries and fears.  Do they need money so bad to steal from customers?   Boycott them.
1 Dishonest don't trust them or go there. Told my elderly parents they needed a new AC system. All they needed was a few dollars worth of freon.  Dishonest
2 Took 1.5 hours for an oil change, asked if it came with a tire rotation and they said yes, they said my car was ready and I asked if the tires were rotated and they said yes.  Left and went gas, looked down at my tires and noticed they didn't rotate them.  (I had different brand tires on the back then I did in the front).  so had to go back and it took them another 1/2 hour to rotate my tires.    When I went to pay they had some recommended maintenance things I should do, all the fluids flushed, transmission, brake  etc.  and my oil pan gasket had a leak which I knew about.   I said I just got my transmission fluid flushed 3 months ago, the guy said oh, well since your oil pan gasket is leaking they put that down as a recommendation.  Since they didn't try to upsell me too much I'll give them 2 starts but these oil changing shops really need to get their business together.  Then they run out and greet everyone that pulls up in a big truck.  car people...
5 My go to for car maintenance and repairs! They've had a lot of managers over the years but they have all been legit, to the point, and didn't hassle me one bit, especially being a girl. They are always willing to show you in person what needs to be fixed, which helped me trust their word. Great service and people!
