5 I have been going to Arizona Auto Care since about 2002 when I worked in the same complex. I have since worked all around the valley and moved out of state and back and I have always only taken my vehicles there for service! They are honest and professional and always take excellent care of my vehicles. Jeff is one of the owners and a Subaru master tech and has worked on countless Subaru's for me, friends and family! Jeff and team will give you honest and sound advice when fixing your car and not try to oversell you just to make up sales and quotas like the stealerships. Thanks again Jeff, Chris & guys at AZ Auto Care for years of great service and to many more!
4 Came here on a reference from fellow Yelper Taylor F. I called Greg and he quickly gave a run through of the cost and likely source of my problem (an "on" engine light). I needed to fix it quick so I could run my car through emissions and then update my registration. I was told there was a $90 charge for running a diagnostic to find the area where the problem is (this system does not tell what the exact problem is). This $90 was in no way a deposit toward further work (Greg was very clear about that).That seemed sort of steep just to hook my car up to a computer that kind of tells someone where to start looking for an issue, but what the eff do I know about cars? Not much, which was why I avoided dealing with this engine light issue for about ....oh, a year and a half (what?! I have a Honda!)  The business is only open 7-5 M-F, which presents a problem for any person with a job they use their car to get to and work pretty much those exact hours. When I mentioned that, Greg asked how closely I worked to their location and offered a drop off service. Since Taylor gave him such glowing reviews, I decided there was no need to call around for a better diagnostic charge: a $10-20 savings here wasn't much compared to knowing that going forward with any work on the car would be honest and reasonable. So I scheduled an appointment for Monday morning (it was a Friday early afternoon when I called).   Quickly and easily dropped my car off with Greg (who seemingly answers the phone, runs the counter and does the mechanic work??) He was great in person -- just normal and laid back. Never condescneding or sleazy-salesy (as, in my experience,  mechanics are wont to be toward women. Or maybe they're like that to everyone, but in any case, Greg was not). By mid-morning I had an answer: a leaky gas cap. He would order one and replace it same day and even offered to run it to emissions for me all by 3p. It would be $12 for the cap and the normal $27 for the emissions test. Amazing! (Due to the schedule of the person giving me a ride to pick up my car, I had to pick up before he could take it to emissions for me, boo, but good to know, would have been great to skip a trip down there myself.)  Got my car, and it wasn't for another week, when I would gas up again, that I noticed he also fixed a bent latch that made my gas tank door a bitch and a half to open and close. Yay, Greg! Thank you for being an honest and awesome mechanic and putting the ladies who feel awkward/wayward/out of place in this arena at ease. I will happily recommend this place to any friend.
5 This is a great, honest, capable mechanic shop that I would recommend to anyone. The place is run very well, they care about their customers, and stand by their work. As others have said greg is the best service writer you could get.  Also as others have mentioned if you have a subaru and cant afford the dealership this is the only place I would recommend taking it. In fact, in general when it comes to any newer or high end vehicle this is the only place I'd recommend. They also seem to be extra proficient in VW. Overall, best shop you could go to for your money.
5 Even though the shop is buried in a small industrial center, you will find AZ Auto Care well worth the hunt.  Finding an honest mechanical shop is no mean feat, but since my first visit (on the recommendation of a reconditioning manager) in 2010, I've been servicing 3 vehicles (2 BMW, 1 Land Rover) with Jeff and his team.  Good mechanics (I've spent some time on the shop floor), fair pricing, honest and accurate diagnosis, and outstanding service from Greg make this my favorite and only shop of choice in Phoenix.  The lobby aesthetics won't impress you (no feng shui here), but you will feel great doing business here.
5 We have been going to this place for years and have always had a positive experience.  (As positive as it gets when you need to get your car repaired).  I think we have been there about 5 times over the last 10 years or so.  I generally work on our family's cars unless it is too involved or I don't have time and then we call Arizona Auto Care.  They worked on our Acura Integra, then Chevy Tahoe, then Chevy Trailblazer and in each case helped us get back on the road.  The place is a little hard to find teh first time and pretty plain to look at, but I would rather not have my service fee pay for a nice fancy waiting room.
1 Read the reviews from the GarageFly site and decided to give Arizona Auto Care (AAC) a shot. My engine light was on and the vehicle was misfiring or sputtering when I tried to accelerate. Dropped off vehicle on 4/23/13 and service representative called and said the spark plugs and wire set had to be replaced. I had the spark plugs and wires replaced around the 100,000 mile mark and was told that the spark plugs and wires last 100,000 for my model. The mileage on my vehicle around that time was around 160,000. My bill was $471 (including a $93 diagnostic charge) to replace the spark plugs and wire set. I am no mechanic but I was told by one that the price was kind of steep. I told them to go ahead and change the spark plugs and wire set. The service manager called and told me that vehicle was running fine and the engine light was off. When I drove off the lot, the engine light came on and it was still sputtering. I called a week later and was told to bring the vehicle back for another diagnosis. I brought the vehicle back on 5/1/2013 and the driver dropped me off at my apartment. The day passed and I did not hear anything so I called AAC and was told that the driver had left and unless I had someone to drop me off, my vehicle would have to remain at the shop overnight. My main issue is not with having to spend a day without transportation or spending $471 to have my spark plugs and wire set changed. My issue is when I went to pick up my vehicle and the service manager says that the ignition coils and one fuel injector has to be replaced and the total charges would be $441 to have the work done. To make matters worse my vehicle ran even worse than it did before my initial visit. Rather than paying almost $1,000 for repairs, I decided to get a second estimate. By referral I took my vehicle to Tony's Auto Repair on 7th AVE and Broadway. I told him that I needed two ignition coils and one fuel injector replaced. He performed a free diagnosis and told me that the fuel injector was fine and the last mechanic to work on my vehicle had left it unplugged! He did also note that the two ignition coils had to be replaced. He did not like the wire set and replaced them with new ones. The charge for the entire new spark plug wire set was $25. The thing with Tony was that he was totally transparent. He showed me the new wires and the other parts that he replaced as he was actually doing the job. I have no idea what was actually done for repairs performed by AAC. I was charged $225 dollars by Tony's Repair Shop to have two ignition coils replaced and a new wire set that had just been replaced two weeks ago. My biggest regret is not knowing about Tony's Auto Repair sooner so I could have saved money. I am no expert when it comes to car repair and maintenance but I do know that there are two types of mechanics. Honest mechanics and those that are out there to get paid. I have been 100% honest about my experience. I have receipts to back up my statements. You be the judge!
