5 i don't think you can walk in lol but i love this company. nothing but rave reviews, great customer service great quality great prints. well worth the money
1 I agree with the previous person, I thought I followed the directions with regards to the size only to receive the item that fit on top but the bottom I would have to have been another 2 feet taller, the crotch came to my knees. I have been trying to get return directions since the 27th of Dec. Just today, Jan. 9th I received a reply after 3 phone calls (only reached answering machine) and 4 emails.  After reading their return policy, I'm keeping them and will look for another company to order from in the near future.
2 The product is okay but the customer service sucks.  I used the sizing chart, which at the time instructed you to measure from your shoulder to the floor and indicated that I should order a small.  I did and it was a few inches short.  I paid 19$ in shipping and when I called asking about an exchange they would not waive the shipping to get me the right size and I'm going to have to pay out of pocket to return the ones that don't fit.   I've ordered twice from this company but never again - waiving the shipping would have bee a small way to keep my business.
1 The sizing charts are not representative, the product isn't what it said it was, didn't at all look like the pictures from the web page and the customer service is terrible at best.
1 Their customer service is the worst, and their product is shoddy in a number of ways.   First of all, they don't make two lengths, so if you're not 5'9 you're screwed. I'm 5'4 and it's way too long in the torso, so the crotch is at my mid-thigh, which is uncomfortable. And the arms are too short for the thumb holes to be comfortable unless I hike everything up as far as possible, which makes no sense, because I do not have long arms. So anyone taller, for example tall enough to fit the torso (and thus has longer arms) wouldn't be able to use the thumb holes at all.  The real problem is that they have absolutely no interest in fixing their own mistakes. Less than two months after buying them (this JUST happened), the zipper broke off. I don't mean the plastic part attached to the zipper, but rather the entire metal zipper piece came off. I've never had that happen in my life. I emailed them about it, and they told me that I needed to send them pictures within five days or they wouldn't help me, but if I did they would send me a zipper head. I thought that they misunderstood what had broken (I thought they thought it was just the plastic part of the zipper), but no. They knew exactly what the problem was. They just don't care. I sent the pictures in the time frame they wanted, even though I have two jobs. They admitted that the merchandise was "defective" (their word), but told me they don't send replacements in that instance. What? Instead, they're sending a zipper head (the metal) and told me that I need to unstich the seam at the bottom of the zipper, fix it myself, and then resew the seam. They let me know that if there were metal prongs in the way (apparently they realized at some point how crappy that zipper junction was and added a cheap reinforcement on later models instead of fixing the problem) that I should pry them up and then retighten them with pliers. My favorite part is that this clearly happens often, because the woman who was (not) helping me said that she tried figuring out the sewing herself because was the one who gives out these instructions. Excuse me? If you know that the zipper comes off, fix the manufacturing problem. I even told her I can't sew, and she said that I should take it to a tailor and have them do it. What? Why should I pay to fix your error? It's ridiculous. I'm never buying from them again.  Oh my favorite part was that when I pointed out that I don't know how to sew and I have two jobs, they just reiterated a 30 day return policy (which clearly shouldn't apply to manufacturer defects), and gave me a coupon code for 15% which was ALREADY AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET. wtf.
1 You ruined my weekend!  Placed an order on a Thursday to get my onesie for an event the following Friday... 8 days later.  They took an entire week to process my order.  When I got the email saying the order had been processed, I called them up immediately.  They "overnighted" the package to me, but I still didn't get it in time.  I still don't have the product yet to even comment on, this is just based on customer service.  If you don't process orders until 5 business days later, say so on your website!  I would have ordered from someone who is reliable!  Not that I'm in need of adult onesies that much, but I'll certainly never order from Jumpin Jammerz again if I do find the need.
