4 Tried this place on a whim and loved it. It's different from other massage places, so you have to be open to it. The people who work here have very limited English skills, but that helps you just relax and not interact. The foot soak and reflexology massage was amazing. I left feeling totally relaxed. Ask for them to adjust the pressure if you like a deeper tissue massage.   Most importantly, you get the full time you request. Unlike Massage Envy that turns your hour massage into something closer to 35-40 mins, and while you should tip for good service, Coco's doesn't slap you in the face everywhere with "suggested tipping guidelines".  Overall, this is a great place, reasonably priced. If you prefer the pomp of massage spas, go get oiled up at massage envy or a resort. If you want to come out feeling like your muscles are relaxed, go to Coco's. It's not fancy, but it does the job.
3 A legitimate massage joint. You keep your clothes on for great massages that beat out other chain establishments at a fraction of the cost!  It's a very affordable place since an hour massage only costs 25$ as of this writing.  With a 5 dollar tip, that's 30 out-the-door.  Usually 60+ at most other massage places.  The people actually have massage therapy licenses and they're hanging on the wall to the left as you enter.    I've been coming here weekly for the past two months and it's been really good.  The only reason I did a minus two on the stars is because last time I was here, I drifted off... Only to wake up and find the masseuse also half-asleep and barely moving his hands.  When I slightly moved my body to act as if I was waking up, he went back into full force.    I guess I don't really feel it or enjoy it if I'm asleep but I don't think that makes it right for him to not massage if I've drifted off...  I guess my advice is for you to not fall asleep?
4 Went today on recommendation from a friend, spent $50 for a 90 minute massage. It was great. Jaycee was polite friendly and worked her tall off doing it right. She definitely tired towards the end but kept on going.  I will go see her again. It was a little unusual as the room had three tables and when I arrived someone was on another one. I was a bit taken aback but once I got over stripping in front of someone who wasn't even looking it was cake.  There is a $1 charge for credit our debit usage.
1 This place is a joke. I remember when it opened and they were so accommodating. I used to live around here but now I dont live close. So I don't go often.   I walked in today and was on the phone.  I told the person I had to go because I didn't want to disturb the other people. Coco said "it's okay there's no one here". She asked how long did I want. Then before I could answer she said do you have an appointment?  I told her no. She said "oh we're busy, sorry, do you want to make and appointment?" I told her "no, I don't live around her and I won't come back here ever again!" I am so pissed. What kind of company turns away customers. If you are so busy then at least put a sign up saying you are accepting appointments only instead of having customers think you accept walk ins.  Worst customer service ever.
2 This is my second review for my second trip here. The massage was Amazing! I was really irritated that they felt it was appropriate the tell me I didn't tip enough and pretty much bc of language barrier forced me to tip more. The massage was 50 and I gave 10 cash, that's 20% but they wanted 15 bucks, that's 30% for a tip. I think that is uncalled for, a tip is a tip it shouldn't be mandatory but based on service.  I think 20% for good service is fair.
5 My first review of a massage place, because it's that good.  And I've been to about 2 dozen worth in the Los Angeles area.  One of the best massages I've had, and I get massages, at minimum, monthly.  Lili was awesome.  Tipped her 50% because it was that amazing.  In town for Spring Training, only wish this place was in Los Angeles/Orange County area.
1 Made an appointment at the Dysart location. Went in, and a man who barely spoke English told me I had booked it at their other location on Indian School Rd. (I know EXACTLY which location I called. He would not listen to me at all). I really wanted a good massage and was in dire need, so I humored him and hoped for a better experience at the other place. Much to my dismay, I walked into the front, tiny, odd looking lobby and it was empty (no receptionist at front to greet me). I knew this was going to be awkward and weird again. A lady comes out, also doesn't speak English barely. I tell her the other location sent me here, claiming I had made the appointment for the wrong place. She starts asking me if I received a call from them. No I did not receive a call from them. She keeps arguing with me. About nothing. I told her nevermind, I'm not interested. And walked out. She FOLLOWED me out, chased me to my car. I told my boyfriend to hurry up and open the car (he was moving way too slow) and she is screaming at me, asking why am I leaving, demanding I come back inside. WTF????????
1 Massage was amazing..... I was happy after the massage then walked up to the front to pay, not only the guy charged my 90 min / $45 wrong, I was forced to pay the tip between $12-17 dollars.  He charged my card $46, I don't know if it was by mistake or not, but to be forced to pay 30% tip was not a pleasant feeling after my massage. I will not recommend this place.  Tip amount should be up to the customer based on the quality of the service (10-15% is reasonable) not a mandatory 30% + percentage by the store.
