1 I would not give this place any stars. They suck. They try to rip you off by posting one price and then adding on fees and BS. The guy I dealt was pushy and had no freakin courtesy. I would not ever buy anything from them no matter how good the deal seems. I hope the owner of Ride Now sees this.
1 These guys talk a good game, but they are bait and switch shysters. Ridenow Chandler is just as bad! They tell you a price for service to get you in, and then they forget to mention that the quoted price does not include oil, filter, etc! Who quotes an oil change and tells you later, oh I should have been clear, the price was only labor. The extra I paid is nothing compared to the amount these crooks lost in future business from me. Stay away--go to Iron city in Phoenix.
1 What a joke this place is - Ordered and paid for a battery for my quad Sept 3rd. Was told would have it the 4th and they would call me. No call. I called on the 5th and they said would definitely have it on the 6th, still no battery. Called me today to tell me they might have it on the 10th. When I told them to cancel order they said would need my credit card again. Not a chance, told them I would just charge back the card.  Parts manager called me acting like an arrogant douche and told me I was ignorant. What a joke.  DO NOT DO BUSINESS HERE, THESE GUYS ARE A RIP-OFF AND TOTAL JOKE.
2 Update - After speaking to someone at the Corporate office I was able to pick up a battery the next day and it is working great.  I am updating to two stars due to the service and prompt attention received from Corporate.  I may try another Ridenow franchise in the future but would not return to the Apache Junction location again.
5 Owner Dominic is a great person, down to earth fellow.  Although I was there to purchase at this point, he provided great insight and information into what I was planning on getting.  When the time comes I will go here to purchase because of the great customer service i received from Dominic.  Great guy!  If you have trouble speak with him and he will make it right.
1 Worst company! Worst store manager Dominic. Took my machine in for the same problem 2 times in 2 months and they keep telling me it's my fault. Finally is broke on them during there test drive (times now same issue). Now they are thinking it is something else.  Not willing to make it right either. Beware! None of the other Ridenow's are any better.
