5 Love the protein shakes. I often get them after my workout or my hubby will go and get me one for my lunch.  Friendly staff, helpful if you want help choosing a protein powder to take home.  I think they have a couple public computers people can use and there may be free wi-fi; I don't usually stick around that long. They are also on Facebook.
5 I love this place.  Since I'm trying to get Shred Flintstone this year, I find myself in here for a delicious post-workout smoothie.  Get that joint with almond milk because consumption of unnecessary dairy may cause bloating and stomach discomfort.    I went here on a Saturday during Onestopananza and met IFBB pro bodybuilder Marcus Haley, he recommended some Met-RX CLA to help burn fat and build lean muscle.  I took his advice because I'm ready to look Andrew Diced Clay, totally Flex Luthor, brah.  Plenty of products for peeps trying to lose weight, supplement their diets, or get Ripped Van Winkle.  The prices are a little higher than if you were to shop on-line, but you get knowledgeable staff who will help you narrow down what you're looking for and not continue to try to up-sell you like other chains.  There's always a clearance table you can stock up on vitamins or 'last on the shelf' items.  The smoothie punch card will get your tenth smoothie free, and the employees don't seem to have a problem combining cards if you forget yours like I do.
1 I have been going to one stop for about 9 months, and I spend over a 100 dollars a month at this location. Going to one stop is already inconvenient but I go to spend my money with a local company and not a big chain. Unfortunately for me they showed me why I should spend my money at a big chain. I bought a protein powder that was suggested to me by the associate and after trying one drink I decided it wasnt for me as it tasted horrible. I took it back and asked to trade it out for something else and was told no. I was told for 14 years that its their policy and that was it. I would be ok with that but I know the GNC and Hi Healths of the world would take it back with no questions asked. So my advice is to avoid this place as customer service is not their focus, and if thats the case why go. You should go to the convenient and cheaper places like gnc or hi health. Its truly a shame when situations like this arise and you can either be a great company or a poor one. This company chose to be poor.
