5 I brought in a rim mounted with an old tire and a new tire I had bought online. Ten minutes and twenty bucks later, I was on my way.  These guys are sharp, quick, inexpensive and courteous. Finding this combination in the powersports industry is so rare that most consider it impossible.  They also sell tires and will do a full tire change without your needing to remove the wheels--at an extra charge. This is one of the few shops I would trust to do that for me.
5 These guys rock. I ride a Scooter and it is almost impossible to get anyone with experience to change the tires, but after calling Danny he quoted out a fair price for new tires and told me to swing by when I had time.  Like other reviews say the shop is smaller, but I always found these type of shops have the best service and expertise because the owners are typically the ones working on your rig.   Scooters are notoriously difficult at times because I believe some of the manufacturing is a bit ,lets say, lower quality then on a 12k bike, and Danny did run into some trouble with the muffler. He is a trooper and got everything lined up, attached, balanced and changed.   These guys are real pro's and I would absolutely recommend them to anyone with a bike and will be back with other rides when tires are needed.
5 great service at a reosanable price I'll be back again. and by the way to the pissed off clown over the ten bucks how much is your life worth? I sure won't let Julio replace my tires!
5 Great place, very competent staff, and fast service.  I needed new tires for my Triumph Street Triple so got a hold of Danny on several positive recommendations from other riders I trust. He suggested some tires for me based on my stated needs and told me to come down any time.  When I showed up, he was finishing with some other customers. I only had to wait a few minutes and Danny was working on my bike. It didn't take long at all. He finished the job, took the bike for a spin around the parking lot to test the installation, and then we settled up.  Very happy with the price, friendliness, and speed of service.
5 Excellent motorcycle tire shop, great service.
5 See Danny at Mototire for your motorcycle tires. He put new tires on my '97 Road King and when he encountered problems with the front wheel locking up, he took the time to troubleshoot the problem. I ended up needing new brake pads, which he installed for me. I just walked across the street to RamJet's and bought them. Danny spent an extra 2 hours trying to figure out the issues with my bike, and did NOT charge me that time in labor.   Customer service is what its all about at Mototire. In this day and age, we are becoming more accustomed to being treated disrespectfully and charged ridiculous prices for everything. If you want honest prices, excellent work, and stellar service go see Danny at Mototire! I won't bring my bike anywhere else for tires!
5 Awesome!  They change tires in 30 min or less xlnt selection reasonable prices these guys are pro's.  You WANT to give them your biz!
5 Ordered the tire yesterday, which no one seemed to have and Danny called this morning that he had it in. I stopped by with the wheel and he had it mounted and balanced before I had paid for it. Very fast and friendly service. I recommend them whole heartedly. Fast, friendly and fair prices. Definitely worth it.
5 Friendly guys with great prices!  We do our own service and they have no problem selling us what we need to get the job done...and still check the air for you if you roll in unannounced.
5 I signed up at yelp just to post a review of this motorcycle tire shop. Yes, just motorcycle tires. And he is good at it!    AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME!    Great Prices!!!  -- Although I was ready to spend $$$, he was honest enough to tell the truth and saved me $$! The original price I was quoted was great! But then when he told me the problem was going to be less costly, WOW!  FAST - the phone would not stop ringing. The power company shut off the power for repair. When I showed up. He got right to my bike. And while juggling the cordless phone, talking to APS, answering ALL my questions. He got the job done FAST!!!!!!  HONEST!!!  --  I rolled up with a flat rear tire ready to spend around $300. He tells me that the front tire looks low too. I think to myself, "typical up-sell". I wait for the, "you might need 2 tires." Never came. Not only did he NOT try and sell me a front tire that I DIDN'T need (just needed some air - which he filled), but he also found out that it was only the stem of the rear tire. Didn't even need a rear tire. By being HONEST, he saved me over $200. I was more than willing and ready to pay what ever he said was needed. I told him that too. He said, all you need is air in the front tire, already did that. And the rear tire just needed a stem. Of course I tipped him more than what he was asking for!  Customer Service  -- Answered all my questions  -- NO  BS!  --  Straight answers! Not a "Mr. Know it all"! If he doesn't know the answers, he will tell you. Great Customer Service!!!   AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME! AWESOME!
5 AWESOME!  Love these guys! Fast, friendly, professional and don't gouge you!  Had a couple of tires repaired on my motorcycle in the past 8 months and they performed beautifully.  I highly recommend them. Ask for Danny or Eric.
5 Needed a rear tire for my CBR250R after it ate a screw. I called and was offered a competitive quote compared to other shops in the area. When I arrived, I was promptly served and after an initial inspection of my tire was given the option to repair though Danny, the service tech, did not recommend the repair and for my own safety, I was set on replacing. I just thought it was cool that he gave me all my options without even asking for them.  Danny was extremely fast during the repair process, while also being friendly and answering questions. You could tell he also had a strong attention to detail, especially when doing the balancing. Finally, he also helped with loading an unloading from the pickup truck.  TL;DR fast, honest, above-and-beyond service.
5 Fast service and friendly.  Prices are very good.  Will be returning to get my back tire soon.
