5 Perfect Capp... Not too hot.. Not too dry... & I like alot of espresso... Done! Friendly service:-) IM a complete sucker for a great coffee bar.. since I fell in love with coffee in the capital of java.. Seattle..:-)
5 PROTIP: Compliment and be interested in my weird hair and you will get cool points.   Super-friendly barista, small setting littered with ASU-West students cramming for.. something.  I'm not drinking coffee anymore so I don't jazz the little fetus in my belly, so I opted for a mint tea. The tea sachet is sewn and held in a cheesecloth kind of thing and it was really fantastic! I'll go back soon.
5 Awesome coffee! Great friendly Manager and staff! Indoor and outdoor seating with great delectable delights! Love the art paintings too!!!
4 I enjoy going to the Matador. The staff is really nice and fun to talk to and the coffee is great! In addition there is free wi-fi!  The only downside is their hours. I came there to do some homework last week and it looks like they are closing at 5pm which is a huge bummer! If they stayed open later that would be awesome!
5 Came in a few times and had the breakfast burrito. YUM!  Also got a chai latte... also very yummy.  Their wifi is free and very fast.  Employees are very friendly and personable.  They all seem like they love there job which makes the atmosphere more enjoyable.  I'm new in town and have found my new trusty coffee shop :)
4 Absolutely love this place!  it's my Sunday morning caffeine stop on my way to work those overtime hours.   I always go with a drip coffee with cream and I'm never disappointed.    Plus, every size cup is the same price!  doesn't get much better!    Local art on the walls and just a relaxed, funky vibe...I really hope to have a Sunday morning just to sit & relax for a while.
4 After moving where a Starbucks isn't in walking distance, we found Matador's Coffee that is close enough for a Sunday stroll. It's nice and cozy and had a lot of things to choose from for breakfast, brunch or lunch! I've been trying out different iced lattes and coffees and all have been great! The sandwiches are made after you order so nothing is just put in a microwave. The pasta salad is great, too!! My husband ordered it once and I ended up devouring it. Nice sized portions. Has both indoor and outdoor seating, which is great because I don't like to leave my little pooch at home!
5 First, it is great to see a local company  roasting their own beans on-site!  The smell is intoxicating.  This little family run, locally owned business puts out some really great coffee and some enticing coffee drinks.  They run great specials and if you friend them on Facebook you can learn about all types of little specials they run.  To top it all off, the owner's father bakes many of their muffins, breads and other treats.     Ok, wait, it gets better. Matador opened up last night as a wine bar too!! A few of us attended to celebrate my Canadian friend's green card, finally!  But that's another story.  Matador is the perfect coffee&wine bar because it is cozy and personal. We had the sangria which was really great. Not -too-sweet, crisp, tasty and full of fruit!    I looked over the wine menu and it looks like they really took their time in selecting some nice wines and some great beers to feature.  They have  a small appetizer type menu with dips and bruschetta.  We did not order food but in observing the other tables the food looked great.    I will be back to sample some of the wines and an app or two and,  as always, I will be in for my fresh roasted coffee!
5 The best coffee I have ever had ! I recomend the Sumatran if you like the rich dark coffee but my very fav was the Brazillian.  Now they have sangria and some other drinks in the evenings , the food is great,very friendly staff and patio with heat makes for a nice cozy place for a date.
4 Yeah, these guys know their coffee! Tucked away in this little obscure strip mall about a stone's throw from my house. I had avoided going there because they used to put this mannequin matador out in front of their place. It was sun damaged, kinda creepy and just BAD in so many ways. I know, I shouldn't be such a branding/marketing snob but it was just creepy, I'm serious!  That said, they have since removed said matador and we decided to give it a try. Yes, we should have gone way before!! Exceptional coffee and an awesome omelette later, I was completely kicking myself for not trying it sooner.
4 Stickin' it to the man one cup at a time! If you think Starbucks is the only place for coffee then try this out. You'll soon learn how corporate America has been abusing your taste-buds.  Come find out what happens when you set aside the Profit and Loss sheets, the same store growth over last year charts, and the general ledger and see what happens when you start to care about the beans, the people and the community.  They have lunch food and alcohol (wines and beer) too.
4 I'm no Starbucks basher.  Starbucks has great coffee.  That's why they're successful.  I frequent many coffee shops and the awful truth is most don't have a cup of coffee that is better then Pike's Place, Komodo Dragon or Casi Cielo.  Having said that, Matador Coffee is the best coffee you will ever drink.  100%  I'm not talking lattes or frappa-whattas.  I don't drink those.  I drink black coffee, a lot of black coffee, from a lot of different places.  Every cup I've had from Matador is the best I've ever had, if that makes sense.  Recently, the 'theme' of the place changed and it is more wine bar then coffee bar.  I'm just not as comfortable hanging out here, as I used to be.  If I could give half a star, this place would be 3 & 1/2 but I'm rounding up, in this case.   Stop by.  Maybe not to hang out but to pick up a lb. or two, for home.
1 Drip coffee is pretty good, but of the several visits I have yet to get anything near a decent espresso drink. For example, the small americano has a single shot and then water. The extra large (Why is there an extra large?) has a single shot then water.
4 They changed the decor and seating a bit, again.  More comfy.  I dig it.
4 They actually roast their own beans which is rare in Phoenix.  Good, flavorful coffee here and polite staff too.  Good parking for the location and they have plenty of seating after they made some interior changes.  Nice place.
4 I popped into Matador yesterday afternoon (a bit after lunch time) for a pick-me-up.  I just love this neighborhood gem.  There's a nice comfy vibe and the staff is welcoming and accommodating.  They patiently fielded my questions about available sugar-free syrup options and happily indulged my request for a combination of syrups for my iced latte.  It was fantastic!
4 Underrated...this seems to be a theme for me lately.  These guys are solid.  I am doing all I can to support local business.  And not just any local business will cut it with me.  I will try you once but you better have your game face on and these guys do.  Quality Coffee and the Food is a lot better than you may think.  Especially for the price.  I got a huge Breakfast Burrito (on a real plate) for $3.50 what??  It is easy to just drive by and go to a Starbucks but we as a city need to go out and try local places.  It does a lot more for the community than you know.  And they are great so do it.    Life is short...stop and smell the coffee.  I just handed them their new t-shirt. P.S. I am a Starbucks guy but am slowly changing my ways I will miss the drive-thru service.
5 Amazing place that supports local businesses.... fantastic coffee ++, great Happy Hour.... this place should be everyones local hang out....
5 I've been "living" out of this coffee shop since it opened, so this review is long overdue.  Matador has the best coffee in the country-- hands down.  I honestly can't drink anything else.  When I travel, my wife & I always pack along a couple of pounds of Matador coffee.  (We have back-up Matador coffee stashed at both of our in-laws' houses, too)!  Ususally, I buy/drink the Espresso Roast, or the French.  However, the Mocha Java is the best-- ever!  In the shop, I'll get Americanos or Lattes.  The Americanos are always made just right.  Y'know...  with that slight frothy top-layer. This is a family-owned business with a long-lineage of coffee roasting and cafe operation.  They know what they are doing.  Everyone who works here is great too--  knowledgable, friendly, & fast baristas.  Great environment.  The shop is decorated w/ vintage matador/spanish bullfighting posters and old italian renaissance paintings.  Great music always on their soundsystem -always changes depending on the barista - but it usually varies between, jazz (big band, crooners, beebop), underground garage rock, indie, electronica & downtempo, 90s and new wave.  Cool, friendly diverse crowd always here--  families, college kids, hipsters, business ppl laptopping, artists, people on dates, etc.  The evenings here are great too.  They transform the space into a wine cafe w/ "afterhours" specialty coffee drinks (like the Mafia Hit - scotch & amaretto in a cappucino) + an evening menu of various apps and hummus platters.  They dim the lights and all the tables are candlelit, btw.  Makes for a nice vibe- think old italian cafe.  Great spot for the wife & I to bike/beachcruise to and grab a glass of wine in the evenings.  PS- they distribute their coffee to many other establishments around town.
5 This place is AWESOME! I'm not a coffee fan, but my husband is so I thought we would try it... turns out they are amazing. No white coffee this week but she said she would send us a message when they got some in, which is awesome. Like I said, I'm not a coffee fan, but there was a shop back in my hometown that made a fruity drink for me and I described it to the girls behind the counter and they made me one... it was as good as, or better than, the ones that I used to get. Yum yum yum! I'll be going back... consistently and constantly!
5 I buy the fresh today whole bean coffee every few weeks for home. only thing I would change is the opening hours. The place just doesn't open up early enough for me to get breakfast and get to work on time.
5 Awesome environment, fresh coffee and an excellent breakfast burrito. and all-around winner!  Only a mile from my house. A definate regular for us. Great to see such high quality coffee in Phoenix
5 This is great local coffee! I tried from Whole Foods, Casa Blend, and it was very fresh really delicious.  Much smoother than many other popular roasters in the Valley.
4 This is a nice little find in the north valley. I moved from Arcadia in the last year and was sad to leave my favorite local coffee shops behind. But I will be coming back to this place. The espresso is pretty good. A rather unique taste. Sort of reminds me of Urban Bean but a little better. They also serve beer at night which I thought was a nice touch. IF you are in the area and need a pick me up, this is your place.
1 Went here recently with a lady-friend.  I've been dying to take her here and our vacation gave us the opportunity.  She doesn't drink coffee and when she asked what the "barista" recommended that didn't have coffee in it he rudely said, "Go to Starbucks down the street."  Despite my natural instinct to choke him, I quietly ordered a coffee as to not start my  vacation badly.  My lady and I went outside to have our drinks.  The "barista" left his post and sat outside too, with his friends.  They went on to heckle and by heckle I mean shout loudly, at the ladies entering the tanning salon a few suites over.  They were shouting, "CANCER!", "SUN IS FREE, STUPID!" and such.  Hey, employee at Matador.  They know, they don't care.  Shut up.  I'm pretty sure that shouting at potential customers makes you the stupid one.  Oh, yeah.  The coffee was a shadow of what it was and the chai latte my girlfriend got was awful.  Never coming to this place again.  Man, I miss Mario and co.
5 This place is AWESOME!  I was yelpin for a place nearby me with free wifi and coffee so i could get my morning fix on.  Matador came up first and had great reviews so i gave it a shot.  I am sitting inside right now on one of their big fluffly chairs comfortably working on their free fast wifi, sipping their AMAZINGLY good coffee and enjoying every moment of it.  The people behind the counters are super cool and friendly and seem to know every person that walks in here.  This is a very cool local coffee spot.  And my god.. i never want to go back to starbucks again...their coffee is top notch.  Love it. Thanks Matador! You rocked my socks this morning. I will definitely be back...how's tomorrow sound?
5 We still frequent the Matador when we get to that part of town, and they are STILL amazing. Sarah, I believe is the owner of the place, and she is always working hard, and always remembers us. Still love them, have never ever had a bad experience with any of the staff or any of our drinks or food. YUM!
4 Good coffee good location, but not a place I'd want to hang out. It's not that inviting to me for some reason. That said, I do really enjoy their coffee!
5 Easily best place in North Phoenix for coffee. I always get a soy vanilla iced latte and it's always perfect. Prices are pretty average for a coffee shop. Also, if you're hungry for lunch grab a grilled cheese with green chiles, onions & siracha. One of the baristas recommended it to me and it was so messy and delicious! Only problem I had was connecting to the wifi but easily could have been my kindle. Right across from PVCC so great for any college students needing to get work done. Highly recommend it to everybody!
5 Matador is my go-to coffee shop when I'm anywhere near the area and I even go out of my way to buy their beans for brewing at home. When I buy beans there, I always get two pounds, one ground in the shop for making toddy at home and one whole bean for grinding right before I brew it in my Moccamaster.  I love the Peruvian brand the most, but also enjoy the Mocha Java and Guatemalan..but really, I'll take whatever they have in stock, it's all fantastic and fresh. They give you a free coffee with the purchase of beans, and I opt for their cold brew (which is the only slightly weak point for me- it could be stronger but that's prob just me because it's the same level everywhere I go).   The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about their coffee, which is a major plus for me. The one barista (and I feel terrible for blanking on her name right now) remembered me after I hadn't been in for almost a year (I was pregnant and to my horror I couldn't even stand the slightest whiff of coffee..not that I would have drank any but I couldn't even go into a cafe for an herbal tea without feeling nauseated!) She asked me specific details about conversations we had had months and months before-completely winning my loyalty to the shop that employs her!  I chose my eye doctor and chiropractor based on their proximity to Matador, that's how much I love this place!
4 I am on this recent mission to find the best place near me to get fresh and delicious coffee and I really enjoyed the place. I ordered a cappuccino and it was very good and did not require any added sweetener. The barista even asked me my preference (heavy or light) which I appreciated because I always forget to mention that I like a lot of foam. I also ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with pasta salad and it was good. The bread was nice and crispy and they used good cheese. It was a comfortable place to spend some time.
5 This place is amazing. Coffee is fresh, the food tastes great and the staff is super friendly. The owner Sarah is one of the kindest people I've ever met. Definitely will be back as much as I can! Would give more than 5 stars if I could!!!
5 I have never received a cup of coffee I didn't love from this place! And their breakfast burrito is likely the best in town! The staff is also very friendly and down to earth. Great food, great service! The atmosphere is really unique and welcoming, and always great tunes playing. Zero complaints from thia gal!
5 This place is phenomenal. The coffee, chai frappuccino, and iced black tea are delicious! I've never had black tea like this.  Don't get me started on the milieu, it's wonderful. I don't know what station these guys play, but  with as much rotation as The Smiths, The Cure, Depeche Mode, New Order and Soft Cell get, I would be there every day if I could.  The decor is great as well. Pretty and dark, to complement the music maybe.
5 I by almost all my coffee for my drip machine (yes, my automatic drip coffee maker...get over yourself) from here.  Mainly because they are close by  They roast their own coffee and have some excellent roasts.  My favorite so far is the Peruvian.  But there are still so many to try.  Their roasts are constantly changing, which can be annoying when you find something you like and next time it's gone.    The people here are super friendly (both employees and guests).  The crowd is mostly 20-somethings (PVCC is right across the street), but I've never felt "the old man" when I'm in here.  They are not as specialized as Cartel Coffee, but offer great coffee and comfortable environment and a very pleasant experience.
2 Neat coffee shop in north east Phoenix. Good seating area with tables, chairs, sofa and lazy chairs. My first visit was for a cup of coffee. The home made coffee brew was prepared. I handed my debit card for payment and was hit by ten cents fee for using my debit card for a bill under ten dollars. The debit card fee was not stated when i ordered and there was no visible signage. The coffee was great but the ten cents extra charge for using my debit card made my visit short. My search is on for another locally owned coffee shop without the ten cents debit card fee aka coffee tax.
5 Excellent coffee shop. I'm a particular fan of the Caramel Mocha, as well as the fantastic breakfast burrito. Great ambiance, extremely friendly people, and always good music being played, whether it's live or recorded. Check out the open mic night on Thursdays and the various artists they feature on many Fridays. My favorite coffee shop in the area, bar none!
5 Yelp you never cease to amaze me!  Found this place on yelp, obviously :). Walked in to find a cozy yet sophisticated atmosphere and walked up to the Barrista who was behind a bar with some comfy stools. The only downside to the place is that the menu is a little hard to read. I ordered the equivalent of a mocha frappe and it simply soo savory! Just the right blend of coffee and creamy goodness. ...this place has personality and I will definitely be back to chill with a bev in hand
4 My wife and I started going here before Christmas almost every weekend.  They usually have something going on like photographers, massage therapists, and they even had a Santa Claus for kids around Christmas time.  They have great breakfast sandwiches, smoothies, and coffee of course,  It's a great neighborhood spot!
5 Love this place. Great service & vibe. Stopped in for a beverage while my daughter was at soccer. Just wanted a large black coffee with a shot of hazelnut. Barista asked me how dark I like my roast, and I told him I like it light. He said they only had dark roast brewed so he walked me through some light roast options and brewed me a fresh cup (and then a free refill). Super friendly. If you like indie & new wave 80's & 90's tunes (yup, that's me), this is a great place to chill with a delicious beverage. At least on a Tuesday at 5:00 p.m.
5 Really great coffee and even has an awesome vibe for simply hanging out. It is always fun finding a new coffee shop to go to especially one that is locally owned and even does its own roasting. Definitely worth a visit!
4 Bought a pound (or about) of coffee beans here.   The coffee was good. Made ice-coffee out of it. (The real way..cold-brew)  I will be back to get another bag of coffee from them.
5 I've been on the hunt for a nice coffee spot and this is a really great spot. I've had the iced Americano and Soy Latte a couple times, and they've both become a staple.   There was plenty of space to work or sit, and the artwork on the walls interesting. A nice spot to come back to.
5 My favorite coffee shop! Ambiance is ok, but coffee is great!!!! White chocolate raspberry soy iced latte, yummmmmm.
5 What a marvelous coffeehouse! The best iced mocha I have ever had, great eclectic music, delicious food, and friendly servers .... they've always been happy to share their favorites and give tasters of the daily brews, which are usually roasted on-site and change regularly. I love the El Toro for breakfast and the herbed chicken sammie for lunch, but I have never had anything not scrumptious. I have spent an afternoons reading and working on my computer (good free wifi), and never felt pressure to leave or consume more delicious things. Although the happy hour specials (buy 1 frozen drink, get 50% off the second, 2-4pm) make it easy to indulge! They recently added an entire bookcase of looseleaf teas, in addition to a great selection of roasted beans. Stop by for a great drink and all the things a coffee house should be.
5 This is seriously some of the best coffee in the valley. The beans are roasted in house. To be fair, I'm trying to lose weight these days and mostly order the brew coffee. The one time I ordered a latte, it was excellent. I have been with others who've ordered a variety of things and they all seem to like the food too.  The atmosphere is good too, lots of room to sit and very comfortable.
4 I wish this place was on my way to work so I can stop more often!   I ordered a 16oz toddy and it was very good. Seems like their ratio of coffee-water may have more water in it than other places, regardless the flavor was great. The barista was very nice.  The atmosphere is nice. There was a table of people playing some sort of card game and some other people hanging out on their laptops. I had two different people stop me and talk to me and were very friendly, safe to say it's a friendly environment.   Excited to try this place again!
1 My husband and I watched an employee scoop ice into a cup, and then throw the scoop, handle and all, back into the ice. As someone who got a life threatening kidney infection by way of eColi....I'll pass. Basic sanitary standards, people. I will never be back, your tea isn't worth me dying.
5 I love this place!  I like their coffee a lot, like that they roast it locally, and the customer service is awesome.  The employees generally seem really happy to work there, and like getting to know their customers.  I like the little things they do as well, like having a punch card and not making you use it only for the cheapest drink.  Keep in mind that this is a local coffee joint, not Starbucks.  Each barista adds his or her own touch to the drinks and the ambiance, and lines don't move quite as quickly as a big rig coffee place.  Plan for that and you won't regret it.  Matador does everything to show how much they appreciate their customers and makes every effort to keep them happy, and it shows.  Every time I've been in there I've seen other regulars.  I've taken drinks to coworkers and friends and it's always been a step up from whatever their regular drink source is.
4 What a great atmosphere with great coffee and great food.  My wife and I shared One of their breakfast burritos.  It was fantastic!  You could tell all of the ingredients were fresh.  I had a mud clod to drink.  A mix of white and dark chocolate perfectly balanced at the perfect drinking temperature. The shop was clean and comfortable with several different seating options.  The staff is great, taking time to interact with each of their guests.  This is by far one of my favorite coffee shops in the Valley.
5 Definitely one of my favorite coffee shops around town! Awesome coffee and they always have a great variety of music playing, which is a huge plus for me.
5 best iced tea ever.... iced toddy is wonderful. food is good and reasonably priced.
5 Hands down the best coffee around!  I actually go out of my way to get coffee at Matador coffee.  My husband and I also keep a good stash of Matador coffee beans stocked up at home and can not live a single day without having an amazing cup of joe or an espresso.  If you are a coffee connoisseur then this coffee is for you! I Highly recommend Matador Coffee!
5 Got the 20oz "Dirt Clod" - a hot white mocha with a chunk of dark chocolate thrown in. The coffee was delicious! Not too bitter or over roasted. The chocolate didn't really mix in so I got a nice chocolate sludge when I finished the coffee, which I enjoyed. Overall, pretty decent.  The inside really appealed to me - a great space to study or just hang out and read. Tons of cushioned seating, art, and just generally aesthetically pleasing. It felt homey which is always a bonus for a place that you'd want to stay for longer than it takes to get a coffee to go. I'd go here again if it weren't so far away (right across the street from PVCC).
5 Really nice place! Love the atmosphere! Excellent customer service! Definitely recommend it! Will be back :)
5 Loved this place even more than most little coffee shops. I'm not a huge coffee drinker so I always end up ordering something out of the ordinary. This time it was a chai tea freeze. It was delicious. Spicy and not too sweet. There was enough food on the menu to make things interesting and the interior was super cozy with lots of comfy places to sit. Definitely somewhere we'll stop again when we're around that part of town.
1 I have been there on three occasions and have been disappointed all three times. The first time a dread locked girl "forgot" to make my sandwich.  The second time (same girl) I asked for no cheese, only to get a huge heaping pile of cheese. Also, I ordered a latte and noticed the milk was a little off so I mentioned that it tasted sour and she said "Well it's not. Our coffee is supposed to be bitter". The third and last time was no better leaving me with a wrong drink, my husband without his OJ and water bottle and a sandwich that took 25 minutes to make! Same girl!! She's got a black tattoo sleeve and is as sweet as can be but dumb as a chump. Or maybe that was me for thinking this place could get my order right. Try 32 Shea....better coffee and quick service. Hell, go to the Circle K on the corner....you'll be happier.
3 I have a love/hate relationship with this place.  The service can be slow slow slow especially if there are 2 people working, so with that in mind I never stop when I am in a rush.  They used to have the best scones and muffins...but they are now getting free pastries from somewhere (generic danishes, jelly donuts etc), and while they keep telling me they occasionally make baked goods ...you never know when it will be.  I've been there 3 times this week and twice they didn't make any and once they were sold out by 9:00 am.  (which would lead me to believe its popular so why not make them???, but whatever).  My biggest problem is the amount of time dirty dishes are left on tables and how unclean the tables are when you go to sit at them.  I don't drink much coffee I stick to black tea, and hot chocolate but I was asked by an employee, "Why do you come to a coffee shop when you don't drink coffee?"  Felt very unwelcome, so if my money isn't good I guess I can take it somewhere else.  I want to like this place, and then every time I go there I don't have a great experience.  Maybe I'm just expecting too much?
5 This is a classic coffee shop with plenty of great seating, good music, and powerful wifi. I'm here now and having a lot of fun. The wifi connected to Yelp really well. I'm drinking really great coffee. Make sure to get the Double Boch if they have it. :)
5 Love this place. Best coffee in town and always great tunes. Super friendly service too. Tasty pastries and breakfast sandwiches. Smoothies are delicious. I always try to support local places over corporate and in this case it's not just a matter of principle and really pays off.
5 First time there and will be back. Good, endless coffee and el toro breakfast sandwich was awesome. Nice local spot.
3 Coffee or latte ordered along with breakfast burrito..So coffee was great although I had the toasted iced marshmallow latte skip the chocolate-too dark with the choco....LOVED the burrito and I got extra bacon bcz appearently the smart ass counter guy did not put in the order in..I waited like 30 minutes before I realized he just didnt order it....I guess they use a tablet t pay so to sign your name I was expecting a stylus pen that comes with the tablet to sgn your name so I asked the barrista/smart ass can I just sign with my finger which than  to he replied well I would prefer you sign with something really sharp so it can scratch the tablet..I'm thinking -.First off I dont know you that well for your douche self to be joking like that I am a first time customer and I asked a relatively normal but serious question. So from that moment on my attitude was changed from I need coffee to wake up to fuck off pint size little man / bitch rage....Needless to say customer service needs help..Music was jazz so I was not a fan of the music either.....
5 Hands down the best coffee spot in Arizona (and I've been to plenty). After having Matador for the first time, I have been completely hooked and refuse to go to any other coffee shop! The staff is super friendly and they make me feel special by knowing my order when I walk in :) Everyone must try their White Mocha Raspberry Iced Latte! Perfection!
5 This place is great. They have great coffee and good service. The employees are always helpful. I go to school across the street so I love that they extended their business hours.
5 Excellent local coffee shop.  Roast their own.  Nice decor, olé Matador!  The lounge chairs and sofas in the back are cozy and awesome!  Just wished the lady using it would stand up...  Great coffee overall!
5 I come here almost every morning, and love it! The music is always good, and the staff is always so friendly. The owner, though, is what really impressed me. She works on a regular basis with the staff, instead of on a computer at one of the tables like I have seen so many other places. It's a very refreshing place that will become a regular spot if you go in.
5 This place is my favorite place to go. I've been with my buddies after hiking, we stop in the mornings and grab a frozen latte before going to class. It's a really laid back shop, and local- which is a huge bonus in my book. The music is rad and we have chatted with the workers about anything and everything. Needless to say, they are super friendly people!  The orange sunset is better w raspberry flavor. The s'more drink is excellent! The chai, I think it was dirty chai or something like that, was super spicy, but my buddy who ordered it LOVED it. Too spicy for me:D!  The blended/iced drinks are by far my favorites though.  Everyone working is super on point and lovin their job. I love that I am not putting my 3$ towards a corporation/chain!
5 My visit here was totally out of the blue.  It's not in the general direction (or distance) that I've driven for coffee here in Phoenix, but I am so glad I had to be this side for another errand! The vibe of this place is definitely "cozy".  There's no gross smell that lingers at a lot of other coffee shops. It appears clean, and the displays well organized.  I had the orange sunset to drink.  Tried their mediterranean plate - and after frequenting Dearborn, MI, I have high expectations for mediterranean and middle eastern foods.  This plate passed the test.  :) :) :)  My only regret is that this place isn't closer to where I live.  Though, I am sure I will find ways to make the drive.  I suggest this to any one looking for a chill place to read, study, or just catch up with a friend.
1 Disappointed... Went in with a friend, my coffee was quite bitter, and the service was unpleasant. It took 30 min to get our sandwhich while other customers walked out with their food in hand. This is my second bad experience so I doubt I will be returning. :(
