5 After calling out a few different companies to give us a quote, we were sold when Chris came out from AZ Luxury Lawns and Greens. To be honest, the other guys were a tad less expensive, but the QUALITY of turf that Chris brought out was light years beyond the smaller companies' turf. I trusted Chris would do it right, and it was worth spending a little more money to have a better product and know that it was done correctly. Now that it is in, I am extremely satisfied with the workmanship, customer service, feel of the lawn (It looks and feels amazing - my dog LOVES it), and I will absolutely, enthusiastically recommend AZ Luxury Lawns and Greens to my friends and family.
5 I am very pleased with the job AZ Luxury Lawns did for me.  The sales rep, Kyle was a pleasure to deal with throughout the whole process.  When he came out to give me an estimate there was no sign of the high pressure sales pitch I had anticipated.  He simply educated me on their product and the quality of service his company would provide.  He steered away from bad mouthing other companies (which is always a turn off) and even conceded there were a few others out there that were also doing good work and using material similar in quality to theirs.  He showed me how to identify an inferior product should I continue to shop around so I could make a fair comparison.  He also offered to take me to see a lawn they had recently installed and when I saw it I was sold instantly.  If you're looking up companies on Yelp you're probably just as picky as I am, I can assure that you won't be sorry if you choose AZ Luxury Lawns.
5 I am very pleased with the job AZ Luxury Lawns did for me what a professional team. The sales rep, Jake was a pleasure to deal with throughout the whole process and Jake was there every step of the way including the installation.. When Jake came out to give me an estimate there was no sign of the high pressure sales pitch I had anticipated. He simply educated me on their product and the quality of service his company would provide. He steered away from bad mouthing other companies (which shows a true salesman). If you're looking for a great company look no further, I can assure that you won't be sorry if you choose AZ Luxury Lawns Take the time to get your three quotes and asked for customer references they have them.
5 I have had my ~600sqft of lawn and putting green in for about a week, and I can't stop going outside to play!  Kyle was easy to work with on the sales side, and was on-site to ensure the process went smoothly and that the green would come out as expected on install day. I found the prices to be very fair and the quality is really top notch.  The install crew was full of experienced craftsmen who took their work very seriously, even for a small job like mine. The time and effort they exerted makes me happy I chose Luxury Lawns for my installer. In fact I have already made a referral for a close friend who loved it when he saw it over the weekend.
5 Excellent service.  Great looking product.  Highly recommended.
5 Our grass looks amazing!  Jake was a great guy to work with, not pushy and very knowledgable!  We put in over 7,000 square feet of grass in our backyard and it look great!
5 I can't say enough good things about AZ Luxury Lawns and Greens. We have enjoyed our "lawn" for a year now. It is so real looking, always green and easy to take care of. Each person that I interacted with was helpful and professional. We recently had damage from a recent storm and they came back at no charge and fixed the damage.
5 From start to finish the experience with Chris and his team was exceptional. Apart from the fact that my garden looks incredible I am still blown away by the exceptional standard of customer service. I feel confident that the work is of the highest standard and that they 100% stand behind their quality and standards which is so important to know as a customer.  I would have no hesitation in recommending them and plan on referring some business when I get the opportunity as a personal thank you.
5 They did a great job, the guy that came out was very nice and knew his stuff. We love the work they did, and have recommended them several times.
