1 I recenty went to this Sears Auto to get the A/C "recharged" on my car since the A/C stopped working. I knew my air compressor was ok since it was still blowing warm air at me.  After Sears inspected my 12 year old American car, the quote came out to just over $800 - which would've included a new compressor, hose and freon recharge. I decided to get another opinion and Firestone did the recharge for a total of $117. For a couple weeks now I have functioning A/C in my car and boy am I happy that I didn't let Sears take the job. Extremely disappointed that I was scammed at such a big chain.
1 Only reason I went here is because our car was purchased through DriveTime and their deal comes with 3 free oil changes per year (for the entire 5 year loan btw). Everytime we come here the mechanics tell of us of some leak or part that needs to be replaced.   Little does Sears know that I have a personal mechanic on the side. After he inspected it, he informed me that there were, in fact, no leaks. Tsk, tsk!
1 Pretty bad service. Rude guy(493536) in the front. We were told work will be done in 90 mins but the guy took 90 minutes plus to only check if there was something wrong!! And this is a battery check I'm talking about. They told me  battery was bad and would need to be replaced. But  the guys were charging $20 for checking and servicing a new battery...WTF!!! I told these guys to not change the battery and took my car to AZ Auto and those guys found my battery to be perfect. Problem was with the starter assembly which I replaced for $357. Car works perfectly with the old battery that Sears told me was bad.  Stay away from this place. These guys are cheats!!!!!  This place is a SCAM!!!! Shame on the people that work here!
4 My Die Hard Gold battery that was installed in August of 2010 failed on me this morning.  Jumped my truck to get it started and drove over to Sears Auto at the Chandler Mall.  My Gold battery has a 3 year warranty so I was hopeful that I would get it replaced under warranty.  I was greated by Eric Ramirez (Emp # 467787).  Very professional guy, pleasure to deal with.  We got thru the paperwork and he quoted me about a 1 hour wait.  It was almost exactly 1 hour when they completed the battery replacement and the paperwork was done and I was out of there.  No cost due to the great warranty Sears has on the Gold batteries.  I arrived home and as I always do when work is done on my vehicles, I double check the work.  I am happy to report that all was well; all connections tight, nothing damaged, looked great !  Thanks Sears, you guys did well today.
2 I recently moved to AZ and I needed new tires so I went to this Sears Auto Center. I've had great experience with Sears Auto in the past, but this one was not up to par. My tire service took 7 hours. Turns out, they broke my TPMS light and couldn't fix it...I went back twice after that initial time and spent countless hours both there and at my dealer to get it reset and they still couldn't fix it. Blamed it on a program issue and not having updated software to fix it. Needless to say, I spent way too much time here, got passed off too many times and got nothing accomplished. My dealer ended up taking care of the problem. Won't be back.
1 stopped in to have front brake pads replaced. just had everything replaced less then a year ago just wanted to avoid pads getting too thin and risking damage. they quoted me for two new Roters (less then a year old), brake fluid flush (just had done last week with yearly service) already told them that. went in for two pads they quoted me over $400.00 They didn't want to give me the keys, but I did get them and walked out. I will never be back.
1 Just went there to get four new tires for my car, got to the shop around 9:45 am and the guy told me it would take around 2hrs to be done. So I went and saw a movie and got some lunch and had yet heard from them so after three hours I went back to the shop and it was still on the lift and they had no answers for me about why it is taking so long. Finally after 4 1/2 hours my car was finished. To top it all off my window is broken and told the guy when I got there not to roll it down and of course it was down when I got into my car. So now I have to roll around with my window cracked in 100 degree weather. Stay clear of this place!!!
1 What a circus! I ordered an item online to be picked up in store, so as to avoid lines and cashiers, etc. After waiting in line and dealing with a lengthy process at the register with a guy who seemed has never operated a computer before, two guys finally drag a box out from the back, which I notice right away is the wrong item. So upon further time consuming tinkering with the computer, the employee then tells me the item is not in stock. Get your crap together please for the sake of any further victims of incorrect inventory and poorly trained associates.
