4 Pretty good, cost wise, for the area. Communication is always an issue but they do good work.
5 I was in the area and really wanted a pedicure. My husband was with me, and although I'd NEVER drag him into a nail salon regularly, we were celebrating my birthday and doing things I liked so he was a great sport and accompanied me in.   As I was sitting in the chair I began reading some of the yelp reviews. Previous yelpers were right! It was very clean and the service was good. After I got set up in the chair, the nail tech asked if my husband wanted to sit next to me in a massage chair, which was nice of him to offer. So he saddled on in and got to check his phone and watch a Bruce Willis movie on the tv.  My nail tech did a great job! So many times when I've gotten a pedicure I'm disappointed with the massage part (which we all know is the best part), but it was relaxing and they even wiped off any extra lotion so as not to leave my skin too greasy. The polish came out very nice and they gave me some oh-so-stylish disposable slippers to walk out in.   Great place!!
5 This place was amazing! It's clean, a really cute theme, reasonably priced, and the staff was sooo friendly! Also, My toes have never looked so good! I will definitely be going back.
1 I went in to get a fill and called before to verify the price. I was told it was only going to be 22 dollars. After I was serviced they charged my card 40 dollars. When I complained they said the fill was 17 and they charge and extra 20 for color!!!! I got French tip nails with no extra color or designs. Do not go there! Complete rip off and dishonest people!!
5 My mom and sister's fav nail spot.  We stopped in for services before the weekend activities. They clean and sterilize tools, clearly.  Happy to see it and watch them pull the items out of the plastic and not have to wonder.  They take their time and listen to the customer.  They also have bottled water to offer and take appointments.  Reasonable prices too.  I don't get anything special, so I cannot comment on their work but I liked my buff mani pedi.  Will definitely keep this on my list for when I visit PHX again.
5 I have been coming here for a few years now and have turned this place onto multiple friends of mine. The nail techs are all amazing. Vu is the only person I let touch my nails. Hannah is amazing at waxing too. Go in and see them. Make an appointment because they are always busy.
5 I have finally found a nail salon that I like. I've never been able to find a salon that is this clean and the workers are this polite. They do a great job and are willing to make sure you are happy with the outcome.  The salon is very clean, there are replaceable covers on the pedicure spa area so you know that everything is sanitary. Also they bring out a fresh pack of tools each time and they open the bag in front of you.  Pricing is just about normal as you would find anywhere else.   They have a huge selection of colors. Everything is very neat and each polish has a # on it so everything is kept in the right order. They have a huge selection of predesigned nails also.  They do a great job and his will be the only salon that I go to from now on.
5 Just moved to the apartments right next to park west, so I needed a new nail salon in my area. This salon is literally walking distance. I was very impressed with the way they did my nails and more impressed with their affordable prices!  They did a great job listening to me on how I like my nails done and I even showed the nail tech a picture of a design I liked and they did it great! Will be returning again!
