2 Too few checkout lanes open, check. Open checkouts are absurdly slow, check. Restrooms are filthy with sticky floors, check. Receipt contains a feedback/survey link whereby customer comments are completely ignored, check. Yup, this is a pretty typical Walmart store. What? It's a TARGET you say?
1 The worst customer service ever.  I once bought an item, tried to return it, unused, with a receipt.  They said the item was discontinued and I could not return it.  I found the exact same item on the shelf, bought it up to customer service and they still refused to honor my receipt.  I have no control over how their computer rings up my item, but I was being penalized for it.  She said I could return without using a receipt, but then I wouldn't get my full price paid.    There is always some type of issue with their customer service.  The restrooms are unclean and there is seldom anyone around to assist or check you out.  Apparently, no one works at customer service ever unless I go to ask for help.
1 I had open carried my handgun for my own personal protection and a Law abiding citizen, I had done my shopping for some grocery inside the store then proceeded to the check out, not not after I walked out of the store and a few steps from the entrance, security had stopped me, he had this to say "This is a warning, remember next time to leave you're gun in the car...while there are no signs posted against the allowance of firearms or weapons. It makes other people nervous"   I let him know I officially boycott the store, if the company policy does not allow me the right to open or conceal carry for my own protection, and the protection of others including the "Anti-Gun" crowds. Then I do not need to shop there any longer. Which it now has turned into a "Gun free Zone" I get nervous not being able to protect myself.
4 I can't really comment for the store itself. I mainly come to visit the Starbucks for my morning caffeine requirement. The first time I came, I ordered a tall mocha, and I left with some weird flavor that resembled pumpkin spice latte, but way different and not flavorful at all. A guy barista made it.   The other times I came, I ordered with the girl that's usually there in the morning and she does a great job. I'll have to pay attention to her name next time.
