5 We get the fastest, most friendly service here! We have frequented this chain in 4 other states and this is the best by far! The food is always fresh and I love that they use locally grown ingredients.
4 Yum! This place never disappoints. The food is always fresh, hot, and delicious. Some items are organic, some meats are not from animals raised on pesticides and other poisons...you get a choices at least. For me it's better to skip the tortilla and avoid the additional approx 200 calories and go with the Burrito Bowl. The taco's are good but not a good value when compared to the rest of the menu items (portion to price ratio).  Oh except for the crazy $1.80 price for a teaspoon sized portion of guacamole (I skip that too). Very good place to eat it's nice and quick.  The staff are friendly!
5 Fantastic!
3 Stopped in for a quick bite today to recharge.  Got a basic beef and cheese burrito with salsa and sour creme along with some black beans.  I probably would pass on the black beans next time, but they were good, just not the right taste for my burrito.    Given all the variety of how to make the burrito, really the end product is up to you!    I would not be so crazy as to call this healthy food, but it sure beats a greasy burger.  (What doesn't?)  Anyways, worth a repeat.  The service was quick and alert.  The staff there was nice, and not zombified.  Well worth the visit!  Enjoy!
4 Always busy at this location. The staff is friendly, polite, and helpful. Love when people make eye contact with me when I'm talking to them. I realize that's probably a little thing but it makes a big difference to me. This location is always clean, bright, and even the bathrooms are clean too.  The food is good enough.  I usually get a salad and its pretty yum. The guacamole is worth the price of admission. All in all, a good go-to place for lunch! :) Wish they had a drive thru!
5 Love this place!! Most amazing fast food Mexican food ever!!
4 Great quick casual mexican chain that is consistently good no matter the time of day. I appreciate the brown rice option and the ability to always control exactly what goes in my burrito or bowl. The staff is always friendly and caters to all of the guests. Just wish that they had a whole wheat tortilla option!
5 I am addicted to Chipotle.  There I said it.  I previously reviewed Chipotle prior to truly understanding just how darn good this food is.  Five stars, I scream it from the top of the mountain!  Folks that work here are always helpful and laid back friendly.  But very very efficient, professional and awesome!    ALSO, Check out the iPhone app they have now so you can pre-order EXACTLY what you want!  AWESOME.   ENJOY!
4 Before we moved back to CA (the story of my life!)  we were here SO much they actually knew who we were, what we ate, how we ate it, and then we moved. :0(   Now that we are back, we have been a few times, they haven't remembered us yet. Boohoo...  But we are suckers for the chips!!  This location is easy to get it, parking is a lot better than it used to be and it is just worth the extra swearing waiting for a parking spot to open!  Be patient to those who havent eaten there before.  Remember the first time we were all confused!!  I hate seeing jerks in here being rude to newbies!  Just help them figure it out and we will all get through the lines!
4 Love the food here?  Back when I lived in Sacramento, CA this was lunch as most everyday.... Just as good here in Surprise, AZ.  Fresh meat, filling portions, everything seems so fresh and it could put you in a good food coma after eating 1 serving.   This is a great after the gym snack... Even has beer, chips if you crave that with your fresh food. I would eat here more often, but my better half is not into large, heaping, portions that will satisfy anyones hunger....
4 GREAT FOOD! I can stay on my diet! Fast service, you stand in line and they make the burrito or salad in front of you. Come before 12 noon, theres NEVER a line if we get there by 11:45!
4 great place friendly food has always been perfect.....
5 I love me some Chipotle. I have been to many locations around the country and this one is very good. The workers always look clean and are friendly. Food is fresh as it can be given the set-up and very tasty.
3 Busy Busy Busy!  Seems like everytime I go there is a line out the door.  Our entrees were good as usual, and I don't mind the wait.  If  you don't like to wait in line to order your food, you might want to consider calling ahead to order and pick up your food.  The location is usually very clean, loud either from the music or people talking, but there's also an outdoor area you can eat at.  They have very good guacamole for a fast food place, and the tortilla chips have a lime-salt flavor that accompanies the guacamole really well.
4 Food is always good!
4 I really like Chipotle. I like how its just simple and fast. My favorite meat here is the Barbacoa. I was quite surprised that it was so tasty and tender. This is my choice of meat here. Everything on the line is pretty good from the rice and beans to the salsa and chips. Rice at this location is perfectly cooked not to hard and not too mushy. you can taste the cilantro and a hint of lime. I have heard at other locations from a friend that they have overcooked it or maybe put too much water in it and that sucks. But anyway what you do is just walk along the counter and tell them what you want and they put it in a burrito or bowl for you. Easy. So they ask you if you want chips at the end. The chips are so good they are lightly salted with I believe sea salt and they have the right crunch to them. I only go to Chipotle for Chipotle food. Once in a while I say hmmm I feel like Chipotle. When I want Mexican food then I go to real Mexican food place or my mother in law or any of my friends house. I do have a white friend that cooks like a Mexican too. Well anyway Chipotle is nice for fast tasty food on your lunch break or happen to be out and about. Yes I am a fan :)
3 Pretty simple. Food is OK not good not bad but OK. The line is insane........part of the schtick of chipotle. OK I get it. Now all is well except...the first line employee you get to was sweating profusely and pushing his glasses up and touching his sweaty face without changing his gloves...YIKES !!!!. Food and line is the same at all of the Chipotles. That 1 employee ruined the experience.....ugggh.
3 Odered a steak burrito it was pretty good, that's about as much as I can offer.
4 I'm in here at least 2 or 3 times a week.  One of my favorite places to eat on this side of town.  Besides it being super busy at times, its a great place to eat!
5 Great non gmo  food, after I hit the gym I don t feel bad going and eating their bowls. The staff is great, prices aren't too bad. Great fast food alternative for those who want to eat clean  Good job chipotle staff!!
5 I love this place yes its busy but they are fast!plus they give you alot of food and they have veggie plates which is aweaome!
5 This place is so great!  I have been coming to this location for about 6 yeasts now.  Same owner who is extremely nice but so are his employees.  Their food is always tasty and soooooo fresh.
2 I looooove chipotle. I'm giving this location 2 stars because the staff is horrible. The line is always wrapped around the restaurant but there are normally less than 2 tables occupied. The staff is lazy and rude. Waited in line 30 minutes. Wish there was another one close to me.
2 I've eaten at Chipotle before I enjoy the place.... came in to Az to visit my son  we headed to chipotle to grab a bite to eat....the line was longgggg but moved rather quickly...I got a stake bowl ....the stake was awful very chewy and grisly I had to push the meat aside and eat the rest of the bowl....the chips were ok they were very very salty .....  the customer service was good and kind even though I did feel a bit rushed to give my order by the bowl maker....
1 The line was extremely long, the food was cold & they really skimped on the meat & cheese in my daughter's kids taco kit. Very disappointed by this Chipotle.
5 The food here is always very fresh and consistent. The employees are very nice and put together the food orders very quickly which is nice when you are in a hurry. I've never had a bad experience here, I would recommend this location.
4 I watched a great documentary about Chipotle on Netflix recently. I never have this place a second look until then. I'm not a "burrito" fanatic, but after watching the documentary I was impressed by the quality and quantity of their ingredients. So I gave them a try.   Saturday night, around 830pm. My GF and I rolled in and we were certainly not the only customers. It seemed that this was a go-to place got a lot of people at that time of night. I ordered a chicken burrito, dark rice, cheese, salsa, sour cream, and lettuce. The employees were not skimpy with the ingredients... that warm burrito was packed to capacity!   Overall delicious! Very nice employees sealed the deal. I'll be back to try the steak next time.
4 Typical Chipotle experience, long lines, great food, humanely raised at a decent price. One of my favorite quick places to grab a bite to eat that I don't feel guilty over eating. I rated this particular Chipotle at a four star because their line moves incredibly slowly compared to other Chipotle's in the valley. Friendly group though and upbeat. The new sofritas are awesome.
4 Great food, fast service, no efficient organization on faxed orders or online ordering. Keep up the great work though!!
4 Chipolte's Mexican Grill is pretty good. Having many food sensitivities I can appreciate their options and ingredients. I like the fresh food and feel good feeding my family there.   The only complaint I have is that I am picky eater and do not like fat and grizzle at all! I always run into it with the chicken, so I get easy on the chicken and extra on the beans. There is always a line, and if its too long we pass, otherwise it is worth the wait. The line wouldn't be so long if it wasn't so good. When you get up there it is pretty fast. It makes you wonder every time why did it seem to take so long. lol
