2 I had coupons from the Entertainment Book, so thought, what the heck I'm always down for a deal. However, I don't think I'll be returning to this location. The high school age girls working here had serious attitude both times I went. My fiance asked if the peanut butter sauce was good and she just stared at him and said, "I guess". For the price, the two sundaes we got were so small. There was no outside seating.   There are so many local ice cream shops around town, like Udder Delights, that are so much better (service, value, taste) that we have no need to go here again.
4 Very friendly staff.  They are always willing to give the kids all of the samples that they want until they make up their mind.    ** Tuesday is $1 scoop night!
4 Nice icecream. Fast service!
5 Yum! Yum! So many flavors- I had 3!!!! Super friendly and fast! I will go back to try some more! Do your self a favor and get the big size;)
2 Granted this is a chain.. but damn! The staff here is absolutely incompetent and they test my patience in every way known to mankind. Although the promotional specials are prominently displayed in the store when you ask the employees about them they look at you as if you are speaking a foreign language. On two occasions I tried to get order those waffle cone dippers; the first time the staff had no clue what I was talking about until I POINTED to the poster and then they realized they were out of the waffle chips. The second time the dude knew what I was talking about but said he didn't know if they were out of the waffle chips or just couldn't find them... WHAT! I swear these people are Martians.
1 came in here eh maybe a hour-ish after opening and the floors looked like they haven't been swept or mopped in over a month, so much toppings and crumbs on the floor it was GROSS! the bath room trash was over flowing with trash and looked about the same as the dinning area, hasn't seen a mop or a cleaning in a while. the music was beyond loud i couldn't hear my self think! the staff was eh so so all hiding until someone came in and then only one would come out and seemed a tad on the grouchy side. i had a waffle cone dipped in chocolate, but it tasted off, tasted like it had a mint taste to it and just very off, i couldn't finish it, it tasted so wrong on so many levels. my lil girl had one of those stupid clown cones they have in the freezer by the door. i don't understand how they think a child is going to eat a rock hard scoop of ice cream with frosting all over the cone?!? she didn't even touch the cone, so we took the ice cream home, never melted that much from the store all the way over to higley rd. doubt i will be back at this mess, and i mean its a messy store. clean it a lil bit and it would probably would be a better place, a lil soap and water wont kill an employee im sure ;)
2 The staff here seem to be very friendly, young and outgoing...the problem is that the place is dirty all the time - floors, windows and tables are always dirty...bad sign?
1 This place has the worst customer service ever! It's amazing they are still in business. Gives Baskin Robbins a bad name.
2 Only one kid slinging scoops tonight...bummer management let that happen. Add the fact that the in-store temp is about 90 degrees.  Gonna be the last time we choose this over Water n Ice...too bad cuz I worked at Baskin Robbins in high school.
