5 "Eye" (bad pun) needed to find a new eye doctor, and I decided to call this place since I drive past it all the time on 44th street.   Their flashing sign promoting that they're accepting new patients and VSP lured me. So I called them up and scheduled an appointment right away with them.   I was hoping to find an eye doctor that was: a) good b) friendly c) has a nice assortment of upscale frames  And I found all of that and more at Valley Eyecare!  Plus, it was easy from their website I printed out the forms that I needed to fill out -- so I didn't have to spend extra time in the waiting area. (The receptionist was appreciative of that -- so was I, it was convenient!)  The entire staff is professional and friendly. I'm so glad that this office is so close to my house. :)
5 Wonderful service and people.  My wife and I have been using Valley Eyecare Center for two years and recommend this family run eyecare business to all.
5 Dr Eric Clyde and his staff are great, personal and effiecient. They did exams my old Dr in Texas never did and explained things much better. he listened to my concerns and told me everything that was going on with my vision. My old Dr never listened about my contacts being uncomfortable for the longest time and was stuck on one brand and Dr Clyde said there are so many brands to try and he got it right with the first ones. Great communication through website and email. Cant say enough great things about this practice!!!
5 Thanks for helping me to find Valley Eyecare Center, fellow Yelpers!  I visited their office as a new patient and knew from the moment I walked in that it was going to be a positive experience.  The receptionist was  friendly, the office was modern and clean, and the wait was super-short (~3 mins). I was impressed with care that was provided and didn't feel rushed when working with Dr. Eric Clyde or his assistant.  The three words that come to mind when thinking of this office are: professional, prompt, and accurate.  My visit was for a contact lens fitting, so no comment on their frame selection / service.
5 Sorry it has taken me so long to get to this review. But, here it is and worth the wait. My Boyfriend and I both came here to Valley EyeCare Center for our Eye exams. It was fully a great experience.  When I called they were good enough to make our appts. right next to each other so we could come at the same time. The girls working there were all very friendly and answered all questions we had.  The office is very modern with all the nice equipment. Plus, it was spotlessly clean in the offices as well.  Our Dr. was Dr. Lindsey Clyde. She was awesome, so nice and very friendly. You felt like she was one of your friends. She explained everything about our eye exam and the results while we were there. We will come back here and we fully recommend this Eye exam to all our friends. We were lucky to find this office and they took my insurance as well.
5 Before this appointment, I had never been to an optometrist so I had no idea what to expect. I was such a newbie. During the initial exam from the nurse, I'm pretty sure I looked like a deer in the headlights but they were fast, thorough and very nice. Can't say anything but great things about their bedside manner.  Dr. Clyde was AWESOME! He was so laid back and talked to me in plain English about my vision problems and gave me the options to have glasses or not and when I should be wearing them. He didn't even dilate my eyes which is awesome because I was going to have to drive in rush hour traffic with blurred vision. No bueno. I ultimately chose to get some specs because I was having some serious night vision issues.  Their frame selection was good enough for me and I found some great Marc Jacobs ones that look perfect on my face. The person responsible for fulfilling prescriptions was THE sweetest person ever and my insurance covered much of the cost.  I was VERY happy with my service here and will be a repeat patient!
5 Trying a new Doctor for anything is always a bit dodgy. You never know if they will be what you want or even good at their job. How I found this Eye Doctor is thru Yelp! I was so glad that I did! I saw Dr. Lindsey Clyde, she was awesome!!   The staff is friendly and answers your questions,without making you feel like a fool. The Doctor was great, she answered all questions, gave me some things to look for in my furture eye care as well. They have the latest technology here as well. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to get there eyes checked.
5 I went to Valley Eyecare Center today and had a really great experience.  I've been to other eye docs before and found their exam to be very comprehensive.  I went to Dr. Eric but have a friend who has gone to Dr. Lindsey and said she's great as well.  Looking forward to my new stylish specs!
5 Dr Lindsay and the gang at Valley Eyecare ROCK1. She was able to help my elderly mother with a problem others said was non-correctable.
5 I'd been going to the same eye doctor since I first needed glasses 15 years ago. Last year, I moved to Arizona and needed to find a new optometrist. I'm very cautious when it comes to choosing new doctors, so I looked over tons of reviews for doctors all over the valley until I settled on Valley Eyecare for their great Yelp reviews.  I wasn't, and still am not, disappointed! Dr Lindsey Clyde is possibly the nicest and most caring doctor I've ever had. I have bad vision and incredibly dry eyes, and she stopped at nothing to make sure my new contacts were a perfect fit for my eyes. The staff is equally as welcoming and the woman who fits and orders glasses sat with me for half an hour until I chose the best frames, all the while giving me tips and weighing the pros and cons of each type of frame and lens (very patient for me being such an indecisive person!)  It's nice to go to a health care professional who really cares about her customers! I've recommended her to all of my family and friends in the Phoenix area and I highly recommend her and the Valley Eyecare staff to anyone who needs a great optometrist!
1 After reading all of these great reviews, I called to schedule an appointment. I asked if they had any openings today and was simply told "No" with no explanation. Okay, so... "when would your next opening be?" I was told they don't have anything till June 10th (mind you this is May 23rd!)... so no openings for 2 1/2 weeks! I was then told that the doctors would be on vacation. BELIEVE ME, I'm all for everyone enjoying vacation time... but why would ALL the doctors take time off at once?
5 I decided to go to Valley Eyecare after several years of going to mall optometrists and never getting the right prescription.  I visited the last one four times complaining that the script wasn't right, only to be given a 30 second chart test and be told "no, you're fine."  I started to think maybe I was just too far gone to have contacts that could let me see.    My experience was completely different at Valley Eyecare.  Their technology is up to date and they had machines that I hadn't seen before in all my years of getting eye exams.  The office staff was helpful, and my appointment started right on time.  Dr. Clyde was personable and took the time to understand my frustrations in finding the right prescription.  The part that truly blew me away was that the doctor saw me again when I came to try on the contacts.  This was the first time I hadn't just been handed trials and told to "call in a week if they don't work"  Dr. Clyde himself actually took a couple of minutes to ensure they were sitting well and that they were comfortable before I left.  I didn't realize what a strain not being able to see properly was taking on my eyes.  An hour after getting my trials my whole face started to relax.  It felt amazing!  Thank you Valley Eyecare, I'm definitely not going anywhere else for eye care from now on!
5 Dr. Clyde is great and so is the office staff.
5 Dr. Lindsey Clyde is awesome. The office was quick to get me in and they are right down the street.  I walked in and the staff was pleasant and everything was clean and nice. Dr. Clyde recognized my boyfriends name from my form and we chatted a bit about that. She is very easy to talk to.   I needed glasses and Dr. suggested to start with glasses instead of contacts. The lady who does the glasses fitting was great to work with because she gives you her honest opinion and says things like, "for me, these work for you" or, "for me I don't like them as much as the others".  I later went back and got contacts but wear my glasses occasionally. Everything was affordable and I genuinely enjoy the office.
5 I was nervous about finding a new eye doctor when I moved to Arizona and didn't think I'd find one as amazing as the Shiley Eye Care Center at UC, San Diego. After putting off my annual eye check up, I finally decided it was time to test the waters and see what Arizona had to offer. Thankfully my fellow Yelpers led me to the Valley Eyecare Center and I couldn't be happier!   I like that Valley Eyecare Center uses the latest technology to provide excellent service to their patients. The doctors and staff are warm and caring and take the time to actually listen to my concerns and questions. For example, at my last eye exam Dr. Eric Clyde and his staff understood that I couldn't afford the additional cost of the retina scan option, but also knew my time was valuable and I couldn't get through my day in front of the computer if I had to have my eyes dilated so they offered the retina scan and waived the additional cost. When I was recently fitted for contacts I struggled to get them in, but Dr. Clyde was patient and his assistant came into the room to help offer some tips and reassurance. Since I don't have vision coverage with my health insurance plan, I'm glad that they accept the Aetna VSP (Vital Savings Plan). I'm so glad that I found Valley Eyecare Center!
