3 Amazing no reviews about this place considering it's been there a while now.  I have 3, small ponds.  Largest is around 400 gallons, smallest is about 130 gallons.  I go in there during late spring and summer and get fish.  Koi, goldfish and yes, mollies seem to do well in ponds as well.  I just wait until they have a sale on them, which usually means a great price.  I like taking one of my Great Danes in there since they allow leashed, vaccinated pets.  Stuff for my ponds is about all I get in there.  I don't buy much of anything for dogs because their prices are just too much more than prices I can find elsewhere.  But, it's a cool place to walk around and look at all the stuff and make a wishlist and maybe go on Ebay or visit Walmart (umm, well maybe not) or somewhere and see if you can find something at a bit more reasonale price.  Cool employees, really don't have a problem with the place excepting the prices.
5 Great staff
2 I can always find what I need here. The store carries a wide assortment of toys that Hank likes,  as well as rawhide and other doggie treats. The staff is always helpful, and Hank seems to like it here They always give him a treat when we bring him in. The prices are a little on the high side, in my opinion.  The only negative for me is the Banfield Hospital,  it is a rip off. You pay the month fee, and still have to come out of pocket when you bring pooch or kitty to them. Oh, and you can't cancel until the END of the contract.....
5 We always take our dog here as opposed to Petco. We live the same distance from each and we tried the other a couple times before but we always just choose to go to Petsmart. We also prefer this location to the others in the valley.       This location has a very friendly and helpful staff. You can grab anyone and ask them where something is and they will show you. They also are all pet owners and have their own advice and contributions which I really appreciate. Our dog has graduated from two training rounds which have given him really good basics.       They often have stuff on sale or at a good price. They have many different choices for the same thing so you aren't stuck with only one brand. Even the Banfield people, who are not technically employees, are nice. They let us weigh are giant whenever we bring him in. (150lbs so far).      Our favorite part of going here is going to the grooming salon. Since he was old enough our dog has been bathed here. This really solidified our love of this place. On the next visit following the first grooming session we had stopped by to get some treats. Our dog just dragged us from the front of the store all the way to the grooming department because he really truly loved his groomer!! Now he is a "request dog" and we will wait til Jamie is back from whatever pto she is on or training she is completing in order to have her groom him. He is short haired and isn't extremely difficult to groom, but it means all the difference in the world to us that he loves his groomer. Even though she has told us her peers are equally awesome, we try to get her when she has time or just wait until she's available. We feel completely comfortable with her and stop by just to say hi whenever we see her working.     We give it 5 stars because it is Saathi approved!       The only improvement I can suggest is that it doesn't have a Petshotel. I would feel more comfortable putting him up there rather than the Scottsdale location simply because we see the employees so often, we are much more familiar with them, they are all warm and welcoming, and it's like home turf for our pup. Not that the Scottsdale location is bad, but it's pretty far for us so we don't go there for any other reason.
