2 This is an outdoor seating only Starbucks. There is a walk-up window for drinks, but no visable snacks. There is also a drive thru window for cars. There are 4 small round tables with 2-3 chairs a peice, and 1 larger rectangular table for disabled access with 2-3 chairs also. Prices are normal for a starbucks. Pros: Outdoors in late fall and early spring will be nice here, and it definately can't get crowded here. Cons: Only 2 umbrellas outside keep you shady from the sun or dry from the rain, there doesn't appear to be snacks here. No indoor seating, Midsummer here is going to be bad, also Semi-trucks are constantly shifting on the freeway here so it is very noisy, and there are no power outlets. There are several other open wifi spots here like the days inn and dennys, so you might be better suited to moving to one of those locations, but if you must sit here, then the att&t free wifi hotspot speed is 1.4 Mbit download speed, and 1.2 Mbit upload speed. (divide Mbit by 8 to get actual MB speeds). Overall I give this spot a 2 thumbs up out of 5.
4 Convenient when on the go! This location is right off the I-17 and Thomas and easy to get in but not easy to get out which is the reason why I didn't rate it at 5 stars.  Outdoor only, nice patio seating.
1 I'm a big Starbucks drinker so I was super excited when I found out how close this one was to us! However, to my disappointment this has been the only Starbucks that does not hold up to par. Every time I have gone my drink has been messed up. Even simple drinks such as a hot green tea. So sadly to say we won't be going to this Starbucks any more.
4 Quick service in a strange location
4 I am used to NYC StarBucks, however a Starbucks is still a Starbucks.  They didn't know a lot of lingo and how to make specialty drinks which are trivial in the NYC area.  This one had a drive-thru window which was also something I am not used to.  All and all very good coffee and I am a fan.
3 This Starbucks is weird. Drive through and walk-up only. Only outdoor seating. Weird can be good! But, it wasn't great.   It's essentially in the parking lot of a hotel, and I visited while I was staying in that hotel. They had the same ratio as my local Starbucks... my drink was right 3 out 4 times. However, the one time it WAS wrong - it wasn't just a LITTLE wrong - it was completely the wrong drink.  Definitely not somewhere you'd go to do work in less-than-perfect weather, and it might as well be located ON the highway... i.e. there is a ton of road noise.    However... friendly staff.   Standard Starbucks experience.
