2 It's fried chicken.  KFC.  I haven't been in a long time, but we had a coupon and fried chicken sounded good.  Well, the original recipe wasn't what I remembered.  A lot of pepper, which I didn't mind, but I don't remember that from my youth.  The breading seemed a bit soggy.  We also got some extra crispy, and it was better.  Nice seasoning, and not at all soggy.  It was good.  The potato wedges were fine.  As were the beans.  The corn was not as firm as it should have been, but not bad.  One annoyance was that condiments and utensils are behind the counter instead of accessible by the patrons.  So I had to wait around for the people behind the counter to get them for me.  They weren't ignoring me, they were just busy.  But it was still annoying.
2 We went to the KFC on Chandler Blvd. & the I-101 to get the 8 piece Family meal $19.99 + .99 (10 piece tender bites on special) for our visit to my 96 yr. old mother in law on Sunday. She loves KFC!  I was quite disappointed in the price to quantity ratio. All 8 pieces of chicken fit in the same size box as the 4 piece biscuit box. The 3 chicken legs and 2 thighs looked the same size as wing drumettes. The 2 wings would not keep a sparrow aloft. The breast, although a little larger, was dry. The 10 piece Tender bites were also dry and the crust had come off in the cooking process. The sides were ok. Cole slaw, 4 dry biscuits, potatoes and gravy. I could have consumed all the chicken myself and still have room for sides and dessert and I'm not a heavy eater.  I have visited many KFC's and they are all the same. It's not just this location.  Absolutely NOT worth the $21.00+tax for me but worth every penny for the smile on my mother in law's face! :-)
5 I love the Chicken Littles.. it's a throwback from 1988.  Back then, Chicken Littles were $.49, were thin and square.  Now they are $2.49, and sort of hot dog shaped.  They actually use a chicken finger and a mini hot dog bun.  The concept is the same, dill pickles and some sort of mayo sauce, fried chicken, and white bread.  A+ to KFC for bringing them back.
4 I just are here and everything was fine. I had a two piece Classic Meal, all white, Extra Crispy with mashed potatoes and cole slaw. The drive thru service was quick and polite.
