5 Katie has been doing my nails and eyebrows for years and I could not imagine going to anyone else.  I have followed her from salon to salon until, thankfully, she opened her own shop.  It is always clean, the service is always top notch, and I get compliments on my nails and toes all the time.  In addition, Katie is the best eyebrow waxer I have ever used... she keeps me looking great!  I recently moved 30 minutes away, to Ahwatukee, and there are nail salons all over the place.  I will still make the trip every two weeks to Queen Creek to have Katie and her staff take care of my nails.  That is how much I adore her and her shop.  I have recommended many people to her and they have all been very pleased... try them out, you will NOT be disappointed!!!
5 I went to Angel Touch Nails today for a pedicure this was not my first visit but I love going there for pedicures and manicures.  It's not like your normal nail salon.  They give the best pedicures.  Ian did mine today and it was great.  The are super clean I love that they bring their tools out in sterile packs and they use hot stones to massage your legs during the pedicure.  While I was there one of the nail techs showed me the jell polish she was wearing so i decided to try it.  What an awesome product it won't chip for 14-21 days what a time saver I never have time to get my nails done.  They feel like acrylic nails without the acrylic product very cool!  Katie and her staff are mostly made up of family and they always seem to be enjoy what they do.  They always remember my family as well.  Great service.  Thanks Angel Touch Nails you guys rock!  Here's to your first YELP review.
5 My operator is Tammy, being a guy and wearing sandals here in AZ. I like my feet to look good. Tammy does a great job with the pedi, the messagew is terrific..she is the best!
5 After reading the reviews online I thought I'd stop by without an appointment and got straight in.  Had the deluxe pedicure with Tammy and she did a fantastic job, even on my calloused heels.  Will definitely go back!!!!
5 I went here solely based on reviews I read online. I wanted a nice, clean salon that wanted my business. The salon by my house is always too busy & they act like they could care less if I wait or not. Anyhow, Angel Touch Nails By Katie was WONDERFUL! Michael gave me the best pedicure ever. Nice atmosphere too!
4 I am always nervous trying new nail salons, especially ones in strip malls.  However, I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  The chairs are comfortable, new tools are used each time and I'm able to communicate with the staff.  The place is usually pretty busy, but that's a good sign.  Carry a good selection of OPI polish.  Reasonable prices.
5 I am from Upstate NY and was visiting family in Chandler.  Too much time in the pool ( not a bad thing!) caused five of my nails to come off, and my hands looked just terrible. Turning to Yelp, I found Angel Touch Nails by Katie.  The reviews looked pretty good, and it was only 20 minutes from where I was staying. I called and made an appointment for about an hour later.  Upon arrival, the salon was pretty busy, and that was on a Tuesday early afternoon.  Even though the person I spoke to failed to write my appointment in the book, I was taken right on time,  even before others that were there prior to my arrival.  Basically, they honored my appointment, even though it wasn't in the book... My tech, Andy, was very cordial although not chatty. That was ok by me, since I appreciated just watching him work.  Every nail tech has their own style, and I liked watching Andy's. He was skilled and worked quickly, but never making me feel like he was rushing.  The couple of nails that he had to remove, he did so easily and without any discomfort.  There was no pressure for any other services or upselling, I was there a bit over an hour for some nail removal, and a complete acrylic set, polish, sparkles, topcoat and drying time.  The price was certainly fair, and they saved the remainder of my vacation from ugly hand syndrome!  Since we visit Chandler each year, I will be sure to visit Katie and Andy again in the future!
5 I've been waxing my eye brows for years now and it's always scary to fiind a new person!  After moving to Gilbert and reading the reviews, I figured I'd give Katie a try and I'm glad I did!  I was able to get in quickly, she did an awesome job, she was super friendly, and the price was awesome!  I'd definitely recommend this place as it is officially my waxing salon!
5 What a great experience! I took my entire family here on a whim since we had a cousin visiting (4 people plus a 9 mo. old baby). The staff was accommodating and very kind. My wife and I had planned on taking turns holding our son while getting our treatments, but the staff insisted that we could do it at the same time and hold him in the chairs. The staff made faces and talked to him, helping us keep him entertained while we got our pedicures (yes, I got a pedicure). Everyone was pleased with their specialist. The service here is exceptional, and the salon is clean and well lit, even for being small and in a strip mall. I HIGHLY recommend this place and my wife plans on returning for future visits often.
5 I went here over the weekend with my step daughter.  She needed to get a polish change and I needed a manicure and pedicure.  The tech that help me was amazing - I didn't get her name :(  I got a regular pedicure because my feet have become swollen from being 39 weeks pregnant and not really being able to reach my toes. I also got a gel manicure which has NOT chipped at all. I have gotten a gel manicure before, not at this salon but it chipped 2 days later and I was livid.   Overall, my experience was awesome, I will come back here to get my nails done.
5 Katie and her staff are great!! I have been going there for months and found the salon online.  I decided to try it because of the great reviews and they absolutely lived up to the hype.  I even took my husband there to get a pedicure and he loved it too.  I also generally do not get my eyebrows done in the nail shop but I tried it and was pleasantly surprised.  Katie does a great job waxing.  When I got my nails done I had Michael and Katie's brother do my pink and white with gel.  Katie is great too but she is always busy so make an appointment to see her.
4 Most nail places offer pretty standard services, and so does this one. I did have to wait for a few minutes before sitting down for my full set, but the technician did a great job, and was very careful.
4 Clean. Nice staff. My pedi came with a great massage and my toes looked great. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so packed all the time.
5 Absolutely wonderful experience. I was treated like royalty for 1 1/2 hours just for a pedicure! I would absolutely recommend them to any and everyone I know. The facility is very clean and everyone there is very pleasant! I didn't have to wait at all and they were so sweet to my 6 year old son who had to come along for the ride! I will never go anyplace else!!
5 Getting my toes done, amazing. Convincing my boyfriend to get his toes done with me.... Priceless!    I have come here a few times. They have always done a great job on my toes as well as waxing my eyebrows. They always do great designs on my toes as well!!
5 I have been going to this nail salon for over three years now. I refuse to go anywhere else. At first, I only wanted Katie to do my nails but whenever she wasn't there or just unavailable, someone else ended up doing my nails. I think nearly every person working there has done my nails at least once and I don't have a single complaint about any of them. They ALL do such a great job!
5 Great little place! I went in here for the first time a couple of weeks ago and felt like we were all old friends. Everyone is very accommodating and friendly. My nails (backfill, $35) came out fantastic - maybe the best I've ever had. I am going back this weekend for another backfill and a pedicure.  When I left, the owner (Katie, obviously) introduced herself and asked how my experience was. She even asked for my name! Great experience overall and would highly recommend.
3 Today was my first visit here. This place had great reviews and was right by my house so I gave it a try. I called in and they were able to get me in for a gel mani right away which was great! When I got there I was greeted right away. I asked how much longer it would take for a gel pedi and she said not long. She then asked to pick my color and then she walked away. I picked out my color and waited-she made eye contact with me a minute later as she was sitting a table away on her ipad...and I told her I had picked my color. She said ok and the guy would be right out.   A guy came up about 3-4 minutes later and smelled like smoke. To each his own, but it was REALLY strong! Anyway he popped a piece of gum and on we went.  I showed him the color and he went to work. He was very efficient and did a good job trimming & filing my nails & cutting my cuticles. He didn't ask if I wanted round or square but he did square and it was what I wanted so no big. Next he painted my nails and he did a good job and didn't seem to rush until he forgot to give my thumb a second cost. I looked away for a second so I'm not 100% sure he missed it but he wasn't sure either... so he added another coat in case.  After my nails he started the water and said "pedicure?" and I said yes, but I need to be out by 5, is there enough time? He said "nope" so that wasn't a huge deal, but I told her when I came in that I wanted a gel pedi and that I had gel polish on my toes because I thought they'd start the soak off process then so when I was completely done with my nails he said there wasn't time because of needing to soak off the gel on my toes.  On my way out I paid by credit card and at the place I usually go there is a tip line. There wasn't one on the receipt I signed so I asked and he said it was too late and I could just do it next time. Again not huge but I felt bad and it seemed weird.  As far as atmosphere-it is a nice salon and very pretty but it was slow at the time I went and there was no music so it was a little awkwardly quiet especially when I tried to ask my tech how long they had been there and he said...5 years...I don't know and that was that.
5 This is a great place just went here today an left very happy, I am very picky when it comes to getting my nails done Amy did my nails and she did a awesome job :)
5 This place is awesome!!!  It is reasonably priced and the girls who work here are polite and hilarious. They have great senses of humor and kept us laughing. They definitely took our lead when it came to conversation, when we were quiet they let us have peace but when we started convo they jumped right in.   It was super, super clean. They had a great variety of top end nail polishes and they did a great job on all 3 of us.   Highly recommend.
5 I had an event to go to last Saturday and I knew I had to get my eyebrows waxed. I walked in and Katie helped me immediately. I brought Kenzie with me and when I do that people always ask one of us if we are sisters and we always answer no... and tell them that Kenzie is my step-daughter or she would tell people I am her step-mom even after a few years now I still get a kick out of it. Anyways, If you ever feel ugly- go get your eyebrows waxed by Katie... she is seriously the best. I am coming here from now on to get my eyebrows waxed only by Katie though. The eyebrow wax was 10 bucks, not  bad.
4 This is my go-to spot for pedicures.  Its clean and professional.  Noone is trying to upsell me on products or SPA packages.  The water is nice and hot, without me asking.  The massage chairs are nice.  Its a fairly comfortable atmosphere.    My personal pedicurist is Kiera.  She does a great job with my pedicure; not to rough, not to soft handed.  She takes her time and speaks english well.  (Sorry, but sometimes, I don't understand what people are saying clearly).    I've tried other salons in San Tan Valley and Queen Creek...from Copper Basin area on Hunt Hwy to Ellsworth/Rittenhouse....and this salon is where I go because the price is worth the quality and everyone is professional in there.  I hate sitting in chairs that are all busted up and dirty....havent experienced that here.
4 These folks aren't always super friendly but they do some cool designs! You can pretty much pick any design you see on Pinterest and they can do it for you. I personally don't like to sit in silence while having my nails done but it happens here because the nail techs just aren't very chatty with customers.
5 First time coming. Have to say I was a little uncomfortable at first, but the owner Katie was incredibly friendly and weolcoming! Polite and courteous, she made me feel like I had been coming here for years! Overall amazing service! I will be back again, but with an appointment!
