1 I wrote Simon Med on 5/9/11 about an incident on 5/5/11.  As of 8/1/11, they never had the decency to respond.  Shame on Simon Med.  See most of the letter below.  On Thursday, May 5, 2011, at 7:00 a.m. I arrived at the Thunderbird location for a 2-view chest x-ray.  The staff was courteous and the process was simple.  My physician notified me by midday that the report faxed to her indicated a possible nodule and it was recommended that I return for additional x-rays.  My doctor faxed the proper documents to the Thunderbird location and I returned for the additional views at approximately 4:45 the same day.    Upon my arrival, the staff had no idea why I was there and stated that my doctor had not sent the necessary documents.  After further research, the staff noticed that the needed document was "locked" in the computer.  They proceeded to figure out what to do and finally decided to call Brianna who apparently was the individual who had locked the file.  The phone conversation eventually lead to a solution which then resulted in being able to get the x-ray.    The technician took me upstairs for the x-ray, told me I did not need to remove my shirt, only my bra.  I did so in the dressing room, had one x-ray taken and departed.    At 6:00 p.m. that same day, Lisa called me from the Thunderbird office and told me I would need to return for another x-ray.  I asked if there was something wrong, already concerned that I may potentially have a nodule.  She said it had to do with how the x-ray was taken.  She assured me that I could come in at 7:00 a.m. like I had done before and that I would be in and out in no time.    I arrived at 7:00 a.m. on Friday, May 6th.  Again, no one seemed to know why I was there and I needed to explain what had happened and what needed to happen.  I waited 30+ minutes before I was finally taken upstairs for x-rays.  The technician told me he could not read the notes so he did not know what x-rays to take.  He decided to take extras.  As best I can recall, he took 4 different x-rays.  He stated that my doctor would have the results within 3 hours.  I departed at 7:40.  Hardly an in-and-out process!  I arrived at my doctor's office at 4:30 that same day to review the results.  She had not yet received a fax of the findings from the Thunderbird location.  Her administrative assistant, Sara, called the Thunderbird location and was told that the information was not ready and did not need to be ready until 6:00 p.m. and there was nothing they could do to make it happen sooner.  By this time, I was deeply frustrated with all the nonsense.  I called the Thunderbird location at 4:40 p.m. and spoke with Danielle.  She seemed confused and I needed to retell the whole story again of what had happened.  She said my records indicated that I had the x-rays taken at 5:50 on May 6th which was ludicrous because it was only 4:40 p.m.  She put me on hold for a long time.  Finally, she said that my findings would be faxed to my doctor's office in a few minutes.  For clarity, I asked what she meant by a few minutes since I was tiring of all the miscommunications.  She assured me I would receive them by 5:00 p.m.  Completing the call at 4:49 p.m. we waited and waited.  The fax finally came at 5:06 p.m.    I was relieved to discover I did not have a nodule although I am still confused by the comment on the findings: "The density seen on the patient's earlier x-ray was probably caused by a summation shadow".  The word "probably" seems vague and still leaves me with concerns.  With all the nonsense I experienced, I find it difficult to trust the diagnosis.  Mostly, I am very concerned that I was exposed to excessive x-rays in a 24 hour period of time.    SimonMed claims below leave me wondering what went wrong!  "SimonMed Imaging, Inc. was established in 2003 by John Simon, M.D. Our mission is to give patients and referring physicians the most thorough and reliable radiology results possible, by employing advanced technology, international expertise, the latest research, and a dedication to customer service."  My physician has never had any problems with SimonMed before but her patients typically use the Desert Ridge location.  Could it be the Thunderbird location operates differently than the rest?    I would appreciate a response to this matter.  Due to the hardships of getting a simple, basic chest x-ray completed, I hope you will consider some kind of compensation.  Please feel free to contact me if you have any comments or questions.
3 Really frustrating experience because the CT machine broke so they had a backlog of patients.  As I had an appointment, it would have been a nice courtesy to give me a call.  I ended up waiting for nearly an extra hour.  That side, the technicians were extremely friendly.
1 They tell you they're running 20-30 minutes late but in reality it's an hour and a half - at least!!!!  Schedule an entire afternoon for the 20 minute service..   Plan the day like you going on a flight..bring music, lunch, movies, etc.. You'll still have time to do much before getting into your appointment here.  Extremely disappointed!
