5 THIS IS THE BEST ITALIAN PIZZA ive had so far!! its nothing like the regular delivery.. they have many specials. you call them and ask them for their specials and ofccourse they will tell you.. you can taste the oregano  in the cheese but its not overwhelming. I highly recommend this pizza.. this is what i usually get {{LG 14" pepperoni +12 wings + 2 sodas $14.50}}
5 best chicken wings ever!! mild sauce is spicy and delicious!!
5 Pizza Venice has, hands down, the best pizza in the Valley. In my mind, they've got the best bang for your buck with the XL three-topping pizza deal. Get that with the garlic crust, and you're buying pizza nirvana. It doesn't hurt that the owners are incredibly friendly. Why would I even consider ordering terrible chain pizza when I can get a great pizza for a great price from a locally owned business?
5 I live in the far west valley and every time I come into town I stop here. Great pizza! Give them your $, not the big pizza chains!
4 Awesome! The Cheese was sooo fresh and the anti pasta salad Very Good! Ask about the Specials, Save$$
4 Seriously Great Pizza and Wings.  It is not gourmet, nor is it supposed to be.  (That is why 4 instead of 5 stars)      It is delicious, fast and the folks there are friendly.  On my way now to get me some!
5 You wouldn't think the pizza was good by their hole in the wall restaurant. But the pizza is amazing.
4 This place is quite literally right around the corner from us so we decided to check it out. We got a ranch pizza, a 5 cheese pizza, and a side order of garlic cheese bread.  The ranch pizza was ok, nothing special. The cheese bread was good. The 5 cheese pizza was really good.  They were pretty busy when we went in but they were very nice. We've heard their chicken wings are amazing so we'll be trying those next.
4 Fantastic pizza and AMAZING wings! I  ran into this place at random online by asking Siri for places nearby that deliver food. I was a bit hesitant of ordering at first because I have no idea what this place looks like on the inside but I read all the positive reviews online and decided to take a chance. I am glad I took a chance because it is now one of my favorite pizza joints. Everything was supper fresh and gone from my family's table before I had a chance to take a photo. I am happy I live close enough to them to deliver and will definitely be ordering again soon! The only reason I am not giving them the 5 stars is because I don't know what it looks like on the inside.
5 Really great Pizza and Wings! Don't waste your money on the trashy chains. Try these guys, their local and they use fresh and real ingredients.
4 Great pizza, wings, and service! Fresh ingredients.  Do stay away from chains as this place is wonderful!!
4 We were in the mood for calzones - so we tried somewhere new - and were very happy!  I will DEFINITELY be returning to try the pizza next.  Not very expensive, and right down the street from me.  ONE NOTE: The sauce that comes with the calzone had meat in it - wasn't expecting that.  I've only ever had a calzone served with marinara.  I liked it.  My vegetarian other half, not so much.
1 No website link..so can't see a menu.  Called number during posted hours and no answer.
5 First time trying pizza from this place. It was a great deal to grab a large pizza, 24 wings, and two drinks for $22. The food was great and service was nice. The only con is the neighborhood that the restaurant is in. It was in a sketchy area with a few scary looking homeless people hanging outside the adjacent liquor store. Great product overall.
5 The pizza is very good here. I love the wings and the submarine sub. It's also affordable they have many specials. Next time I wanna try the pastas
