5 I don't usually both rating a fast food place.  But this was the nicest McDonald's I've seen in the US.  Nicest ever was McCafé in Brisbane where the waiter brings fresh chocolate croissants and espressos on fine china to your table.  So this isn''t the nicest ever but is still heads & shoulders above the others in town.  This location makes our local Starbucks look dumpy in comparison.  Check my photos.  Modern design throughout with a café lounging area, touch screen video game corner for the tykes, pub tables, high-backed booths for privacy, blown glass sculptures and a chandelier.   Didn't use the restroom but would hazard a guess it is probably gorgeous as well.  Double lane drive-through jammed up at evening rush hour makes for a busy bee kitchen.  Folks were hustling hard.  Gotthe kids meals quickly.   And the wraps were a bit better stuffed than some of the other locations that really gyp you if you order them with grilled chicken.  My only regret was forgetting to order a coffee while I was there.
1 The drive thru screws up my order EVERY time. When I then have to park and go in, no one even apologizes. I avoid this place.
1 I ordered the southern fried chicken sandwich from drive-thru, it came without ANY condiments on it.  Just a plain piece of chicken on a bun?  Come on guys, get it right
1 Ordered a egg on a muffin. It had cheese. Ordered a coffee. Sticky caramel all over the cup. Not cool for a drive thru. I had to ask for something to clean my hands so I could drive. Employees have serious attitude. I'll avoid this location which is a bummer because it's convenient. It's just not worth the hassle. Every time we've been here, they've messed up the order.
5 Just to be fair. Contrary to othet posts, we take our kids there many times because we live nearby. Both dining in and drive through. Never any problems. The deco is great, upscale looking. Kids love the free archade games.
3 Pretty nice as mcdonalds go. 4 is my standard review on a decent place. This one gets a 3 because of some drive-through mess ups. The biggest one was when I ordered a sausage and egg mcmuffin (and only that!) and instead got a bacon egg and cheese biscuit. Um...not the same thing, folks. Didn't realize until a few miles away when I got the chance to open it. Lame.
