5 I just had all the windows in my house replaced by K & J Windows in Phoenix. From initial phone call and then talking to Darin in their showroom, this company is top notch in customer service and professionalism. I was recommended the Simonton DaylightMax (7300) window and I am very happy with them. They are LoE energy efficient and should cut down on the A/C bill. The installation team did a great job in removing the old windows and installing the new ones, with great attention to detail and making sure the job was done right. I highly recommend K & J for your window needs.
5 Awesome window company. I shopped around and finally decided to pull the trigger with K&J. Darren (the owner) was a super nice guy. He took a sincere interest in my project, made some great recommendations, and his quote was considerably much lower than what many other companies wanted to charged me for the same windows. The whole transaction was super smooth. Everything was on time, and the installer got my windows done in 4 hours. By the way, I chose "Cascade" brand windows and they seem great. They look really good, in my opinion and although they're not the best windows ever they are still a massive improvement over the old steel casement windows I had before.
5 When we bought our house in 2010 we knew one of the things we'd need to do was replace ALL of the windows and the front door.  The old windows were ill fitted and not at all energy efficient.  We waited about a year and a half and then went in to K&J windows.    We met with Darren who was so knowledgeable and helpful.  Darren helped us figure out exactly what we needed without pressuring us to go with something additional.  He explained everything to us including the cost and helped us decide which windows we should go with.  Darren also helped us order our front door.  It's a gorgeous door and we are so happy with the result!    We ordered our windows and door -  they arrived quickly and were amazing.  Once installed they have made the biggest difference in our house and we could not be happier.  I will not hesitate to go back to K&J windows should I ever need another window.
5 Great experience from beginning to end.  The K & J crew were professional and courteous.  I would recommend them to anyone who needs their windows replaced.
5 For too many years we had been researching and getting quotes on replacement windows and 2 sliding doors for our 1986 built home. From our first phone call to Cody, initial March 26 meeting at our home with Darin, our unannounced visit to their Showroom, installer Chris's appointment to measure, and the installation in the heat on May 23 and 24, everyone was professional, helpful and knowledgeable. They worked around our schedule and they were always on time. Pinch me, all seemed to be too good to be true. In this case it was finally a reality, not a dream. Our family would not hesitate to recommend K&J Windows. Our Simonton DayLight Max windows and sliders have made our home much more comfortable. The sun used to shine through our original single pane aluminum frame windows and sear our skin.
5 When we decided it was time to replace the windows in our house we did research, first selecting a window brand, then identifying a company.  Research into K & J Windows on the internet and BBB gave us such a positive impression that we went into the store to look at windows.  Darin was knowledgeable and took time to answer all of our questions.  We had brought our window measurements, so while Darin reviewed the choices, Cody prepared a preliminary estimate.  This is a totally pressure free team who are great to work with.  Cody came to our house and measured the windows for our final estimate.  At every step they were available to answer any questions we had.  Our installer, Chris came to do the final measurement, and 11 days later (exactly on schedule) Chris and his team installed our windows.  They were careful taking out the old windows and the new windows are beautiful.  Every step of the way they put drop cloths  down inside and outside.  Everything was cleaned up and the windows were clean.   K & J Windows is truly a great company with the best team from initial visit to completion of the job.  We would not hesitate to recommend them as our experience was so exceptional.
5 A dreaded project of replacing windows turned out to be a great experience with  K & J Windows.  Sales, Showroom, Installation...every aspect of this major purchase was handled personally, professionally, knowledgeably, respectfully.  This is the way ALL businesses ought to operate because it makes for very happy, satisfied customers with nothing but good things to say when the job is done.  Thanks Everyone at K & J Windows!
5 We just purchased 5 windows from K&J and we are extremely happy with the quality of the window. K&J has excellent customer service and very knowledgable. Thanks Guys!!
5 My wife and I like a quality product, good prices, and exception service.  We had that experience with K&J Windows.  I took care of the economics.  My wife was and is the arbiter of style and appearance.  We had 3 vendors quote on replacing all of the windows in our 25 year old home.  Anderson, Sears and K&J.  Anderson and Sears presentations were similar and their prices were within 10%. Cody of K&J was a welcome exception to the other salespeople.  He took the information, and sent the proposal by email two days later. No pressure.  We had ALL of windows and a door replaced by K&J with a top of the line manufacturer for several thousand dollars less than Anderson/Sears quoted for doing HALF of the home.  Summary- Big difference in price, same quality, and an EXCEPTIONAL installation team.
5 I purchased 8 windows from K & J and they were installed in June.  Darren was most helpful in my selection and showed excellent knowledge of the product.  He also was able to help me out in finding service in other trades.  Cory, Darren, and all his staff were professional with no BS. Another major window outlet tried to pressure me into an immediate decision with a car sale tactic of a supposed discount that I would loose if I didn't make an decision that day, I told them that I had other bidders to see and made arrangements for a later bid after others.  They came in over $500 more for the same windows and when I told them so offered to beat any valid bid by $50.  I chose to deal with a company that had been honest and upfront from the start.  I am very pleased with my decision.
5 I had 3 other companies bid the job before talking to K&J and when they came out, there was just no comparison. Darin, Chris and the rest of the team were without question, the most knowledgeable and up-front company in the mix.   They take pride in their work and it shows. The job was completed on time and the 2 floor-to-ceiling windows and slider look amazing.   I'll be using K&J for any/all window and door work in the future. Thanks guys!
5 KJ windows came to installed a patio door and windows in our house. Great experience. I called four vendors and they all gave me the bids. I also did a lot of research on windows before I picked KJ windows. what I learned from my research is that the windows price can have a big range even with same energy rating and figure. We were quote about 100 per window to about 300 per window from different vendor and different window. It all depends on what you want. You get for what you pay for. The reason I picked KJ windows is they made me feel comfortable. The sale person Angela explain everything clear and no pressure from her. The installer Chris did a fantastic job on the windows and door. They left no mess behind and finish the job on time. I am very happy with my choice.
5 Spent about 3 weeks interviewing window company's from town. Had a good feeling after meeting with the owner, Darin and was able to get the pricing right for the 11 windows we replaced.   Install was great and Chris and his crew were professional and did a great job. The windows look great and hopefully they will make a difference with heating and cooling costs, as that would be a bonus. Will use them again when we change out more windows in the future.
5 Great Company and very fair pricing!!  Don't go anywhere else!!
5 Looked at several window companies when the time came to replace all my single pane windows and the 2 doors leading to the patio.  Darin came out measured, showed me some options and even made a suggestion for changing the configuration in the front bay window.  It was a large slider, flanked by 2 solid panes and Darin suggested making the large a solid pane with sliders on the sides.  Cost would be a little less and we'd have an unobstructed view.  He also came out a second time when my SO was available, which was much appreciated.  Chris came out for measuring and was the lead installer.  They arrived on-time, found & replaced some damaged wood, pointed out other areas of potential water issues, and finished the job on-time.  Job site was cleaned as were the new windows & doors, which came out beautiful.  So glad we took Darin's suggestion on changing the bay configuration; it's really awesome!   Thanks to all!
2 Not impressed.  When it comes to sourcing home repairs, I always consult yelp and the other place with the "K".  :)  And, I don't think I've been steered wrong yet! This place had such amazing reviews, I figured I couldn't miss.  But, miss I did.  :(  I called, and spoke to a very courteous guy (that's the reason they even get two stars).  I said I have a kitchen picture window that needed replacement.  He said the job was too small to send out an estimator, and told me to take pics and measurements, send them along, and they would reply with a quote.  Fine, I figured if they didn't need to see the window for a firm quote, it must be a very small project, and therefore, very small $$$ for me.  Yeah.  :)  I received the quote a few hours later, which was as promised.  However, price for the window replacement?  $3k.    Seriously?  $3k is a small enough job so they can't be bothered to even assess the project in person?   Business must be good.  lol  But, definitely didn't work for me.    Pity, because as I decided to have this one window done, I realized I had a few others that also had gotten moisture in the double pane, and I wanted them replaced as well.  Perhaps if they had the interest in coming out for my *tiny* $3,000.00 job, they could have sold me on the other windows as well.
5 K&J Windows did an outstanding job for us from start to finish for an older condo project where the views mean everything - so windows are critical.  Darin was thorough and informative on our options, and made the pricing right.  The install team had to take on some unique logistical challenges just to reach the hill-top location, and they made it happen with no issues - or extra $.  They finished in two days, and the results are amazing.  If you want a company that will invest their time and energy to make sure you are thrilled with your results - then make sure and talk to K&J windows from the start.
5 We were extremely impressed with the workmanship and service K & J Windows delivered.  Reasonable price, great staff and quality work.  Cody from sales was always available and responsive with our needs; installation team lead by Coby did an awesome job.  They were efficient and always cleaned up after themselves.  Team had to cramp 3 days work into 2 days due to delay of shipment; they work long hours to meet the promised deadline.  I highly recommend K&J Windows if you need window work; support our local vendors!!
5 After searching around review websites, I decided to get an estimate from K&J Windows.  They were the first business I spoke to; right away, I knew I didn't need to check into any others.  And, I was right!  They were easy to work with, and so professional.  This is a business that makes you feel important, right from the start.  No over-worked sales pitch - just honest, helpful information - clean and simple.  They did a fabulous job - were timely, clean, considerate, and made sure to follow up on our satisfaction.  Even the neighbors were impressed!  I highly recommend them.
5 This company was great.If your looking for a quality window supplier at a fair price and complete satisfaction, you need to check this business out. No pressure. Cody (General Manager) was very friendly and especially knowledgeable on the quality and features in their product line. Chris the lead installer did a pre measurement for four window replacements at the site. The final installed cost from Cody was very reasonable when we also considered this company had it's own installers, and we would be dealing directly with Cody on both any installation issues and any future manufacturer warranty conditions. At the time of installation, it was quite evident that Chris and Tim knew their craft, which resulted in a glitch free installation. They arrived and finished on-time, and cleaned up after themselves. We had a final walk-thru and everything was installed to our complete satisfaction. We have more windows  that need future replacement, and will definitely use this company at that time.
5 Tony came out and found a roof leak effecting my windows!!!  I fixed that first and had four HUGE windows replaced.  The location of the windows would have made any installer cringe--close to a hot tub and the other in a narrow alley way.  They never complained, were VERY clean in and out.  He said I would love the windows and I do!!  Seriously, they block the heat from coming in, do not allow the a/c from escaping, and dont require sun screens.  Totally worth it.  I am saving up to replace all the windows in the house now.
