5 Awesome one of, if not the best coinless laundromats in Phoenix area.
5 Always clean and friendly attendant . Lady is actually working and not away from her responsibilities like at other places.
4 I am in town on extended business and needed a place for a decent wash and fold.  Being a true Yelper I did a search near my hotel.  I was drawn to the Oasis for the previous three positive reviews.  The first impression of the laundry is not good, however as I have learned from Yelp, outside appearances can be deceiving.  The overall shopping center that it is located in, is rough in appearance.  The outside of the building has no signage at all to tell you that it is Oasis Laundry, the sign just says "Laundry", upon entering the facility, it was clean however.  Also a lack of signs inside to tell you this is Oasis.... I had to ask.... The attendant was present and very nice, she informed me that they do not really do a wash and fold service, but do accommodate when customers ask.  This threw me off a bit, as I am not looking for favors, just service.  But I went along...We talked further and agreed on a price, which was very low... in fact I said are you sure?  I have no soap...Then a new price was discussed.... Upon agreeing on the new but still low price, I left my clothes.  The attendant then used her personal cell to take my number in order to call me in 1.5 hours when it would be ready.  No ticket  or slip was given.  Promptly and to her word I got the call and my clothes were ready, neatly laundered and packed nicely in a bag.. However no receipt could be given, which means I will have a tough time putting  this expense down for business travel.  She was very nice and again, very accommodating.  However, I give only 4 stars as I feel that although I got great service, it was a bit outside the parameters of the business model that Oasis Laundry has set up.  They should establish some set pricing for wash and fold, as well as provide actual receipts.
4 Very clean. Lots of machines to choose from. Don't let the outside fool you. It may look rundown but the inside is much better. No coins. Machines and dryers operate via a card you charge at a card dispenser. You can recharge the card as many times as you'd like. You must use cash in order to charge the card.  The laundromat attendant is very nice and actively cleaning.
