5 Had a lovely "mini" facial with the "Ted Gibson" of estheticians, the beautiful and talented "Carvell". (Yes, like the ice cream store) She was delightfully gentle and thorough and knew exactly how and what products to use on my skin. Maaaah-velous!  Also, had a beautiful mani-pedi with Ashley. She was expeditious with the cleanup, laquering and drying so me & girlfriend could get on our way. Kudos! Polish looked fab even 2 days later (I didn't screw it up).  I'm a fan and will be back!
1 Screw this place.  I had a groupon for mani, pedi, and mini facial and I called to schedule it today (June 15) and she told me they are booked on weekends until August 6.  My groupon expires August 4 and she just said 'well, we're all booked, we can call if there's a cancellation."  The next weekday appointment they had wasn't until July 8.  Ridiculous!
1 This review should have been done months ago but I never got around to it until now. I had an appointment for a haircut and highlight job. As I was walking out the door 10 minutes before my appointment, I received a call saying they had to cancel my appointment because someone called in sick. I don't even think it was the person I had an appointment with but she was helping cover the other person's appointments. I have a two year old and had a babysitter at my house and I was walking out the door. I told the receptionist this but she didn't really seem to care. I even e-mailed the owner and told her what happened and I never even got the courtesy of a reply. TERRIBLE customer service that made me feel like I really didn't matter TWICE. No thank you. There are plenty of other salons out there then to deal with this....
4 I went for a mani/pedi with Ashley and she was fantastic. The mani/pedi lasted for days, and she was very friendly. My only gripe is that their groupons fill up quick that I had to save mine till the last 2 weeks before. Other than that, I'd probably go back.
4 I guess I'll be the first guy to post a review.  Granted, a cut is a lot less complicated than nails, perms, and whatever the heck else women get but man what a cut!  Brandie turned my ugly, much-needed-grooming mug into something you can look at without cringing!  It's hard to find a place, much less a stylist, that you like, but I will be going back here for sure, and definitely pay the premium to get something that looks good as opposed to going to Great Clips.
1 Hands down. The worst Mani/pedi I have ever had. Really old polish that never dried. Had to take it all off when I got home.
