5 Went in one day years ago just to look around on a Satuday to get out of the heat and show my boy the birdies.  Went back a few more times.  When it was time to buy a pet birdie for my son, we came back for here for sure!  Family owned and run.  They really love their birds.  Many different kinds of birds and a wide variety of extras for your pet.  All prices resonable.  Very knowledgeable about birds.  Friendly and willing to give lots of time to talk and help shop.  We bought a pretty yellow cocatiel baby and named her Lemon Chicken!
5 Awesome! Brought our jenday in for wing & toe clip.  They were extremely helpful, gentle and informative.  They have a great selection of bird toys, food, well, anything a bird needs!!  Will be back for regular supplies!
5 This store is 100% AMAZING. It is clean, neatly laid out, lots of friendly birds and the owner and his staff are absolutely wonderful!  I have a bit of a story on how I came to this place.  For Christmas my son decided he wanted a bird. A cockatiel to be exact. I went to another store in the valley. Nice people but it didn't specialize in birds. This was my first mistake. We picked out his bird the day after Christmas and he brought him home. It was not hand trained. This was my second mistake.  My son worked every single day with his bird. Reading to it, playing his clarinet to it etc, he was meticulous about the birds food/water/cage etc. After a month (so just recently) the bird would get on his hand and eat out of it. He was SO proud.  We found his bird dead in the cage Wednesday night (this bird I was told was less than 6 months old).  Needless to say he was pretty heart broken.  I called Birdz and Beyond. We had a long discussion about what happened, the environment the bird came from, and the bird was in at and how he was being cared for. Some times things happen and sadly there was not much we could have done to save our little friend.  My son decided he wanted to try again, and Birdz and Beyond just happened to have 8 week old hand trained cockatiels in stock, so off we went.  The owner was amazing, he took all the time in the world helping my son pick his new friend, explaining care, and picking out all of the new equipment we would need. (Didn't want to take chances with the old cage etc). He was able to tell him the birds birthday as well which is important to my son.  They decorated his new cage together, and my son was so excited to bring his new friend home.  I will go back here for supplies, grooming of the bird and they also do boarding if you need to be away from your friend.  He spent most of the evening last night cuddling with his little friend and making sure he was all tucked in and ready for bed.   I am going to be a regular at this place with absolutely no doubt, I may even buy a bird for myself.  If you have any bird needs, or you are looking to get a new little friend go here, I cannot rave enough!
5 I just attended this family owned shop. My wife and I took in our African grey named cocoa. From the first step we took in.  We were greated and felt very welcomed. Omar was nice enough to share his passion of birds with us. He helped us and educated us on our grey.  We are definitely becoming regulars  because he took the time to talk to us about our bird and not try to push us to buy anything.  Omar is great and birdz and beyond is a great family business.
5 We were looking to get my son a bird, and after visiting the "big box" stores, we found Birdz and Beyond. I am so happy we did. The store is clean, the cages are spotless, and the birds are very active compared to those at the "big box" stores. It is a family owned store and they are so knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. They helped us decide on the best bird for our son, and talked to us in great length about training and caring for the bird.  If I could give this store more stars, I would.
5 Always amazing customer service and very knowlegable staff. They even help me out with my critters who aren't birds. They know all kinds of stuff about exotics. Always a great selection of products too.
