5 What a gem!  The Chupale Pichon is $6 for a grilled footlong hotdog topped with grilled onions and red peppers, bacon, chili, and cheese, plus a side of fries and jalapenos.  Washed it down with alfalfa agua fresca.  Have you ever had Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans and wished there were real "grass" flavored candy in the world?  TA-DA!  :-D  The staff was super friendly and patient explaining what the menu items contain.  I'm a pretty worldly eater, but there were colorful treats I had never heard of - and I can't wait to go back and try them all.  My friends had the Tostilocos and loved it, but I'm not a fan of pickled pork.  I tried another friend's Cemita sandwich filled with carne asada, avocado, and melty cheese in a toasted sesame bun.  Their son had the $2 nachos and a Mexican Coke and was happy.  There were easily 50 people who came through while I sat in the corner with my laptop for a couple hours - mostly Mexican families getting ice cream and shaved ice.  It's out of the way for me, but I'll swing by any time I'm in the Northeast.
5 Woah man, fresh ice cream! Crazy flavors! Normal ones too! This place is the real deal. All their ice cream flavors are rich, complex, and utterly realistic.  Most of the ice cream names are in Spanish. They let you try before you buy. My favorite flavors are Chongos (idk what kind of tasty magic they put in it, but I'm under its spell), and the orange one. Don't remember what it's called but it's the orange one that doesn't taste fruity. I'm sure if you ask for that description they'll know what you mean. They also have rose flavored ice cream, with little bits of petals in it. Tastes just like they smell...rosey. Definitely an experience and a delicious one at that. This is my favorite ice cream place in the whole wide world.
5 This is another hidden gem in the Sunrise area, and now that I've been to every La Flor De Michoacan in town, I must say that this is my favorite one, because its a restaurant and ice cream shop in one! Not only do they offer Ice cream, sorbet, and agua fresca...  Pizza, Burgers, Chicken Wings, and Fries? They have those here...  Chicago Dogs, and Mexican style street dogs? They have these here too...  Salvadoran and Oaxacan specialities? They have these here too....  Smoothies, Frappes, and Boba Teas....BOBA TEAS!?!?!? Yup, they sell these too!  This location is clean and spacious, and you can even play Ms. Pac Man or watch TV here! Not only do they have all the flavors of the Charleston location, they have sweets and imported snacks from Mexico, and Chamoy sorbet, which is a tart sauce used on some of LFMs creations. Believe it or not, they even have a flavor named William Levy,(He's the one shmoozing poolside with the M&M, and a Dancing with the Stars finalist) after the "Latin Brad Pitt" LOL!!!! How's that for a unique flavor!?!? The Ice creams, sorbets and snacks offered here are so plentiful, you could seriously have a meal and dessert in one sitting, and not feel cramped up like the other locations.  I finally decided on my usual Pine Nut and Cajeta, and wifey got Pine Nut and Rice Pudding. Always a cool bonus with the free toppings. As we were enjoying our ice cream, one of the workers were nice enough to give us a sample of some Pastel de Queso(Mexican Cheesecake) which was dense, rich, and smooth. I can't wait to return to try their hot dogs, Oaxacan specialities, and of course, more ice cream!....ALOHA!!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(51/100) "Tricked Out Sweet Shop"
5 Yet again we have found another Flor location...Yipee for us! This place beats all other Flor stores in my opinion for the simple fact that they serve their typical yummy variations of ice creams and agua frescas as well as Mexican and South American dishes and this place has a nice size seating area with both tables and booths.   The service was also among the nicest I have encountered.  So attentive and helpful and as we were enjoying our ice cream a staff member or owner (couldn't tell) brought us a slice of their cheesecake asking us to sample it. Their menu both sweet and savory is extensive so bored we will not be anytime soon!
5 Wowza. This is a great Mexican neveria/restaurant that is so far from everything. Which is kind of ok with me, otherwise I would be in here every day.  My friend and I made the trek out here the other day and we were BLOWN AWAY with all the options of food and treats they offer. Besides like 20 rotating flavors of ice cream, they also offer about 8 different aguas frescas, paletas, and a ton of salty, spicy snacks. It literally took us half an hour to decide. I went for a scoop of mango and another of chamoy (chamoy is a sauce made from pickeld fruits, with salt and chile. Mexicans use it with everything, mango, cucumber, shaved ice, etc.)   Do yourself a favor and try the chamoy, it is unbelievable! Usually when confronted with so many choices, my brain shuts down and I always end up getting the same thing. My friend got the chamango which was very good and we shared a cup of corn, which was just ok.   I will be back, no doubt about it. Probably buying a liter of chamoy ice cream.
5 Back again, this time to try their savory items (and more ice cream of course!)  We were intrigued by the Tlayuda, a Oaxacan speciallity that looked like a pizza-Baked tortilla, black beans, cheese, onion lettuce, tomato, and avocado topped with a piece of carne asada, and chorizo. We also wanted to try one of their Hot Dogs. They had a Chicago style one, one called the Titanic, and another one called Chupale Pichon which means(according to the urban dictionary) "Suck my d**k"...Now why would you name it that when kids come in here too? Kinda awkward if a kid asks his parent for that!?!? Oh well...  Of the two items we got, the Titanic Hot Dog was the better one with bacon, onions, avocado, and sour cream. I'd probably get this again.The Tlayuda had good taste, but the tortilla had a stale texture instead of a nice crunch I was expecting. Not something I'd order again. Our ice cream treats kinda made up for it in the end...whew!   ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(78/100) "Street Dogs and Sweets"
5 One of the most amazing places I've ever been to. Home made/artisinal style ice cream made with fresh ingredients. Their fresh aguas are made daily. A true hidden gem.
5 Just went in with my husband and kids. Very busy place. Waited in line for about 20 mins. Never seen it this busy. So many things to eat. Love coming here. I got the Fresas con crema, very good. My daughter got the banana split with the gansito ice cream. Very good taste just like a gansito. My husband and I split a titanic hot dog with fries. Very good. Next time were trying the chupale pichon. I wish they would lower their prices though. Very pricey  :(
1 The idea of this place is great, Mexican based ice cream shop. I was bothered by how much of a dirty environment it is. The tables to sit at were all covered with filth, employees did not follow basic health regulations, and there was hair in the food that I ordered. Not just a single strand of hair, a good amount for me to be upset about. I don't usually have a problem with such things, but this place disgusted me.
5 The food is amazing , as well as their flavored waters , not to mention the friendliest staff , I've encountered . They're very helpful & courteous from the moment you walk in . Definitely a family environment, I highly recommend it !
5 We would like to let our customers know that we are holding an event on June 29th to benefit The Nevada Childhood Cancer Foundation. From 4-8 pm we will be donating 50% of our profits to this wonderful foundation. Tell your friends & family to come out & support this great cause ! Hope to see you here , thank you !
4 If you want to try new flavors or stick with classics this is a great spot for homemade ice cream. The Mexican inspired ice cream is homemade on site. I love sampling the unique flavors. The ice cream is the perfect style of creamy texture and flavor. The staff are friendly but not all speak fluent English so getting translation of ingredients can be little tricky sometimes. There is frequently a line but generally it goes quickly. The food is ok but I would recommend going next door to Mama Marias if you want dinner and eating here for dessert! I would give the ice cream five stars, I took off due to cleanliness and food. The floors are frequently dirty and they generally can't keep up with cleaning the tables on busy nights. Both are due to heavy traffic. Overall, I highly recommend as a great homemade, unique ice cream shop. My whole family loves it. Would be a great stop on the way back from the Lake Mead.
5 This place is perfect for all those with a huge sweet tooth. They have a wide variety of creative Mexican ice cream, ice cream bars, brownies, funnel cake which they call funny cake and they even have good food. The price isn't too bad and im sure you will enjoy it. For those that like spicy treats they sell diablitos which are mango snow cone with chili and chamoy. YUM!!!!
5 Love this place so yummy n very good service and clean love taking my family here and friends !!!!!
4 I finally got to try the infamous chamango! I was a little nervous because I thought there might be a little but chamoy and I wouldn't be able to eat it, but that was def not the case. I took the first bite of the mango and it was delicious! To be on the safe side I got it with mango ice cream. It was a delicious dessert I would def come back for!  Another plus? The service is super friendly! Good food and a good atmosphere, they def know what they're doing!
5 This place is awesome.  My husband loves the Hawaiian bannana split.  My daughetr loves the chamango and I love their pupusas and drinks especially the alfalfa and strawberry and cream one.  They have icecreams such as Rose flavored, gansito, tamarindo and many others.  Anyting here is good.
4 Mostly icream and other sweets but they have some dinner plates and specialty hotdogs!   Tonight I got two scoops of ice cream, Rose petal and eggnog! The rose petal smelled like roses, was pink and had small bits of rose petals! Small bites was really good but big bites, was slightly soapy tasting.   The egg nog was very good! Small raisins and had a rich creamy taste, would get this one again.   Very easy menu order by site or if you read spanish, but if not staff very good at helping you understand whats what!
5 I always come to this store for their rose ice cream, its so good and it has a floral scent and taste of roses, i always get it when its available. They have many flavors of ice cream and they always let you try them before you buy the ice cream. They have a friendly staff and a large variety of foods and desserts to try. if you are in this area you should check this place out.
5 BEST ice cream in town!! Delicious Banana Split and Tostilocos! Great experience overall. Very friendly staff! Definitely will drive 10 miles again and again! Hope they have fried ice cream next time!
2 I had been coming here for years for their ice cream and aguas fresas. This year I stopped going because every time I go and order a chamango they give me the least appetizing bright green mangos. Last time I went I ordered 5 ( for my family) and had to throw all of them out because they were too gross to eat. The ice cream is still great but not enough to bring me back.
1 Segun de Michoacan y tienen pura comida Salvadorena esas son mensadas deverian d acer Mexicana
1 I will not be going here ever again.
5 First stuff yourself next door at Momma Maria's With the best chili Verde in LV. Then take a swim in any ice cream concoction they have a picture of. It's all good! !
5 They have the best chamangos in Las Vegas! I've tried them in a few other spots and they are no where near as good! I tried them here and I was surprised how good they were! Everything I've tried I've liked!
