1 Enterprise should be embarrassed to have their name on this location.  We arrived the Westin on foot and found Enterprise tucked in a dingy little corner. We were greeted by a young lady who was really sick. She could barely talk and kept coughing. She pulled my reservation up, and said she would have a guy go get our car. I was under the impression that was going to happen immediately, but after a couple minutes of patiently waiting I asked the young lady if it normally took this long. She informed me it would be about 10 or 15 minutes. I figured that meant our car was being cleaned. I was wrong again. Ten minutes later, we were escorted outside to a car that looked as if the Taliban used it to escape the US Marines in Kandahar. It was covered in dust inside and out. To make it even worse, it only had 3/8 of a tank of fuel inside and the automatic door locks didn't work.  The sick attendant got kind of moody about my decision to decline Enterprise's insurance coverage too. I still have no idea what took so long to get us in the car that morning. I'm glad we didn't wait to be picked up at our hotel, we'd probably still be there.  If it weren't for good service I have received from every other Enterprise location I've used, I'd never rent from them again based on this experience.
1 Reserved a car, but when I got there, they had none available!!! Employees were rude and spoke poorly of customers in the open! Great way to do business!
4 Easy to find. Its inside Westin hotel and casino. Got an upgrade for free on a tuesday. Nick was courteous and we were in and out in 5 mins. When we returned the car $10 was waived because they did not have anyone to drop us off. Easy transaction. No fuss.
1 Do not use this location, or Enterprise in general. I rented a one-way rental from SLC to Las Vegas and dropped the car off here to find out that there were "bolts" missing from the front bumper and no visible damage to the car -- so how could this be my fault? I was told by the employee that when renting one-way, Enterprise locations will send their damaged vehicles so that the other location has to cover the costs to fix the vehicle. The manager acknowledged that the missing bolts were a known defect on the Hyuandai that I rented and they fix them all the time so I was not being held responsible. Fast forward 2 weeks later and I receive a letter in the mail stating they are pursuing damages because "their guy" found other parts missing from the vehicle. Really?? Why would I get under my rental car and remove parts?! This is clearly a situation of terrible/shady business practices and they are trying to pin the repair costs on their customers. Again, do not rent from this company!
2 I needed to leave Las Vegas earlier than the rest of my group so I reserved a car at Enterprise in the Westin. I also reserved an 11 a.m. pickup at Harrah's hotel. I called at 9 a.m. and again at 10:30 a.m. just to make sure that everything was on track for my pickup and that I was waiting in the right place. They confirmed that they saw my reservation. 11:00, then 11:30 rolled around, and still no Enterprise car to pick me up. I called Enterprise and they literally said "we can't get a hold of the driver we have no idea where he is." I was dumbfounded. They told me to take a cab and they'd reimburse me. So after then standing in the 30-minute-long cab line, I finally got to Enterprise and stood in yet another 30 minute-long line. It is now 12:30, an hour and a half after  I was supposed to be picked up. Their computers had "gone down" and so they had to process everyone by hand which took forever. I finally got up to my turn and they had no record of my reservation, even though I had called at 10:30 and they had seen my reservation right there. I was so upset. Better yet, they asked ME how much my reservation had said the total amount of $$ it would be. I would be giving Enterprise 1 star if it wasn't for Macon, an awesome employee who felt sorry for me and helped me out as best as she could. She reimbursed me for the cab, and she gave me 10% off my total for all the trouble. She also gave me a free upgraded car. Can't guarantee that I'll get Macon again so I will definitely NOT be taking the chance and returning here again. Avoid all the trouble and stress and rent from somewhere else - or arrange your own ride to Enterprise.
1 Contacted them by email prior to our trip. Ended up reserving with them. We called the day before asking if it was possible for them to pick us up at 4:30, in order for us to go get the car. They said no problem, that they would pick us up at the front of the Bellagio at 4:30. 4:45 rolled-around and still no Enterprise. We called the company 4 times from the valet, and each time no one answered. The phone would ring and then transfer us to another branch who, like this branch, did not answer. It was the most frustrating situation, especially because we needed the car. Lucky for us, the Bellagio service is amazing. They apologized on behalf of Enterprise (who are not even affiliated with them) and said this type of stuff should never happen. However, they also said they were not surprised to hear this about Enterprise, and that it wasn't the first time they have guests in a similar situation. They directed us to Avis, and the guy was outstanding. He only had one car left, the Mustang. Aware that we were in a tough position and young, he could have easily burnt us and made us pay. Instead, he apologized for Enterprise and then proceeded to offer us an amazing deal. So thank goodness for Avis. As for Enterprise, I won't even consider using them again.
