5 I did the grand canyon tour by getting a amazing deal on Groupon and let me say it was the best thing we did . Everyone on the tour from booking staff to bus driver were so friendly and helpful and very knowledgeable it was great I would recommend this company to anyone . they were prompt to pick us up and there times were legit if they said 930 you will be at your hotel well 930 you were getting of the bus at your hotel . they provided lunch and snacks for the grand canyon and they knew so much which is a good thing the bus drivers mad the full day tour every fun and not boring and it didn't even feel like were on a tour for so long . we got to stop in Arizona for a snack and pit stop . they take you thru the local towns so you can see it which is nice very scenic route
1 Every year that I visit Las Vegas, I treat myself to a little adventure on one of the days that my husband is busy with his conference.   I've always wanted to visit the Grand Canyon, but my husband wasn't so keen on the idea and found the idea boring. "It's a big hole," was his comment. Pshaw!    I had no interest in driving that far out in the desert by myself, so one day I found Grand Canyon Tour and Travel offering a Groupon for a deeply discounted bus tour to the "big hole" and back. The tour also included a buffet lunch about halfway there.   My tour guide was Lucius, and he left much to be desired in a tour guide. He is among the least accommodating people I've ever met in a 'customer service' job. We were assigned seats on the bus upon boarding, which felt a bit like elementary school, but I suppose it's so that he can better keep up with who is missing between stops. One couple asked to sit in one of the available sets of seats close to the front, and Lucius quickly replied with a harsh, "NO!" Then promptly gave the set of seats to the next couple who boarded.   Lucius's tour was dry and scripted on the way to the Canyon and included a couple of informational videos that were a nice change from hearing his bored speech. Lucius told us that he was retired military, so I assume that explains his brash attitude toward us, his "soldiers".   The actual visit to the Grand Canyon was spectacular and definitely worth the trip. We were allowed plenty of time to see the sights from two different locations on the South Rim.   The trip back was hot and tiring. I know several people had asked for the AC to be turned up, but either Lucius didn't like that idea or the AC wasn't working. By the time we arrived back in Vegas, my head hurt so bad from the heat and just being on that bus all day, that I got off the bus way ahead of my hotel stop just so that I could GET OFF THAT BUS! I walked about 2 miles back to my hotel room, and what a relief it was!   I'm 100% sure that I won't be taking another long bus trip like that again. In the end, I think a trip by myself or bribing my husband or a friend to go with me is well worth any money saved by taking a tour like this.
3 I recently did the Grand Canyon Tour with the wife and some friends.  After procrastinating as long as I could, I finally placed a call on a Friday afternoon for a Saturday tour (I know, I know, not smart).  Ended up talking to a young lady named Laura.  I must say, for getting a cold call for a tour the next morning, she was utterly fantastic.  I wanted to do the deluxe tour, which included transportation, the actual GC tour, and lunch.  All this without having received confirmation from my bud that HE actually wanted to do this.  Laura was cool enough to pencil me in, and was very patient through the entire process.  She even gave me her direct extension to give her a shout after I finally figured out what we (as a group) were doing.  I called back about 20 minutes later and did the deal....and was glad I did.  The bus arrived to pick us up at the Wynn pretty much on schedule.  This was a "feeder", taking us to Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile Shops to parse out the paperwork on all the tour customers, get them on the right bus with the right tour tags, etc.  This took about 20 minutes, and we were off to the GC!  The bus guide was relatively (in a corny way) entertaining...but definitely made the 50+ minute trip seem shorter.  Once we pulled into the new visitors center/bus parking, we started the regular GC tour (see separate review).  Upon our return, we were off to the mandatory stop at Ethel M Chocolates (methinks they pay serious bank to ALL the bus tour companies to stop here).  We then got the first shocker....this is more of a heads up then anything else.  The bus driver was responsible for taking each customer back to his/her hotel.  We're talking a standard touring bus, so you can imagine the potential for watching the day slip away dropping off patrons across LV (with those wonderful 20 minute traffic lights...ok, maybe not, but sure seems that way).  Luckily for us, we'd done the Deluxe package, so we were the 2nd stop (whew!).  Ok, 2nd shocker - buying the Deluxe package does indeed get you lunch, to some degree.  It gives you, in reality, a $10 credit good at any restaurant in the Miracle Mile Shops.  Yeah, you MIGHT be able to eat for $10 each, but good luck.   Oh...wait...that's not the shocker...the real shocker is that said lunch is WELL after 3pm.  Just another heads up.  Said Deluxe package also included taxi vouchers to get us back to our hotel.  This, alas, was the final shocker, which took this review from a five star to a three - said voucher is through Whittlesea Cab - a cab company that is (from what we saw in 15 minutes of looking), nonexistent at the taxi stand at MMS.  We talked to every taxi company that pulled up, NONE would take the voucher.s.  We called the # on the vouchers, where we were informed that "we don't dispatch cabs for vouchers.  You can either wait for one of our cabs, or just pay to get back".  Nice.  In this case, another company directly impacted the review - too bad for GC Tours, but at the end of the day, they're the ones who sold the Deluxe Package, so own the score.  I definitely recommend them, but not the Deluxe Package (for obvious reasons).  And do be aware of the realities of the end of the day drop-off.  Logistically not a whole lot you can do about it, but that doesn't change the suck factor.
5 With an online special, a ticket that would originally would cost you $180 was dropped down to about $85. There's a shuttle that picks you up at the crack of dawn in front of your hotel, and whisks you around at other hotel spots before landing at the desk where you need to validate your confirmation and receive your tickets.  You get a breakfast voucher for a 'snack' - basically, either donuts or a Poptart and a bottle of water or apple juice.  You get a colored sticker to put on your chest and are shooed into the big charter buses.  The buses were okay - our driver was quite funny so it was enjoyable - movies and documentaries were playing throughout our ride, so you're kept entertained. There was a rest stop as well as a few souvenir stops along the way.  I had the chance to see the Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon (South Rim).  Absolutely majestic.  About 20 minutes were given at the Dam and an hour at the Canyon - more than enough time to get your pictures in.  The lunch buffet was quite nice - I loved their chicken.  There was some scalloped potatoes, carrot cake, rolls, some pasta and a salad bar.  Definitely a day you should put aside to take this tour.
1 I booked this thru the online website of Paradise Found Tours which links to Grand Canyon Tour & Travel for $80 a person for the South Rim bus tour.  You can have them drop you off and pick you up on another day but that would require you purchasing 2 tickets. We got picked up on a smaller bus and taken to planet hollywood to check in and get our bottle of water, coffee and small danish for breakfast. Our bus driver Earl was very rude and not at all friendly.  He determines who gets to sit where and was the bus Nazi.  I understand we are on a time crunch but he could have been more nice or bring on a tour guide that would be nice. 1st stop was at hoover dam for a 10 min break and picture taking opt. 2nd stop was at a truck stop with a Subways in Kingman City. 3rd stop was a buffet lunch.  They sat us with another set of people so we would fill up the table of 4. Then we got to the Grand Canyon and made 2 stop was at two view points.  Each stop we were given 1 hour and was threaten they would leave us if we are not back.  They left 2 people at the first stop.  He dropped us off at the 2nd stop and went back to get the people left behind. At lunch he was yelling at a single international guy that probably did not understand him very well.  They were missing 2 people and the guy walked on the bus by himself.  He was yelled off the bus to find his friend.  Then another girl on the bus spoke up that her friend was not there and then the guy was let on the bus.  Then the bus driver yelled at the lady for being late and told her to stick to her friend from now on. Very rude bus driver.  We did not get the 3 hours as promised on the website.  It said we get picked up later than other tour companies but they made us wait at the stop at 5:45 but didn't pick us up until 6:10am.  Then we went to pick up a bus full of people from other places.  At the end, even though we passed by downtown Fremont they did not let us get off first and dropped us off last again.   Over 10 hours trip to see the grand canyon for 2 hours and have a rude driver, don't do it.  Find a better company without the false advertisements.
