1 You sneaky little bastards you. I curse your existence.  I get home yesterday to find one of many credit card offers from what I though was capital one credit card.  I always get offers from them so I figure why not finally get a card from them.   I call in to a automated system, plug in all my info and right as I hang up I look at the credit card promotional offer paper I got in the main and I noticed that it's not Capital One, rather it's Credit One.  You pieces of donkey feces.  Their logo looks identical to that of Capital One, which I'm sure was done on purpose. I immediately try to call back to cancel my application, but it was impossible to get an actual person to talk to, no matter how many times you pressed 0!  Finally I googled them to find another phone number and after struggling with the machine again I got to a operator after a 20 minute wait.  It was some foreign lady with a hard accent and could not understand me. I had to repeat everything about 5 times  Finally she understood me and canceled my application (at least I hope she did).   Sly bastards.
1 I forgot to mention that I when I accidentally signed up (because I thought they were capital one) they also sent me a $75 bill, for no reason! Before I even got the card (not that I wanted the card).   Jerks, I hope this crappy company goes out of business.
4 They're okay.  I get to pay my bills online so I'm a fan.
1 Fees! Fees! Fees! Don't sign up for this card. They will charge you a fee for opening the card. They will charge you a fee for authorized user. They will charge you a fee for the "premium design" of the card itself. And, they will charge you a fee to pay the fees online! I would give them zero stars if I could!
1 For starters, why are six very valid complaints filtered?  Maybe this one will get filtered too.  I love how they show their physical location on the map as being at the airport.  I wish I had read these reviews before I signed up.  Their latest stunt was to charge me a monthly fee that pushed me over my paltry limit by $1.17 and they sent an "overlimit" to my credit report.  Nice!  I'm trying to rebuild my credit and they are going to do more damage.  I just moved too, and I'm afraid to put in a change of address!  Closingthis account ASAP.
1 Worst Credit Card I've owned to date. Seriously no matter what situation you are in you are better off not working with this bank.  Signed up got hit with a hidden $75 fee right off the bat. Hidden fees EVERYWHERE. They take the notion of getting "big banked" to a new level.   Made an online payment 3 days late for double the minimum payment.  I thought i was paying a payment and a late fee. Turns out I was making one for the payment I missed and one for the payment not due for 27 days.I get calls days later saying I need to pay more money as I made two payments toward my card and no payment toward late fee. I ask can you just move the payment not due for 27 days to the late fee and I'll make another payment before it is due. Them - "Sir our system doesn't do that. We are trying to help you out today. Don't you see all the help we are offering. Now I need your debit card to charge the late fee to"   Mind boggling. Easily the worst, most aggressive horrifying card I've owned to date.
5 I am giving this card 5 stars because I read all the other reviews and am surprised by how many people are mad that they signed up for a card without reading all the info first! You THOUGHT it was Capital One? That's your fault right there! You're giving all your personal info to these people, maybe you should know who is receiving it. I knew I was paying a $75 fee for signing up, they just took it out of my credit and I paid it (in full!) on my first bill. Sure, no one reads all the terms and conditions on everything they sign up for, but you read the first damn page with all the info and the NAME of the company. I have received no surprise fees (as of yet, of course), I try to pay my card in full when it is due (except this last time, I paid half), and I use the plain grey card they sent me because paying extra to have a picture of my dogs face on the card just didn't seem worth it!
1 One of the worst customer service ever. I've had my card for over 5 years. I've been past due on the payment date, but never delinquent (30 days past due). I appreciate reminder phone calls but their customer service is out sourced to India. I received a reminder call recently from a male person who obviously spoken English as a second language, was extremely rude and condescending. He was literally interrogating me on why I hadn't paid my bill. When I asked to speak to a supervisor, the supervisor wasn't even sure what credit card they were calling about. I tried to call the next day and couldn't talk to anyone in the U.S., even when I asked for the collections department. I have a small balance so this will be paid in full and I may only keep it for my credit history and emergencies. P.S. Do they pick their names out of a hat? Jennifer. Really!  BTW, Capital One's customer service is excellent!
1 I had this card for about two years, just paid it off.  Not recommended as this card is designed to make money off persons who have bad credit, so they can hit you with fees.  I don't like the outsourcing customer service outside of US, when there is adequate talent pool in Las Vegas looking for work.  I asked the US customer rep to talk to CEO about this, she said write him, I asked for his email, she said no, I need to write a letter, who the heck writes letters anymore??
1 This credit bank is a scam based pariah!  First I received an unsolicited credit card in the mail.  I chose NOT to "activate" because I did NOT apply.  After one week, I received BILL for $75.00 as an annual fee!  When I called this "bank" to state this information and asked for PROOF of an application, I was promptly disconnected.  BEWARE!  This is possibly aimed at the elderly who would not notice details but would rather simply pay.
1 Absolute scam. Preys on ignorant consumers. These people should be thrown in jail.
1 I only wish I had read the review first on this company.  Sadly I was also hit with a lot of "hidden" fees and it was all in the fine print supposedly.  They hit you with a $75 annual fee and a fee for which type of card print you want.  When I called to request that the fees be credited or rescinded the girl (in India) said there wasn't anything she could do but deduct $25.  I said I still would like to cancel the account and she said that's fine but never deducted the fees she initially gave me since I'm now cancelling the account.  A complete nightmare and poor business practices of this company.   Awful...do no get suckered in to doing business with these people.
1 $100 in fees in less than a month and I haven't even used the card!!! RUN RUN RUN! I'll agree...easily the worst card ever! But at some point the US Government will get a hold of their scam and they will be shut down.  I have had the card less than a month and will pay the $100+ balance and close it out just to save the grief! Should have seen the HUGE red flag when they called and called for me to actually activate my card! Just read our warning and learn from our mistakes.  I'm shocked they have gotten away with it for so long, but it's only a matter of time.  I'll be filing my case with BBB and spreading the word. All we can do is do the same and try to help others from making the same mistake. And to Credit One Bank, enjoy the ride cause your days are numbered!
5 Im with Kimberly B...this is a card for people rebuilding credit.  Mine got tanked due to a divorce.  I have been rebuilding, and started with a $300 limit, and it is now at $1250.  I do not carry a balance, ever.  If you need to carry a balance, then you haven't learned your lesson that got us all to this type of a card in the first place.  It you are a day late, you haven't learned your lesson either. A day late is a  day late. You can sign up to get reminders to pay a week in advance.  Also, it is NOT A HIDDEN $75 fee.  It isn't hidden!  It's clearly disclosed, along with the $8.95 monthly fee.  People who place blame where it doesn't belong aren't going to take responsibility for getting their credit back in order.  Get over it.  It's a card to rebuild credit...you are going to pay for the privlege of doing so.  I will probably keep it awhile longer, as length of time you have an account open adds to your score too.  Educate yourselves people. Stop blaming the company for being a business and take your finances into your own hands.
1 After being approved, I was mailed the card. Minimum limit, although I have other cards. Initially, I thought it was a Capital One invitation. Had I realized it was not, I would have further researched this company and passed. I did not receive a statement. Called the number and was told I would be charged an additional $9.95 to make payment. I did not approve that. I would wait and mail a check...they were going to cut the PAYMENT FEE in half...again, NO thank you. They waived the fee. Then the rep insisted, said we were GOING TO UP my payment by $25.00. Um, NO. I'm making more than your minimum, I've NEVER been harassed by any company to UP my payment amount...the first rep then handed me off to a Customer Service Specialist...WHY? I don't know....AFTER another few minutes, he passed me off to Customer Service Rep THREE, who ONCE AGAIN, tried to INSIST I UP my payment. I have been on the phone and wasted more than 25 minutes just to make a simple payment. No thanks. There are PLENTY OF GOOD companies that will assist you in rebuilding your credit, Victorias Secret is one, and they are great to deal with. They offered me my first card following my divorce...!  And it looks pretty good on me, I would say give it a go! In my personal opion, I would say... Think twice about this company.  If you can afford all their FEES, put your money away and get a prepaid credit card from your bank. It's YOUR money AND you can rebuild your credit, with NO OUTRAGEOUS FEES!! Their fees are VERY HIGH...there are other cards with more moderate fees, better customer service and reputation. Customer service is contracted in India, ( not a bad thing, but come on, if your an American Company. Outsourcing customer service is pretty low. Even DirecTV discontinued outsourcing after years of problems and complaints. Reps are hard to understand, and that's just a fact, not an opinion. I'm not calling this out as a bias, I had to ask a few times to have something repeated. There was never once in MY conversation a "thank you, excuse me, or how can I help you...?" that goes a long way with ME. Unpleasant to deal with, and take A LOT of your time...(how much are YOU WORTH an hour),  and a hard sell to increase your payment...  For me, NO THANKS. I will not use this card any longer. Thanks, but no thanks. - Feb 09, 2014
1 This is honestly the WORST card I have ever owned. I pay more than the minimum payment and my balance NEVER seems to go down. I called their customer service and can never get a straight answer. Their customer service department is BY FAR THE RUDEST customer service I have ever dealt with. I cut up my card as I did my other credit cards.. so I went on to make my payment and I was for some reason locked out. I could not reset my password because I dont have my CC. I called customer service and this stupid indian lady kept telling me she would mail me a pin. I could NOT for the life of me make her understand I wanted my password reset. For about 5 minutes this went on until I said "can i please speak to someone who knows what they are doing" she YELLED back at me that she KNOWS what she is doing. I said I would like to speak to a supervisor.. she said "may I ask what this is in regards to" UM DUH! I said I dont want to talk to you anymore. She kept me on hold for 7 minutes and her attitude was alot nicer when she came back on. She FINALLY figured out I wanted my PASSWORD reset and goes öh no sorry I am not able to do that. I thought you wanted a new pin because your CC wouldnt work.. WOW I told her 4 times throughout the call that I CUT UP my card. I had missed a payment by 1 day and I called customer service and asked if they could reverse the 25 fee..this dude proceeds to give me a lecture about how I need to learn to pay my bills on time. I told him it was an accident and he said "there are no excuses man, we will not do this for you again" NICE CUSTOMER SERVICE DUDE!!!  RUN! THIS CARD IS NOT WORTH IT!!! THE FRUSTRATION OF DEALING WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE.
1 I am on hold with customer service again and this is my first payment. I only got this card for my sons use. I simply opened a letter with a Credit Card offer and logged in and the card was sent. I am not complaining about the fee because that was my mistake but after the first month of usage I started receiving phone calls from East Indians who you can hardly understand asking me for payments over the phone which I NEVER do. So I came home attempted to log into my account but couldn't so I called on a Saturday "closed". Called Monday and asked about my problems with logging on and was told that my account was locked because my account was temporarily closed because I didn't make my payment.  Ok, first I was never sent a statement. I was not at 30 days since first use of card. I couldn't access to make a payment. I couldn't reach anyone on a weekend to discuss payment options.  Now this brings me to this current time as I am typing this... I am still on hold after making a payment over the phone and being transferred to the (couldn't understand what they said department) but I was hoping to speak to someone that could help with login issues. Anyways another East Indian tells me that I can't access my account until I provide verification from my bank? I asked for what and he replied to open my account again. I said I don't understand I need to access my account to make payments, watch activity, etc. Again, you need to send verification from your bank that you made a payment. Again, I said "huh", I just made an over the phone payment when that payment clears will my account unlock so I can access my account online? He said not until you mail in your verification from the bank.   So here is the good part, OK I want to close my account! He says it's already closed! I asked so do you mean to tell me I have no further action to close my account permanently? No, it's closed. I am waiting to speak to a supervisor 33 mins and still holding.  All in all this is one of those cards that will fee you to death and at any point that you use it they will not send statements, lock you out of your account and charge you a $9.95 fee for overt the phone payment. RUN, RUN, RUN as people say.   Close your account and stop the bleeding. Ok, 36 mins in and the call was disconnected.   I am going to talk to a supervisor and ensure the account is closed at my request and follow through in a couple of weeks. The rough part is I can't go online to ensure the account was closed, you can't trust the people you talk with...... I guess I will have to purchase some type of credit monitoring to ensure they didn't add some type of fee to close my account for which they will send you no statement, no email for this fee that could potentially damage your credit for nonpayment of something you knew nothing about..
1 scam!!!! scam!!! scam!!!!  do notttt get this card! i have had many credit cards in my life including gold amex business and personal.. we developed credit issues because of medical bills. we ended up in bankruptcy. after a time we were working on rebuilding credit. i received a capital 1 account.... i worked on good payment history. soon, i received another offer. credit 1.....  horrific experience!!!  when i activated card is when a fee was assessed... then on top of high interest there is a large fee if you lose card and if you call to make phone payment it is a $9.95 fee to do this by phone - the problem is it's all scams to cause more fees, fees and more fees. so, i called to make payment to pay off account. i paid and asked over and over if all fees and everything were paid off.  i was then shipped over to a guy trying to keep me. i explained my position and said i wanted  to pay and close account... he says ok.. he processed my payment and said all was paid....     i was getting a weird gut feeling that things were not right. i decided to call about a month later... the guy says i have a balance of $10.  -----  and there was a $9.95 charge to pay my balance... they  seem to be in control of your credit and extort people and drag them into web of deciept and supper feeeeeeeeeeees!!! i am now forced to file complaint with gov. please take extreme caution!!!!
1 Don't open an account with this company. You will regret it I promise. I spent many calls and wrote letters to customer service and to two execs with the company and received no responses. Their Facebook page won't allow any posts which I am sure is to prevent customers from commenting on the extremely poor service. I made multiple calls over the last two months and continue to get transferred from caller to caller including those that speak very little English. On the last call, they disconnected my call after being on about 40 minutes with various customer service representatives.   The problem resulted from Credit One processing a payment much later than it should have been processed resulting in a late fee rolling into my March statement. I made a payment over the phone in February with one of their representatives that should have brought my account to a -0- balance. My bank, CapitalOne, also verified that this was an electronic payment and not a check mailed. However, for some reason, Credit One did not process this payment until March 6th, almost two weeks after I made the payment over the phone. This resulted in a late payment of 29.07 being assessed on my account in my March statement on 3/5. I made calls in March and in April trying to get this resolved, but experienced horrendous customer service. As a result of their representatives not being able to resolve this, I had another late payment of 33.41 assessed on 4/5.   You can't reach anyone at their corporate offices as well and NO REPONSE FROM CUSTOMER SERVICE. I am moving forward with a complaint with the BBB.
1 Horrible Credit card... This Credit One Bank Visa Platinum is an absolute scam. They charge a Daily finance so even though you paid your balance in full they still charged interest. You can not use this card without being charged a fee, a ridiculous fee, not to mention the enrollment fee. They also charge you $9.99 if you want to pay early? that's F'd up I'm done with these guys and will stop my card with them and continue to bash them as they continue to suck. Oh by the way I received an email after my balance was due in order for them to slap me with a $25 late fee... Seriously Credit One goto Hell. The owner is probably a son of a sea biscuit anyway. The fact of the matter is this I don;t need you ... but you need me.
1 I have power of attorney for my elderly, ailing mother. Mailed it to them 2 weeks ago because they don't have a fax (yeah, right) and still not showing it in their system.   He got my mom on the line to approve me speaking to them about her account which she did but all he would do is give me her balance and started hounding me on when *I* was going to make payments on her account for her.  I explained that I was calling to cancel the card (which the power of attorney authorized) and to make payment arrangements for the money to AUTOMATICALLY come out of HER account starting at the end of this month when she gets her check.  He then tells me that isn't acceptable and something has to be paid NOW and that I should pay it from MY own account.  Transferred to a "supervisor" who then argues with me that I should mail the Power of Attorney again (only has a PO Box, no certified mail) OR I should call customer service to ask if they have the Power of Attorney.  (So, I am supposed to hang up with him, call the same number again to ask if they have it????)  It was lost on him how idiotic that was. Why do I have to hang up with Credit One just to call Credit One back? HE should contact customer service while I am on the phone to verify the Power of Attorney.  I have NEVER had a company make it so hard to arrange to GIVE THEM MONEY!!!  This will be the last bill of hers that gets paid after the other companies get money
1 Caveats:  1) People always nice on the phone.  2) Payments processed like typical low end credit card company, so certain amount of money games expected. 3) The problem with this company are its customer service protocols. Their online system gets hacked, account suspended, OK fine, not a bad idea. But the hoops to go through to reestablish, which I followed & seemed to have vanished from your premises, are so cumbersome I gave up & closed the account.   Guys, if you're making money doing with your Godawful practices well then bully for you. Your rating here on Yelp is tanked, were you to do something about it you might earn a whole lot more... Best Wishes, Good Luck & Good Riddance....
1 I have had this Credit One Bank Visa since March.  All going ok until one month I went over my credit limit by a $1.00 and some change.  They were calling to inform me that I had gone over my credit limit and they were requesting a payment!   The other wierd thing was the bill wasn't even due yet!!  I was like What!!  Your calling and the bill is not due yet?   Crazy!!  Then as someone else said, these East Indians!!  Ughhh...  Can't understand them!!  I say Why Me!!  Then, I asked to speak to this guy Mark's supervisor!   His name was Eric.  I let this guy have it!  Why in the world make a collection call when the bill isn't due yet??  So, I started doing some research on thus company!  I'm paying my bill  and closing this acct!  I admit got this to help my credit, but i can't deal with a company like this!!  It's so wrong what they do! Thanks to all the reviews!!
1 This is by far THE worst credit card company I've ever dealt with! Even if you are absolutely desperate to obtain a credit card to rebuild your credit score, DO NOT do business with these people. You will regret it. This company prays on the vulnerable and deliberately sets up people to go into debt. STAY AWAY.......STAY FAR AWAY from these dangerous dishonest crooks!!
1 WORST card ever!!! Don't fall in their trap. WORST customer service. Unfortunately they have nooooooo idea about customer service. Don't fall in their trap. Rip off!!!!!!!!
3 Had the card for nearly a year and hadn't had any issue. My balance has been 0 for some time now. Recently someone got ahold of my CC number and some fraudulent charges were made on the card. This was my first interaction with customer service. The complaint I have with the card is as far as when fraudulent charges are made, they send the claim to the "fraud department" to investigate. However, they can not give you the number to contact fraud department to speak about your case with them directly. They say they don't have access to the department. That seems very strange and fishy to me. It doesn't really put you at ease when in the midst of fraudulent charges are on your card that you can't speak with the department trying to sort the situation out. They also have a time frame ranging from 90 days as to how long your investigation can take. Thankfully, the department did find that my charges were not made by me in about 2-3 weeks and my card has already been credited.
1 Yelp please give us a Zero star score. This is an awful company. They prey upon the poor, minorities and those who truely want to make their credit better. They charge fees like a Las Vegas Craps table ( the expensive ones) Charging hundreds of dollars in imaginary fees a month. They can't answer your complaints. They have a phone bank in the Phillipines with customer disservice employees who you can hear in the background all reading the same script. Frightening that this exists in America
1 I would have given this a ZERO but yelp won't allow a post. I've had this card for 3 years, it was one of the first cards I got approved for on my own post divorce. I manage my credit because I am building and have never been late although they make that hard when you have to pay by their time zone, even online. I made a payment online 6 months ago and even though I  checked the box for it to come from my checking, it defaulted to my savings which is a different acc. number. I called them to let them know, before it came back and paid at that time, they cut me off online bill pay and cut the card off. I explained over and over and they requested a letter from my bank! I refused, I had never been late once. Fine, this is a chance for me to pay it off. I noticed my balance got higher not using the card! I can not get anyone on the phone in the states--out  sourcing makes it difficult to resolve issues. So frustrated that I want to get a lawyer to mediate but that would cost more than the balance. This is a fee based card that makes NO SENSE!!! They charged me 29.00 to get an increase on a card that I cannot charge on!!! They charged me 29.00 for being late on my payment when I called and made the payment. They read their own notes which stated that I called on my payment due date to check on my status. REALLY! I called to make my payment!!! They updated my card but never charged it..so I'm at fault because I didn't get a confirmation number. My bad, I never do..my bank is my receipt which is how I found out they didn't take the payment out!!!  I want these people outta my life!!!    IT'S A SCAM   I still don't know how my card is being charged when it is OFF. They make it hard to be compassionate and tolerant when they offer none back... They are based in Nevada and Georgia, why can't I get someone in the States!!! DO NOT GET THIS CARD!!!
1 Their credit card is more for people with no credit, but they approve just about anyone with bad credit too. I had their credit card back in 2001 when they were still FNBM (First National Bank of Marin). I used the card for many years, it was expensive but I had no complaints until I missed a payment one month. I figured I would just double up the next month being young and not grasping the importance of credit. Well, Day 45 the card charged off! That was pretty harsh. I would not do business with them. I was recently offered their card again and was like really?! My credit is way out of their league now.
5 Credit One bank will not give credit to anybody with average or above average credit. Its bad credit people only. Yes - you will get a written denial that your credit is too good if you are average credit.  Credit one bank only deals with risky people. For that reason they charge a lot of fees.   Once you understand this it's easier to accept them for what they are.  In my case I am very happy with them. Back when I could not get any kind of a store card they gave me a chance. With a 300 credit limit (mind u I think I spent like $75 in fees) but off I was to helping my credit.  I should start by saying before my credit one card I had nothing, 6 collections, 1 lien, like 5 120+ day late on a current account. It was bad. My fico was 546.  Now im almost at the one year mark and I have a couple other cards, way higher limits, 650 fico and couldn't be happier.  My options were 1) credit one bank or 2) secured card. I did not care for the secured route as most don't graduate to unsecured.   So I am 100% happy though I will likely be canceling them before the 1 year hits as I don't need it now that I have better cards with rewards and no fees.  Credit one bank (and first premier) are the reason my credit is starting to get better.
