4 This Home Depot is very close to us and we stop by regularly.  The staff is always helpful and friendly and the store is clean and well stocked + They offer 10% military discount.   I just wish they would keep the rest rooms more clean. Last time I was there 3 out of 4 toilets were clogged.
5 I was just there yesterday to get more paint supplies... and actually gonna go back there today! My husband and I come here so much(at least once or twice a week), so much that some of the staff already know us because we come here so often haha. We always get the greetings "Oh you're back! weren't you just here the other day?" or "How's your house projects coming along?"  We love the paint department here compared to the other home depot on craig. The 2 staff that work at the paint department always greet us with a smile and ask how our painting is coming along. We love all the staff there, they're always helpful and friendly, which it makes it so much easier on us, and whenever you have a question, theres always someone just right around the corner! :) We always go in there with the intentions of buying 1 thing, and ONLY 1 thing, and walk out with a cart full of stuff and spend a few hundred dollars rather than 10 bucks that we had originally intended on spending. Oh well! We love working on our house and making it ours :) Tiles is our next project! I feel like we're one of their best customers lol... do we get a reward for being such great customers and spending so much money there?? I think we deserve a reward! or coupons? anything!? haha I wish... but 5 stars, hands down. Its the great customer service that keeps us coming back for more. Keep it up! :)
5 I know it seems kind of weird to be giving a large chain like this such a good review, but what I love about this particular location is that they are not very busy. Because of this most of the staff really goes out of their way to be helpful if simply to help pass the day. One of their staffers even pleaded (jokingly) to let him help me since he was bored out of his mind.
4 great customer service! i just moved to this side of town and have been here quite often in the past month (at LEAST 10 times). we bought all of our kitchen appliances from here and also a washer and dryer. were in the middle of completely redesigning our house and come here for everything we need. the staff doesnt know us by name but does know us by face as soon as we walk in. everyone is very friendly and incredibly helpful. the only reason i did not give 5 stars is due to one staff member who im pretty sure has NO idea what hes ever talking about. he attempts to be helpful but just seems to make up nonsense or forget important steps when explaining things.
4 Brand new store. They seem to have the best tile display of any HD in Vegas that Iv'e seen. Parking lot is whacked to get into (why are there so many concrete curbs/planters in Vegas- its nuts). Store is very clean and staff seems very friendly. This store is fairly close to the pig farm so watch out. Cant smell it in the store but you can outside. Store is just off 215 at 5th street exit, near Legacy HS with an In n Out burger place parked out front.
4 My wife and i frequent this Home Depot often for the good deals and the 10% military discount ....the store is very nice organized and the staff are always ready to help!
2 im updating my review. i highly dislike going to this home depot. at first, all seemed well. a couple people at the front recognize my boyfriend and I and always remember what we were last there for. thats good customer service.   what i did not take into consideration was the fact that we were there to deal with ONE department on multiple occasions. appliances. and the one guy that helped us nearly EVERYTIME was very good at what he does. He was very knowledgable, friendly, helpful, etc. everything you would expect with someone in customer service.  after all appliances were bought, it just went downhill. its almost as if they couldnt find anyone to hire so they settled with the 14 high school students that applied for anything they could get. I needed help multiple times in the paint department, and it was always a couple of teen girls standing around gossiping. they would stare right at you so i KNEW they saw us but would never offer assistance or make sure we were doing okay.  seriously?  slowly it seemed that every department had teen girls in charge with no clue about anything. if you work in the paint department, i figure you would know a majority about paint. flooring, flooring. plumbing, plumbing.. you see where im going with this?  everytime we had a question whether it be to the girl in paint, the girl at the register, the girl standing by the door, they NEVER knew the answer.  i cant stand coming here anymore. all its good for is appliances. the guy i mentioned in my previous review works in plumbing. the one who acts like he knows what hes doing but fails to mention the important parts of things (ie. the electrical wiring on garbage disposals).   i go to the lowes on craig and jones for all my painting needs.  just fyi.  if you know what you need, what youre looking for, etc then this place is good considering the shopping center isnt fully developed so theres not too much business EVER. but if you have minimal knowledge on anything EXCEPT appliances, dont bother. you wont have any help here other then following different people around as they pawn you off on one another..
1 This store has continuously gotten worse over the last 2 years I have been going there. It is very close to my house and super convenient. However, I am getting to the point where I will drive further for better service. The people are generally polite, but as mentioned in previous reviews, they are clueless! Over the past 3 months I have been trading my water jugs here instead of signing up on a plan. I was in cast on my hand and went in to trade water jugs last month and it was a seamless transaction, but no one helped me get the bottle from the case or take it to my car. The girl that rung me up just acted as if it was like carrying a regular plastic bag.   Today I was in this store and had to trade water jugs and get some screws to match a piece of furniture. When I first walked in a man helped me with the water jugs right away by swapping them for me and putting the full one in a cart while I was looking for the screw. This was the best service I have ever received here. However, I went back up to the front to pay and the guy was back at the front door greeting customers. I went up to him to confirm my water jugs were in the cart nearby. It took me 4 times and twice by another associate to get his attention. He was too busy paying attention to his cell phone! At the front door! What kind of professionalism is this?! I am grateful that he put the jug in the cart, but he acted as if I didn't exist once he was back to his spot in the front.   Also, after spending 10-15 minutes searching for the screws in the hardware section and noticing at least 3 employees walk by the aisle seeing me and 2 others without asking if they can help, I finally went to the front of the store to the gaggle of high school girls to get some help. The guy that came to help acted as if I was wasting his time. Not only did he act like he couldn't be bothered to help me, but he had the attitude that I had no knowledge about hardware and proceeded to ask me if I even know how to use a screwdriver! At that point I decided to just go pay for the water and leave so I didn't have to deal with that DB anymore.   The previous reviews are so correct about the lazy and unknowledgeable teenage girls that stand around and gossip. I plan to drive the further distance to Lowes for better customer service .   I hope someone from this store reads this review and the others and establish a.reliable customer service program because they are lacking.
5 I had to rent a motorized snake drain  to unclog my kitchen sink. Young guy at the counter was very helpful and friendly. You can rent for 4 or 24 hours. Rental prices are reasonable especially when you consider how much it would've cost to have a pro do the job.  I'm glad I have a place like this so close to my house where I am able to complete some DIY projects without having to own a bunch of power tools.
5 As good as it gets for a Home Depot!!!  I felt obligated to review this Home Depot because I'm their temporary Duke.  You're either a Lowes or Home Depot fan.  I'm both, but this Home Depot takes the cake. I live close to this location, but even if I lived in Henderson, I'd probably drive out here for this Home Depot.  Why??, because this place is dead, not a soul in sight.  I'm so use to the California locations that are so busy that you're fighting for parking, waiting in long lines, and dodging forklifts every corner.  I'm usually armed with a list by the time I walk into Home Depot.  And with this location, I am in and out.    Service:  I've come here for a quick key copy, sink replacement, curtains, lights, tools, and even rented a ladder.  I also returned a bunch of buyer's remorse items and never an issue or question about my return.  Service is great here!!!  There are a couple of issues with a store that's so empty; 1.  My concern is that there's not enough business that they would close. 2.  No customers also means less employees.  If you are lost in Depot, you have to search for someone in an orange vest.  3.  No business also means no hot dogs stand outside.  If you ever had Depot's hot dogs, they're pretty good.  Dare I say it, better than Pink's.
5 I've been to this specific store a dozen times, especially when I lived right down the street.  At the grand opening, I thought to myself that they were severely overstaffed lol.  I mean, as I walked in, people were just hanging out, waiting to help customers.  It was almost like a concierge Home Depot LOL.  My last stop in was just the other day, since I was playing Mr. Plumber.  They still had quite a bit of people just hanging around, ready to help!    You won't have to search a dozen isles looking for an orange apron here :)
1 Normally I give this store 5 stars, especially on there survey; but just now I walked into the store, walked by 2 people in the front without even as much as a hello.  Then I needed help with some plumbing supplies and couldn't find anyone on the floor.  Then as I give up and leave the store, walking by another 3 people, none said hello, can I help you find anything, or ask if I needed help.  This store has gone to crap.  West Craig road here I come!
2 First the place is typically empty...Staff is somewhat stupid...These guys really have no experience for helping you further than saying "yes I think so"...Mostly all kids as staff...How about hiring people whom had experience in certain fields like plumbing, electrical, construction, etc....Employees park there motorcycles right by the loading dock front doors...Really? Broken light bulbs, and broken light fixtures purchased back to back...Employees smoke by front entrance as well...
3 Rented their carpet cleaner, standard 29 bucks for a day plus a 50 dollar deposit, both are standard pricing. Store is clean and usually empty. Had no problems until I went to return the carpet cleaner, apparantly if you are unlucky enough to come when the person is not here for some reason, nobody will help you and you should expect to wait. Not a bad store, but Lowe's is quicker. I usually go to home depot for their tool rental and other odds and ends but this was the nail in the coffin. No more home depot I will stick to Lowe's, I don't like waiting 45 minutes for something that should take no more than ten including the return inspection.
5 We had a very specific need for an exterior door.    Several Home Depot competitors were unable to fulfill that need.  However, Home Depot had sales people that worked to find a custom solution.    Then upon the arrival of the door, much more that the usual effort was needed before the door could be installed.  The installer was an excellent person, his work was precise, and he cleaned up the materials left after the work was completed.  All this for a price that was more than competitive.  Than you all for your efforts.
