5 The office had several doctors, I met Dr. Gifford and he was great.  He made me very comfortable and explained things thoroughly and answered all my questions.  I felt comfortable which isn't easy for me.  I would recommend the office again.
1 I had an implant placed by Dr. Goaslind in this office.  Long story short- I had to pay another dentist $1000 to fix Dr. Goaslinds' mistake placing the wrong abutment.  He agreed to refund me $138 for his cost of the abutment but that isn't any where near what it cost me to fix it. I could never even get Dr. Goaslind to call me back and speak to me personally about the situation- apparently he is too busy and prefers to communicate strictly through his office people who know nothing about the situation. I also had problems with my temporary crown that kept falling off and when I called to explain my emergency situation (It was my front tooth- totally mortifying!) they were completely unsympathetic and unwilling to help because it was toward the end of their day. I ended up going somewhere else for this too, and upon a friends' recommendation found a dentist who actually cared and was able to remedy the situation right away. I was truly disgusted with the lack integrity Dr. Goaslind extended. Why would I ever recommend this place to anyone after such an awful overall experience here?
5 If someone said you could dramatically improve your smile in a few hours with almost no pain, would you believe them? Well with Dr. Trylovitch it's true! I have never been happy with my small front teeth. I didn't realize it wasn't actually my teeth; it was my gums. I had a "gummy smile." Dr. Trylovich said he could improve it with a "gum lift." I had no idea how fantastic it would look!  I was in surgery for about three hours. Once I was out, my smile was transformed! My teeth looked big and beautiful and my smile was incredible! My husband even said he was "shocked" how beautiful my teeth looked. And what's amazing is that I experienced almost no pain. I took one dose of the pain medicine he prescribed and one dose of ibuprofen, and after that I felt fine.  I experienced some facial swelling for a few days, but that was it.  I would like to thank Dr. Trylovich for this amazing procedure. It has changed my smile, my look and my confidence. It is really amazing and I encourage everyone who has a gummy smile to talk to Dr. Trylovich about a gum lift. It will change your life.
