5 All real men isn't it a requirement to love a junkyard? I'm like a kid in the candy store. From the car side to the truck side they will most likely have what your looking for. And the prices are cheap obviously. Who wants to hit up the dealer and pay inflated prices when you can grab you're tools and get dirty finding the parts you need and sometimes don't need lol. They also sell complete cars now. Its 1.00 to get in. They accept plastic now incase you don't carry cash.  And a food truck sits out front giggity.
4 This was my first time at a junkyard and I have to admit, it was actually kind of fun. Not having had any experience at all at a salvage yard (and being a girl) I was a bit nervous and didn't know what to expect. Luckily the guys there were all helpful.   Unfortunately they didn't have the sun visor I needed (HINT: visors are pretty popular--I looked in a lot of cars that were there and didn't see a single one.) But I did salvage a couple of the clips that hold the visor up and out of the way--AND they didn't charge me. Score!  The car I was picking from had already been there 8 days so another lesson learned: call daily and if the car you need comes in, GET THERE FAST.   Also, guys probably already know this but ladies, be sure to dress appropriately. Heavy jeans, sturdy shoes or work boots. This is NOT the place for shorts, tank tops and sandals. Bring gloves and tools. And if you're salvaging for small parts like I was, bring a backpack or something to carry your stuff in that you won't care if it gets dirty. Be careful--lots of broken glass everywhere. I'm glad I was prepared--I saw women out there who weren't and they didn't look like they were doing too well.   A bit far to drive from Hendo where I am (especially since they didn't have what I needed) but as far as services go, very friendly and helpful.
2 Friendly and helpful? maybe toward the women, but not the men [at least not me]. Far from it actually. They used to have negotiable prices. So when I went to pay I wanted to negotiate the price. I was practically cursed out and told the price was firm. They could definitely use more customer service skills. Another thing, there is NO RETURNS, exchange only. Make sure electrical components work before you buy them. Save your money and go online to LKQ, they are a HUGE warehouse [LOCALLY] and have lots of parts...best part about them, you dont have to pic it off, they do all the work and have a 6 month MONEY BACK warranty on most parts.
4 i tried to sell my car to this company and according to the web site they will pay $500-$10,000 ..my car is in good condition just the starter is alil messed up (which by the way the starter solenoid only cost $40.00 Thur them and what they will do is fix it and then sell it on their lot for $3000-$5000 I'm not stupid) i was told they only buy cars for scrap and parts and offered me $300 i was offered $2800 Thur Craig's list AS IS i was just hoping to sell it faster to pay for my new car oh well now i have to wait till next week for the guy to come get it for $2800...their website is very misleading guess they're used to dealing with gambling and drug addicted people who need money fast and are desperate enough to take anything they can get.......
4 chicks rule here!! we get in free..yayyyy. but if you are not savvy you better have a mechanic or at least somebody who knows how to rip stuff out of a car for you. its dirty, hot and greasy out there. so hydrate, wear old clothes and bring an umbrella. i bought water and held the umbrella over the mechanics head to at least look busy :) love this place
4 I rarely go out in the hot sun for car parts...but when I do...I prefer Nevada Pic A Part.  First time going out to this salvage yard, and I must say, I had fun!  Going out with the father-in-law for what I thought was one Nissan part and 30 minutes, ended up being extra Honda parts and 4 hours later!  We were out there for some time!  Nevada Pic A Part is organized pretty well, trucks on one side, cars on the other.  Then further organized into foreign and domestic.  For guys, it costs a $1 to get in for admission.  Girls?  They're free.  Makes it seem like a night club.  It's called Nevada Pic A Part for a reason.  You will pick out all your own parts!  Don't come here expecting it all laid out for you!  This place is a mechanic's wet dream, which is why my father-in-law loves coming here.  A mechanic by trade, he can be here for hours and not even care.  So come with a hat and some water!  I sure didn't and I paid the price with a red, sunburned scalp.  Bring some tools too in case you find anything you want, you will definitely be doing the labor all on your own.  If you're not mechanically inclined, bring some friends!  But dammit, be careful!  Dropping an old car on your foot cannot feel good.  After finding the part we needed for our old 1993 Nissan Pathfinder, we decided to wander a bit.  This is where I got in some trouble.  I found me a mini Honda Prelude heaven!  And as luck would have it, vintage 80's Preludes just waiting to be picked apart!  I was seriously having some sweaty fun, picking needed extra parts for my baby Eva, my 1986 Honda Prelude.  Getting down and dirty, I got some extra headrests, a gas cap, an oil cap, a cigarette lighter (hard to find), a dome light cover, some door trim, and a super hard to find arm rest base!  All OEM original!  So stoked!  Parts were a bit dirty but after some elbow grease I got them back to near new condition.  Very happy day.  Prices will vary at Nevada Pic A Part based on the parts you are getting, and if they are for a car or a truck.  I guess negotiating on price is a thing of the past unfortunately.  My father-in-law said you used to be able to haggle on prices before, but I tried and yep, now you can't.  Kinda takes out some of the fun of doing stuff like this.  But the prices were reasonable for what I did get, especially since they are all original parts.  Had some bonding time with the father-in-law, and got some needed parts to boot.  Can't get much better than that!  Nevada Pic A Part, I will be back!
