4 Came here with the hubby since they were having some crazy sale and he is in the market for a new ski jacket. They had several parking spaces outside filled up with the sale merchandise & it was a fun event  with music pumping and a tent with the guys from Las Vegas Ski Resort doing raffles. The sales people were helpful but not pushy. They did know alot about the jackets they sold..which was good cuz we really didnt know that much. My hubby ended up finding one that was originally 300 and got it for 160..so we were very pleased with that. Im s
4 This is a pretty cool store, offering everything from clothes, shoes, skateboards, sunglasses, and snowboards.  All I've ever bought from here are shirts, board shorts, shoes, and a pair of shades...so my review will only be able to really reflect on the 'sun' part of Powder & Sun.  After living in Chicago and back east for many years I am sick of and over the snow in every way, shape, and form!  One of the last places you'll ever see me is on Mt. Charleston with a snowboard under my arm.  They have plenty of clothes here, men and womens.  From all brands, ranging from Volcom, Hurley, Obey, etc.  Think PAC Sun, but with more and better choices.  And they have a big wall of shoes to choose from, everything from skate to casual.  You'll also find a nice variety of accessories, like sunglasses, watches, and wallets.  They always have a few clearance racks up too with shirts, jackets, shorts, etc for 25-75% off., as well as weekly sales offering good deals.  The employees are all very friendly and helpful too.  And the store is always well organized and clean.
5 love them sooo much i had to slap there decal on my car Great place and people they always have everything i need. And really cool clothes that i dont!
5 A real board shop. No softball or bike salesmen trying to sell u your skate or snowboard. They got a repair shop too. Longboard selection is awesome.
4 Great Store ! Amazing choice of boards, especially longboards. The guys at powder and sun helped me put together a great board, tailored to my wishes. Friendly staff that knows their stuff. I will be back next time I'm in Vegas !
5 I wouldn't have thought that the best snowboard shop I'd even be in was in Las Vegas, but it is. These guys always have the best selection and the most knowledgable people working there. Whether you're getting your first set up or are a seasoned vet Powder & Sun is the best shop, not just in Vegas but everywhere.
5 Hands down the best board shops in Las Vegas!!!
5 Awesome hidden place to get up to date merchandise from skateboard stuff to snowboard stuff.. Friendly staff.. lots of things to choose from..
5 awesome staff, great products and supports the local community plus hard to find emerging brands!
5 It's almost snowboarding season. This will be my fourth season with my board and I think it's time for a tune up. I called a few places and settled on Powder and Sun for my tune up needs. STUART was so friendly and helped me out. He took a good look at my board and pointed out all the little things that needed to be tuned up. He re-edged it and waxed it and it's all ready for another season! I can't wait to hit the mountains!! It was also ready sooner than he said it would be so that was a plus too, however it took me so long to actually go pick my board back up! =/
4 Super helpful and chill. Will definitely be back. Thanks for the long board! !
5 Friendly staff, quick turn around for a board tune-up, and considerably cheaper than the other ski/bike/board shop down the street!
5 From the moment I entered the building all the way to check out was a great and refreshing experience. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and very helpful. I went for a pair of new kicks, and ended coming out with shoes, socks, and a new long board for my brother. One of the young men working helped with me with the sector 9 long board, it had Bob Marley on it, along with the signature rasta green, yellow, and red. A young lady helped with my shoes, trying to find a size 5 in mens sizes is pretty tough, but she did very well and even found the ones I was originally looking for. I recommend anyone to go to this store for overall quality and I will be coming back more often when the need arises. All I can say is thank you to the ladies and gents that were so patient with me and understanding.
