1 Not very impressed.  I had the homemade Turkey Sub and the turkey was really dry and shredded.  Imagine the worse Thanksgiving Day Dinner you ever had and throw it on a bun with two tomatoes, iceberg lettuce, provolone cheese and spices.  I expected more from the sandwich.  I asked why they called it homemade turkey and was told they roast there turkeys every night...seems like someone overcooked this bird.    They have an award winning sandwich called the Bobbie but it kind of seemed gross...imagine someone taking your leftovers from Thanksgiving and throwing it on a bun...shredded turkey, stuffing, mayo and cranberries...you lost me at the cranberries.  I did not have this sandwich but the description seemed gross.  Someone must like it because someone gave it an award!!!
2 family ordered the philly cheesesteak and the italian to share. it was ordered to go so we could eat at home. we ordered mushrooms on the philly and they forgot them. the philly cheesesteak was really bland and the meat tasted dry. no cheesewiz was used here. we got peppers in a side cup to put on ourselves and that didn't help with flavoring. the italian was the more flavorful of the two, but not my favorite. i have experienced better from capriottes. hopefully last night was just an off night from them from watching the game. please step your game back up capriottes because i use to love you.
5 Chicken Philly steak is awesome!
4 I LA LA LA LOVE this Capriotti's. The staff is hilarious (obviously from the east coast) and they always make me smile (prime example was the time I was seriously illin' so I dragged my butt to Capriotti's to pick up dinner for my family. I walk in looking like crap but I managed to put on my nifty AC/DC tshirt....the guy looks at me and says "Any chick who likes AC/DC should be able to handle a little cold." Needless to say it made me giggle). I ordered the Bobbie (AMAZING...its like Thanksgiving dinner on a tasty roll) and a Philly cheesesteak with mushrooms and onions....throw in some salt and vinegar chips, a couple of rootbeers and we had dinner (albeit not very nutritious but hey, I felt like I was knocking on death's doorstep).  All in all Capriotti's is my favorite sandwich place. The only reason its not getting 5 stars is because they close too dang early.
5 Just having some left over Bobbie sandwich from yesterday. Its even better the day after (kinda like macaroni and cheese).  How is that possible? Keep up the good work my boys...you rock the house :)
5 I've never had a better mushroom cheesesteak than at capriotti's, and I've been to philly. The bread is always fresh, the steak is always hot and peppered perfectly, the onions and mushrooms are cooked to perfection and the cheese is gooey and delish!!  Went to capriotti's Saturday night for two sandwiches, apparently they were really busy all day, but they had just enough bread for two. It was 745 pm and they were down to the last two buns, perfect! The lady had a bobbie, with extra cranberries and I had the regular mushroom cheesesteak with onions, which is my standard order. The sandwiches did not disappoint, never do.  This shop is voted "best in vegas" every year for a reason, I'm so glad they opened this location about a year and a half ago because its right around the corner from where I live and the next closest was at silv ranch and lv blvd which is about 10 mins away. I can walk to this one!  5 star experience, just like always.
5 Fantastic sandwiches that have that wow factor while staying simple. Love the russian slaw sandwiches but the crown jewel is the Bobbie...It's like heaven in a roll. Wish there were more locations in California.
5 While Capriotti's does offer the standard sub selections, it's the more creative (and more tasty!) options that set Capriotti's heads above others.
1 Capriottis is good...don't get me wrong but what gets me going back to a place is the staff and the service they give.   Once in a while I crave the SLAW BEJO and the BOBBIE.  This particular place is nearby my home and makes it convenient to order here and take my goody home to enjoy in front of the telly. When it first opened, I remember the guy that helped me.....tall, goatee...and I don't know if he has teeth cuz he never smiles.  (lol jk). I remember now that he was not friendly and I didn't want to go there again.   Well.....it's been a while and I guess I forgot how sucky the customer service is there.   Went there again and for the last time.  The same guy was still working there and still no smile...trying to rush me when I was trying to decide what to order.  When he was finished....rang up my stuff...NOT A THANK YOU....I was signing the receipt and he practically yanked it from me cuz I was trying to figure out which receipt to keep and which to give.  I should have said right there and then I wanted my $$$ back.  I should have gotten his name also.  But I will not forget his face that's for sure.  --and I will remember to NOT PATRONIZE this one sandwich shop.  I will take the time to drive somewhere farther for GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE and a smile.   For those who do not care.....this is the place to go for SUCKY SERVICE.
3 Overhyped. Capriotti's has some good sandwiches and some that just don't connect.  My favorite sandwich here is the Capastrami, greasy pastrami grilled with melted Swiss, generously topped with creamy cole slaw and Russian dressing. Reubenesque and held together well by the bread.  Unfortunately, that same bread is the reason why Capriotti's cheesesteaks and Italian subs don't work. The rolls on which its subs are served are hard and dense, which means they don't absorb the favors and moisture of the rest of the sandwich.  The cheesesteaks also suffer from meat that's grisly, dry and flavorless. Bland would be a word for it.  The Bobbie isn't my thing - I think mayo is gross, and without it the Bobbie sandwich gets unbearably dry. That being said, the store roasted turkey goes great on cold subs with provolone and hot peppers.  Jersey Mike's is better for cold subs and Pop's is the place to go in Vegas for cheesesteaks.
4 Their best sandwich is the Bobbie,  the Capistrami is a close second.  I am not a cheese steak fan,  but they do an alright cheese steak.  Best part is you can get a large with some Wise chips and feed the whole family under $15.00 and $18 with drinks.  Great deal in a town of little to no deals.
2 Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. I don't like to knock a business until I've had a bad experience more than once. This Capriotti's is the closest to me house so I've been here several times, and the last few experiences have been horrible.  I love the Bobbie and the Capastrami. The last time I ordered, my stomach was churning after eating the Capastrami. It tasted a little off but I ate it anyway. Boy did I regret it.  Whet really bugs me is their bad customer service. One time I walked in, and the girl just looked at me without a "Hi" or "How may I help you?" And they are just as rude over the phone. The staff really seem like they hate their job.  I still like Capriotti's but I won't go back to this location.
5 The best lunch in the southwest part of the valley.  Staff is friendly, food is very good and the place is always clean!  Best lunch under $12.00.  Is very true!
2 I was getting ready to install a new stereo in our car and wanted to grab something quick for dinner that was still delicious and easy to eat so what better than snatching up some Capriottis right? Well, I was very very let down this time. We called into the store to make the order and everything seemed great at that point since they took down the order and read it back perfectly. Soon after that the things to come should have been a fair warning.  Upon walking into this location all of the tables were occupied by very gloomy looking folks almost pissed off looking and not a single one of them had a sandwich on the table. There was a gentlemen in line before me picking up a to go order and as I stood there waiting I watched as the guy cooking everything was literally running full sprints around the back trying to get sandwiches made, and the upset patrons seemed to get even more in the dumps by seeing someone get in line.   Before I tell you what went down with my grub let me give you our order, 1 med capastrami with extra Russian dressing, 1 med capastrami with hot peppers and mushrooms, 1 med Bobbi. All seems simple right, considering it is basically a order of all things Capriottis the basic we are known for this type sandwiches. My order was ready pretty quick so we grabbed them and went on to the house to get our grub on and upon unwrapping what should have been a delicious monstrosity of a sandwich in turn was a dry overcooked lump of letdown... The bread was so crazy dry it was like eating dry oats and to top that off the pastrami was cooked so long it was truly like chewing leaves... Not that I have chewed on leaves before. The final straw for me was that I order Capriottis at work quite a bit and when you order it with hot peppers and mushrooms they are cooked into the meat just the way I like it and for some reason the cook put my sandwich together and then threw raw hot pepper on top of the slaw and then raw mushrooms... ummmm, that is not how its done.  In my opinion a sandwich is one of those things that you look forward to eating for some reason, that is great when your sandwich is awesome but when you get a bad sandwich it is almost as bad as if someone kicked your dog or something. I wish this review was to say how amazing the sandwiches were and that I am sporting a new Capriottis shirt and hat because that sandwich was so good I want to be a poster boy, unfortunately that is not the case. I don't know that I will return to this location.
4 This location is the best in Vegas. You can actually sit down and eat lunch on tables and chairs and not leave smelling like meat. I like Capriotti's but wish the other locations had better seating like this one.  This location was very clean and doesn't make me feel like a dirty trucker eating at the counter. This is also a convenient meeting spot when I'm meeting clients in Southern Highlands. I first loved the Bobbi, Thanksgiving in a sandwich sans the "moist maker" aka gravy (for you Friends fans), then went to their meatball... S. Highlands has the BEST meatball...tender, and just really fresh tasting, then I tried the Capistrami...not a fan at first because there was just too much going on, but then I learned how to order it right...hot peppers in the pastrami, extra swiss cheese, and hold the Russian dressing because the coleslaw is enough. Delish! I know they have good cheese steaks but I like making my own at home. Depending on the other locations, you better be prepared for errors and omissions on your orders...especially if you call it in.
4 Good sandwiches. Good size for the $. Staff is friendly enough.
2 Turkey was extra dry looked and tasted like turkey chew!!!! Sandwiches were not hot cheese was hard bad day for Capriotti's!!!
1 This place has great food, however, this review is based solely on the customer service I received. I got to this location at 730, 30 minutes before they actually closed. The door was locked and when an employee came to the door he informed me they were close because they ran out of bread...it was obvious they were trying to avoid taking any orders right before they closed, And if they were out of bread that's ridiculous.  It is Very disappointing that this establishment would turn down customers.
5 Very respectful towards their customers and very clean and professional. I wish other sandwich shops treated their customers half as good as this Capriotti's does! thank you for the genuine service guys!
1 Crappy service. Came in to order one sandwich. Told me 30 min wait because they are in middle of a big order.  Employees goofing off while making sandwiches. Should have one person working counter orders.
1 The worst experience I have ever had... My boyfriend took me here a while back when we came to Vegas from Los Angeles to visit his parents (They live in Southern Highlands)... He kept saying how wonderful this place was so I was forced to try. We show up and immediately I felt tension in the air. Everything I asked about on the menu apparently wasn't available because: "The stove is turned off"... "We ran out of that bread"... "There isn't anymore meat"... I mean, I kid you not, he literally left us with nothing left to order except maybe 3 or 4 items which weren't at all appealing to either of us. Mind you, as we were asking them questions, both the manager and some kid kept smiling at each other like this was some joke. I told my boyfriend lets just go somewhere else, this isn't looking good anymore, he agreed. As we walked out, the manager called out to us "FAG**TS" and started laughing with his employee. This was by far the most disgusting place I have ever been. The employees were extremely inappropriate homophobes and the establishment itself was appalling. I pray someone shuts this place down.
4 Cheesesteak had great reviews so I tried it. Actually it was a bit dry. Surprised but I really enjoy the classic bobby so I'll look elsewhere for the next cheesesteak.
2 Bland bland bland. I've tried several sandwiches in several locations. Not impressed. They sound great: coleslaw on turkey, a thanksgiving meal on a bun? Hell yeah. But then, not so much on the actual taste. They are large.
4 Good same captioning taste but sometimes they run out of sub bread on Friday & Saturdays close to closing time. That just means they're awesome! Love having one around the corner.
1 This location is full of arrogant little pricks that seam high most of the time. I leave this rating after many visits , being underwhelmed by their attitude. They act like you should be honored to be able to give them money for a sandwich. Well they'll never get a dime of my money again.
1 I've been coming here for years just because I live across the street. The service here is horrible and the employees are definitely high! I wish there was a location closer cause I do like the food. My rating is based only on service.
1 My least favorite Capriotti's. Bread is usually stale, customer service is lacking, orders get wrong and it is almost always filthy. I live around the corner but usually prefer the Capriotti's on Silverado Ranch and LV Blvd.
1 I have to start out by saying that I am a HUGE Capriottis fan.  I really do love their sandwiches, so it pains me to give this location such a bad review, but they truly deserve it.  I have been going to this location for many years & it always has been a sub-par location compared to the others.  I will actually travel out of my way and go to the Silverado & Vegas Blvd location rather then go to the Southern Highlands location if I can.   I can't tell what is worse the customer service on the phone or in the store? There is no etiquette for taking orders over the phone. I order the same sandwich every time and each time they ask different questions on the phone, different ingredient options. I often get the feeling that they're not even sure what comes on their sandwiches. When I pick up the sandwich,  I never know what to expect.    I have to agree with some of the other reviewers,  it appears the owner only recruits out of the skate park? Complementary "F" bombs and foul language at no extra charge.  On a positive side they always have sports on TV that he can watch while you're waiting for your food :)   Do yourself a favor and skip this location. Sorry Capriottis :(
