5 Awesome staff and food!!
3 It's Panda Express! Fast food Chinese-ish food. When you're hungry this works.
1 Horrible. I paid extra for an additional dish of steak and shrimp it usually comes equipped in a mini box well she put it on a mini plate and it was like one piece of steak one piece of shrimp and one bell pepper. I was so mad that I was going to pay more $ for that sorry additional dish. The rice is now brown rice and no one mentioned it I just noticed it tasted funny. The window shade was broken at the table I sat at and it was ridiculously hot too. My daughter was going to share with me then decided she didn't like what I ordered so I told her to go over & get something she wants for a to go order and they took forever and had other adult cut her in line because she's only 12 and figured they could take advantage of her. I was pissed I kept going up to the counter and said is everything ok. They said yes that they had to cook rice because they ran out. I said well that wouldn't be a problem if you wouldn't have let all those adults cut my daughter in line. So she had to wait and got cut in line. They deserves a free drink or something. Nope not from them. cheapo's ! I will go to a different location if I want panda express again.
1 The food is phenomenal for a great price. However, the service provided by the employees was poor, inadequate, sub-par, unsatisfactory, bad.... you get the idea. I would suggest driving the extra miles to another location to save yourself from a dreadful experience.
1 I have gone here a few times and for the most part the food is decent for fast food Chinese and service was decent not good BUT decent. BUT tonight, the service SUCKED!!!! There was a girl named Traci and WOW she was horrible!!!!  The way she took the order and couldn't understand simple English kinda makes wonder if she was dropped on her head a lot as a kid!    Couldn't understand my order and charged me for something I didn't order!  Wow! If I was the manager she would be gone gone gone!   If I see her again I'll walk out.  The food is not worth her attitude and stupidity.
3 I only go here for lunch since I work nearby.  There service used to be terrible but it seems to have gotten better.  I find when I get frustrated there now its because of the fool in front of me who spent their time in line chatting on their cell phone and now want extra time to decide rice/noodles? chicken/beef? 1 entree or 2? ... you get the idea.    There's also super friendly asian guy who didn't used to work here and seems to have made things better.  He's a bit overbearing but at least he keeps the others moving quickly.  Take it for what it is - fast food.  Not the best meal you'll ever have but certainly not the worst.
5 I rarely come here. Normally, it's busy when I do. But today, I was in and out in five minutes. I'm pretty impress with the customer service. They noticed me right away when I walked in through the door. She was helping another guest and told me she will be with me shortly. Then I see someone standing who looks like a manager or a chef.. Not sure, lol. I thought he was just going to look at me and walk away but nope. He asked if I was ready to order. And he took my order instead. I'm pretty sure they hired new people since the bad reviews. Anyways, food was great! As well as customer service. I ordered the shrimp walnut thingy and my favorite mushroom chicken and did a combo of fried rice and noodles. He put a lot on my plate. Sometimes Panda Express can be stingy with their food. Just like McDonalds and their sauce. But they started charging for those. Very irrelevant... Lol. But my review!!!(:
