3 I've talked to management and had a better experience from my previous review.
2 The customer service is so bad here. You walk in and you're not greeted. I've had 3 separate occasions to be here and never once was I greeted. No one looks up to speak. When you finally do catch someones attention they simply tell you to sign in. They may or may not be working with a customer. You sign in, then they acknowledge you, even if no one else is in the store!!  The only reason they do not have 1 star is because they have a large variety of frames and the prices for frames are reasonable. As far as getting your lenses I felt those prices were high even for their basic lens without any upgrades. I don't have vision insurance so eyeglass world it is but it is definitely not my first pick and wouldn't recommend them to anyone I like.
1 Place is terrible.  Takes 45 minutes to pick up glasses. More than 2 weeks to have glasses made.  Awful customer service, was standing by the front desk for 15 minutes before being told to sit down for another half hour.  Out of control. Paid nearly $400 for glasses to be treated terribly.
1 This is a horrible place and surprisingly still in business. We paid 800 dollars for eyeglasses and were treated terribly to say the least. The wait is incredibly long, and the service is non existent. The lady who greets you over the phone and in person is very rude and has major social issues. I do not recommend this experience and store to anybody at all. Save yourself some time, energy and money.
4 This is an updated review....Their customer service really shines with their management and senior leadership team. They recognized the service they provided was poor and went above and beyond to rectify that situation. Based on my experience with management alone I would recommend this location to someone else.
4 Josh was great!  My wife and I both received a pair of glasses and am going back for sunglasses.  Insurance accepted without a problem and he took the extra time to make sure the fit was correct.  Actually good prices even on the designer frames.  Compared to lenscrafters they are MUCH more affordable.  Unfortunately selection is a little limited, however still a nice selection.
5 This place has excellent customer service  excellent Selection of lenses for women not so much for men. My husband had his eyes checked here the optometrist he is the  most thorough eye doctor I have ever seen. He did test on my husbands eyes I have never even seen before! I was very impressed! When it came time for my husband to pick his eyeglasses my husband took more than an hour in questions and comments and the staff was still patient with him and smiling.
