4 Wing stop is a place where you will get the same standards no matter the wing stop you visit. It's not the best I ever had but I know where to go if I want good wings every time and in any city I see find a wing stop in
3 + good variety of sauces and wing styles + Not the best wings in town, but pretty good overall. If you're in the Santa Fe and you're looking for something to eat, this is one of the better options.
3 Fries are yummy!! :D I dont know what they do but the way they cook them is very different from your typical fried french fries...  I'm a huge Buffalo Wild Wings fan so I was a little hesitant to try Wing Stop at first. This WS happened to be located inside the Sante Fe Station and for a Sunday night it was busy. If your looking for a variety of flavors, you're not going to find that here. They have about 7 basic flavors and if you get an order of 15 wings, you can only mix and match TWO. Kinda lame. So anyway, I tried the Parmesan and original style hot. The Parmesan was "good" and the original tasted like it was tossed in Tabasco sauce and I wasn't very impressed. The quality of chicken is OK, I've definitely had better. I thought it was a bit pricey for the amount they give you and the quality.   So for now BDubbs is still my fave, but Wings Stop is not a terrible place to stop by when you're hungry and in the mood for wings. I will however give them another shot just to try the other flavors... :)
3 I've been here twice. I think it's average. to be honest. It might be the fact that I am spoiled with Buffalo Wild Wings. but whenever I go to a wing place, i go for garlic parm wings. there wasn't enough garlic butter and too much parmesan. I am a cook at an authentic italian place. and when they brought out the bag of parmesan, i became a harsh critic, that had doubts from the get-go.It seems unfair, but we get our parm in a form of a 50lb wheel, and freshly grate it our self, So i might be a bit spoiled. anyways, the chicken was average, and the sauce was just not that good. the fries were though. For what wing stop is, i think it is average. It's a fast food wing place, that has reasonable prices. This is where I think they succeed. but as far as the actual food goes, it's just ur average wing.
5 I always take the wings here to-go. This branch here in The Santa Fe is closest to my house, and I've always had a good experience ordering from here. Usually when I come in though, it's not busy, so I can't attest much for the quality during busy hours, but I never have had issues from the food. The other reviews I've read about this location give it an average rating, so perhaps the dine-in and take-out quality is different? I will keep coming back, due to the convenience and my experiences here. I don't like eating in casino food courts anyways, so I'll keep carrying-out. Friendly staff. Great wings.
5 Wingstop is my favorite Wing place. I'm pretty much exclusive only to them. Lemon pepper, fried hard, Best way to go..!  I'm particular to this location because they have curbside service. Thats the best thing about this spot. Its typically busy so the staff is a little less than friendly but eh.. im here for wings.. not friends..!
4 I've walked by this place so many times, not even giving it a chance until a drunkard raved so much about it I had to try it out. The size of the individual wings are very substantial indeed, but the taste and texture is what captivated me. The lemon pepper wings have a lofty balance of salty and crispy while still offering flavor. The teriyaki wings were quite tasty too, but the lemon pepper was by far the star performer. It takes about 10 minutes to cook once you place your order, so don't go if you're in a rush. They also have a nice garlicky ranch dipping sauce that's worth trying as well.
2 There is always a good 20 min wait every time I come to this location. On the plus side I guess you know it's fresh but 20 mins takes the fast out of fast food! The staff is usually very nice but they've messed up my order more than once giving me regular chicken wings instead of boneless. The sauces are ok. Even their hottest isn't very hot though. After mild it seems like all the other sauces have the same mediocre hotness.. Even atomic. On a plus side, Mondays and Tuesdays are 50 cent wing day.. All in all it's good late night hangover food but nothing to write home (Err yelp) about. ;)
4 Grease and fat...you cant go wrong...takes a while to get food, but its all made to order. Decent food, a bit spendy, very greasy but everyone needs to splurge once in a while.
2 Very rude staff (as is typical with Wing Stop)! The girl at the counter rolled her eyes at me when I asked that my boneless wings be cooked slightly longer (I've received them a little raw before).  The wings were pretty good as usual, the fries were under-cooked and under-seasoned, pretty limp.
4 Pretty sure you ALL have had Wingstop before LOL.  If not, they are a pretty solid wing spot to get some grub...probably my favorite CHAIN wing restaurant!  I tried the Hot, Garlic Parmesan, and BBQ this time...all sauced up and tasty.  TOO much sauce actually...I was scraping the BBQ sauce off, since it was poured so thick lol.  Better too much than not enough I guess.  The wings are cooked perfectly, juicy, and flavorful.  Really enjoy their fries here...cut up home style with the skins....yum :)  A little spendy though...think we spent around $24 for 24 wings and some fries.  Almost $1 each at that rate with no drinks.  Gotta pay to play I guess!  At least while you're in Sante Fe :P
1 Bad service and worse wings. The so called hot wings taste like nothing but vinegar, the mango habanero are a poor attempt to copy BWs, and the boneless are like a cheap frozen brand but not as good... Don't waste your time or money here.
4 Wing stop is a great wings fix. They are quick about their orders and the menu is simple. I always get the boneless wings in the original Louisiana rub. Wings always come out crispy and flavorful. The portions and size of the wings are exception and I could not complain. They are like a fast good restaurant for wings and it's great. I recommend you try it if you want a wing fix that's quick and delicious.
4 Best wings out of a franchise ! Way better than Buffalo Wild Wings in my opinion .. Customer service could be a little better but the food is great and good price
4 Food- Wings are delicious, but the chicken fingers were very salty...high blood pressure salty.   Cleanliness - tile walls need to be cleaned, grout.
2 I have fallen out of love with Wingstop. I used to be head over heels in love with this place, but now I'm just kind of "eh" about it.  Service: The people working at this location is a hit or miss. Sometimes they're super nice to you, and sometimes it's like they've got a couple of chicken bones up their booties. However, 65% of the time that I've been here they have been very nice and accommodating especially since I order A LOT of wings to take home to my family.  Food: Umm, well.. This place used to super amazeballs. It was so amazebally good that I picked this place over BWW. Never again, unfortunately. Their boneless wings are super salty. I wanted to throw 'em away. And their classic wings don't have enough sauce on them and are also a bit too much on the salty side. My favorite sauce however is Hickory smoked BBQ. Those are almost always delicious.   Overall: Two stars. One star for the service, and an added star for their BBQ-flavored wings.
5 I love these wings!!! I wanna go back and get some more. I recommend the Cajun wings or the garlic Parmesan because the flavors are just spicy and soooo addicting. Definitely coming back for sure. Excellent customer service!
