5 I took my car here on 1-5-11 to get the windows tinted.  A friend of mine recommended this place to me since he got his tint and alarm installed here. They also install audio systems as well, and they sell HID headlights, license plate frames, and other accessories. Pricing for the tint was really cheap, $99 for a 3 year warranty and $139 for a lifetime warranty. Prices will be more if you have a larger car or truck. This place offers 35%, 20%, 15%, and 5%. I got the 35% in front and 15% in the back windows, and they also threw in a free 15% glare strip for the windshield, which was a $50 value. The install took about two hours, in at 3:30 and out between 5:30-6. I was able to watch my car while they were installing the tint, and there was WiFi available as well. While my car was in, they updated me on what was going on and what they were doing with it.   I got my car back, and I was impressed by how well they did the tint. It looked perfect and at a very good price. 5 years from now, if the tint starts to bubble, I can take it in again and they will fix it for free. I will be getting my alarm installed here in the near future.
1 I just gave these guys a call to see how much it would cost for my car to be done and ask a few questions about the process and the products. I was given the response "come in and we will talk" to answer every question i had. EXTREMELY frustrating and i will now not bring my car to them because of their inability to simply answer a few questions over the phone.
5 Just got windows tinted on my 2013 Dodge Dart and was very impressed by the work done. Walked in a little before noon and was out the door in an hour. Paid $149 which included a lifetime warranty if any bubbles or mis coloration appears. Definitely be back to get my sound system installed as they do alarms tint and sound all at this location.  Even have Wi-Fi while you wait. And if you like dogs you can throw their german Shepard's ball for him, he's very nice. Had a nice experience.
5 Just picked up my car. They did a really good job on tinting. This is my second tinting job from them. Thank you.
5 Great place to get your cars tinted and they also provide other services.  Decent prices as well.
