2 This Big Lots is kind of in a sketchy neighborhood it's kind of tucked away. Inside the store there were things everywhere and out of place. It was a mess trying to find what I was looking for. They were either doing inventory or restocking things but it was difficult to get through the aisles.
4 Each store slightly different with inventory, but basically they have the basics.  Some stores are more organized and well kept.  Some are dirty and merchandise are thrown everywhere.   Overall this store is always kept clean and put up.  I have notice a few more employees around putting inventory on the shelves, and working to keep the store clutter free.  Good place to pick up unexpected items, not sure what you'll find when you, I stumbled across a Waverly curtain that just happened to match my comforter I got at Tuesday Morning, go figure.  Anyway, good store.
5 Great store, even better prices. I wouldn't recommend the electronics section, but everything else... YES. Especially the makeup; they have name brands at 1/4 the cost or less.
3 I actually enjoyed shopping here and would frequent it again. Customer service was excellent, greeted us as we came in (that is my biggest aspiration when I visit a business) and as we left. Were on the hunt for apartment stuff, so we stumbled upon Big Lots on our way to 808 for lunch. The sign advertised a 20% off additional sale, so naturally, I dragged my bf in. Selection was good, not excellent, and I left with a collander, cutting board, clothing rack, trash can, and miscellaneous cleaning supplies. 20% off was subtracted from my total, and I was happy with the price. I even signed up to receive future mailings hehe. The mark-down on the rating is due to the limited space; really cramped, it would be difficult for claustrophobians to move around. The selection could also have been improved with more name-brand items.
3 Mostly meltdown of garbage nobody wants to buy. Store is messy and unorganized. Employees are not sharp. This place compares to RAC rental crap and you know who those clients are...
