1 if I have never gone to the shop and had a part be in stock. I mean basic stuff like a clutch kit for the new 450's!?!??  all you will find in stock is old gear and oils at high prices.
5 The people there are extremely helpful! My bike broke down on me and I walked a few miles to get there to buy a battery. They got me the item, lent me some tools and even drove me back to my bike so I could swap it. It's good to know that there are still people out there willing to help.
5 My Honda VTX broke down on the 215.  I called for a tow.  Not being from Las Vegas, I asked the tow truck driver where I could find a Honda dealer, and he took me here.  It was near closing time on a Saturday (the service department is not open on Sunday or Monday), so I knew I would need to leave the bike at the shop and return to Las Vegas later. Tim Shepler in service was terrific.  And I was at the shop's mercy.  When I called in and was told the bike was fixed - and that it only cost $115 including parts - I was very relieved.  A less honest dealer could have taken me for a ride - but they didn't.  In fact, they left the bike clean and shiney.  I am grateful that if I had to break down that I did so only 6 miles from this shop.
2 Rude!  I like to browse and like most of us we don't like to be bothered.  They are very pushy.  Trying to sell sell sell.  If I were to buy, it wouldn't be from them.  I did get an oil change from them, and it was more expensive than what I pay from the dealer.  They also tried to get me to have service done that was not necessary.  Most of my problem is with the floor staff.  I've walked in a few times with intentions on buying something and left simply because I felt uncomfortable.  Just not a good vibe.
4 I purchased my motorcycle from Ride Now @ Rancho and I regret it.  I have all my servicing done at this store on Boulder Hwy instead.  I can't speak for their Sales Dept. but I definately recommend their Service Dept., sure it's a deallership so bit pricey but I don't want to take any chances with some unknown Mom and Pop store. I always got quality service from Boulder Store, very friendly and knowledgeable staff, and they never seem overwhelmed like they do at the service dept on Rancho.
4 Although this store is on the opposite side of town, its worth the drive. Came here to look at buying me a dirtbike awhile back, and although we didnt end up getting one from here, the staff was very helpful and knowledgable, and answered every questions we had. They seem to be well stocked on alot of things from riding gears, casual clothings, tools and parts. I wish I could remember the name of the salesperson we spoke with, he was very helpful. We'll be coming back here in the near future.
3 I am not big into motorcycle or ATVs, etc. However, my husband is, therefore I have been to Ridenow on a few occasions. On our last trip we went to look at ATVs. Usually these trips are just to satiate my husband's desire to look at what he refers to as his "toys".  Overall the store is in good shape and it's clean, bright, and large. You can browse and walk around easily to look at all the merchandise.   Downside is - customer service isn't that great. Although we are often greeted no sales person really asks what we're looking for. Perhaps they just wait for you to come to them... not sure.  Another downside - their ATVs seem to be older models. My husband noted they did not have any of the newer ones he had been looking at online.   We've never actually bought anything here so I can't comment on a purchasing process. Maybe sometime in the future we will actually buy something here, until then the 3 star rating will do.
1 I had bought a dirtbike a few months prior and got completely ripped off. The people are friendly and helpful but too friendly. They gave me an extended warranty and told me it comes with it only to find out that they charged me 700 for that same extended warranty plus other additional charges that added up to almost 1600 dollars. WILL NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH THEM AGAIN.
5 Art notified me about a special sale they were having on honda 50cc, his call happened to come right before I driving out to get a used bike from CL having given up getting a new bike for my daughter.  Deal was great, bike perfect and now she'll have a shiny new bike for not a lot more than I was going to pay for a 15 year old used one.  If they don't have what you are looking for at the price you can pay, don't be afraid to leave them contact info for when a deal comes around. Super stoked.. thanks guys
1 Was lied to by the finance guy on the monthly payment mount of my bike by approx 50%.  They had a promotion at the time of my purchase, I was not given the free helmet.  They didn't give me my paperwork I signed until 3 days after, when they delivered the bike.  I had to file a BBB complaint before they would return my calls.  Stay away from this shady place!
5 I picked up my first motorcycle here, and the staff was friendly and helpful during my several visits to pick out the winner.   Their service staff has been extremely professional and friendly as well during my first year of ownership, no complaints and the bike has been running smooth as glass for over a year and over many hard miles.   I am looking forward to seeing which of those beautiful custom Vulcan 900s is destined to be mine next!
5 I bought my second motorcycle here on Saturday. I've only owned two bikes now but because of my shrewdness with purchasing large dollar items that require loans I've participated in the purchasing of seven motorcycles in total.   The entire Staff is amazing. Very helpful, knowledgeable, friendly, and courteous. I had gone to another leading Kawasaki dealership in town before coming back to Ridenow and while the others were just as friendly, they were hard to work with as far as getting the price i knew was fair. There was no hassle at at Ridenow on Boulder. I spent maybe 5 minutes  talking with the F&I guy to get a very, very good price for my bike and a friend who was also purchasing a new bike that day.   Excellent service all around. You can get the best pricing here and the atmosphere feels very relaxed.
5 I have not had any luck in buying anything motor vehicles as it's like Tobin Dodge in there.  But parts and service are great.  I ordered parts for my dads 97 Goldwing reasonable price and quick delivery.   I ordered a rear tire for my 2010 ultra classic and they had the exact tire for 150 bucks less.  Judy in service is the best they kept me informed and even called to ask if I wanted the rear brakes done.  They gave me a price dramatically lower then Other places so I had them do it. All said and done I for rear breaks and a new rear tires all installed and out the door for $280. That's a huge savings.  I will defiantly be back.
