1 Travelocity is notorius for false advertizing.  Low fares advertized yet no such deals ever existed.  They claim that they have already been taken.  But if they were taken, they would appear as "sold out" or "no longer available".  I want to know why travelocity is allowed such false advertizing.    When I call customer service, the representatives are slow, don't listen, need to have information repeated several times.   When I ask for a supervisor, the supervisor never comes on whether I wait ten minutes or leave the phone on speaker phone for an hour  Try Expedia or any other travel service.  Travelocity = SCAM!!!
1 Travelocity= Frustration and Grey Hair!   Spent almost 5 hours speaking with 5 different customer service reps in INDIA, trying to cancel my reservation. They answer your questions from the book and not by the situation.
1 Talk to India to get any answers.  If you cancel your flight, they do not refund it, they give you a credit.  The airline charges you a change fee, then Travelocity charges you an additional fee.  In my case, a $169 flight, airline charges $100, Travelocity charges $40.  THAT'S 40%!  Just to take another reservation.  I'll eat the $29 before I give these thieves another dollar.  Just to clarify, I checked on my own, to see what I could do for a flight... I can book one for cheaper without them!  Boy am I a sucker for using this service.  Not a deal, just a scam for the lazy (myself included in this... not again)
1 Please don't ever book with them. I recently booked a trip through Travelocity of which he recommended American Airlines as better than any other and it was mired expensive but I did it anyway to make sure my kids were comfortable. The flight he arranged was horrible. Next I reserved a 2 bedroom pool view room and he forgot to mention the pool view so I got stuck with a parking lot view. When I called to complain, no one was helpful and would not take any responsibility for their mistake. I paid over $4000.00 for this mistake. What a ripoff. I hope no one ever has to go through what I went through. I will also be writing a letter to them and hope their right he mistakes that they've done.  What a vacation I ended up having.
