5 I actually loved this place, It wasn't bad at all. The guy who did my pedicure did such a wonderful job... Best pedicure I've ever had, and I always go to different places trying to find a good place to go. But after coming here, I think I found my permanent place :)
5 great customer service.  staff is very friendly.  clean and have very comfortable massage chairs!  free wi-fi!
2 Let me start off by saying my BIGGEST pet peeve is when mainly Vietnamese ran nail salons speak Vietnamese LOUDLY in front of guests about them. Whenever I go get my nails done anywhere, I speak English so that I can observe how their behavior is. I think that it's highly unprofessional to talk shit about your customers in a different language when they're sitting right there. Like how much they tipped you or if you think they're crazy. If someone tips you a certain amount, that's because they think it's the amount you deserve. They don't have to tip you. If you have bad things to say, please take it to the break room or hell, say it in English.  When I first walked in, there was a man chilling on the couch who said Hi to me and and I greeted him back. Then I walked to the reception area hoping to find someone to assist me with getting a gel french manicure. It turns out, the man chilling on the couch, along with a few other ladies worked there! I actually thought that they were customers waiting for their turn (even though it was DEAD in there, should've been the first sign of trouble) with how 'laxed they were being.   Billy, who did my nails was very nice. I eventually told him that I was Vietnamese as well so when his coworkers started going off about their girls not tipping enough and the crazy people they had to work on at that moment in Vietnamese, he was starting to look pretty embarassed. He was really gentle when he did my nails which was a + for me since I've had some bad experiences with the cuticle cutter.  I am highly disappointed that there's already a chip in my gel manicure after 2 days, which is supposed to be on point for at least 2 weeks! I haven't done any vigorous activties and I definitely make sure I watch out for nails when I'm lifting at the gym. So... what happened? Lol.  Ay dios mio! I am never going to get my nails done at a different location than my usual just because of convenience again.
3 Jenny was amazing. But DON'T get your nails done by the guy. You will waste a lot of money!!! Less than a week later every nail was badly lifting. The primer he used was crap. Not only that but a crack he fixed by just placing acrylic over snapped the nail three days later tearing my real nail. It bled pretty bad and hurt for days. The acrylic area by my cuticles was really rough too. Like it wasn't worth him filing it down. My nails looked like garbage a week later.
1 The guy that put on a full set went entirely too fast.  He was finished in about 20 minutes and, guess what, they began lifting within days and two completely popped off.  Plus, I went in about 15 mintues after they opened and they had to ask me to sign in and come back 15 minutes later because their employee was running late.  Bad service and bad workmanship.  I won't be back.
5 I live in LA and visit vegas every few months and I never forget to get my treatment. There are so many nail salons in Vegas but Color Nails is definitely my favorite!! It's so spacious! Most salons are so crowded and they just try to get the job done to get money; Color Nails is totally opposite! They take pride in their quality work. They treat me so well all the time and make sure I'm happy with what they've done! Their prices are reasonable and it's in such a good location! I can't wait till my next visit to LA!!
