3 Order online and track your delivery!  Except it was 20 minutes later than the tracking said they left the store.  Dominos is pretty consistent with their pizza.  We ordered 2 medium 2 topping pizzas $5.99 each and then $9.99 for 14 wings.  Bill came to $26 so I am guessing there was a delivery fee which I failed to check.   Pizza #1 - Thin crust, extra bbq sauce, chicken and pineapple.  It was perfect.  I wish I had some right now.  Pizza #2 - regular crust, extra Robust tomato sauce with jalepenos and pineapple.  It was pretty good though I preferred the other.  Wings - Spicy and "slimy".  I don't know what it is with these places.  Seems I have only had non-slimy wings from our friends at BWW. Hm.  (anyways grilled them up and they were better)  All in all this is Dominos-nothing real special -just the usual chain place pizza. Nothin too crazay.... its just a "quick lets order some fast pizza cuz I don't want to cook right now" place.
5 This is chain pizza place...so you cant compare it to a traditional specialty pizza parlor..i.e. Mom and Pops place.  As a chain pizza place, the quality is pretty good. Really cant complain.  I've order pizza here many time... Melissa is usually the one making it. She does a fantastic job!  Service:Good Presentation:Good  Quality:Good (its a chain pizza place). Just like you cant compare Taco Bell to a authentic Mexican restaurant.   So far no issues. From order to pick up is usually about 15-20 minutes.  5/5 for a chain pizza parlor!!!
1 Burnt nasty food, missing key ingredients like the meat on the Philly steak...c'mon. Regardless if it's late and you're itching to go home, poor food and poor service is unacceptable. Your job is not hard. I'm pissed I even left a tip. It's only because I'm a server that I know how much tips help...not ordering from here again.
4 When it comes to pizza delivery, flip a coin, because your experience will change daily.  Overall, I'm not disappointed.  It has to be pretty bad. Pizza is hard to screw up, because even overcooked is really extra crispy lol, so I don't mind. Unless my pizza is charcoal, or missing ingredients, I'm happy.  Delivery is prompt and food is tasty.  Happy to have a gluten free option too.
1 Disgusted. My first and last time ordering from this dominos. I ordered HOT wings and got REGULAR soggy fatty wings. I could have probably saved money by making my own or throwing some frozen hot wings in the oven from the frozen section of the grocery store. My pizza which was thin and crispy looked like a card board burnt disc. Sad this what I ordered to feed my son for lunch. Never again. Ill stick with pizza hut.
