5 i'm a regular here.. the ladies are always very friendly..  it's clean and very comfortable.  the decor isn't overbearing and it's quiet.    each time i get up to get my hands done, someone is coming and cleaning the foot tub with clorox which is a good.    they take their time and never rush.   love the service here!  they're awesome.
3 I came for a pedicure and I won't be going back. The water was way too hot and she did a poor job. Also, i felt rushed. I've definitely had better from other places.
4 I've been going here for the last year and a half and not quite sure why I never thought to write a review - I guess it's better late than never!  Anyway, this is a great go-to salon when you are in a hurry and want a quick mani pedi, brow wax, whatever.  It's nothing over the top or super fancy but very clean and the staff is always pleasant and accommodating!
3 My friend and I were in the neighborhood and needed manis STAT. One thing I do appreciate about living in a city vs. living rurally is that you can drive 100 yards in any direction and hit a nail salon. +1 for city life!   However, I can't say that I'll be back to this salon. It was not a super friendly atmosphere and the nail polish started chipping off the next day. What was good about it is that we were in and out within 20 minutes, with only $14 spent for a manicure. Everything was clean and while it lasted, my nails looked good, but just not the permanence that I was hoping for.
4 pretty good nail polish selection. mia did my pedi. pretty satisfied. didn't really like the massage chair. cushion is so thin it kinda hurt my back
5 I been going to this place on and off  for years now and had tried a few of the girls. Most of them are very good and friendly.  Recently, I been going to their newest girl Mia  and she is EXTREMELY good! I mean she really pays attention to details. When it comes to my nails, I do like when they make sure they look and feel perfect. After all, I do have to wear them every day!
1 First I picked a design and the lady not only didn't do the design I chose but it took her 1 1/2 hrs just do do gel. She told me that  I would only be charged $25 for the inconvenience and without my permission had the audacity to FRAUDULENTLY charge my card $40!!!!
5 I'm new to the area and needed to find a new nail salon. Some girls that worked near by said they love Relax Nail & Spa. I dropped in without an appointment today. I waited less than 5 min before being seated at Jenny's station.   Jenny was wonderful. I'm very picky about my nails. I like them thin and I'm a perfectionist about every detail. She filled them beautifully and just to my liking. She also helped me find the most perfect shade of red gel polish. She was quick and efficient and personable. I'll be returning in 2 weeks for a fill.   If you're looking for a new nail place, look no further. Go to Relax Nail & Spa and ask for Jenny! :)
1 Where to begin? Went in for a pedicure. She rounded my toenails, they were square to begin with. I've never ever had a place shape toenails round. She filed way too rough and got under my nail a few times which was very painful. She cut the skin around the nail. Which is a huge no no for those of you that don't know, it makes it look good, but it is illegal and can cause you to contract any sort of fungus or infection that may be on their tools (tinea pedis, mrsa, etc.). Then she painted the polish carelessly on and tried to make up for it by going around with nail polish remover, which just smudged it and apparently she thought that was good enough. The "massage" was nonexistent. Also, she dropped the hot towel on the floor and then picked it up and put it on my legs anyway, gross. Just a gross place with zero result.
