3 Went here with my girl! She was craving some Lao food. This place wasn't bad at all.
5 Friendly staff, good prices, check them out for all your Thai / Laos food needs.
5 Best place to get Laos food! In the back of their store you can sit down or do take out. My favorite dishes there is their Kao Piak (chicken noodle soup)-Kao Poun (chicken coconut curry soup)-beef Larb and Laos Style Papaya salad! Everyone there is friendly. So if your wanting good home cooked Laos food check this place out!!
4 I love this place simply because of the fresh Laotian and Thai food.  I am often intimated because of all the old ladies in the place speaking to each other. I just wish I knew what they were saying. But they have never been rude to me. In fact, they are always so nice.  In addition to the awesome food you can get here, I scored a great mortle and pestle for $10.00. Not possible to find this deal anywhere else.   I love the assortment of Thai and Loas sauces they make that you can find in the refrigerated section as well.
4 A lot of people don't know about this place! They serve authentic Laotian food in the back of the store. This is my go to place when I don't feel like cooking and I'm on that side of town.  I've pretty much have tried everything on their menu. It's written in Lao so you'll have to ask them what they have. I've never been disappointed, my kids know everyone there by now.  We've always had generous portions of food whether it was dine in or to go. Papaya salad Lao style is the way to go with sticky rice! My fav is the nam kao (Laotian fried rice with cured pork sausage) and kao piek sen (homemade udon noodle soup with chicken). The beef larb is something my husband orders every time were there.  The only thing that keeps me going there regularly is the distance! Living in the southwest part of town, we are lacking any Laotian stores in the area and home cooked food for that matter.
5 This has become my go-to Asian market! Why deal with the hassle (and traffic) of driving to Chinatown? This place is small, but they cram a lot of goodness into a tiny space.  They really have everything I need and want (plus more). Case in point: Thai basil and kaffir lime leaves.  I have at times driven to 5-6 different stores around town looking for these items.  They have them! Plus lemongrass, galangal, a million sauces, curry pastes and noodles.  Including the GOOD Maesri Thai curry pastes that I love.  Thai chiles, tofu, baby Thai eggplants, fresh rice noodles?  AND for you meat eaters, they serve freshly made Laotian food! It's cheap, convenient (NE corner of DI and Pecos, right behind the McDs), awesome.   $10 minimum for credit/debit cards.
3 I see this place on my way to the gym and I decided to pull in, as I was looking for bean paste for the dish I was making for a potluck.  I took a stab and thought that they may have had some there. This place is obviously a specialty store and caters to South East Asian foods and goods.  It's not a huge place but it was clean and friendly.  I was here for maybe 5 minutes and then asked if they had what I was looking for.  Long story short, they didn't have any bean paste, and I knew I was taking a chance.  But, they couldn't have been nicer to me and apologized for not having my item.
4 Hella far from where I live, but worth the drive and gas to get my hands on authentic lao food. I love there papaya salad, make sure you ask for lao style it is sooooooo delicious, just make sure your not kissing anyone afterwards HAHAHA cause your breath will be kicking like VAN DAMNN ! My other favorite dish to order is GOY or larb seen( raw mince beef with some B in it haha) the lao folks know what im talking about. You could even eat there if you like, if you don't want to stink up your car and take it home haha.       The owners are very nice people, very friendly and alwayse smiling thats why we love coming here. Besides the hot food, theres asian vegetables, jael bong(chilli paste) balut(baby duck egg) rice and many more. Parking is easy to find the only negative I could find is the the distant from my house haha.
5 It is as good as it gets.  This small & quaint market is always my go to spot. Especially, If I am in the food for some Thai or Laos food. You cannot go wrong with anything here, especially the papaya salad and larb. And if you love soo moo (fermented pork sausage), they have some of the best here. And their soups, from the chicken noodle to curry soup.   Gael Kapi (fermented fish hot sauce) & Gael Bong (sweet & thick spicy paste) are two of my favorites sauces you can find here.  The quality and freshness of their prepared food & products is always consistent - fresh and superb.   Their prices are hard to beat as well when it comes to their fresh produce and food. You might pay a slight premium on other items such as canned or dry good but since this is closer to me and I don't have to go to China town, I am okay with that.   Again, I cannot stress enough how awesome the staff is here.
5 NOT FOR EVERYONE  Reminds me of eating street vendor food in Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam. Authentic, wholesome fresh, fundamental foods for the ordinary folks.  If you don't mind sharing a bench table and dining inside a grocery store with the locals, this could a very rewarding epicurean adventure for some. If you don't care to share a table, takeout might be a better alternative.  It's a grocery store with a limited inventory of products, produce and dry goods for Southeast Asians especially Laos, Cambodians and Thais. In fact the people here speak all three languages plus English.  In the back of the store on the right side, there's simple kitchen and dish out counter of eight items. Majority are soups to add to the rice or rice noodles.  I ordered their beef noodle soup and Yu-go chauffeur went for two items of chicken curry plus roasted chicken with rice. Of course everything was fresh from the grocery store's inventory. Kinda convenient I would say. There were three women operating the kitchen.  The one lady who assisted us was named "Air." She was incredibly nice. Of course when they're not busy, they would do other grocery related chores.  Our lunch cost just $12... talk about a bargain and a half.  There's lots of other goodies that I want to try.  Half of the cooked items are vegetarian friendly.  Every cooked item was so very tempting. So, another trip back is a must.  Convenient large parking lot in front.
4 This is my go to place for Asian ingredients. It's the most fully stocked Laos/Thai specialty market in town in my honest opinion. The store itself is large. They have all of the cooking equipment you need. They have all of the sauces and ingredients you need to make authentic Thai and Laos food at home.  I admit that Chinatown has a lot of the same things for cheaper, but I support the family owned places.   They also have a little restaurant in the back. You'll find red chicken curry and even authentic Laos chicken noodle soup. You'd be hard pressed to find it anywhere unless you make it at home.
5 Nothing beats a mom and pop store/restaurant. It's pretty far from where I live but whenever I get a chance to go eat some home cooked Laotian food, I'd like to come here. They have pretty much anything you can find in a local Asian groceries store. The prices are a bit higher but they have items like fresh kaffir lime leaves, Laotian cooking tools  and a few other items you can not find at 168 or even SF Market.   If you go towards the back of the store, there's a hot food items that they serve there or do a take-out. One of the best Laotian food I've had there. A must have are their awesome papaya salad (Lao style) & chicken noodle soup! My personal favorite is the nam kaow (mixed rice wrapped) We literally just come for that!   If you have a little difficulties ordering, ask Eric to order for you (he is at the register).
5 I love everything about this market...I love the food especially the nam. I buy all my ingredients here when I feel like cooking some Lao food for my husband.
4 I've been craving for papaya salad for quite some time now so decided to give this place a try. Exactly like many other reviews,  this place is located in the back of the grocery store.  There's a small table in the back where you can sit and eat after placing an order.  The food took some time to come out but the quality was more than average.  The papaya salad was very flavorful. The beef noodle soup was ok. Overall the experience was worth a try.  I'll have to consider coming back though.  I do like a nice sit down restaurant better and will search for a better place. If good food is more important than presentation then this place won't bother you.  In fact,  you might enjoy this place.
