5 I recently moved to Vegas, so I didn't have a vet for my bunny, Lulu. I was nervous about finding her a new one and know that not many vets do "exotics", as rabbits are often considered.  I checked out the website for the Las Vegas House Rabbit society and while their info was dated, I was able to hunt down Dr. Kolmstetter at Caring Hands.  I called and Carolyn at the front desk got Lulu in the same day for a nail trim (or "bunny pedi" as I call them). And since it was my first time in, Dr. K did a first exam.  I really appreciated her handling of Lulu -- she was tender, but assertive and Lulu didn't panic like she used to with her former vet, who is great in his own right, but I think we both really enjoyed Dr. Kolmstetter's bedside manner.  And I was comforted to know that Dr. K really knows her stuff re: rabbits (and that I'm doing everything I'm supposed to do to care for Lu).  Their practice was clean, inviting and well-maintained. The staff was lovely and I feel confident leaving Lulu with them should I need to board her in the future.  Thanks, Caring Hands!
2 I was disappointed in the way this practice handled the departure of our vet, Dr. Kolmstetter.  We were never alerted that she was changing practices, so when I found out, I was pretty upset. It's challenging to find a vet that specialized in exotics, so if there had been an emergency with our rabbit, Lulu, we'd have been screwed with no confidence in where to take her in North Vegas or if the vet would have experience with exotics.   When I called to make an appointment is when I found out that Dr. K had left the practice. The staff on the phone when I called was very "oh well" about it. Despite their assertion that they could "maybe do a nail trim", I had no intention of bringing Lulu back there.  I think you should notify your patients that their doctor is leaving your practice. It's your practice, so ultimately, they're YOUR patients.  If there had been an emergency, I'd have been in an even more stressful situation. That was disappointing.
4 I was unfamiliar with this facility before doing a Google search for affordable heartworm testing and prevention.  I know that it's uncommon in NV but with the increase of stagnant pools combined with how much I love my fur babies prevention seemed like a no brainer.  My regular vet also recommended I get them on the monthly meds because God forbid they did get it the cost can be staggering versus the cost of prevention.   I had called around and the average cost for testing is about $45, which times four is what had me checking prices.  Here I paid $28 a piece to have them tested and a reasonable price for the meds, which also includes a manufacturer rebate.  The vet also did a courtesy exam on them and there was no office visit fee.    The receptionist, Mondo, was friendly on the phone and in person as was the doctor.  I noticed while I was waiting that they offer monthly health plan options that cover dental cleanings, wellness checks, vaccinations, etc., for a reasonable monthly rate.
1 Worst experience at a veterinary office.  I had a 9:30 appointment and this was my first visit.  I had already researched their website (www.caringhandsvetlv.com), and I had a good impression of this place... UNTIL I CAME HERE.  First off, Mando (receptionist and veterinarian's son) was very rude to me.  I was explaining the reason for my visit, and he kept questioning my concern.  His attitude was so cold and harsh and I felt like he was dismissing my concern and the obvious symptoms that I wanted checked.  He's in no position to diagnose or assume anything about a pet's health, so he shouldn't dismiss patients' concerns... leave that to be discussed with the veterinarian.  I came early to check-in and fill out paperwork (which I was surprised there was NO paperwork-- unusual).  They didn't want any history of medical conditions, allergies, or anything beyond the name and age of the pet.  Doesn't seem very thorough to me.  Then, I get to the exam room and see a FILTHY exam table with cat hair and tiny black droppings all over it!  Remember, I was the first patient of the day.... so they're starting the day with a DIRTY TABLE from the previous day!!!  I couldn't believe no one washed it off, and even when I mentioned it to the staff they shrugged and did nothing!  But the real kicker is when I overheard the vet tech telling someone over the phone that the doctor wasn't there yet.  At this point, I'm now 15 minutes past my appointment time waiting in a dirty exam room.... and I find out the veterinarian isn't even here!!!  So again, I questioned the staff and the female vet tech was apologetic, but shrugged her shoulders as if to say "sorry, but this business as usual" or "this is normal for us".  Meanwhile, Mando was defensive saying that I came early so it's not the doctor's fault for being late!  What the hell kind of response is that?!?!  It's 15 minutes past my scheduled appointment time and you don't have the decency to let me know that the doctor is running late?  I have to overhear it from the vet tech to find out.  They should respect patients' time and let them know if there's an emergency and the doctor is running late... but in this case, it wasn't an emergency-- it's just poor professionalism of the veterinarian with not showing up for his own scheduled appointments!  I was prepared to sign up for their annual health plan (approx. $400), and this whole situation could've been resolved with a simple apology, common courtesy, and fixing their mistakes.  Mando should've said "I'm sorry about the wait, but I spoke with the veterinarian and he's on the way".  Then, they should've acknowledged the dirty exam table and cleaned it, or better yet... switch me to another room with a clean table.  Heck, even if they took a small discount off the total for all the trouble, I would've been happy with that and a simple apology.  Instead, they lost my business (I walked out) over the poor service and attitude of Mando... and remember, he's the veterinarian's son!!!  You can tell that he was hired due to family ties, and certainly NOT for his abilities or customer service.  I hope this place improves.  I would love to hear from the veterinarian (if he could be timely with his response, since he wasn't on time for the visit).  For now, I hope anyone reading this AVOIDS this veterinarian office.  Filthy exam tables and rude service aren't worth it.     ~~ FYI ~~  their website is outdated and doesn't say anywhere that they charge $0.35 fee for debit and credit card transactions.  (You'll find that out when you get there).  This is the first time I've seen a veterinary office do that.  I know 35 cents isn't much, but it could quickly add up if someone had frequent visits for exams, grooming, vaccines, etc.  It's just another way to nickel and dime patients.
5 My dog received a large gash on his side from a fence....  I took my dog to my normal vet office for stitches to be quoted over $600!  When I asked the vet at my normal dr why it was so much and why he had to place my dog under general anesthesia and stated the fact that I've always been happy with their service and prices....  This vet said "those days are over."   Referring to prices.  I asked if we could just do a local and sedative and stitch and he would not do it!  I ended up leaving his office with my hurt dog feeling like I had no where to go.  I drove down the street and found Caring Hands and walked in to see their vet.   He was extremely helpful, understanding and compassionate.   I was quoted $322.00!  The doctor did a beautiful job, I only waited 20 minutes for my dog to be fixed and the entire staff was very friendly and helpful.  Needless to say.....   This is my new vet of choice.  I am an extremely happy customer with the service, care of my pet and cleanliness of office.  I will be back with my other dogs.   Great experience!  A BIG thank you to Caring Hands Animal Hospital!
