5 The service here is friendly, quick and thorough.  Jan always has a smile waiting for you and is quick to communicate updates.  They are honest about pricing and how long it will take to get your vehicle up and running.  Kenny is always fast, efficient and makes every effort to come under estimated quotes for his labor.  Every time my family has come here to service their cars they have been impressed.
5 I checked the reviews of various places before I came here and I liked what I saw. I was not disappointed. I got excellent service and I believe an excellent price as compared to some other quotes I had. I will be going back for the rest of the work I need done. It was important to me not to feel ripped off or pressured because as a single woman I need to be able to trust where I take my car. I do believe I have found the place I will return to time and again. Thanks to everyone.
1 do not trust these guys!!! do not, do not, do not!! we took our vehicle in to have a transmission service, they said it would be a waste of money to do it as we needed it rebuilt!! we had a cracked front fluid pump in the transmission... he knew that even though he never even took it out.... they wanted to charge us $2500-$2700 to rebuild our transmission....we had a bad feeling about them so took it elsewhere, we got a second opinion, from honest experts this time, all we needed was  a service and was told we needed to replace the gasket....we took it to sin city car clinic, the most honest mechanic we have found, they charged us a total of $115!!! thank you so much sin city car clinic for saving us $2585!!!!!!  these guys at aamco are dishonest and only after your cash!! we noticed that they give free oil changes for good reviews online, is that the only way they get good reviews?? because in our opinion and experience they sure don't deserve a good review.....steer clear, very clear of these guys at aamco in henderson on american pacific drive.....very bad people who try to swindle customers in these bad economic times, they should be ashamed of themselves......
5 Thank you so much for the great service!! I was new to town and desperately needed a place to have my transmission rebuilt. When I arrived, they were friendly and quick to help. They contacted my warranty company and worked with them through the whole process. They kept me updated on the status of the repairs and let me know right away when my car was ready. Thanks again and I will recommend anyone to this Aamco. Thanks again!
1 This place is a Joke !! Your better off trying to fix it yourself !! I had to bring my car back 3 times and they didn't want to give me a rental. They had my car for 6 weeks the first time and I've had my car back for a month now and having to take it back again !! What a joke ! Please take your car somewhere else .
3 Paid $90 for an inspection and oil / filter change. Upon getting home, the washer fluid reservoir needed refilling. They told me they did not have time to check the cabin air filter, which is a 5 minute inspection on my car. They gave me brake wear percentages, but no tire wear percentages. I paid $90 for an oil change, which is about 20% more expensive than the dealer. I'd probably come here again, except get a lower price on the oil change, and do the inspection myself. They did not try to upsell me on anything, which is a breath of fresh air. I felt they were honest and sincere, just not as comprehensive as I wanted them to be considering I was paying for a service I did not completely receive.
1 Called these guys up to find out how much it would be to change out my radiator, because I had good luck with them in the past.  Stan says on the phone "dont quote me but somewhere between $500-$900.  OK, so based on my past experience i decided to trust them.  Left it with them with their promise to call me and let me know how much the work would cost before they do it.  Sooooo the next day i get a call saying my truck is ready and the bill is $952.  Remember, this is just a radiator changeout.  The radiator is $152 from autozone and the hoses are $20 apiece, so naturally i want an explanation as to why no call and why so ridiculously high.  The guy behind the counter named "Duff", says, "well didnt stan tell you yesterday that it could be as high as $900?  Duff tells me that i have to talk with Stan to explain the bill.  So i called stan and explained that i am good customer and have used them in the past, but i am feeling a bit taken advantage of, while i am talking stan systematically lowers the bill in $100 increments until he lands on $700.  He explains $700 is the absolute limit because he somehow managed to pay $450 for my radiator!!  Look, something bad has happened to this place, it used to be good, but no longer.  Take your vehicle somewhere else, this place is in serious overcharge mode!
5 i sent one of my customers vehicles down to this aamco and they had me the trans back right on time that they quoted me, great customer service and the trans still leaked when done due to other issues so i took it back and its already fixed anf ready to be picked up after just 2 hours, awesome work guys keep up good work, you will now recieve all of my business.
1 Do not bring your vehicle here unless you want to keep returning your car over and over. The professionalism of this place is terrible. My sister and I share a vehicle and we brought it here for a minor repair. This minor repair turned into two weeks of back and forth back and forth because they couldn't do the job correctly. When we dropped off the car the final time, it had half a tank of gas. When we picked it up, it was empty. How awesome. We are writing a letter to the BBB and I hope this place shuts down. They have zero business being mechanics or running anything.   DONT BRING YOUR CAR HERE AT ALL!!!
