1 Oh how I wish Yelp would allow zero stars.  Ok where to begin...this is going to be long.  If you are lazy, find summation in last paragraph.    A while back I needed a reasonable amount of work done.  The office clerk, told me the charges (which at the time seemed a bit high) but I paid.  Finally I decided to check with my insurance company, and found out that they were billing me more than they needed to.  Armed with this knowledge at my next visit (the work was half done so I had no choice but to return) before I could mention the error they told me "the doc is having a special you can get your fillings for half off" (something to this effect).   Oh a holiday special, SURE.  I knew that this was the amazing credit that was sitting on my account that they wanted to use up instead of refunding me my money.  NO thanks, refund please.  Issue #1  Having no luck looking for a dentist from my friends/family/coworkers, I didn't want to neglect my teeth completely waiting for a reasonable alternative.  I went back to finish out the major work that needed to be done (my fault) which took about 2 more visits.....or so one would think.  I needed a crown.  However, the company the office dealt with, got my crown incorrect, not one, but TWO times.   Ok 2 times, no big deal eh?  Well, for each time they got it wrong, I had to go in and get the tooth template (I'm sure it isn't called that) done AND then go in again so they could tell me it didn't fit.  And I'm a busy person so 4 unnecessary visits are not my cup of tea. Issue #2  Finally, we had a winner.  After my final visit, I was pretty fed up.  I was definitely in the "glue this sucker on and let me go so I never have to see you people again"....mode.  I can't remember but I think I mentioned never coming back (my fault again).    A couple of months later, out of the blue, I received a bill from them.   Weird.  I looked and noticed that it was for a no show.  Scooby says ERR?  No show for what?  I WENT to my LAST appointment.  What is this charge for?  I thought, okay, they haven't really been the best with accounts in the past, I'm sure they'll realize they charged the wrong person eventually.   My fault AGAIN for not calling them IMMEDIATELY.  June comes and I get a notice from a collection company.  WTF!?!   I called the office and Lucille says "oh this is for a no show".  Ok, sure, it says that on the bill.  What I am telling you is that I NEVER planned on returning, so I KNOW, I wouldn't have made an additional appointment.  Her response was "I will have to talk to the doctor".   After NOT receiving a call back...not a complete shocker there.  I call AGAIN.   She says "I talked to the doctor and he remembers being in the room when you made the appointment".   Suuuuuurrrreeee he does.  Remind me again when that appointment "I made"  was.....she says "February 3rd".  Uh huh... it is now July.   I call bullshit.  Issue #3  Why o why did I go back?  Laziness, optimism, naiveté, belief that everyone should have a second chance, or maybe just the belief that they really couldn't be this terrible...could they?  I know that I should have walked away after issue #1, so shame on me.  But shame on them too!  Who needs the added stress of dealing with an office that is inefficient, unapologetic, AND trying to royally screw you at every turn.  The bottom line is this office has some shady practices.  Find somewhere else to go.  I did and I am SO much happier.  Dr Nielsen, enjoy my $50.  Apparently, you needed it very badly.
5 Dr Nielsen is a highly qualified dentist, who I originally found on 1-800-DENTISTS. He has a relatively small practice, and while he may not have all the latest whizz-bang technology, he has what he needs to make accurate diagnoses and to take care of the typical dental problems. I've had him do routine exams. He also replaced a crown and performed a deep gum treatment -- painfree except for the novocaine. You can't get more gentle than that. All were done after thorough exams, and after explaining the procedures and why they were necessary. He is the rare dentist who does only what is necessary, rather than trying to sell you a new mouth. He's exactly the kind of dentist I was hoping to find, and I expect to keep going to him in the future. I highly recommend him; he is highly professional, easygoing and kind of fun, and a family man with high values. Most importantly to me, he keeps his patients' comfort and health as his top priority. His chairside assistant is very capable, too.
5 Dr Nielsen was the first doctor I went to when arriving in Las Vegas. As it happened his office, on the corner of Cheyenne and Soaring Gulls, is only blocks from my new home. Originally, I called another doctor in the office, but he was out for an extended time.  Dr Nielsen took on the job and over the past year and more has helped me tremendously. Dr. Nielsen has a great personality and takes the time to get acquainted and to explain all the procedures. I needed more explanation for something and was able to talk to him on the phone too. He is a graduate of the University of Colorado where he is from and now lives here with his wife.  My previous dentist seemed to be excellent, but now I wonder how much he missed or if he just decided that I could get along with less than excellent care. Over the years I've spent a small fortune trying to keep the set of teeth I was born with. Now, I do not want to waste that effort and money. Dr. Nielsen took care of some neglected areas of my care and in the end I had to have a wisdom tooth pulled, as well as a couple others that did not respond to root canal therapy at Dr. Fife's practice (I wrote a good review on him too.) So he needed to do bridge work, as well. The dental hygienist in the office is also great. She is well informed, intelligent and caring. I might never learn to floss, but if I don't, I hope she will not fire me as a patient. A recent dental hygienist of mine seemed to barely brush the teeth, but not here. When leaving the office I feel as if I should not eat with these pearly whites. Good to know is the office accepts insurance (such as it is) and credit card payments. Dental care is not inexpensive as we all know, but neglecting your teeth will run the bill up much, much heigher. See your dentist twice a year.  Finally, the office is pleasant, very clean and waiting times are minimal with an appointment. Parking is adequate in front of the office. Entry is a little tricky as it is from Soaring Gull going north of Cheyenne. Sometimes I find it easier to park in the big parking lot across the street near Urgent Care and Albertsons super market.
