3 Not being a Las Vegas native made my breakfast experience at Jack in the Box a confusing and difficult one.  The lady in the drive thru seemed be communicating with a combination of Auctioneer and mumbler. She was speaking quickly in with an accent and through the tiny speaker it made the entire experience a bit awkward.  The food was good and the coffee was just the right temperature for drinking.  A good experience overall
3 I hadn't eaten at Jack in the Box for awhile, and after seeing an ad for its new Outlaw Burger, which is made two ways, decided this was worth checking out.  Plus, I've always liked Jack in the Box tacos and still mourn the demise of the Monster Tacos it used to sell.  According to the Jack in the Box employee at the register, rumor is they might be coming back!  The food was good.  (How can one complain anyway about 2 tacos for $1.00?)  But, while one taco was filled with liquid hotness, I had to add a little hot sauce to the other, which was much drier.  Curly tries were tasty--not too crisp and not too soft.  As for the Outlaw Burger, I opted for the hamburger patty version rather than the spicy chicken type, and liked what I was served, but was not thrilled about it.  Served on a hamburger bun with a bed of lettuce, slice of tomato, strip of bacon, and slice of orange cheese, it was really more like a good Cheeseburger than the Bad Boy I thought it would be.  It had BBQ sauce on it, but so little that I found myself repeatedly adding packets of ketchup.  While the food was good, and the restaurant personnel friendly, there were problems here.  The napkin holder was totally empty.  The salt holder had but one packet left.  And, after filling my paper cup with Coke from the drink dispenser, I found that I was slidin' on the linoleum.  I traced the cause of this back to water leaking from the dispenser and rolling across the floor like a slow, onrushing wave.  When I pointed this out to the cashier, he said that this happened all the time, and they regularly mop up the area, adding, "I know.  It's ridiculous"--as if orders were to just keep mopping the floor as needed rather than fix a known mechanical problem with the drink dispenser.  Then an employee quickly mopped up the rollin' water.  Although there is no issue with the food, this place needs to police its supplies better to keep up with its heavy foot traffic, and fix what's broken.
3 In the last 20 plus years, I've probably tried everything on Jack's menu.  Having said that..I got my favorites.  -Breakfast Supreme Croissant -Grilled Chicken Strips -Stuffed Jalapeno's.  The rest of the items on their menu is priced just about right, especially for fast food.  Most items on this menu is fried, high fat, and basically not good for you.  My stops are usually on the way out or on the way home.  Not my first choice for food, but sometimes you just want something quick.   As for their restuarant, it's clean and the service is pretty good.  Drive thru is fairly quick, which is the main reason you find me stopping here.
3 Another day, another fast food lunch at Jack's!  This time it was again two tacos for 99 cents.  Although each taco tasted bitter on the first bite, that quickly yielded to a pretty good Mexican treat with crunchy Iceberg Lettuce, a slice of American Cheese, an oily but crunchy taco shell, and good meat paste with enough mild Hot Sauce inside to confidently elect not to add any more.    I also enjoyed very good Value French Fries, while Diane savored her Bacon Cheddar Wedges.  Staffers were friendly and efficient, and the place was clean.  The total tariff was ridiculously low.  What's not to like?
1 Bad customer service waited for 20 minutes till I can get my order. Employees are dirty and are all clumsy.
3 If you like being acknowledged as a human being, don't come here- at night at least. The lady taking orders is not very pleasant. And on one occasion, whoever made my burger left the cheese paper on.. So yea there's that..(posted pics) Anyway, they have never ever gotten my order wrong and besides the cheese paper incident the food has always been good so 3 stars for that.
4 I often visit this location simply because I live near by. Without questions the staffs are one of the friendliest staff (surprisingly with every single server I've have served me). The reason for the 4 star is simply the sudden policy to charge for every condiments. I guess I would be thinking twice about getting a deal at any Jack in the box!   Keep up the great work and tell the corporate decision makers that they will start to see less customer over this sudden policy changes.
