3 Based on the previous recommendation, I decided to give them a try. I am new to this side of Vegas and needed a pedi and fill. Overall, I was just ok with the experience. I think it was the longest I ever spent in a nail salon. I had to get a new pink/white set, pedi, and brows. I spent nearly 2.5 hours there. They were really slow. I will have to live with my new nails for a day or two to see if I like them. I always went to Desert Nails in the Vons Shopping center off of Durango and Warm Springs and I like them a lot. Still deciding if I will go back to LV Nails. I wouldn't say bad, but not great.
5 I have been looking for an affordable nail spa near me with great customer service and I finally found it!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place I walked in and got my toes done by JO JO she is awesome. I've never had such a great conversation with anyone that has give me a pedicure. I loved the way she treated me and how nice she was. One great plus was that the workers weren't blabbing away in their language I thought it was very respectful. She did a great job and I will definitely become a regular.
5 best nail shop I've ever been to in a while I've been going to them for the past 4 years now and they do a wonderful job on my nails every time. and the eyebrow waxes are great I love them she does them the way I like  . I'll recommend the shop to anyone that lives on the north end of Las Vegas they're great
1 Honestly this place is terrible. The woman there actually knows how to do brows pretty decent and can not do eyelashes consistently. My second time going for the lashes they lasted 4 days and took all my eyelashes off. I got a full set by a male nail tech. There was acrylic all over my cuticles. I asked the receptionist how to get it off she rubbed cuticle oil on my hands which didn't work. When I asked him about it he actually told me to wash my hair or wash dishes and it would come off. Sir .............. What if I had somewhere to be? I have a dishwasher & I haven't did my own hair since 09', that's unacceptable ... Rather than making a big fuss i just left and never came back. Unfortunate too because the location is very convenient for me .
