4 Owner was very helpful with the selection, price and making a great arrangement.
4 24 hour service and Robert really makes an effort to work with you to get what you want. Beautiful arrangements, caters to special requests as best he can, and fair prices. I love that he will fill glass vases with petals of the flowers, it's much more attractive than just looking at stems. We use Robert's at work quite a bit but I've also used them personally. I gave him a basic idea of what I wanted and it came out fabulously, way nicer than I expected. They also do weddings and special events.
2 I live in San Diego and sent flowers to one of our employees working in Las Vegas whose father had passed.The employee did receive the flowers and she said they were beautiful, so I was pleased about that. BUT- he never sent me a receipt as requested and I have called 3 or 4 times to ask for one. Always I get a voicemail greeting and never do I get a call back. It is extremely frustrating. I would be happy to give more stars if I could actually get someone from this business on the phone and a receipt in my hand so I can get reimbursed for the purchase. Has anyone else had trouble reaching this business or getting a call back???
4 I've used Robert's a few times, 2 times in store and one delivery. He' always does a great job and gives a fair price. He's friendly and like to accomodate to what you want and your budget. The presentation is always beautiful and I really like his arrangements he makes. I usually go with the star-gazer lilies. Definitely will use him anytime I'm in Vegas and need flowers.
5 I don't usually write reviews but last week I had an arrangement delivered to my wife for Valentine's Day and she is still talking about how much she loves them. I would say the arrangement has at least a couple more days. The arrangement was much larger than expected and despite it being a busy day for them the quality of flowers and delivery time were great. This was my first time using this florist but definitely won't be my last. Thanks Robert's for helping me make Valentine's Day special for my wife.
2 I give 2 stars for their hours. It's not the greatest feeling when you are embarrassed to hand off one dozen roses as a birthday gift after spending $70 on them cuz the presentaion was so poor. I would only recommend this place if you need emergency flowers at 1am.
5 The staff were very friendly. They walked me to the back and showed me their flower collection and talked to me while they prepared the flowers. My dozen roses looked beautiful and presentation looked amazing.
