4 I wandered into this store one day when I was trying to kill some time away from the casino.  I was the only person in the store, and the salesperson decided to outfit me in several things.  I wish I had photos.  First up, a long (robe like) silk red smoking jacket.  Something that would put Hugh Hefner's jacket to shame.  I loved it.  It was so soft!  However, it was $3,800.  I totally wanted to rock this around my house and possibly ride my skateboard to the mailbox wearing this and house slippers, but really?  Next, let's try some jeans.  Found a pair!  Only problem, they are $1,200.  Don't worry about the price, the guy says, they are 50% off for me.  Ummmm.  Really?  That is still triple what I pay for a 'normal' pair of jeans.  I thought about it, and If he became a she, I became instantly single, and she offered to lock up and help me try them on...maybe I would have fallen for it.  Last up, a complete outfit complete with a dress shirt, several different sport coats, various slacks and jeans, and $10,000 alligator shoes.  I have to admit that I felt good in those shoes and a few of those shirts for a minute standing in the store.  However, all it took was another couple walking in, seeing me, and silently telling me that I looked like Jim Carey all dressed up in the blue tuxedo from Dumb and Dumber to realize that I was not going to make any purchases that day.  If you can rock this attire, and the prices don't bother you, this is the perfect 5-star place to shop.  However, I am not Euro royalty, and I had never heard of this clothing line until the day I walked in.  According to the guy working there, this line is huge with billionaires...all 937 of them?  Maybe I would bump into one later that night eating a corn dog in my new shoes at Slots-O-Fun or something.  Worth a visit.  4-stars for the shopping experience itself.  Ask to feel the softest (custom made) throw rug in the entire world, if that billionaire hasn't picked it up yet.  Thank me later.
5 Excellent selections.  Have to come back ASAP to get a few items
2 Snobby. Did not ask me if I need any help. I may have purchased something if I had help.
