4 This place is on the eastside, and tucked away into a strip mall.  It's not a trendy, hi-end spot...these guys are real artists doing real work.    Jerry, owner, has a calm, positive energy...and true artistic talent.  His brag books are impressive (he's got hundreds of custom fonts), and he apparently does Ne-Yo's body art.  In his workspace, he's got  books on various world cultures and the history of symbols.  I'm pretty sure he even had a copy of the Tibetan book of the Dead.   He's studied in Thailand, China & Japan, and mentioned that he's been invited as a guest artist to shops in Japan and the UK.  These guys know their craft and take it seriously.     I have to gripe because we had to wait 2 hours before even sitting down.  But once in the chair, they were quick, efficient, and had gentle hands.  I paid  $70 for a nice touch-up from his apprentice on a decade-old tat.   And I will be back next week.  I explained to Jerry what I wanted for my next tat...he got it immediately.  He's designing it now and I know it will be stunning.
5 Jerry the owner is one of the best artists in town. He tattoos because he loves it not for the money. My tattoo was not rushed and he made it look great. Prices are very cheap, probably half of any other shop. My favorite place to get tattoos by far!
5 Jerry came out to Portland recently to do my first tattoo and I couldn't be more impressed with how it's started.  The color and detail he put into it was perfect and he's already planning the next phases of it.  I can't wait to see him put the rest of it together.    Couldn't have picked a better artist for my first ink.  Definitely hit this place up if you're in Vegas.
5 Adding a second review since I traveled to Vegas recently and was able to get my tattoo worked by Jerry in the parlor this time.  Jerry's doing my whole right arm sleeve right now and it rocks so far.  Planned an entire video game idea and he's been fantastic with blending everything together and giving it life.  I can't wait to have my whole arm finished whenever we're able to meet up in the future.  Jerry's an extremely relaxing artist to work with and he plays great music in the parlor too.
5 Can I just say... I am a huge fan of Jerry Thomas!  He and his wifey completed my wedding/ honeymoon in the best way ever!   He's currently doing my husband's sleeve and we decided to get wedding tattoos (since we married in Vegas) so Jerry did Lucky Cats for both of us, as well as worked on my dude's sleeve.    I had sent some ideas to him prior to our visit.. but I knew he would come up with the best custom piece for us, and I was right... the lucky cat he drew for us was PERFECT..   So, excitedly, I sat down to get tattooed first.  He was playing my kind of tunes and having a nice conversation with me.  Time passes... I'm done.  I show my hubby and it's his turn.  Jerry rocked these out so fast and perfectly.  He is so kind and such an amazing artist... I am honored to have a custom tattoo by him.   It healed very nicely and I am stoked to see what more comes from him for my hubby's sleeve!    Btw.. I really like that he uses natural and organic products and doesn't use A&D like a lot of artists do.   Yay!
