4 chicken was great! a little pricy for a combo with fries coleslaw and drink but you get really good food for the money. the chicken tasted fresh and was perfectly fried. it also tasted very healthy. it wasnt dripping in oil. will go back just for some strips next time im in vegas.
1 there is  a freakin nail in their bread. i also heard that they had so much complaint in their food quality. never eat in this place ever!!!! especially the one in meadows mall.
3 I found myself at Meadows mall shopping early for Christmas gifts. Shopping can sure work up an appetite! I personally love Great Steak because I love their Philly Cheese sandwiches! My husband doesn't so we had to compromise. We decided to go to Chicken Now to get basic chicken tenders. I found out  later it's cheaper just to get a meal. The sauce that they serve with the chicken tastes really similar to Canes except Chicken Now's sauce is a bit on the salty side. The menu is a little more extensive then Canes they have things like chili cheese fries if you like that kind of stuff. They also serve the Texas toast with their meals like Canes.
3 Awesome chicken amongst the best.  Nachos could have more chicken and condoments. Monster fries also great but the original chicken is hands down the winner!!!!
1 Let me start off by saying they deserve no stars at all!!!   Boyfriend and I waited a few minutes for anyone to even take our order.   I ordered the grilled chicken quesadilla a la carte for $5.44 and an order of monster fries to share for $3.99. Boyfriend ordered the 5 piece buffalo tenders a la carte as well for $6.44.   My quesadilla was a single soft taco sized tortilla folded in half. Could not even see the cheese from the side. Came with some lettuce and chopped tomatoes with about 6 stale tortilla chips and a blob of sour cream. Chicken was very blah.  Monster fries looked like French fries that had previously been fried then refried to our order. (working in the food industry I am very aware many places will blanch the fries but this was not the case) crunchy oil soaked fries topped in what I believe was chili, 3 jalapeño slices, about 5 pieces of diced tomato butts and some cheese. Oh almost forgot about the almost non existent bacon bits.   My boyfriends chicken was drenched in the buffalo sauce and just wasn't very appetizing. He came home and was sick for an hour!   This was the worst $20 I have ever spent on food!!! We will never be eating here again.
4 Honestly, I don't know what everyone is complaining about. I eat here almost every time I come to Meadows Mall and I love it. My food is never stale or bad, it they typically give me more than they are suppose to...even the first time I ate here they did.   The only problem I can think of is some of the younger kids that work here. They don't pay attention and are a little rude....Kool-aid is super sweet sometimes too. Otherwise, I've never had problems and neither have all the friends I recommend this place to.
5 Surprising fresh and flavorful food.  We ordered the Ceasar Chicken Wrap, Chicken Nachos and Chicken Strips.  Portions were generous and we enjoyed them very much.  Recommend this place highly.  Will return if in the area again.
1 they are not consistent with their serving , evry crew has its own way of making menu.. not going here anymore! the service is good but the quality of food is horrible!
