3 As far as hotels go, this is what you would likely expect.  A small hotel placed in a somewhat strange location for the convenience of business travelers using a major artery roadway in Vegas.  With that said, there are major perks to this hotel.  First, it's close to a lot of good food.  Famous Dave's, Joe's Crab Shack, Lindo Michoacan, and many other chain and privately-owned restaurants are all a stone's throw (literally, walkable) from your front door.  Second, the hotel was recently remodeled and features clean and quiet rooms.  This is a must for me, so points for meeting my expectations!  Third and greatest, the hotel is adjacent to the Las Vegas Athletic Club (LVAC).  This may sound irrelevant, but if you travel 5 days a week and have great difficulty finding a hotel with ample workout facilities, this should DEFINITELY be your next stop.  For an extra $15/night, I was given access to a full-service athletic club that had free weights, machines, miles of cardio equipment, daily fitness classes, free personal training advice, a lap pool, a spa, and a snack bar.  This is a very nice fitness club, and although it gets crowded, one can easily work any muscle group (including the eyes) when here.  That said, give this gem a try.  You certainly won't regret it!
4 If you can find it, an excellent Hampton Inn.  My under-$100 room was huge, about 25 feet long by 18 feet wide.  I could have parked two cars in there by the king-size bed.  The towels were kept in a credenza/sink thing outside of the tub-and-toilet room.  Everything nice, modern, comfortable, and clean. Not a casino, no smoking.   Located behind a shopping center / strip mall, very difficult to find.  There's three acres of bare gravel between the street and the hotel.  The only sign is a little plastic rectangle mixed into the other items in the mall's tower stack sign. Be prepared to look to your east while driving south on Grand Canyon, it's the five story hotel in the distance between G.C. and the beltway.
5 As far as Hampton Inns go, this one has all the normal stuff: pool, gym, variety of room sizes (including suites), clean, water bottle and snacks in your room, free breakfast, free wifi etc. Prices are very reasonable (you can get a room for under $100), and even when the hotel is almost full and there are conventions filling up every hotel in town, they keep their prices the same. They are about 8 - 10 miles from the Las Vegas strip. There are tons a places to eat nearby.  The customer service here sets them apart, and is what earned this location the 5-Star rating. I arrived around11 AM, and check-in isn't until 3, however, even with a 100% fully booked hotel this night and the night before, they hustled to get a room ready for me with 30 minutes.   For my "troubles" they even gave me a free pass to the Las Vegas Athletic club next door (usually there is a fee - the coupon says "A $40 value").   All three people who helped me were very kind, personable, and friendly.
5 Our hotel experience there was great. Such personal and attentive service. Great place for out of towners who don't want a casino hotel. Their breakfast area was a great place for us to visit with all of our guests.  This is a well run and friendly place that cares about their guests!!!!Our hotel experience there was great. Such personal and attentive service. Great place for out of towners who don't want a casino hotel. Their breakfast area was a great place for us to visit with all of our guests.  This is a well run and friendly place that cares about their guests!!!!
4 I stayed here for a couple days on a recent visit to Vegas. It was last minute and i guess I was lucky enough that they had room. I thought that I would have to resort to Motel 6 or something but I realized that the prices are very reasonable.  The facility is really as good as it gets. If you're Military, ask for the discount and you can thank me later. Mahalo!  4 stars: Why? Because Wifi had issues during the first day.
4 Great hotel. Great staff. Excellent room. Free Wifi. Free breakfast.  Probably the only place in Vegas without a slot machine. Highly recommended.
5 I really liked this hotel. We stayed here because we were doing some biking at Red Rock Canyon. The location was easy to find off the 215 fwy and a short drive to Red Rock Canyon. The front desk personnel were friendly and helpful. Breakfast (free) was more than I could have asked for. There were eggs, turkey sausage, cereal, yogurt, make your waffles, and pastries. Great little bonus. The room was good size, clean, quiet, and modern. I would definitely stay here again when I'm going to the canyon.
4 Quiet, clean, courteous service, very comfortable room/bed--all despite the fact that there were dozens of teen soccer and softball players also checked in. Super value overall.
2 The hotel is clean and comfortable, but customer service was horrible.  It is also in a weird area. I would not stay at this hotel ever again.  We tried to cancel our reservation and switch hotels, but cancellation policy requires you to cancel days before check in.
3 Overall, it's a decent hotel off the Strip and near the Summerlin and Spring Valley neighborhoods.  The room was clean but there were stains on the walls and the carpet.  Pros: the staff was very friendly and helpful and the free breakfast was great.  Easy access to the 215 freeway and to Chinatown.  The beds and pillows were comfy.  The rates are very reasonable.  Free Wi-Fi and coin laundry is available.  Cons: the rooms needed a refresh as there were stains that couldn't be taken out.  About 20 minutes to the Strip.
