1 I just moved across town & so I was looking for a new barber.  Great looking shop--just what a barber shop should be.  Most of the guys cutting hair looked like they knew what they were doing, but not the lady I got.  I can't believe I paid $35+tip for a trim around the ears & neck shave;  not even a shampoo.  I asked for a #4 on the sides & back--didn't even get that.  I was in the chair a grand total of 10 minutes.  Fortunately my previous barber can get me in next week; unfortunately, I have to drive across town.
2 The WORST $50 haircut I ever had...with a kind of cheesy arrogance about the place. Not worth it - not in this economy, not in this town. Won't be back that's for damn sure.
5 Best baber shop in Las Vegas.  My husband comes here for an occasional haircut (he would come more but he works a lot) and I have just started bringing my son who is 5. The men here are so nice and welcoming that I don't even feel uncomfortable being in a men's barber shop. It is upscale and the decor is amazing. They offer you water and they also have alcoholic beverages too!  I love the location, it's right by me on W. Sahara and it's also in the same lot as a sushi restaurant and the sushi there is good too. My husband and son see Jimmy because he gives the most amazing haircuts in the world. He fades my husbands hair perfectly and he looks so handsome for weeks. I feel so bad for all of the other clients when I bring my 5 year old but hey, Jimmy gives great haircuts. Jimmy is great with kids, I can't believe how patient he is and what he can talk nervous kids into. They have a good shaving cream I buy now and then for my husband and it's by Truffit and Hill. It think that's how you spell it. He likes that product because he has to shave everyday and the T&H is soothing for irritated skin.  You don't HAVE to see Jimmy because the other barbers are great too, but my family sees Jimmy.
5 Jimmy is amazing!  He gives the best straight razor shaves and haircuts In town!  He's usually booked up a week in advance so call for an app.
5 Excellent men's grooming location.  Looking forward to the straight edge shave with my son.
5 Great place, great location, the atmosphere is geared toward the refined individual.  These guys are the real deal
5 I'm a broke college student, but the $30 hair cut was well worth it. Let me start off by saying the owner is awesome, really nice guy and cares for his customers. The barbershop feels like a classy bar, awesome feel and environment. It just feels luxurious. I had Juan cut my hair, really friendly and talkative guy. There are a ton of barbers in Vegas but not many that can cut a classic men's haircut like a side part or pompadour. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be coming back.
5 Went there a week ago after having a hard time finding a barber since moving here. Decided to give it a chance after looking at the reviews on Yelp. Great service, great looking shop, and friendly service. Juan was my barber and did an excellent job. Will be back soon!!
5 I think one of the best grooming place I've been too. They have the best hospitality a place can have. Johnny is the guy to go to if you are looking for that old school clean look pompadour or combover style. My $30 was well worth it here.
5 Johnny Johnny Johnny! I have searched far and wide for a decent cut man! This guy knows what he is doing when it comes to giving a cut that makes sense. He is great to talk to and I will be using him from now on! Fino's service was great and the place was clean with a great atmosphere. I will be a regular here and I recommend it.
5 These guys are great! I have been going to Jimmy for a few years and will not go to anyone else as long as he is in business. Alejandro is a great guy and always makes customer service his main priority. The ambiance is professional yet casual with nice flat screen TVs all over. It is obvious that they put effort into running a customer friendly business. Huge fan.
3 Ok just so I can get this off my mind. This place looks very nice and the prices are fine. But I'm not a woman I don't plan out my haircuts. 2 times I called this place for an appointment. I'm used to calling and getting a same day appointment. Haircuts are an impulsive act for a man not a Normandy invasion plan. First time I had to wait almost 2 weeks for 150 worth of services..gimme a break..get more barbers or something that's just unacceptable, cancelled that appointment a day later when I got done what I needed elsewhere for half the price...second time I was told I could be put on a wait list..lol..what? Am I buying a house..ridiculous...it's one thing to pay top dollar and it's another to be told I can't get in when I need to...doesn't matter much to me how high your ratings are...maybe someday I'll call and they will be able to fit me in before the next ice age...
5 Anyone that has moved to a new city knows how frustrating it can be to find a new barber/hair stylist and everything from how I was greeted to the hair cut it self  at Fino was top notch! My barber was "Johnny Snips" and he delivered a great hair cut experience.. I found my new spot for sure
5 This is the best place to get a new cut, the people are all down to earth which is rare for such a high end place in Vegas. I was changing my haircut and James got me exactly what I wanted. These guys are above and beyond even the highest standards, if you want the perfect vip experience come here simple as that.
5 This place is hands down a hidden-gem and a must go for everyone who cares about the way they look! From the moment I called, the receptionist was extremely kind, professional and helpful - even calling me the day of to remind me of my appointment. Upon arrival, I was greeted with a handshake by all the staff that came through and they were all more than nice. (It does NOT have that snooty vibe most salons have).  Johnny did an amazing job of listening and making sure I got exactly what I want and he delivered. He was super down to earth and took his time.   The prices are not bad for the quality of service and professionalism you get.   I look forward to my next visit. Make sure you book ahead a time and don't wait until the last minute.
5 This place shows great customer service from the receptionist to the owner whose come to meet and greet you personally. Overall if not the best def one of the best places in Vegas to get an Haircut or even a mani n pedi for that fact...hey don't judge this place until you try it for Yourself.... Fives Stars in my book....Juan is def one of the best barbers in Las Vegas watch out this place is blowing up!!!!!
5 Great place! Glad we have this business in Vegas!
5 I stopped in here while visiting Las Vegas last week.  It has a unique decor, very much like a nice men's club, with lots of wood paneling and comfortable chairs.  There is lots of room to lounge upfront and then they take you to a smaller, but still very nice area in the back for the cut & shave.  Everyone in the place was extremely friendly.  Then, most importantly, they did an excellent job on both the shave & haircut.  It is a bit pricey for a 'barbershop', but certainly not unreasonable for the service they provide.
5 You get what you pay for plus more..yes this place cost more than other places, but I have never been so pleased with a cut like I am here..top notch cut and service.  They serve complimentary coffee , beer , etc as you wait or as you are getting a cut. Jimmy is my go to barber.
5 My first visit here was great!   As I walked in to a very chill setting I was greeted by a smiling receptionist. That's always a plus for me when someone smiles. Let me see those pearly whites!   I wanted to do a new style since I change it up at least every three months.   I showed Juan what I wanted and he did exactly that. Super sharp and right fade. Juan is able to hold a conversation, so don't be afraid to keep talking. Very humble guy is what I got during my cut with Juan.   After 3 weeks I'm back to get a clean up with Johnny. I was suppose to do color as well but seeing how fast my hair grew out, I'll pass on the color for now. We'll see in the next few months.   Come see any of the crew here. They are fun, energetic and genuine.
4 So my barber relocated and it called for desperate times so I called fino and got a appt the same day.. Whew I was lucky the front desk said it's usually a two week wait. Walked in and the place is nice a little too much dark wood for my taste. Sat on the chair and started on my haircut the barber was nice and definitely knew what he was doing. Haircut came out nice. I think price is a little steep but I was desperate! Definitely would go back due to desperation! Found a new barber that does the same for half the price.
5 José gave me the royal treatment. A brilliant artist and a sweet personality. I cannot recommend this place enough!
5 Got the deal on here and got the hook up right from the start, Alejandro got me a beer (free beer always works) and made me feel welcome, and barber Tim did a great job on my hair and really seemed to know his stuff. The straight razor line up felt great and was a nice bonus on a already great job. Will return for my next haircut and beyond.
5 There are plenty of barbershops in Vegas, but none like Fino. You're not just getting a haircut, you're getting an extremely comfortable environment, the friendliest staff, complimentary beverages (yep, beer), TV, and they offers products to make you look and feel great. Fragrances are also available. In other words, everything you need to be on the next cover of GQ Magazine. This is my gentleman's cave.
5 Great place for a nice straight shave in haircut.  The staff is professional and friendly!!!
5 Great haircut and great price. Friendly staff and upscale atmosphere. Will be coming back!
5 I agree with all the 5 Star reviews on this site. I've been to Fino twice, it's a great place and I have permanently incorporated it into my "style maintenance" regime.  My dad was a master barber and for the years he practiced he was the only barber I would get a shave from. Fino has changed all that. I make my appointment a week in advance and I look forward to getting an excellent haircut and perfect shave. My Dad would have loved this place.  Everything about Fino is exceptional. There is no high pressure up-sales talk and everyone that works there is extremely professional. Always kind, smiling, and complimentary.   I have to scrape together the money to go to Fino, but I've never regretted it and I doubt I ever will. I can't wait for my hair and beard to grow out so I can make another appointment.  BTW: This would be the perfect Father's Day gift!
5 The best place in Las Vegas for a man to get his hair done. For a full video review, click below.   These people know hair and they know what men want. This is not some gimmicky place where women in scantily clad outfits push their boobs in your face for a tip. This is for real men who want a really, really good do.   http://instagram.com/p/nO_u7oL7ya/
5 This place is AMAZING ! First walked in was greeted by a very lovely receptionist, offered me anything I wanted to drink. I passed on the beer had a water And its complementary. My barber Tim Avalos hooked me up gave me an awesome cut! Its very professional and soothing. I would recommend this Grooming Lounge to anyone. I'll most definitely be coming back Ty
5 I was a bit tired of going to the salons around Summerlin, so I did a yelp search for men's cuts and Fino was one of the first to show up. Reading the reviews I thought the price was going to be steep, however I found out that it was less than I was paying at the previous salons.   Not only was my cut from Tim the best I had in quite a while, the entire staff was extremely welcoming and greeted me as I walked in the door. Even the other barbers welcomed me as I was sat for my cut.   They did a fantastic job with the decor, however, I may be bias because I love natural wood.  Exceptional service and a friendly environment at a very reasonable price. Fino is a must for the style conscious man. I will definitely return for all future cuts!
5 I have just been living in Vegas for 6 months and have been trying to find somebody to cut my hair. I had gone to two other places, that shall remain nameless, and was horribly disappointed. I was losing hope of ever finding a place to cut my hair until I found Fino's. This place is unbelievable and their hair stylists are incredible. I had my haircut done by Jose, and I highly recommend him to everybody. I love that I can actually make an appointment and show up and just be taken in. Other places in Vegas are first come first serve. I'm sorry, but I value my time and do not feel like waiting around 3 hours for someone to do my hair.  Also, initially when I tried getting hold of Fino, their phone was down, due to century link. However, I emailed them through their site and Alejandro their CEO got back to me right away, and schedule me for an appointment. Truly Fino's knows the definition of customer care and I will surely be getting my haircut's there from now on.
5 Clean, professional,  smells good!!! Very friendly. Definite "cool" factor. The stylish men get their hair cut here. Not expensive either. $40 for a cut with shampoo, condition, and style is pretty average unless you are at a lame place like Supercuts. It feels like a treat to get your hair done here.
5 Got a great haircut, went in to make an appointment and there happened to be a cancellation and they got me in. Awesome that they give beverages and beer while you're in there and the quality of the haircuts is what I was looking for.
5 Best barber shop I've been to in town. This place makes you feel right at home
5 I was in the search for a new barber here in the Summerlin area, and luckily I found that Fino For Men was not too far from where I lived. That's always a bonus to me, as I hate driving across town unless I absolutely have to.  First class environment and exceptional service from the moment that you step inside. I can't really say anything more than what has already been said. All the 5 star reviews here are spot on. It's a bit more pricey than your average barber shop, but don't let that you deter you from coming here. The whole experience is definitely worth it.
5 So I came in to get a cut after reading all the great reviews, on yelp. And I have to say 5 Stars for sure had a great time, and a awesome hair cut. I would give this place 10 Stars!
5 Just moved to Las Vegas for the summer and needed a place to get a good haircut.  Fino for men exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be coming back. 5 star service and 5 star haircut.
5 Friendly staff, drinks and outstanding haircut.   Gents go here we need to keep men only shops alive guys.
5 Tim did a fantastic job with my mop. Even got two thumbs up from my Wife. Highly recommended shop and barber.
5 I have been trying to find the perfect spot in West Vegas to get a decent cut and this place had everything I was looking for and more. The receptionist was extremely friendly as was the rest of the staff.  It was immaculate looking throughout the salon.   Most importantly, Tim did an awesome job on my hair.  He did everything perfectly and even made a few helpful suggestions regarding how I should style it.  Also very reasonably priced.   I plan on being a loyal customer from here on out. HIGHLY recommended.
5 So I'm brand new to LV and thought I would check yelp for a good place to get a haircut. I immediately saw the 5-star average for Fino. After reading the reviews I figured they were at least worth a try. Let me tell you, they are worth much more than just a try. I made my appointment and was immediately greeted by name upon entering and offered something to drink. Tim proceeded to take me back and ask what i preferred he do with my hair... I told him to just work his magic. He then gave me his very thorough suggestions and the reasons why he suggested them (shape of my face, head, etc).  Tim made me totally comfortable and gave me the best haircut of my life. Thankfully I now have one less stress with a new city - I've found my go-to place for grooming. Thank you Fino!!!
5 After getting an appointment on short notice, I received a great haircut from a talented barber. Thanks, guys.
5 Words cant describe how great this place is. As soon as I walked in the hospitality and the welcoming was all there. Alejandro was awesome! Offered me a complimentary drink. Man....cant beat that getting a fresh cut and a cold brewski. Also I really enjoy how the atmosphere and the shop is. Its like a chill spot for the bros haha. Very very elegant and classy as well.   I got my cut from Jose and man....this guy it the man! I had a very long pompadour while back ago then I cut it back to my old fauxhawk which greatly shortened it. Then I decided to go back to my pomp. Coming in fino I had trust in the barbers they can do something with my short hair and I was right there barbers here are spectacular masters at what they do. Jose taught me some tricks that I never used on my hair like a volumizing cream and different products. He was awesome man! You'll be seeing me again boss! Thank you jose, alejandro and fino for men! #teamfino
5 I am really special with my hair, I dont let anyone to cut it, I decided to try this place with the help of yelp, and I must say it was one of the best decisions ever, the staff is so friendly and I had one of the best haircuts ever, tim is the guy who's going to cut my hair from here on, really recommended :)
