5 I always seem to have issues with getting great prices at other shops but here they give great deals as well as military ... My husband and I are very loyal and always go to them for a few reasons:  1. Great prices 2. complete work 3. customer service is awesome!!   Those are just a few there are so many more like... free oil changes and personally look into what you ask as well as what you don't ask about... they never charge us for things we dont ask to be looked into and we love that!! (i think they really like talking to my husband...he's a chatter box when it comes to cars and maintanence!! lol
1 Awful service and unfriendly staff. Not to mention somehow they managed to screw up my door on my car.
5 Loved them! I tried going to Walmart for my tire change but they didn't have the TPMS for my '09 civic.. (Why would Walmart not have it..?! No idea.)  I ended up at Tire Works, for under $500 I got a set of new Toyo tires, a 3yr warranty, and best of all it comes with an alignment! I was planning on spending another $100 or so for an alignment but I guess not since it came w the tires.  Best of all.. service was great, they didn't try to hussle me into pricier packages or add ons. The guy was knowledgable on his tires, him and my mechanic brother kept chatting it up about the diff tires and junk.   Worst part, my wait time was double of what they told me.. I guess some kinda machine was down. But that's nothing right try could control right?!
1 They suck
5 Great service. Drove straight here when my tire sensor came on and I saw that I had a complete flat. Thank God they are open on Sundays and also that they had a rim key that worked for my rims. The last place I had my car serviced never gave it back and today, I found that out. SMDH.  They promptly found the problem (unfixable due to location of puncture) and put my spare on for me no charge--even though they knew I was gonna get my new tire at the place down the street, where its still under warranty.   I will gladly come back here for any other services. I especially love that they are open on Sundays.
1 I took my wife's car in to get an oil change...they told me that everything looked fine except it needed a transmission flush and a cabin filter.  I went ahead and had them do that extra work.  When my wife came home I told her what service I had done and she told me that she those exact same things done on her car less than 3 months ago!!..this place needs to be shut down for fraud!
3 So far, the service has been good. It's a bit pricey but they try to work with you. So far they've shown me what's what with repairs and what may be needed in the future. They've also done inspections at my request.
1 These guys cheated me out of $150, STAY AWAY!  I was so pissed that I filed a complaint with them through the Better Business Bureau.  Please don't waste your money with these guys, take your business somewhere else!  Don't let what happened to me, happen to you!
5 There's only so many auto places that you could actually trust in this city. Some of them either tell you they will do something to your car, charge you upfront and then don't even do it at all l, yes I'm talking to you JL. But this place has been wonderful so far.   They help you out the best they can, I've hady Mom's Car's tires patched up here so many times and they don't even charge anything. Not even a tip, but of course you feel bad for the guys who sweat it out the whole day on garage so I do a little under the table sometimes just for appreciation. And the icing on the cake is when I needed my own Car's tire patched and had the oil changed and ended up needing to buy two new tires. I was really short at the time and they were patient enough to accomodate what my pocket can at that time.    They weren't pushy unlike other places where they give you a long list of things that needed to be done to your car and that they had to be done now just so that you can avail a "special offer" that they have and that it is absolutely necessary that you pay for it today and not come back another time. No! They were nothing like that. The manager was nice enough to tell me what was wrong with my car. Tell me an estimate and tell me to what to prioritize without pushing me to have it done right then and there.   I'm definitely coming back here and trusting them to fix my car and probably my friend's cars as well. Thank you Tire Works Centennial!
2 I brought my car here for an oil change a few weeks ago. I work graveyard shift so I came early in the morning after work. I figure I would be in and out pretty quick considering I was the only one there. After waiting for over an hour I decided to ask what the hold up was. The worker told me that they were just finishing up but that my battery life was a little low and they recommended replacing it. The guy then proceeded to give me a weak sales pitch about filters and everything else. I kindly asked him to finish up my oil change so I could be on my way. Long story short, I was not impressed. They took forever and the customer service was non existent.
1 I have been takeing my 91 Honda here for  a few years, Last summer I had them replace all my belts $265.00 and of course regular oil changes and maint. 3 months after they replaced my belts, everytime I turned my A/C on it would squeel like a pig for about 5-10 seconds and then stop. It got soo bad I took it back not once but twice to have it rechecked, they kept saying its my inner dash fan motor I explained to them I had been a automotive service writer for 13+ yrs and that I knew it was not the blower fan but a loose belt they checked it and said no its tight after the 2nd time of them not doing anything to remidy the problem I took it over to Sun Auto on Craig Road and they turned the tensioner screw one turn and the squeel went away.  HMMMM ???     Ok so I just got a oil change coupon in the mail, I use amsoil in my vehicle and called to see if they would use my oil, Randy said no problem. I figured its just a oil change I should be ok..  Well needless to say things havent changed. He called and told me it was done, I told him I would pick  the honda up and drop off my jeep for a oil change also. I had marked my drivers front tire with a ink pen in order to varify if the tires had been rotated/ Part of the oil change service... I thaught . It was listed on my bill.   When I checked, the marked tire was still on the drivers front no finger print marks from the tires being removed and when I got the jeep back those tires had not been rotated either... A   HONEST  automotive service  buisness would have appoligized and tried to have made it right.  No appology. So now I wonder if the oil change even got done??? on either of my vehicles.  A auto shops reputation lies on the shoulders of good mechanics and if they are not doing their jobs that is a direct reflection on the service writer.. so I voiced my opinion to Randy  and asked him if they have regular meetings with their mechanics to go over customer complaints and concerns he said No but the mechanics know what is expected... OH ok...  I will NOT be returning to Tireworks on Centennial Parkway/Commerce  and I wonder How many other of theyre customers have NOT gotten what they have paid for ???????  Be careful who you intrust your cars safty to  it could cost you alot in the long run.......
5 The new group seems to listening to the customers and they are on it. They took care of me and my needs without the feeling of someone trying anything over me. They explained the details before the work and  the mechanic even double checked to make sure everything is accurate. WOW!! I'm very satisfied. Definitely a great friendly group of guys and it's a big improvement from the previous experience. Awesome Job Steven and your team!! You will see more of my business for sure! Thank you!!!
5 Walked in needing an oil change was greeted with a warm personable hello. He showed me my options for service,  and then quoted 40 min to an hour. They were done with a complete oil/lube and tire rotation in 30min. Let me know what other maintenance was recommended but did not force it on me to get it taken care of at that moment.  Paid the same price they estimated when I first walked in.    Here's a tip: treat others how you would like to be treated. You treat them as you think they owe you something and you'll get horrible service every time.  Treat them with the respect you would want and everyone wins.
1 I won't even wait until my issue with them is resolved before writing this post just in case someone is thinking of taking their car here.    My car was acting sluggish and started stalling at stops.  I needed this fixed today, so I called around.  My normal place and second option both were busy and told me up front they weren't going to be able to accommodate me.  That's cool.  So I call this place and they tell me no problem.  I bring it over at 11am.  They call near mid afternoon with the issues with the car.  They tell me it'll be done in a few hours.  Fine.  Time passes before another call at around 6:45.  The guy says they ran into a problem.  They initial got the wrong part & had to get the right one, which had to cone from the other side of town.  They'll work beyond their closing time, however, since the mechanic is off tomorrow.  It'll be done by 8.    Feeling bad, I head over there so they don't have to wait on me when they're done.  I get there around 7:30.  I wait...and wait...and wait.  8:45 comes and the guy calls me over.  He proceeds to tell me they have the wrong oil pan gasket, and won't have it until Monday!  Now I'll say they felt genuinely bad, but that hardly fixes the issue of having no vehicle tomorrow for the family events or for work on Monday.  So he offers me compensation.  Okay, I'm thinking a discount of say 10%.  On a $1600, I feel that's reasonable.  After all, they broke their promise, I'll be without a car for 36 more hours, and miss time at work on Monday.    But his compensation offer?  A year of free oil changes.  So pay the full amount and be inconvenienced for another 36 hours, but you can come back for our overpriced oil changes.  Hardly a gesture of truly feeling sorry.  So stay away.  Find a place that is more competent and save the stress and hassle of Tire Works.
1 So just over a week later & the car is having the same issue as before it was "fixed".  My wife took the car in and they say they can't find anything wrong now, nor can they recreate the problem.   Time to notify the BBB that they did $1600 in repairs and didn't fix the issue.
3 Tire Works customer service reached out to me after I reported my experience to the BBB.  After some discussion, they offered me to take the care back in for them to have their head mechanic in the area look at it.  While they made no promises to fix my issue without compensation, she offered to work with me as best as possible.  So I took the car back in to meet the head mechanic.  He got in the car, and about 5 minutes into our drive, the car shut off while driving.  He did some investigation, and said he narrowed the problem down.  We headed back to the garage where I dropped it off.  A day later, he called to say he believes he found the issue and fixed it---at no cost to me.  I picked up the car, and about a day & a half later, the car stalled--this time with various warning lights going off sporadically.  I took it back in, and they once again have worked on it for me.  After about 5 days, they tell me that it appears the new issue is that the part they used to fix my problem was not a GM part, and it was causing issues with the computer system.  They have replaced the part with a manufacturer part, and things appear to be running smoothly.    I've increased my reading for their willingness to work with us & make things right.
