4 Lived here 14 months while working in Las Vegas.  Pretty quiet unless you're by the pool.... Been through three management companies in this period, new one attempted to change terms of original lease to require a 60 day moveout notice.  Other than that, they've been great. Carpets are easily stained, even though I lived here alone, and was not there most weekends at all.  Never hear the neighbors.... All in all pretty good.
1 I have lived here for 10 months and have had nothing but problems!  The management will LIE to you to get you into the apartments and then fail to do what they said initially.  There is a huge pigeon and parking problem (there are a total of 6 parking spots for 30 apartments on my side of the complex, & tons of pigeon poo on the balconies) and the owners will not take steps to mitigate the problems because it would cost too much, yet they are constantly on our case for something, we get fines for other people leaving there animal feces in front of our apartment, the carpet and paint are very cheap and stain extremely easily!  We told them that they could not come into our apartment when we are not home, but they still do.  I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy!!!!!
5 We've been living here for a little over a month now, and I have to say, my wife and I love it here.  Having been in school for the past 4 years, we have lived in a slew of apartments varying greatly in quality and value.  I have experienced a large number of ownership/management styles and personalities.  The staff at liberty square is very friendly and quick to assist in any way that they can.  My wife and I were really apprehensive to live here after seeing the negative reviews on another website that I won't name here.  We spoke to management about some of our concerns prior to signing a lease, and they assured us that there was absolutely nothing to worry about.  Still apprehensive, we decided that the issues that others were saying they were having were manageable, and we signed the lease. My biggest worry when moving in was the oft noted bug problem.  I am happy to report that since moving in, I have not seen a single bug in our apartment.  I think there are a couple issues at play here that people don't seem to understand.  First, management does NOT spray your unit unless you specifically request to have it done.  They have this hired out to someone who comes every single Thursday, and does routine spray.  If you request to have yours done to management, they will be sure to inform the company that you would like you unit sprayed thoroughly, to which the bug man will do both the outside AND inside of your apartment.  I had mine done the day we moved in, and it has apparently worked.  The second issue is that I have briefly seen inside some of the garages that people have here, and they are unbelievably packed with crap.  Our garage has our two cars inside, and a Christmas tree box.  People complaining that they have bugs in their garages or apartments should first start by cleaning some of their own clutter.  It's a pretty big no-brainer.  Again, happy to report that I have not seen a single bug since moving in over a month ago (also, the vents on the ceilings are caulked to the wall to prevent any entry of bugs via ventilation).    The quality of the apartments is very nice.  When moving in, everything was working and the apartment was spotless.  My wife and I tend to be very clean people, and I anticipate that we won't have any issues when moving out that aren't out of the ordinary (billed for carpet cleaning, any damage to the apartment, etc.)  It is really hard to hear your neighbors.  There are only a couple rooms inside the apartments that I can hear people; the spare bathroom, and the bathroom on the main level.  Other than that, I can't hear my neighbors at all, except for when they open their garages.  All of the appliances are in working order and are relatively new.  If you have any issues with anything inside your apartment, management is pretty good about passing along anything that you need maintenance staff to come check up on.  My biggest complaint thus far is that these townhomes are 100% electric.  I really wish we had a gas stove, but we don't.  Fortunately, the electric stoves we have are relatively new, and are much better than the electric stoves I have used in the past.  Because everything is electric, your bill might be higher than otherwise.  Fortunately, the units are well insulated.  For the month that we were here, I kept my unit around 76 degrees when home, 80 at night (we use the ceiling fans in the living room and the master bedroom all the time), and our electric bill for the three week period was $60.  It helps that the upstairs is usually a lot cooler than the rest of the unit.    In all, this is a great place to live.  The location is great (despite being a little far from gas stations), the management capable and attentive, and the price reasonable.  It is definitely a little more expensive to live here than other places, but the grounds are beautiful and the maintenance staff does their job very well.  We love it here and cannot for the life of us figure out what other people are complaining about.
4 We took the tour for the 2nd time in two years. The reason I didn't move here at first was because the lady who showed us the place was very annoying.  What I don't like is their is a bathroom in the kitchen I mean only feet away from your stove & refrigerator.  I'm only left to ponder who came up with this layout. Someone should have seen this on the blue print and changed it. But nevertheless a half bath is in your kitchen ugh makes me want to not move here because I swear they are so perfect but the bathroom in the kitchen ewwww.
4 Update: We went back today because we really did like the place we just hated the person who showed us around. So we went back and spoke to someone else and it was great. We loved it and decided this will be the place we move to. Its so quiet and peaceful.      I give it three stars (now 4 after the update) I do not live here however the reason I'm reviewing it is because my girlfriend and I went there yesterday and the place seemed really nice, and it really was. The inside and out are beautiful, the homes are very clean and up to date. My complain is the lady who gave us a tour. She showed us a small 2 bedroom handycapped home when we asked for a large 1 bedroom non handycapped. She did not pay attention to what we wanted, seemed to really not care. She has brown or black hair. White. Rather large. Glasses. Sat at the first desk to the left.
5 Recently moved in with my fiancé & our son and loving it so far =) Anita was great at helping us choose between a 1 bedroom or a 2 bedroom & showed us all our options! The appearance of the apartments is what drew us in at first. They're so cute and look like little homes! Another plus is they have attached garages. The people complaining about parking should probably utilize their garage or opt for a 2 car garage. Even then parking on my side of the community doesn't seem to be a problem. I always see lots of spaces available during the day & night. Rent is a little more expensive than other apartments in the area but you get what you pay for. I love that is a quiet & clean community. I never hear my neighbors. We were beginning to think no one lived next to us until we saw them pull out of their garage the other day lol. Garage is a great size. Easily fit our car inside & still have space to store things. They even installed a closet with shelving in the garage. Haven't seen any bugs in our apartment but I do vacuum every other day because of our little one. The ladies at the office also said there is a person here every Thursday who will spray inside your apartment if you ask.
