4 Mixed owners and renters so there is an hoa to enforce rules. The property is very nice with mature trees and LIVE grass which is a nice escape from the desert. For rentals at least the big difference between if you like it or not will be if you get an upgraded unit or not, the older finished units are the same price and a little high. Other than that the staff is nice both in the front office and the gate house as well. By far my favorite complex in Vegas and overall a great value! All my neighbors are very friendly as well including the ones I have met in the pool areas.
2 It use to be a nice quiet place to live! Beautiful palm trees and it looks very nice but for the last 4 months every morning except Sunday they have some grounds keepers outside my window at 7 o'clock am with either a lawnmower, leaf blower,weed Wackers  or hedge trimmers, 5 days a week!!!!! I haven't had a good night of rest in months because these people! how many times can you do the same job in a week. It's terrible.
1 So I couldn't take it anymore I called the office about the people who seem to be outside my window every morning 8am with the heavy machinery ( lawnmower, leaf blower, weed Wackers). they told me the H.O.A would call me and see what was wrong.well they did and I was surprised to hear what he told me. He told me from 8 am to 3pm every morning, Monday thru Saturday there will be groundskeepers on site cutting or blowing outside and there is nothing they can do! The H.O.A has changed companies to maintain the Spanish palms site. so they went from 2 days a week with the old company, which I never had a problem with because you only hear them 2 days a week to every morning at 8 religiously.  last I checked we lived in a desert where you don't need to cut the same grass 3 times a week! what is this magic grass? if not cut will this turn into a scene from the movie jmanji. like I said I work late hours and I am only able to sleep in the late mornings, like would suspect 75% of las vegas does since most people work swing or graveyard.  Anyways  this would be a beautiful place to live I do agree with that but not at the cost of always being tired and having to hear this terrible noise every morning!  Enjoy!
