1 Let me preface this by saying that I'm writing this review while I wait 30 minutes to get some sort of service. My friend and I walked in and waited 10 minutes for someone to greet us only to realize that we needed to sign in first. We finally asked one of the associates for help, and she proceeded to tell us that there was at least a half hour wait. Having a person have to sign you in is pointless. There were several people (besides us) that walked right past the "hostess" and she didn't say one word to them. They should have an automated system with a big sign that says "PLEASE SIGN IN." It saves everyone a whole hell of a lot of time. Unbelievably ridiculous. We finally got service from one of the associates who was very friendly and courteous, but she didn't do what needed to be done. My friend went in there to activate her new iPhone and transfer all of her contacts but we walked out with basically a blank iPhone. We were so annoyed with the (lack of) service that we didn't even bother going back in. So my friend ended up having to enter all her contacts manually. Needless to say, I will not be coming back here.
1 If ever there was a product of sales training aimed entirely toward the benefit of a company and not at all toward helping out the customer, the staff of this AT&T location are a golden example.  This isn't going to be a particularly long review -- neither of my visits here have extended much beyond the initial gauntlet of "can I help you with anything?" followed by a bewildering avalanche of cluelessness, rigidity, and frustration.  On my second and, I swear on my life, final visit here, I came seeking what I had read about online - the ability to purchase a prepaid AT&T sim card for use with my unlocked Iphone 4S before I left for several months in Australia. Three different employees were utterly unable to think outside of the AT&T contract box - they even thought that any prepaid sim would automatically lock your phone to the carrier. Really? Why would you go to the expense of buying an unlocked phone just for the privilege of having it locked the second you try to use it with anything?   I'm not sure the people working here are actually stupid, they just don't have any real knowledge of cellular telephony outside the narrow scope of AT&T's domestic contracts. As such, they really aren't any better equipped to help out the customer than the average Joe on the streets who has no functional knowledge of phones. Unless you walk into the store and the first words out of your mouth are "Hi, I want to sign up for an AT&T contract", you're, frankly, better off searching the web or, better yet, driving around the corner to the T-Mobile store at Arroyo Crossing where the staff, apparently, are trained beyond the level or scripted sales-bots.
2 The store itself is physically appealing and the customer service personnel were dressed professionally.    I went into the store for an upgrade.  I was torn between three phones and leaned towards the cheaper phone (99.99) however, the Customer Service Rep (CSR) started giving me information on the newer edition of the cheaper phone and then I was torn between the Samsung Galaxy III(SIII) and the I Phone 4.  The CSR was giving me all the Pros and Cons of the two phones.  I still couldn't decide so I told the CSR that I was going to step outside and talk to friend and I'd be back.  I stepped outside did my thing and decided on the SIII, ready to buy and leave.  I walk back in the store tell the CSR I would like to purchase the SIII.  He then takes me to the I phone 4 and tells me more information on the I phone4 and why this is a better phone etc. etc. at this point I'm still leaning towards the SIII after a few more minutes of this I'm confused on my decision and leave without purchasing anything.   So pretty much I walked into the store ready to drop about 250.00 and walk out with nothing.   Never been talked out of purchasing something before.  However, the next day I purchased the SIII at a different AT & T location where the service was friendlier, helpful and overall an A+++.
4 I went into this store to order the new iPhone 5.  It didn't take long to get served and they were more than happy to take care of my purchase even though the primary account holder was not with me.  The iPhone was scheduled for two day delivery, but with the Veteran's Day holiday, it took over a week to get it in their store.  There was a bit of a wait to pick up the phone as all their retail sales professionals (RSP) were tied up helping other customers.  When we finally got help, my RSP was very knowledgeable and friendly.  It didn't take him long to switch my phone numbers around to the new phone.  The manager actually came over to shake my hands and to make sure I was satisfied with their service.  Now that's what I call good customer service.  No complaints here and happily left with the new iPhone 5.
4 There was a ridiculous 15 minute wait time for a customer service rep, yet there were several reps just standing around. Would have given this place much lower rating had it not been for Jazz. She was extremely helpful and friendly.
4 This is the first time I received excellent customer service. Stephanie was very helpful. Right when I walked into the door she helped me with all of my questions.   This location also has a huge assortment of phones. So if you are in the market to upgrade and want to check out whats out there, just like the Price is Right... COME ON DOWNNNN
4 I have been too this particular store before never had problems or had too wait very long for service. The only times come here has been too upgrade my Iphone. It was about time again checked too see if qualified for the upgrade. I did! Yay! The service was awesome. I was greeted as soon walked in although went at odd time so only one other customer in the store. He never was pushy the whole time came too purchasing my new I5. I hate it when stores tell you need this attachment, or upgrade your plan or basically telling you need things that really don't. It came too few questions had with my new purchase answered all my questions throughly and professional. It made the whole experience much more enjoyable. I learned that they started buy back program with old Iphones. Lot like Best Buy you can get credit purchase phone covers or whatever like in the store. I spent little more then wanted since got the 32 but going through my 16 constantly on verge of overload. 32 is gift from heaven.   The store itself the layout is same like any other AT&T store. It very clean and like way they display all the products they have too sell. Lots of room too browse and check out the products. Course like any car dealerships there are more then enough sales peeps around too hound you. It good experience would go back again.
4 Came here because someone had stolen my iphone4S the weekend before at Sedona Lounge GRRRRRRRR. I was ready to just use my upgrade and get an iPhone5 but I found out that I am not eligible for a full upgrade until July 11.. I'm only eligible for a partial one until then. BOOOO. I love the iphone but I am NOT paying $600 for it haha  So my boyfriend was going to just let me use his upgrade but I felt bad so he ended up just giving me his iphone and using his upgrade to get himself a new phone.  We were helped by JUNG who was awesome. Very chill dude who was very knowledgeable about all the plans and phones and answered all of our questions patiently. He gave us all our options and showed me how to delete all my info via icloud so that the thief wouldn't be able to get my info...   Is it weird that the first thing I did when I found out my iphone was stolen was change my Yelp password??!?!? hahah My priorities are definitely in order ;ppp  HOT TIP: They have a kiosk in here where you can pay for your cell phone bill~!!!
1 Don't ask for a guy named Jung. Jung was pushing me to use At&t Next program instead of an upgrade even said I was ineligible for an upgrade. I told him I checked my account online and it said I was eligible for an upgrade but he kept pushing, until I was about to walk out he stopped me and said he'll "bypass" the Next program. Finally I was able to get my phone and he set it up. Then asked if I wanted a receipt emailed or printed. I asked for a printed one and he walked away and came back with a bag with my phone box in it and said I'm all set. At this point I just wanted my phone and leave. He left the user guide on the counter I had to grab it on my way out. Driving away I noticed he didn't give me a receipt but at that point I was already frustrated and didn't want to go back.
4 My mom got what she came for, just a pay as you go plan for my uncle and it was quick & easy. The only complaint I have is the person who helped us, Chase, was rather rude, unsmiling, and he gave a little bit of an attitude to my mom, who kept asking questions because she was trying to clarify. Very irritating.
1 Reading these posts does not exemplified what my experience have been at this store on several occasion. What irritate me the most or the final straw was last night.  I walked into the store with my 2 year old daughter (her bday 12/18/2013) yesterday at 4:25pm.  None of the sale representatives 2 on the floor and 3 - 4 in the backroom having lunch acknowledge any of the customers in line (4 customers).  I am not sure what customer relationship policies they have or how the store manager and district manager implement customer service or initiation programs; but none of those were experience yesterday.  I left the store at 5:13 pm without a word of greetings, assurance, courtesy, etc being exchange with NONE of the sales rep.  The generic statement of "hello, someone will be right you guys" would have been enough.  If the store is not customer relations conscious; it will continue to under perform.  This will lead to many unsatisfied and disgruntled customers and store closure.  My recommendation is to coordinate more customer relationship trainings and just do your job.
1 No interest in helping current customers.   It's all about the sale or upgrade.   Well guess what, I pay 200 a month for my two phones and tablets.   You will lose that business in two months when contact is up.  Oh and I am adding two more business lines, opps.
1 Horrible service, I went in there to buy a phone and they wouldn't let me because they thought I was a fraud. It took me 2 days just to get a phone.
1 Do not I repeat DO NOT go for AT&T Wireless bait and switch Family Share Value Plan it is just a way to stick you with a ton of hidden fees when you need a phone upgrade. Keep your plans the way they are now. I've been a customer of AT&T Wireless for almost 20 years and I'm not getting to 20 because I am leaving and I will NEVER do business with them again. Especially after the way I was talked to by Paul Reed and Jeff Magee, I know they sound made up but those were the names I was given. RUN RUN FAR AWAY FROM ANYTHING AT&T IS OFFERING AS A "Deal" because it's not and will just cost you more money.
1 Manager Chrystal is extremely rude and was supposed to fix an issue for me that was caused by lorenzo (the pony tailed scam artist of at&t) which I was informed by customer care was never fixed, and she treated me like a liar without even bothering to pull up my account info. Also she was talking over me when I was trying to explain my problem and when I had to raise my voice said stop yelling or i'm going to hang up on you! I am absolutely appalled by how Ive been treated by the employees at this location they give an awesome company like at&t a bad name. when you go through the best phone carrier you'd expect to get the best treatment especially when you've paid them a $700 deposit the least they could do is not rip you off for insurance you never wanted and give the discount you were promised when you were promised it. Lorenzo is a sexist scam artist please don't let him assist you if you are a female i told him i don't want insurance and he said "yea I think you need it" and put it on my account anyways now 2 months later i'm still being charged for it! Also he grilled me about my last name and embarrassed me while he was setting up my account which took 3 hours.
1 Called this store to get something fixed and another store gives me a way better solution then the manager crystal. DO NO GO THERE.
