5 I was able to get a same day appointment!! $50 copay SSSUUUUUCCCKKKED!
4 You wait for a while only because she's really good. Once your in your out with good knowledge and tips and coupons for your meds. Lol.
5 I have been seeing Dr. Schwartz for a few years now. She is very patient, honest and is straight to the point. I had been suffering from frequent laryngitis, sinus infections and headaches. They are all gone! I can breathe again! Same day appointment are pretty easy, but you tend to have to wait a bit longer. She is worth the wait! The best part is that when I was sick I always felt better before leaving the office.
5 I first saw Dr. Schwartz in Jan. 2012 when we first moved to Las Vegas that month. I had just arrived in NV and had a very bad sinus infection that started in Fl. late Nov. 2011. I saw a specialist in Fl. and he did not help me even though he said my infection was cleared up. According to a scan I had of my sinuses it was not cleared up. I had had 2 sinus surgeries in 1998 and 1999 and until this infection in 2011 I had had only 1 in all those years until the one in 2011. Anyway Dr. Schwartz attempted a few different anti biotics and to irrigate my sinuses with AYR 2 times a day and use an oil she recommened to moisten my nostrils. In March 2012 I finally got rid of that infection. She is very thorough and encourages you to do as she says and I did and now I seldom get an infection.
2 Be prepared to wait long & leave with tons of scripts! Also the last 3 times I was there I heard her yelling at employees . Very unprofessional !
5 Dr. Schwartz is amazing. She takes the time to listen to patient concerns and is very thorough. I went to Dr. Schwartz when I started experiencing a ringing and reduced hearing in one ear. As a Speech Pathologist I was VERY concerned that I could not hear as well as I should be. Dr. Schwartz got everything taken care of, ringing gone and hearing back!
5 I met with Dr. Schwartz today. Let me start by saying she had a cancellation and saw me in minutes a new patient. If you judge your M.D. by wait times then your an idiot, you judge by medical professionalism. Dr. Schwartz does not beat around the bush, she is obviously an expert in her field and within 5 minutes of entering a room a tube was going into my nose and down my throat with a light and examining the inside of a very painful throat. Dr. Schwartz is fast because she is very popular and has a down packed routine. I am tired of going to medical clinics here in Nevada where hundreds of people are being processed. Dr. Schwartz felt like a private office clinic with one M.D. vs. a dozen with one on one attention where she hears you out. Make sure to fill out your paper work prior to going to the office to save time for you and everyone else. I would not hesitate to recommend her to anyone I care for. My first time with Dr. Schwartz and I was sold. I plan on being a nurse practitioner in the future and hope my expertise is as exceptional as Dr. Schwartz.  Looking forward in meeting with you again Dr. Schwartz.  Sincerely, Mario Alvarado
1 Horror trip. Uses unlicensed students at some school or another for real work.  Does procedures without asking permission and then has you sign paperwork.  Office staff does not confirm appointments correctly and doesn't work with you on billing.  3 hour wait for appointments.  Sells lots of items in office.Office is filthy look at pictures.   Should be reported for unprofessional conduct.
5 I left a phone message over the weekend requesting an appointment. Early Monday morning I received a call from Dr. Schwartz's office for a 2PM. She diagnosed my Parotitis condition, reviewed my course of treatment and prescribed an appropriate antibiotic. I found her to be incisive, affable with impeccable qualifications and experience. She has an impressive list of clients and her word of mouth reputation Is superior. The office staff  is very polite, positive and knowledgeable. She is  the "go to" ENT doctor in Las Vegas/Henderson. LJ
