4 I came here on the recommendation of a friend and I am now a fan and have been recommending it to others.  I have called to make an appointment for drop off (they are very busy and so don't always have same day appointments) and also for overnight service, and felt comfortable leaving my car overnight. I don't know the full breakdown of oil change since I've had other maintenance done at the same time, but I believe it to be comparable to other local shops and at a fair price.   I also like that they have a frequent customers card where if you get 4 oil changes, you get the 5th free!  I am not a "car person" by any means but I've been to other repair shops and have left with that uneasy feeling that I was being taken advantage of and paying more than I should. That is not the case here.  In my interactions with Loren and Bob I found them and the company to be trustworthy and fair, which is ultimately why I keep coming back.
2 I was referred to Imperial Auto by Jeff at Professional Brake Service (ProBrakes has a 5-star Yelp rating and 15 reviews). Jeff said that "Loren at Imperial is the guy when it comes to hot rods." So I called Imperial - their receptionist was very welcoming - and I drove 23 miles to Henderson to have them work on a few issues I was having with my newly acquired '70 GTO.  3 stars for pinpointing and fixing an electrical short in 2 hours and adjusting my Rochester Q-jet carburetor to pass Nevada emissions. Zero stars for putting my car in a workbay where their swamp cooler spit hundreds of spots of calcified water on my black paintjob in the 108*F heat. "It comes off easy," said one of their mechanics. Not exactly...  Imperial Auto likes to wash their customers' cars after service, but I generally avoid washing my older cars with a hose to prevent hidden rust behind and between body panels and seams. So I declined the wash, paid for services rendered and drove home to wet-sponge off what I could of the calcium spots. The white crusty material came off, but the acidic spots left hundreds of chemical-etched dots in the paint. After an unsuccesful attempt to remove the dots with a random orbital buffer and 3M fine-cut rubbing compound, I spent 4 hard hours wet-sanding the damaged areas with 2500-grit sandpaper and finally buffing it out. Not to mention another 2 hours sealing and waxing the paint back to it's previous state.   The shop owner was fully aware of the swamp cooler spitting but didn't think it was a big deal. He also seemed to be very talkative and friendly with his other customers at the shop, but not with me, his demeanor with me was "suspicious" for lack of a better word to describe it. Yet, the other Imperial personnel were very friendly. I couldn't get my head around it. The vibe from the owner was weird.  Note: one repairable item they found was worn sway-bar bushings, which on a muscle car are easily done in your own driveway during your lunch break with 2 tools - a ratchet and a wrench. Imperial wanted $200 for the job. Their front desk service advisor also told me they would have to 'special order' the bushings, "it being a 1970 car and all." This was a red-flag to me as GM used the same sway-bar bushings from 1964-1977 and any AutoZone or PepBoys down the street carries several varieties over-the-counter and also have polyurethane versions in stock at all times. Needless to say I did it myself the next day.  Alas, good old car help is hard to find, and that's why leasing a new car is great because service and parts are included the entire time you drive it. Happy motoring, Yelpers!
5 Overall, great service and very fair.
5 This review is long overdue.    From late 2002 until just a few months back, I had a 2003 Nissan Altima (Always Leeching Tremendous Income from My Account)   The warranty was long gone, and every couple of months I was puttering, pushing or pulling it into the Nissan Dealership where I would subsequently be tied up, beaten, and robbed of my money.   Okay not the tied up and beaten parts, but certainly robbed.  One day a friend of mine recommended Loren at Imperial, and I never looked back.  His prices CONSISTENTLY beat the dealerships, and service was always warm and welcoming.     The only downside is that it does get super busy, and they seem to prefer for cars/trucks to be left overnight to give them some time to work on them.   That's not to say that they're not willing to let you sit there and wait it out and have them try to expedite the service, but sometimes I did feel like my car got lost in the shuffle early on in my visits to them.  That changed over time when I had to keep bringing my car back and it probably became the last thing any of the mechanics there wanted to see, but I digress.    My favorite thing about them is they're willing to let you know what needs to be fixed ASAP vs what can be put off for a while, and also how long things can wait.   Several times they told me of $100-$300 repairs, but would tell me that I could hold off on them for a few months if I needed to.   I also purchased parts myself online and brought them in for replacements and was only charged a minimal labor fee.  Once a trust had been developed, Loren was also occasionally willing to stretch out payments for me on major services (though don't tell him I told you that, it might not be for everyone.  I have an honest face).   A few times something went wrong with the car shortly after a service (there should be a japanese horror movie along the lines of the the Ring or the Grudge about my car), and Loren and his crew were quick to fix the car free of charge since I'd already paid for that service.  Since then I traded in my Altima for a new Camry (SUCKERS!), and am going to ride out the warranty at the dealership.  Whenever anyone asks though, I highly recommend Loren if money is at all a concern, and once my warranty runs out, he will get my business again.    PS.  I have solid info that Nissan stands for Soul Sucking Mechanical Demon in Japanese.
5 Extremely fair and a great shop.  Loren is an honest mechanic and always remembers me when I have to stop by.
5 I always take my vehicle to Loren and he always does honest/great work.  There are a lot of shady mechanics who are looking to make the most money off of you, but I have been taking my vehicles to Loren since 2002 amd I had nothing but great results.
5 I was referred by a friend. Went there today for the first time to have my brakes done. They did a great job at making my wife and I feel comfortable. Total opposite of going to a car dealership service dept. I didn't feel like they were trying to suck me dry. Terry  was awesome and we even met the owner Loren before we left. If your looking for a family type atmosphere look no further. I'll be coming back to have some work on my truck done.
5 Honest and Fairly Priced!  Travis at the front desk was very professional and helpful. Genuine and honest!   I came in due to a check engine light spitting out a code "p0440" for a Lexus IS300. This a small leak in the emission evap system. I know this from Autozone look up prior to my visit here. Had them check with a smoke test and found no leaks. They could've told me I need this, that, arm and leg but didn't! They reset the sensors and sent me on my way. Only charged me $40 for the labor AND diagnosing. Offered to smog my car also for only $22!   Pros: Honest and cheap diagnostic price. Cons: All the way at the edge of town.  Will be visiting them for future car problems due to the high mileage on the Lexus and will recommend to friends and family :)
5 Hands down THE BEST!!!  Imperial Auto & Truck was referred to me by Jeff at Professional Brake Service.  My transmission was in need of repair, replace, rebuild.  Went it first went out (reverse was suddenly gone) I took it to a mechanic across the street from my neighborhood and I had been driving home when I lost reverse.   They told me it would cost $500 just to find out what was wrong with it.  I asked for a price range to fix it once they found out and was told a minimum of $3000 and could be as high as $5000.  I went home and immediately went on Yelp.  The mechanic I originally took it to has some not so good reviews.  I called Jeff at Professional Brake Service and he highly recommended Imperial.  When I called, Loren (the owner) answered the phone.  I told him the issue and he knew right away exactly what the problem was.  He gave me a price quote over the phone and it was much lower than the other mechanic's low end quote.  I took my car in one hour later.  Since the repair was going to take about three days Loren even set me up with a rental car for a mere $20 a day.  My transmission was fixed in two days (not three) and the price quote Loren gave me was spot on.  I have read horror stories of ppl taking their cars to get repaired and are quoted one price and end up spending twice as much.  Imperial is honest, friendly, professional and I will always take my vehicles to them for repair.  Thank you Jeff at Professional Brake and thank you Loren and Fred at Imperial.
5 Honest, friendly and affordable service! I was visiting from California when I noticed my brakes were over due for a change so I yelped near by places. I called several places to get estimates and insight on the whole process. When speaking with Loren  from Imperial Auto he gladly met my request and even ordered the brand of brake pads I wanted. While I was waiting in the waiting room I had a chance to speak with the other customers and let me tell you! When a place of business has repeat customers of ten plus years in the waiting with nothing but great things to say, now that's a place where I want to do business. They also dropped me off at the place where I was staying while they repaired my car, the end result. Phenomenal service! I highly recommend this place and they have earned another repeat customer for sure!
5 The BEST! I've been coming here since I've been in Vegas and would not trust my car to anyone else!
5 So this is hands down the best shop on Vegas! They replaced my rotors and brake pads after giving me three different options! The work was done lightning fast the car was cleaned and washed! Service was impeccable as they're AAA rated as well and for my 2011 camaro 2SS I was extremely happy! I highly recommend this place as my mother in law and oldest son have been going there for a couple of years now. Friendly service from the service advisors Fred and Darcy! Would recommend to all  and will be passing out cards as I'll be back there. I wish more garages were as honest and expedient as this one in the World!
