1 I sho thank yall for reading this get a chair because I am finna tell you like it is. If your a lady reading this I have one word for you (bugs) and tons of them....also the staff is rude...the trash smells to heaven and I wish I could give zero stars. I would not want someone I love to live here. But I would gladly point someone I dont like to live here for years upon years.  Better yet If I could give these morons negative five stars GOD knows I would. Each month my husband pays the rent and on time but each month they post notes on my door as if WE have not paid and they excuse they give is...oh it comes from another site we didn't write that letter sorry. LOL What a joke.  The people next door stand outside they smoke drugs in the open. The Lady across from us has nasty unkept kids who draw all on the walls with chalk. And are allowed to play and ring your door bell all times of day and night. Its a nice lil old couple who lives in the back of us and people throw eggs at their home/car all the time because they call the office about the noise level...next to them is a 2 bed room but 10 people live their. So not kidding you 10 people live in a 2 bed room apt. Here at fine arzano we are given parking spots yes the office took time out they lil lives to give us parking spots (Bless they lil hearts) However if you leave home workers who work here will take it upon they self to park in ya spot along with everyone else with a car. mhm...And also that brings to mind the broke down car form the 80's that's been parked next to my new SUV for months upon months its got cobwebs growing under it no lie.   Back to the bug issue ok I have sprayed so much bug spray I ponder if I will get some kind of lung problem or cancer. We have at night crickets and no not the wireless company I mean they come out like this they house and they in a army and they finna take over. You cant walk to the apt they all over the side walk traumatizing me I'm so very afraid of them. We have Cockroach and some bugs I can even tell you what kind they are. But I can tell you I have a fear of bugs so we will move. Its so many bugs here its like a plague from the biblical times. I am not joking and all the staff can say is oh we will put you on the list so we can spray. Even that is a joke. The bug man comes and sprays one wall and looks at you like hes done something great like parted the red sea. I have sprayed so much spray I said I will keep the store receipts and take it out of their rent lol no I wont do that but I wish them well I am moving soon as the lease is up. Lord they trap you in a lease they allow living conditions such as these but charge you a arm N leg to live here. The devil is a lie  I will move ASAP.
4 This place has done a entire turn around what took the owners so long? Even tho the old staff are gone. I still have my eyes on a new home.The best thing ever was a change in management once that change was made we got great care from the bug man who sprays each Monday and life got better. I believe what he use now is 10 times stronger than what he use to use. I'm proud to say I've not seen a bug in say two months tops.  I will however say that people drive like they on a race track and should someone hit my car we gonna have a huge issue. But I woke this morning to find that slow road signs have been placed thru out the property.  All the new staff know me by my middle name Queen. They know I'm extra nice and won't make a sound unless something is wrong. They tip they hat to me because I understand they time is valuable and I don't fuss unless its a 911 emergency issue. They also know I say what I mean and mean what I say. I don't waste my words on bull . Although I did call the maintenance man when I saw a cricket he came at once and killed it but he laughed Queen he said you can get off the counter now it's dead. I said stomp it again to make sure. I am not gonna be that crickets lunch. He was Looking like he wanted to eat me. I don't do bugs on any level. Nope...shakes my head. I don't know what the hot summer months will bring but one thing I do know is this place is being run by a better class of people. After a meeting with staff this morning I very well may decide to stay for another year. And if Im able to say that after my first review you know things have really turned around.
4 I moved to the Arzano Apartments from Los Angeles on the advice of a friend of mine. I have to say that after searching and visiting several properties all over the Las Vegas Valley, that Arzano was the right choice. Omar, Krystal, and Tasha were incredibly kind, non pushy, and completely accommodating to my needs. The apartments as well as the grounds are well kept and clean. I have an attached garage unit but the amount of covered resident and guest parking is plentiful. I was concerned about the area being on the East Side of the Strip, but the location is great. I have convenient access to the 551/93/95 and 215 freeways, as well as Whitney Ranch, Sunset, and Henderson areas for shopping and dining. My first month at Arzano has been excellent and I don't see that changing anytime soon.
5 My experience at Arzano was fabulous. I had a fabulous 2 bedroom apartment with garage and stainless steel appliances. It was very very quiet! You hardly ever saw anyone! All maintenance issues were handled same day. It was very pet friendly. The gym was never crowded. Although the pool in the summer can get very crowded with people who don't live there! Other than that it was good. The only reason I moved is because they raised my rent almost $300 so I decided to move elsewhere. The rent is based on the market so at the end of my lease it was very high! However, I would recommend to others!
5 We moved in dec 2013. They made everything very smooth for our transition. Mgt is great always fixes things quickly.    The office is open 7 days a week which is nice.  The pool a gym are open 24/7 which is really nice.   Mgt has promotions for guests what seems like every other month this month was a party at the pool with prizes good and drinks.  It's a nice thing.
