4 Having a neighborhood rental car location was very helpful and I was able to utilize this location several times. I never had any issues here while I was going through the nightmare of overhauling my old camry.   Of course, that isn't to say that car renting is fun. Everybody who has ever rented a car knows this process is ridiculously more complicated than it needs to be and everything you say or do will result in you paying more. So here's a couple tips while I'm at it: 1. don't ever choose the fuel purchase option (FPO), just fill the tank up before you get back, 2. check your own insurance coverage before you buy their coverage, it's usually redundant. There's a crapload of loopholes they get you on, but those are the basic ones.  That being said, the people I dealt with here are nice and reasonable and I never had the feeling that they were trying to pull a fast one on me unlike at the airport. Don't rent a car at the airport. Also, if you're waiting for a car across the street at the Enterprise next to the dealers and your dealer isn't paying for it, stop. Chances are, this location has no wait and will at least have rates that are comparable to the Enterprise.
1 Horrible. This place is connected to a 7-11 and doesn't have any selection of cars. If you have a reservation for an insurance claim you can only get a go-cart sized vehicle. If you make a reservation online they will not honor your reservation. If you expect a nice clean car, Don't, their few vehicles available are dirty and cockroach infested. This place gives Hertz a bad name, unfortunately that's my only and last experience with Hertz. I called Enterprise and they picked me up within 5 minutes. Just use the Enterprise on Warm Springs road they have more than 500+ vehicles and run a tight ship. This Hertz branch needs to be shut down, period.
4 The staff is very friendly even though they very busy.
1 This is my 5th time renting from them and I refuse to use them anymore as I've given them too many tries..  Not only do I have billing issues every time, but have had poor customer service.  There hasn't been 1 time there hasn't been any issue with my rental.  Adding drivers, additional charges that shouldn't be on there and now fuel issues.  I am now more willing to pay a little more to use Enterprise for quality customer service and no issues.
1 Horrible. This place is connected to a 7-11 and doesn't have any selection of cars. If you have a reservation for an insurance claim you can only get a go-cart sized vehicle. If you make a reservation online they will not honor your reservation. If you expect a nice clean car, Don't, their few vehicles available are dirty and cockroach infested. This place gives Hertz a bad name, unfortunately that's my only and last experience with Hertz. This Hertz branch needs to be shut down, period.
