1 Beware of this company taking you on an unwanted scenic route.  On 6/4/10, I ended up in a Nellis Cab from Mandalay Bay to the Airport.  As soon as I got in the cab, the driver (who had a Filipino accent) asked me if I was Filipino.  I said no and then he asked me what I was (very rude).  He then proceeded to drive through the back service lots of Mandalay, which seemed odd to me at first, but I thought he might be taking a shortcut.  Then we started driving towards the freeway, away from the airport.  I asked the driver, "hey, the airport is back there" as I pointed behind me.  He said, this is the way and got on the freeway.  When we finally got to the airport, I waited for him to get our bags out.  The meter read $20.83.  I said to him, "Is this your first time here??".  He looked at me like was cold busted and said, "what".  I told him that I know he tried to rip me off.  He told me to just pay him whatever I wanted.  I didn't have time mess around so I gave him $10 and told him he's an ass****.  He clearly would not have told me to pay whatever if it was an honest drive.  The cab number was #751.  I will never get in a Nellis cab again.
1 Took a Nellis Cab from the Luxor to the airport. The driver was fairly curt. When we arrived he was annoyed we would need a receipt, and told us our 26% tip was cheap and refused to make change. He suddenly found himself with a 10% tip, at which point he called my husband a "fucking dick" and peeled out. Classy guy.
1 Never take a cab from the Nellis company. These guys take you on the scenic route and rip you off. Our cab 778 refuse to take us on short road home saying it is closed. They are a whole bunch of liars and thieves! They have a customer service that never picks ups or return your calls! Take you business elsewhere.
1 This was my complaint I submitted to Nevada Taxicab Authority ( http://taxi.state.nv.us )  This complaint is against Nellis Cab. co, Cab number #584.  The cab was a Van cab, white with blue skirting.  After driving slower than the rest of traffic and starting the route on a longer than necessary direction (which was remedied after my request), the driver refused to provide a reciept for payment of the ride. I paid in cash, and when asking for for reciept, the driver said "I don't do them". I asked if he was out of them and he said "No reciept". I asked him to write down on a peice of paper a reciept for the ride and he said "I don't write". I told him that this was unacceptable, unprofessional, and would be reporting this incident. He then drove away.  Nellis Cab Co. METALLIC BLUE SKIRTING & FENDERS, WHITE DOORS & BUMPERS 5490 Cameron Street Las Vegas, NV 89118 Phone: 702-248-1111 Cab Numbers:   500 - 999
1 If I could give them less I would  Best tip use another cab service
1 I am sure there are some honest drivers with this company but I didn't get one. My driver was nice, I asked him not to take the highway which adds $12 to the fare from the airport. It was $17 to the Venetian. I added 20% tip and the $3.00 credit card fee. I also gave him $3 cash tip for helping me with my bag while I was on the phone. I guess that wasn't enough because he added another $40 to my card I guess. I was charged $63.40 for that short ride. My cab was #548.
5 Our cab was #717.  I believe his name was Andrew.  Man, this cabbie can sure read people.  We were leaving Hard Rock after AVN and didn't want to wait in line with the rest of the folk.  Yeah, I know, we brought some CA ghetto to Las Vegas.  We wandered out to the sidewalk and just kinda stood there glancing around.    This guy is in the line of cabs rolling up to pick up at the Hard Rock, but he rolls down his window and yells, "Hey, you two need a cab?"  Ha, smart man.  All he had to do was ask. We jumped in and this guy whizzed us back to the strip where we had parked.  He was fast.  He was a lot faster than the cabbie who took us to Hard Rock.  In fact, I think Andrew's fare came up 4-5 bucks less than the first cabbie.  So, of course, I tipped him just that much.  I had already assumed I was going to pay that amount anyway.
1 BE WARE OF THIS COMPANY. IF YOU SEE THEM AT THE AIRPORT DO NOT USE THEM!!!!!!!!!!  I arrived to Las Vegas for work purpose my flight landed at 6am I had to be at the convention at 8a.m. I was rushing I had work bags and my own carry on bag.  A younger middle eastern guy helped me with my bags and that is when the experience began.  My cell phone kept ringing, and obiously I was there work purpose so I had to take the calls. I am not sure if he thought I was not paying attention but a $15 dollar ride from the airport to the hotel cost me a total of $47.00 I was going to the HILTON.  I saw on our way to the hotel he took the fwy and kept adding a $1.00 over and over I started questioning myself. By the time we get to the hotel. I ask him how much I owe him and ask him for a receipt he immediately tells me he can not provide me with a reciept if I pay cash. I did not want to start arguing right there and then so I say Fine. Then the next thing out of his mouht is how much tip do you want to leave.  I say $3.00 he laughs and says no Ms. I only take 20, 30 or 40% I say WTF. Where is the sign he pulls up the credit card pad which shows the 20% 30% or 40%.    You have to remember that I am already running late. So i tell him to charge the 20% he sure does and give me the reciept I see he charged the fare, 20% and a $3 tip on top of it all. A Total of $47.00 I am furiouse.   I go to my room change and on my way to my meeting. I pull the receipt and call the cab company. I do have to admit that they took care of me the gentleman who answered the phone was emabarresed about the situation and asks me to write him a letter along with a copy of the receipt. I sure did.    Long story short with in two weeks I got a refund in the mail for $97.00 dollars at the end of the day. The company did take care of me, but by far this has been one of the crasiest experiences I have gone through.   Becarful when traveling to Vegas especially if you are alone.
1 If cab number 546 pulls up, wait for the next cab!!   I have never experienced a more reckless driver in my life -- speeding, violently switching between lanes, jerking the car around. We asked the driver to slow down, and his response was that if we didn't like his driving, he could turn around and take us back to the hotel (of course he turned around to say this us, and we had to ask him to turn around and watch the road). He then proceeded to drive unreasonably slow in the left lane, despite other cars honking at him. To make matters worse, over this course of this ride, our driver ate an ice cream, finished a couple bottles of water and was on his cell phone... Terrifying.
1 worst compay ever. rude drivers and even more rude dispatch. Barry in dispatch needs some people skills training.. take your business elswhere
1 I can't rate lower than one star... too bad.  After the driver told me to tip more, I told him my tip was to not tell me how to pay him.  He then replied "F**k you!  F**k you guy!"    Are you kidding me?
1 Arrived at midnight, opted not to take the city bus. Nellis Cab #781 picked me up at the cab stand. Arrived Harrah's. Meter read $14.00.  Broken credit card reader hanging off the front seat - female driver told me to slide my card. The screen (which I was holding in my hand because it was broken), flashed something about a "SURCHARGE" of $7.00 - as I was swiping my card.  I knew then that I had been taken for a fool. But WAIT. It gets worse. The receipt, which the driver had to reach under her seat to retrieve, included this note:  CARD WILL BE CHARGED TAXIPASS PLUS $3.00 VOUCHER FEE"  Total for the 4 mile ride to Harrahs: $21.00  AVOID THIS COMPANY, AVOID using a credit card, pay ONLY THE METER RATE, or better yet take the EXCELLENT CITY BUS from lower level baggage claim area!
1 They "tunneled" us from the airport to The Excalibur hotel. Our cab fare was supposed to be less than $20, instead it's $26. Lesson learned and always make sure "no tunnel" or "no freeway" because these days cab drivers in Vegas are money hungry and don't care about rules and regulations.  LV taxi authority...what you gonna do about it?
5 Sean - Cab #778.  Awesome driver!  Flew in on westjet to terminal 3 from Toronto today.  Probably the most honest driver I've ever encountered.  The first time I have ever not gotten "taken for a ride" through the tunnel on the way back from the airport.    He drove me to the Palazzo, and got me there in good time.  Handled my bags nicely.  As an added bonus we had a nice conversation about life in Canada and his desire to move there, and he smelled good as well as the cab unlike the usual cigarette stench that it seems all these drivers have.  Kudos to Nellis Cab for hiring honest driver.
1 One of the bad cab companies we used during a recent Vegas trip.  The cab driver tried to long haul us when we asked him to drive us from the Rio to the Luxor.  Instead of jumping on the I-15 and exiting on Tropicana, he was going to take us one exit further, which would have cost us another $8-$10.  When I asked him "Dude, are you going to exit on Trop?", he said "You're going to the Luxor right? I'm taking you there.".....I said "I used to live here for many yrs, don't bulls__t me and exit on Trop."  He did and wasn't happy about it.  Guess what, he got $0 tip from me.  They get a % of their fare anyway and we can't control that....but the last thing I was going to do was give this guy a tip for trying to long haul me.  Return Factor - 5%
1 UPDATE: This company charged my debit card $38.00 after I disputed the charge for long hauling and paid the driver cash. So, if you're keeping score: $58.00 from McCarran to Travel Lodge on Koval, you can practically walk there (2.7 miles). I'm reporting the charge as fraudulent, and have filed a report with the Nevada Taxi Authority.   ---  Minus 9000 for Nellis Cab Company.  Had the misfortune of hiring car #765 on Sunday April 28, 2013, at McCarran, after having just been royally screwed around by the airlines. The driver of this cab was completely incompetent and didn't understand English...or did he?   I think he was pretending to not understand, because he took an unnecessarily LONG route to our hotel, located right next to the airport, and turned a $15 fare into a $40 fare. I called BS, gave him a twenty and basically said "go F yourself." And this is also what you should do if a Las Vegas cabbie ever tries to scam you.     Also, this little guy had his permit obscured with a piece of paper, in such a way that I couldn't get his name or even see his picture. Don't use these ridiculous, unethical crooks.
5 Nellis Cab rocks my socks off! Not only was my ride from the Venetian to the airport speedy but the driver was super nice and conversational. Unfortunately my iPhone fell out of my pocket when I exited at the airport BUT I called and left a message with their Lost & Found department and my Mom got a phone call from them saying they found my iPhone and gave her the number to give to me so I could call and they can send it to me! Best cab company ever!
1 After taking one cab from Texas de Brazil back to the Luxor......nearly lost our lives. He ran a red light and as he proceeded passed a car held up by traffic, the turning vehicle had to slam on his breaks and he ended up swerving to miss that vehicle. The best part was when he tried to blame the people in front of him when both of us saw the light was red. It gets better.........he then asked why I didn't tip him and proceeded to explain they other drivers suck. (Cab #602)  Like one of the posts on here said........we too were robbed when they took the long way around to drive up the cost. City of Sin....what do you expect?
1 Worst cab company I have been in, in a long time ~ like ever.  Long hauled.  $10 trip ended up being $30.  Will complain to Nevada Cab Authority.
1 Nellis cabs are some of the worst in the business in Las Vegas.  I got cab #766 from the airport taxi stand on Friday. He started the meter and began driving to Treasure Island, our destination. After instructing him to use local roads and to avoid the tunnel and highway (to prevent the "long haul" scam) he stopped the cab, got out, and opened the passenger door to kick me and two friends out of the taxi.  I told him we didn't want to leave the taxi and move our luggage and then he proceeds to take the highway even though I had asked him to take the local roads!  Blatantly violating two laws (1. not taking the shortest route 2. not obeying a customers route request) is ridiculous. I stupidly did not call the taxi cab commission 24 hour number upon arriving at my destination. This was suggested by others afterwards.  If a driver takes the highway to your strip location, you should wait until arriving at your destination, refuse to pay, and then call the 24 hour LV Taxi Cab Commission number right away. 702-668-4005
1 Cab #785. Took cab from hotel to airport. The hotel told me to make sure to ask to go through paradise. But the cab initially wanted to take the highway (much more miles and not faster - I had google maps up). While following my instructions initially the driver decided to go his own way despite my repeated request to go my way. He then proceeded to tell me that I could drive if i wanted and that his job was to take me to the airport the way he wanted. He then insisted again on how his way was better (it was slightly longer). Also they dont tell you until when you are about to click on okay that there is a $3 charge to pay with credit card. Very bad experience. There was no complain number and it was hard to see the driver's ID.
1 Horrible ride is all I can say! Gosh. Taxi driver frank get a different job!
1 Driver #516 took the long route through the tunnel to get to the hotel, an illegal maneuver known as "long hauling". When we questioned why we were taking the route that was twice as long, he lied and said it was to "avoid traffic". Lesson learned: insist they take you on the direct route, not the route that basically doubles your cab fare. Unfortunately, to file a complaint with the tax authority is more trouble than it's worth, and I think the cab drivers know this.
1 I was suckered into overpaying for a ride.  What should have been a 10 minute ride took 45 and cost $50.  "Sammy" handed me a blank receipt claiming his printer didn't work for credit cards... the receipt was for a different cab company.    When I checked Google Maps, realized I got ripped off, and called the number on the receipt (Desert Cab), I had great customer service trying to help me out.  No record of my transaction in their system.  Suggested I check credit card billing statement... it was Nellis.  If you pay with a credit card and are offered a blank paper/ cash receipt instead... you probably just got ripped off.  Be careful.
5 Kudos to Nellis Cab Co., I lost my wallet when I was already at the vegas airport on my way back home. Then the next day they called me saying their cab driver found it on the backseat and turned it in to their lost and found dept. They shipped my wallet back to me free of charge and got it in the mail after 2 days and everything was still intact. Sorry I didn't remember who the cab driver was as well as the cab # but whoever he is thanks so much, you will be blessed in another way. Didn't expect this can still happen nowadays, specially in vegas! If people are honest like this, life would be super easy. Many thanks once again!
1 A driver from the Nellis Cab Company refused to give us a ride because we had a child with us and no child car seat.  According to Nevada State Law, taxis are exempt from the child car seat rules and we found no other taxi service that refused our business with our son in tow.  Something must have happened that was unique to the Nellis Cab Company that has resulted in its no child policy.  Perhaps they are all convicted sex offenders and cannot legally drive children.  Yeah, that must be it.  Don't use Nellis Cab Company.
1 Avoid this cab company if you can.  They always try to take a unnecessarily long route  to rip you off.
1 These people are crooks! On a trip back to the airport from the Marriott which is just behind Planet Hollywood off of Tropicana, the cab driver drove us  behind the Aria which is in the completely opposite direction to the airport, down to Frank Sinatra before heading to the freeway. The guy even ignored me when I told him to take the shortest route!  A trip that should have been a couple of miles and around $15 ended up being a tour of the city that cost almost $30. From the reviews here it is obvious that this cab company is notorious for long hauling their customers. Avoid them if you can!  I filed a complaint with the Nevada taxicab authority but I'm certain nothing will come of it.
5 A small electronic device fell out of my backpack in the back of a Nellis cab last week. I phoned and left a message in Lost and Found; they phoned me back the next day and asked me for a description. They spent $5.80 (plus their time) to send it back to me - all of that during the chaotic week of Consumer Electronics Show.  Excellent customer service. The cab ride was good as well.
1 I will never use this company again.  The driver took the interstate to get to the airport from the Strip.  He refused to turn on the A/C, a clear violation of Clark County law.  He drove erratic and in an unsafe manner.  What should have cost $10 I was charged $20.  Never again will I use Nellis Cab.  It was car 776 or 766. I should file a complaint with the county.  This guy was worse than any New York City taxi driver I have ever had.
5 On a recent trip to Las Vegas, we rode in a Nellis Cab Company vehicle to our hotel from the ariport.  Being visitors we had no idea that we were being overcharged by the dirver...and he alone not the company.....until we took a return cab drive a few days later from the same hotel back to the airport.  The difference between the two fares amounted to approximately $20.    We wrote the cab company complete with all the details and our receipts explaining what had happened.  In a short two weeks, we received a lovely letter from their Human Resource Manager and a FULL refund for the trip!  Obviously the management of this company cannot be with every driver all the time...but their actions exemplified to us that they are indeed a very reputable company!  I 'd use them anytime! Peter Foley
1 Don't ever use this company . They long hold people , bad costumer serves .  Shame on you guys. robbers !
1 ZERO stars... I'm amazed that a transportation company refuses to obey not only traffic laws, but ADA laws as well.   This morning I went to the post office on Sunset and witnessed cab #659 was parked in a handicapped space and also was blocking the access bays meant for those who need the extra room. When I asked the driver what he was doing, he played stupid. I told him to move but he refused.  I finally got fed up with the guy, so I called the dispatch line... They proceeded to hang up on me. Wow... What terrible people.  While I may be more sensitive than most people to this issue (I have a disabled daughter - HugsforHailey.com), I cannot understand the laziness and narcissism of people.   Do not use Nellis Cab!
5 Like many other of the reviews for Nellis Cab Company, I received a taxi ride from a dishonest taxi cab driver, just trying to make a buck. He took me on the long route despite my request to take the shortest possible (legally they have to as well), and literally doubled the rate of the charge versus taking local roads. Because I was unfamiliar with the area, the taxi driver took advantage of this situation. I wrote a letter to the General Manager of the taxi company and was extremely please with their customer service that made up for the poor service received from one of their employees. Cora Nalog (Human Resources), kindly responded to my concerns within 2 weeks and issued me a credit and apologized on behalf of one of their employees misbehavior. Even though the taxi driver was disappointing, the management was sincere in their apologies and timely responded to my concerns. Because of Cora, I will still use their service next time I am in Las Vegas.
1 Never use this company! We took a taxi cab to wet n wild from Harrah's and the ride was $32 plus tip. On the way back from and to the same locations the ride was $41!!!!   Then we MISTAKENLY used this sand company again later in the day. We called bad asked to be picked up and were told it would be about 20 min and if our taxi had not arrived to calm back. After 30 min we called back bad we're told "we're working on it" wtf does that even mean?!? Anyway after another 30 min I called back and told the dispatch we had been waiting an hour and would like an update on eta of the taxi. This woman proceeded to scold me and says "why didn't you call back after 15 min?"  So, after I informed her we did she tells me they are still working to dispatch a cab. Are you freakin kidding me????? After an hour the cab still hasn't been dispatched?? Ughh. Never again! Needless to say we called another company who picked us up within 15 min.   Stay away from this company!
5 My husband and I went to Vegas for our honeymoon. Our first cab ride ever was with Nellis Cab Company. The BEST experience. Because we have never been to Vegas the cab driver was so friendly and told us a bunch of great places to go on the strip. On top of that he had great stories about the history of Las Vegas. The cab driver made sure we were comfortable and assisted us with our bags. We will never ride with any other cab company! AMAZING!
1 Terrible service, we were ripped off by cab # 522 who added 20% to the meter total telling us there were extra fees. Then he started the meter over to take us to the other terminal and charged us another 20% on top of the meter. I intend to make sure this person is fired before I am finished with them.  Please contact the Better Business http://www.bbb.org/ to report these awful people
1 These guys suck.  They went WAY out of their way just to jack up the fare.  What should have been a 5 mile trip to our hotel ended up taking 3 times as long and cost $45.00.   We didn't realize it until we got to the hotel and looked on the map on our I-phone to see actual route driven versus what it should have been.  I assume they are hoping that none of their passengers have a clue.  I called the company immediately and the girl acted like I was the first one to complain of such a thing.  She suggested that I write a letter to the company.
