1 They will try to charge you a $180 fee and refuse to do work unless you pay ti when they are only supposed to charge $60 for home warranty jobs. The pretend regulations require the $180 disposal but it is a scam (see: http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2009/aug/22/dont-pay-disposal-fee-old-ac-compressor-units/).  Also, if you are a home warranty customer, they totally back burner you.  Very unprofessional customer service and technicians.
1 First, you have to be transferred to so many people before finally someone can understand an issue. I have had service to my water heater and to my air conditioning. The water heater guy was a complete cocky a**hole, not only called 10 minutes before the last possible time he could be here (they told me between 9-12p) and said it'll be another hour or so, no apology. Once he arrived, he said I needed a whole bunch of "up to code" stuff. When I checked with other companies, they said I didn't need all that. Air Pro had to do the install per home warranty, but I got the un needed charges that I was told by the water heater guy that I "needed" off, it was $120 worth of stuff not covered by home warranty. The comment by Maggie about the "required" disposal for $180 also was told to me, when I looked into it, I found out it's not required and I can do it myself. The man that came out for the a/c was very nice and helpful, no problem with the a/c worker. I have a new issue with my AquaTherm system, something that works with my water heater to keep my house warm....something I obviously won't need to have run in the Summer....but it has been running,and gas bill is 3x what it should be, so I called my home warranty company and they sent the same a**hole from AirPro that installed my water heater. So unprofessional, he said "who installed that water heater, cause they did a good job". I didn't find it funny. He just looked at the AquaTherm and said there is nothing wrong with it, and he doesn't work on those, so I'll need to call the home warranty company back and Air Pro will need to send someone that works on the air conditioning, because it's those people who work on the AquaTherm....so that's what I did. I explained very clearly that it is not the a/c and not the water heater, but my AquaTherm system that needed repair, and I'm no tech, but my AquaTherm works with my water heater, so why does someone who works on a/c need to repair it? So Air Pro sends another person who can't fix it and they tell me it is a plumbing issue and they will have to call and schedule that.....who knows what issue it will be next, but this system running is costing me money each day and the people at Air Pro don't seem to care or want to help.
5 We had problems with our heather and our HW referred to Air Pro Masters and they were very professional. They came right away took care of the problem.  Jason the name of the technician told us that we needed a new motor, and it was going to take a week to get it because he needed to order, meanwhile he did something so we didn't have to have heather in this cold weather. In less than a week they called us and informed that they have the part thay they ordered and they wanted to come to install it.  Jason finished the work very professionally and we were very happy with the service.
1 I had a terrible experience with this company.   They put me on the back burner since I have a home warranty plan (It took 5 days for a water heater to be replaced). It also took two visits for them to complete the job, which costed me two afternoons of work as a physician (which is about 40 patients).  They rip you off ($500 just for the permit, sediment trap, and earthquake straps). The parts/permit are less than half of that, so that's $250 in their pocket for 20 minutes of labor.  They are unprofessional. The tech drove off without completing the job the first time. When he stopped at the top of the street, I walked up to talk to him. He drove off as soon as he saw me crossing the street to ask him why he was leaving! When I called the office to find out why he drove off, she lied and said that they were completely out of water heaters. I knew this was a lie, because the tech said he had one on his truck and I saw one there with my own eyes!  AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!
4 I was sent to Air Promaster by my home warranty provider after telling them I didn't want to deal with their original provider L&S since they have solid 1 star ratings on Yelp. On a 115 degree day, my downstairs unit started blowing room temp air. Warranty company sent me to Air Promaster. The next day, Jerry turned up within the time window they gave me, and called me when he was on the way so I could miss as little work as possible.  He looked at the unit and determined that it was the fan that moves the air across the cooling vanes that was bad. He contacted the warranty company who approved the new fan. He didn't have one on the truck (said we had an odd size) or in the warehouse, but he'd be back the next day to install it.  I left the side gate open for him, and in the morning, he called me to tell me it should be good to go.  When I got home and reset the breaker, there was a noise of the fan hitting something for a couple of seconds, and it still blew room temp air.  I called Jerry and told him, and he said he'd be back in the morning. He called me the following morning to tell me that one of the wires to the fan had been too close to the blades and got cut when the fan came on. He repaired the wire and the air started blowing cold.  I was expecting to need a new compressor and only had a new fan. Jerry should have been a little more careful with the wires but did go out of his way to accommodate my schedule and finish up the job after they had my copay check in hand.  I would use these guys again even after the warranty expires.
5 With the weather scorching the Vegas Valley....our AC went out on Thursday night around 11pm.  I put in a service request with my home warranty and was Assigned Air Pro Master. 8am in the morning I received a phone call from Kristin, and she told the first available appt was on Saturday between 11-2pm. Thankfully we still had AC on our first floor so I took the appt and dealt with sleeping on the floor one more night.  Saturday morning at exactly 11:02am Air Pro Master arrives and fixes our unit within  half hour.  By far a wonderful experience!! and my upstairs is livable again!
1 They were sent out to us by our home warranty service, which should have been my first red flag since our home warranty has been terrible.  There was a $60 service fee for them to come out.  They said that the issue wouldn't be covered by our home warranty, but they would fix it for $30, so we would owe a total of $90.  We confirmed with the service guy three times.  We paid the $90 in cash, then got a bill later from our home warranty for an additional $60.  Air Pro Master then said the repair was $90 and we still owed the $60.  From now on, don't trust anything that comes out of their mouth, make sure it is crystal clear in writing.
2 Previously I gave them 5 stars, but now only 2. As the technician just solve the problem with my AC for couple of weeks. So, when he came he diagnosed freon leak. So, he just add freon and even didn't try to search for leak. So, as the leak wasn't fixed by him, the freon that he added leaked after two weeks and again my AC WAS BLOWING WARM AIR.
1 Today, I have just experience the worst service from this company. I am tenant renting a house and the home warrantee company contracted Air Pro to do a repair. Sabrina from Air Pro contacted me to setup an appointment with a time window of 3 - 6 pm. I explained I can do this timeframe; however, I have to pick my daughter up at school at 3 pm and will not return to the property until 3:30 pm the day of the appointment.   Sabrina agreed to the terms of this appointment and said she will make notes in the "system" to alert the service person that I wouldn't be at the property until 3:30 pm. I get home and there is a message from Sabrina on my home phone, not my mobile, informing me that it is 3:15 pm, there is a service person at the property and they will not wait.   After, contacting Sabrina at Air Pro inquire about this situation, she informs me that this was a missed appoint and there are NO notes in there system. And, she has no recollection of this conversion we had for a same day appointment. Therefore, I am being accessed a $75.00 fee/penalty for lack of incompetence by Air Pro staff.   ***Buyers Beware*** this company has a lack of integrity.
5 I've seen a few people complain about them, but my service tech, Jose, did a fantastic job. He explained everything he was doing, what caused my problem, and how to prevent it from returning. He also gave me a warning about what is ABOUT to go wrong, so I can start getting ready for that. (Or, you know, sell the house, since a break in the underground line under the slab of my house could start running into a ton of $$$.)   Everyone at their dispatch was very friendly.   I'm a fan. I think they did a great job.
5 I had Arreola do my work and it was great. I will ask for him next time.
5 Great service all around! Jose was wonderful! Very helpful & great at what he does. The girls on the phone are very accommodating when scheduling appointments that best fit your schedule.
5 Quick response and techs know what they are doing! Very kind and cut my cost!!! Will recommend to anyone!!! They did various repairs to my home...AC, heater, pool and plumbing. Very reliable. THANK YOU AIR PRO MASTER!!!!
5 This company was sent out for my rental and what can I say I couldn't be happier with the service!! The tech was on time, on point and repair the problem first time around!! That's what I'm talking about!! Thank you I hope I get the same company if any other accidents happen!! Thank you!!
5 A pleasant experience all around. The gals on the phone worked around my schedule and were very accommodating. They explained all that needed to be done and definitely saved me some money too!
5 This company ROCKS!! My home warranty sent out this company and I will ALWAYS request them in the future. The dispatch person scheduled the tech the same day. Jason was my tech and he was so knowledgable and honest. He explained everything to me. I had some follow up issues, which was no fault of Air Pros, & Jason came back out that same day even though he was SUPER busy because I had my daughter'a party the next day. Absolutely excellent service and knowledgable. Recommend Jason - you will be so happy you did!
