4 Vegas Yelp Elites are throwing a 80's themed party in a week so naturally I hit the thrifts to get authentic 80's gear. Out of all our stops, this was the biggest, cleanest, and most fairly priced thrift store.   The BF for the hell of it got some authentic 70's bellbottom knit pants for $4. You just never know when you might need some nice fitting disco swag...maybe will come in handy for a party later, but is actually such nice quality that it can be wearable.   I have dropped into Goodwills and Savers around town and they definitely are priced higher. I mean, okay it's alright to have a bit higher prices on modern wear, but 80's gear that very few people in their right mind would wear out should be a bit cheaper so they can sell. At Savers, the cheesy 80's crap were the same price as modern clothes. Seriously? No one will buy that aside for costumes and since this is a out time use, I don't want to buy $40 of clothes to get a look for a night. I was looking at ridiculous button up blouses a la Boy George for $4.99-$8.99 at Savers and here those were $2-5. Glittery gowns a la Dynasty for $12-20 here and Savers at $15-30 being the usual. I was looking at bright colored shoulder padded blazers here and the most expensive was $7, most were about $4-5.  I unfortunately didn't find anything this past weekend, but I was mostly browsing for ideas and couldn't make up my mind. If don't find anything my whole look this week- I will come back this upcoming weekend to Deseret to give one more look over for my costume.
5 Best Thrift store ever. They actually price things accordingly, unlike goodwill and savers that price things almost like new.   I got a six foot divided handmade tank for my lizards with wood inside for a hundred bucks. Easily a five hundred dollar tank. I got a BOMB computer desk for twenty dollars, Ive seen desks for hundreds that arent as useful.  The people are friendly and helpful and this place is actually for people to buy things. If you need a couch, you can grab one here for under fifty bucks. Stuff is priced to move, so there is always new stuff coming in.
4 Warning!  This thrift store might shock you.  If you expect a dirty cluttered mess with unhelpful employees -  this place is different.  Deseret Industries is run by the Mormon church.  As a result, the employees are Disney-like clean cut, well spoken, polite, and even dorky-goofy. Immediately, that dorky Donny and Marie Osmond song "I'm a Little Bit Country" popped into my head. Anyway, the facility is spacious. There is good lighting.  All the clothes are laundered before being put out on shelves, though lots of hands touch these garments.   While visiting relative in North Vegas, I had a gardening assignment to transplant some flowering annuals. I was here to look for a used small shovel in decent shape. Didn't find it, so I looked around the store.   New stuff supposedly comes in every day.  However, few of their stuff was new. Lots of women's and kids things, some furniture, like tables and desks, electronics and old TV's, old shoes, and books can  be found.  The mens sections have categories like athletic clothing, short sleeve knits, t-shirts, jackets, sweatshirts, and even ties.  Hate to say this, but most of their ties are butt-ugly. I've seen ties like this worn on Father's Day only to be quietly donated to places like this.  And of all the displays, the ties were the fullest LOL. I browsed through the oft faded, but mostly old and even retro merchandise, like Tommy Hilfiger and Bad Boy, and similar shirts. So that's where my 90's donation ended up LOL.   My brother once found a Trek road bike here with no tires and badly scratched up.  The employee told him it was found in a drainage ditch in North Vegas, and kept in the police station.  After one year, no one claimed it and was donated to Deseret.  So my brother bought it for $40, put some new tires and brakes. It's not very pretty, but it rides well.  Not a bad operation at all.  Actually, the main reason I stayed in here so long was because the outside temp. was 111 degrees F. and it was cool in here. It is a nice operation, though for a thrift store.
5 Did not think this was really a thrift store when I went in the first time.  Kept thinking it was a consignment shop or other unusual 2nd hand store.  Nope, it is just very organized and clean.  Prices are very fair, $8 for a nice leather blazer, new jeans, $50 for wedding dresses, 50c dishes and tchotchkeys, fabric remnants, furniture is decent, but goes fast if it's extra nice.  They have testing stations for electronics, an "as-is" yard for big stuff like gym equipment, beds, golf clubs, luggage, etc. New stuff daily, things go quick so you can't wait on an item.  If you like it BUY it because it will be gone tomorrow. I have stopped going to ALL other Thrift-2nd Hand stores because this one doesn't make you feel like you are grungy, poor or insane while there or for going there.
3 My work place has a small kitchen with some utensils for assisting with daily lunch, or our occasional pot luck, however, the forks always seem to disappear.  I cannot always find one when I need it.    So I decided to check out Desert Industries thrift store to see if they had some forks with a good price.  I was surprise to find they had a large selection of matching and miscellaneous flatware, for 10 cents a piece!  I picked up 15 forks, all matching, for a $1.50!  What a score.  I also took a look around and found a few seasonal items that I picked up for a couple bucks to add to my collection.  I guess it pays off to check them out occasionally.
4 I've been a fan of Deseret for a few years now.  One of the better thrift stores in town!  The store is super organized and doesn't have that typical thrift store smell.  All the clothes smell fresh and clean - nice!    The prices are great - priced to sell and putting the "thrift" back in thrift store.  The staff is chatty and as nice as can be.  I'm docking one star because the last time I was there I noticed the addition of the dreaded "collectibles" case - where the thrift stores place the items they think are worth something only to jack up the price. That takes the fun of the find out of it for me - and I hope this isn't an indicator of things to come price-wise.  I would be sad to see Deseret start pricing items close to retail like Savers and Goodwill have done.
5 The staff are friendly and courteous.  The store is very clean and it's a non-profit organization. I highly recommend this place.
3 A-OK.  Think of your stereotypical thrift store, and you've got this place in a nutshell.  It's big, everything could use a wash, and there are loud families running around.  It's the perfect vision of finding shtuff on the cheap.  What I found both interesting and helpful is that customers have access to their sorting area in the back.  While that's probably inconvenient for them, it helps us look through things that just didn't make their way up front yet.  What they do have organized isn't anything to scoff at either.  They have quite a bit of selection which can be fun in and of it self to go over.  I'll also note the surprisingly good repair that everything is in versus their price.  As a note to those money conscience ladies out there: this place has the cliché once-used prom/wedding dresses, and for us guys, there are suits too, just not as nice as those.
1 Friendly & courteous staff?  Are you kidding?  We just left there a little while ago.  We chose to leave our cart full of merchandise because of how rude & disrespectful the cashier was.  We were accused of switching stickers on an item.  When I asked the cashier why there was another exact same item with the exact same price sitting on the sales floor (I offered to go get), she said we switched the stickers on both.  Really? I've never even thought of doing such a thing.   Friendly & courteous?  Whoever wrote that must work there. Will never set foot in there again.
5 I"m a big fan of any thrift of discount store. This one is one of my higher ranking stores. Usually a quality selection of items at great prices. Especially in comparison to a store like Savers who's prices tend to be a bit higher for a thrift shop.   I love the huge room at the back of the store, there's a ton of random items back there for the finding! They usually have a good holiday selection for decor and more.   The staff here is nice, the store is neat and orderly and the bathrooms are clean. Great place to find that awesome bargain! will shop here again!!!
5 i  love this place... it was the 1st thrift store i found when i moved here.... it is really one of the best thrift stores i have been to in years... the prices are so great i can really shop... i have bought everything from clothes and shoes to books and furniture... i can buy my family good brands and styles and not have to bust the bank...  i go here at least once a week just to see if there is anything i have been looking for...
3 Crappy toy selection, old tired furniture, lots of VHS tapes, poor book selection, but very good on quality clothes for both kids and adults on a budget.
4 Paying tax...I like this place, clean, people are friendly as well...
4 This is my favorite thrift store.  I love the fact that all the clothes are color coordinated. So it makes it easy to find a pair of blue capri's on one rack and then a matching blue or whatever color top on another rack!! This way you are not spending hours flipping through close to find the size/color/style you need.  The store is CLEAN! and I find the employees are quiet friendly.  I give it 4 stars because it's too far away from where I live!
3 So I'm an avid thrifter, and today was my first time here. Savers is a lot closer to my house but they have been immensely disappointing lately. I was in the area and decided to give this place a shot.  Upon walking in, it looks more like a department store (think a small Kohl's or Ross) than a thrift store. Very neat and organized into sections and by color. And the prices are great. But that's not why I'm reviewing. I'm reviewing because today, at this store, I found my all-time most sought after thrifting item.  Stripper shoes.  Not only are they Pleaser brand, used by a real stripper, legit Vegas stripper shoes, but they're black, in good condition, AND they're my size. I have no idea why I even want them, but I've looked for this exact item ever since I started thrifting years ago, and the only time I've seen them was at Buffalo Exchange for around $30. I paid $6 at Deseret Industries.  Only giving them 3 stars because as a whole, they didn't have the best selection. I got a cute Chico's sweater for 5 bucks and that was about all I could find. Not really much crazy vintage stuff either. But man, am I happy about those stupid shoes.  I will be back.
5 Love this thrift shop!! I got about 11 items for $26! The cashier even rang my items up more discounted that I thought!! Very organized and clean everywhere. Things are usually separated well by sizes, nothing mixed up and you don't have to hunt as much as a regular thrift store! Will be back!
5 This thrift store is AMAZING.   Their prices are super low, it's pretty huge, and very organized.  It reminds me of a department store the way it's organized, just with crazy low prices.  I found them to have a great selection, and I spent so much time there just going through everything.  Their staff were helpful and their dressing rooms/bathroom were actually clean.    What totally bums me out is that there were Deseret locations in Arizona, where I lived for 6 years, and I never step foot into it.  I MISSED OUT!  Now you know how great it is, so you don't have to miss out too.
4 Love this place! Always find great stuff at low prices.  As clean and organized as it gets for a second hand store!
3 They sold me a coffee maker with the wrong coffee pot. I guess I should've looked but I didn't even think about it. It makes a mess every time I brew a pot so I stopped using it and went back to my tiny 4 cup pot. Not sure who to blame but make sure you really check out what you're buying !
5 This is my absolute favorite thrift store. I always find cute clothing for very decent prices. I got 2 dresses 2 dress pants and 2 business casual shirts for $18.00 today. Can not beat that!!:) They are always very well organized and the staff is always very friendly and willing to help you with anything. Highly recommend everyone to go here. :)
