4 I'm new to buying scrubs and this place was recommended by some friends. Customer service was superb! They helped w/ all of my questions. The store has a fitting room too.  They give a 10% student discount, so don't forget your student ID.  The only drawback is that they don't have petite pants in-store. I was told they could order them though, if needed.  Go here for scrubs if you don't purchase online, like I do.
3 I'm a window shopper especially when It comes to things I have no idea where to buy, Scrubs and Lab coats (Future Physician Assistant in the making). I've gone back and forth with scrubs etc and Life uniform (uniform store in the meadows mall) comparing prices and quality.   Quality of Products: 5/5 They carry big names in the uniform world like Cherokee & Dickies. The quality of the products are pretty good and durable. I ended up buying a set of top and bottoms in black with two front pockets. I've washed them twice now and the color still hasn't faded.   Price: 0/5 Scrubs here are a bit over priced, my set was $60 with a discount that ended up being $45. At the time I thought it was the best deal till I went to walmart across the street and they sold the same pair for $10 for the top and $10 for the bottoms. I also bought the Walmart scrubs and their quality is just as good. The colors haven't and for the price at walmart I got a good value but at scrubs etc this will probably be the last time I shop there.   Service: 3/5 The service here is by far the best asset this place has. You can tell its family owned, they can be a bit pushy when your the only one in the store but that's just sales so its understandable. Overall the couple that owns the business are actually pretty nice
5 This place is really great, if they don't have what you're looking for, they will order it for you which I think is totally awesome.
1 The man who owns this store seemed nice at first but is actually very rude. I tried on several scrubs and accidentally got some makeup on the collar of a couple of the tops. Instead of griping about it after I left (like any normal person would do), he went ahead and got on to me right there as I was checking out. I apologized and even offered to help get the makeup off, but he proceeded to laugh at me for my offer, shook his head in disappointment and explained that he would have to take them home and wash them. It was an extremely uncomfortable situation and I will never give him my business again. I should have walked out instead of buying the scrubs that I ended up getting.   I will give the younger lady there credit for being very helpful and patient with me in dealing with my indecisiveness. Unfortunately, the old man will drive most of his customers away.
4 Staff is friendly but the owners are rude.
1 Wow!!! If you would like to be greeted and helped. And gosh ...even just treated humanely!  :\ I advice you do not shop here at scrubs they are so mean the 2 older owners were gossiping about a customer who called and started to fight. Their culinary wear is limited and over priced. I tried some chef  pants on and asked if there may be some smaller in length? ? ( I really didn't know ) they both were angry and said I can buy them and go get them altered.  (Ok!) But I felt so bad I truly was turned off to give them any of my hard earned money. The one girl they had working there though she was really nice... Darn didn't get her name. But don't even waste ur time on these poor customer service people. I'm so disappointed
