3 love the place only problem is the staff very rude!
3 Okay, I am going to start off by saying the actual expertise of the person who did my brows the few times I have gone here so far was great. That is not why the 3 star rating. The store they have rented, and work out of, looks HORRIBLE!!! If you go there you will know what I mean. That is the ONLY reason for the -2 stars.  The service though? They make my brows look awesome. I don't like to wax anymore because after experiencing threading, I feel that my skin is a LOT less irritated and red after (if at all), with the same result - beautiful brows!
1 I  been threading for several years. Just recently I decided to start going to this eyebrows r us because the one on flamingo and eastern was quite a drive. This is probably the the fourth time I use them. This is the last time. The woman that took care of me was extremly rough. It felt like she took sandpaper to my eyebrows by the time I got off the chair both of my eyelids were bleeding. This person was unprofessional and rude. I have never had that kind of experience at any threading place. Today my brow line is swollen and hurts to the touch. To make it worse when I spoke my mother about it she described the same treatment the last time she went as well. I will never go to this place again. To the woman that did my eyeborws: I hope that some kind of happiness seeps back into your miserable life. No one should live with that kind of anger.
5 This place was great! Ask for Sasha. Me and my mom went there and we were done so quick. The place that I had went to before made my eyebrows too thin and uneven. So I had to let my eyebrows grow back and thankfully Sasha made them look nice again. It's not a bad price either. It's $10 for the eyebrows and $5 for the lip. But they always have specials going on like 3 sessions for $20.
5 Go see malika  she is great always listens to what I want and every time does an excellent job!! I had my eyebrows done by Sasha before and they were horrible I started going to malika and she fixed them for me... Love her work
5 Wanted to try this place out since it was on the way home and I was quite pleased. Malica was the one who did my eyebrows and she did amazing! She is a very sweet worker! She did it pretty fast and it didn't turn out bad at all. Definitely going back!
