3 SECURITY i've never been robbed, but my friend had his place broken into and his car's gas "siphoned".   he learned from the property's employees that 3 different homes have been broken into the same month -- with military being targeted the most.  they use to have a visible guard who bikes around the community (guards that change often), but i didn't see one the last month i lived there.  the gate also has an issue with being broken (then left wide open) or piling up traffic (irresponsible residents w/ no keys); but this seems to be an issue for properties in Vegas who don't post a guard at the gate.  the PRO to all this lack of safety is that the cops do come by often and they are prompt to come when called.  MANAGEMENT my view maybe biased here as i had a negative experience with them.   management, IMO, is a mixed bag.   i think the employees are cheerful, attentive and nice, but the property manager (female) is sexually biased.      MAINTENANCE/PROPERTY i thought pool, gym, and greens are adequatly maintained, but the grounds themselves tend to get trashy and dirty from residents who don't pick up after themselves.   dog poop is visible everyday (the same one on CONCRETE for days sometimes).   i have witnessed a beer bottle left on my staircase for the past year and a tub of ice cream by a resident's door for almost a week before cleaned.  the maintenance team has always been friendly.   my issues are solved within adequate time.^^  parking seems to be somewhat of an issue.   TR@AC use to flag cars that are not listed in their files with a warning-to-tow tag...  however, i've yet to see this done with the new management company (PINNACLE).   i noticed an increase in the amount of cars around my building.   what's really shady is that there are always two different cars in the prime spots every week.  i will say that i've never had an issue with finding a spot near my place, but it feels uneasy to see two new strange cars around...  BE WARNED...  the air around the community can stink sometimes.   this is because there is a pig farm near that burns their pig's feces every now and then.   i've never had a real issue, as my windows keep the smell out well.    APARTMENTs THEMSELVES while i honestly loved my floor plan, the amenaties (fridge, microwave, sink, washer/dryer) inside were really common for nice apartments like these.     the windows are awesome at keeping your room temperature in, the AC/Heat unit always worked well, and the walls were adequate.   you will hear neighbor parties, doors slamming, and dogs barking - but i've yet to find a place that doesn't suffer from the same.  my only gripe was that my living room's temperature was always less then what i wanted.    COMMUNITY the people are generally nice, but allow their kids to roam around rampant and loud.   i feel bad for my friend, who hears them everyday outside his first floor apartment.   to boot, he has had his car dented by their play (bike.?).    MOVE-IN, RENT & MOVING OUT i don't know if the new company does it still, but Vegas military see their application and deposit fees waived ($330 total i think).   *BTW, THX VEGAS ^^* new residents get to live free till the end of their first month.  TR@AC accepts personal checks or online payment.   i hear some residents have issues with online payments.  while it is a bit tricky to setup, i've never had issues with it myself.   you will not get a refund if you accidently pay rent twice in a month like i did tho.^^;  RENT-wise.   i didn't think it was too bad.   i fell in love with my floor plan so didn't really feel a loss.    my rent was $850 (Windsor 1000ish sq.ft) and $15 for water & sewage.   Gas, Power, Cable are seperate charges.  when i moved out, i was not charged any fees.   i've been briefed by a maintenance worker and a management personal - that they want a clean fridge, spackled wall, and spot-free carpet.   they were true to their word, so i sincerely appreciate that.  good to note that - i've heard the law (at least in Vegas) does not hold residents responsible for walls/carpet after living there for a year.    IN-CLOSING TR@AC is a good place to live.  They can be one of the better community to live in if they would only setup a guard-booth at the entrance to manage incoming traffic.   that would really lower crime or "strange" cars being around the community at night.
1 Yuck I couldn't be more disgusted with this complex, the other review is correct in saying people let their kids run wild! (i.e. Bikes, dog walking etc.)   Maintenance took 4 days to change a lightbulb (probably office staffs fault) as the maintenance staff is awesome and I've never had a complaint about the personnel.   Office staff could CARE LESS about concerns. I got soaked because i was smoking and the apt above decided to wash their balcony, went to the office, nothing was done. When I called for the light bulb I was told and I quote "eh, it's gonna be a while before we get to that". also we requested our dishwasher to be fixed 10 MONTHS AGO! still no fix, again probably staff.   I work at a high rise condo and I would NEVER treat my tenants with such disrespect. I'm sad to say I am forced to renew because base housing has a waiting list.   The apartments themselves are nice and spacious, no complaints there.   Dog poop is EVERYWHERE! people don't pick up after themselves.   Security- I spoke to a guard about a CREEP that kept stopping by my patio to talk and continually reached over my wall (also stole stuff off patio, I have proof) and was given a phone number to call if he came by and bothered me again. Called one night around 9:30 or 10:00 and got a voicemail, great, that makes me feel safe.   If I could give this complex no stars I would. I was so excited to move from an alliance property to pinnacle and then when I went to sign my lease I was told it was now owned by alliance. Great. ALLIANCE SUCKS!   Management (property manager) changes every other month because we get a letter every time something changes (all the things they are going to implement around the community as the new manager) haha it's like a politician, empty promises!   Love my floorplan, hate my community. It's not worth the trouble you'll have by living here! OH AND THERE'S BLACK WIDOWS EVERYWHERE! when I asked what was going on... I was told oh you want us to spray? Uh yah mother f****ers I want you to spray, shouldnt that be automatic if there are poisonous bugs around?! Just another ghetto nasty las Vegas community with loud neighbors. I couldn't pray enough for something to change here!
2 My unit is the Windsor its one bedroom one bath and a den. Rent is 735.00 but..You also pay common area electric (this is Junes bill) 7.83, Sewer 22.87, Trash 10.51, water 13.08, service fee 3.75 with all those charges rent is about 793.00. Last month s bill was 803.64. I m not sure if larger apartments are the same but our electric bill ranges from 40.00-80.00. Now no one was at our apartment for 2 months we turned off the AC close windows ETC. and we still had an electric bill of $45. 33. Gas is about 22.00 a month. There s a lady she has curly brown hair and thin I m sure everyone who comes will know who I m talking about well she s nice at first but after you sign your lease she s rude she might be Bipolar. We did not sign our lease with her but I have had to request maintenance to come and fix things, and it seems like she s annoyed. Okay now the carpet. It s clean at first but after awhile spots appear (we have no kids or pets and we take off our shoes) but what happens is that the people who lived here before I guess would spill things carpet cleaning only cleans the top layer not the foam (I think that s what it is) so I guess the bottom layer is still stained and as you walk on your carpet with time the stains will re appear. They should either get a new carpet cleaner or put new carpet every two years or something. I think living at one of the apartments further from the office would be a bad idea there s some characters around there and it seems like it s loud. I go over there to pick up my mail. We won't be renewing our lease because to be quite honest the people in the office are rude, and the gates probably close 3 times a month (the exit gate closes but not the entry gate.) The apartments are nice inside but I have seen better Please shop around we had no time to shop around. The only thing you can have on your patio is patio furniture, plants and I think that s it you can t have anything hanging on the rails like satellites. Theres a pig farm near by that I think makes Manure at night it smells for about 3 hours but you will get used to it in 8 months.:) Another thing the alarm system is pointless!!!  I agree with Meka never accept verbal confirmation, staff here say different things  Read more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/NV/North-Las-Vegas/The-Reserve-at-Arrow-Canyon_702436779989081/review-111177290#ixzz2fe31Pm5I
2 It's called Broadstone at Arrow Canyon now.   The units are extremely nice; I couldn't say anything bad about that. 5 stars for the units.   Though, for this community to call themselves luxury they could use some work. Half of the equipment in the gym needs maintenance on them. The equipment is either missing parts or is in dire need of a waxing (both treadmills). I've reported this to the office though I don't feel confident that they put in the work order.   Next, I'd like to mention that the staff is not helpful nor welcoming at all. Once you signed the lease you will see that their manners, attitude, and overall empathy disappears. I wish they would make more efforts to make residents happy and feel welcomed because a poor experience with staff can affect your decision on whether to renew again.   In addition, it seems like the staff doesn't like coming into work. They constantly are changing their operational hours at a whim. I have to constantly redial their telephone number throughout the whole day in hopes that they will pick up the phone. Don't even bother leaving a voicemail! And there's been times where they couldn't pick up the phone so I had to walk over to the office and either they were lollygagging or they weren't open for business (though the sign with the hours indicates they should be OPEN).   Alliance Residental truly needs to intervene with this staff.
5 Awesome place ! I moved here about 2 months ago and the staff is friendly and helpful !
1 My husband and I have lived here since January 2013. And If I could give this place a negative star then I would. The apartments them selves are lovely. Great layout, beautiful counter tops, and spacious closets. That's about the only great thing about this place.  After about a month of living here, they called my husband back into the office, and told him they had to change our lease from a 10 month to 11month. they needed to do this so they would have an appropriate amount of people moving in and out. We understood, and my husband signed a whole new lease and asked the manager to lower our rent however much because we were staying longer, she said yes. But it took them 4 months to do it. Then some kids broke all the lights in our hallway out, so at night we couldn't see anything. It took them 3 months to fix that. They have a HORRIBLE bug problem. I'm not just taking roaches and crickets. I'm saying BLACK WIDOWS, TARANTULA, CAMEL SPIDERS, AND SCORPIONS. All have been around and in our apartment. We asked for 2 months for something to be done, a bug guy came 2 days after we found a scorpion 3 feet for our baby, and the guy said he can't spray for those, so he left. Also there is a great amount of crime, I know peoples purses to be stolen, my neighbors apt was broken into, and one night we got home from work and 3 guys were shooting guns off in the was literally 5 feet from our apt. Cops are regularly here.  This apartment look nice, but is run by monkey. If they need something from you, they're on you ass. But goodness for bid you ask them to do something.  DO NOT MOVE HERE!!!
