1 Alright. Not a good place, plain and simple. The complex is dirty and nearly everything is broken. Only 2 gates work... kinda. The "Fitness Center" is actually just a closet with a broken elliptical machine and a broken weight machine. Of the 5 pools advertised, only 1 is ever open. The one behind the office. Which would be fine... except that everyone in the office watches you as you swim. There are homeless people all over the complex, begging, sleeping behind the dumpsters, and what ever else they want to do. My car was stolen, despite the "security" provided, and broken into 2 more times. There was a fatal shooting in December that management never spoke of. Last week they found another dead body and ruled it a homicide again. There are drug deals that happen, graffiti everywhere, and the kids of the complex run around as a gang. I've seen them kick dogs, knock down and elderly woman, and once even try to sexually accost a woman before people stopped them. Management couldn't care less about anything. They are constantly making errors in book keeping, charging you more for rent than you owe, or charging you less, then charging you double for their error. Cockroaches everywhere, broken appliances, playgrounds with trash and needles in them.   If you move here....Good luck. Dont believe my review? Sign a 6 month lease and see how long it takes for you to want to run away. Wish I could give this a negative rating...
1 Is there a way to put a negative star. This place deserves it. It was the first apartment I moved in to post parents. Cheap and all I really needed. I stayed in my one bedroom for 3 or 4 months. I actually like the one bedroom best but it still wasn't great. It's in a bad neighborhood. I stayed in the inside near the playground so I always heard kid yelling and screaming.   Eventually I got a 3 bedroom with my friends and moved right upstairs from where I was. Worst apartment I have EVER HAD! When we first moved in there there were multiple problems. The worst was the bugs. I hate bugs. They were everywhere and it was disgusting. I eventually had to walk down to the office and ask to speak with the manager personally. She then talk to me and it took weeks to find out what the problem was. Ugh!   Worst part was leaving.. I got charged sooooo much for all kinds of crap. They didn't make me aware of my early leaving. Over $1800. I couldn't believe it, worse they didn't send it to me so it went to collection.
4 Ok, this is where I live and I can't beat the price!  Multiple pools, Laundromats, and a small gym with computers to surf the web if you don't have internet.  I've been here for over 4 years and have had my issues with a few neighbors that got out of hand with the rules and the front office always took care of resolving them.  This is a bang for the buck place and I'm sure anywhere in Las Vegas you go you'll have any of the same issues or problems you will have at any apartment complex.  Every time you have a choice to renew or move on you say Yes or No, and I've said Yes.  Upscale? No Bang for buck? Yes!!
