3 Who doesn't want to pick up a stick and beat the crap out of something and then have candy come out of it????   So if you need a pinata for any function or Hell- just to relieve stress this is the place to go....  LARGE HELLO KITTY PINATA NEEDED....... LARGE HELLO KITTY PINATA FOUND!!!!!!!!  They have all kinds of pinatas for good prices. I paid $20.00 for a large hello kitty pinata- for a pinata at a regular store (Party City, Walmart ect...) all they do is put a flattend mylar balloon of the character on a small/medium ball type of pinata and then charge you $14.99 and higher. Sucky deal if you ask me..... JUST SAYIN!!!! But here you get a pinata that actually is designed to look like your character. If they don't have a certain character on the floor that your lookin for just order in advance and they'll make whatever you want and I think that's $5.00 more.  They even have wooden pinata sticks wrapped in different colored cellophane paper for only $1.99 each.  The store is a little dim and there are party supply stuff for sale however those seem to be priced higher than at Walmart or Target.  So I suggest that you buy your pinata here and the other stuff elsewhere.
5 Five stars for the piñatas! They are the only place in town with Angry Birds and multiple characters from the game to boot.   The candy, gum, and toys to fill it is really low priced too, but watch the lollipops, most contain chilli and are spicy in the center.   They have a lot of character party supplies that are hard to come by elsewhere and they are masters of what they do. The prices can't be beat. $10 for a small one along the lines of what you'd find in Target, Walmart, and Party City for much more and their big ones are beautifully made and only $20 a pop They can do any character that they don't already have if you pre-order. This will definitely be our go-to place from now on.
5 Great Selection and Great Prices!!  They had everything and can custom make as well. Word to the wise bring cash or be prepared to pay an extra dollar to use plastic.
5 I have been coming here for a while now. I come here to puchase pinatas and mexican candy. I  Love this store. This will definitely be my go to store for pinatas, Mexican candy, and gifts. Love their new gift store. Gift Emporium.  They carry my favorite characters. I purchased a batman bank and keyring. Prices are great  considering the quality items they carry. Will definitely be coming back to check out their new arrivals.
4 I have purchased pinatas here a few times over the last couple years. Other than a not so convenient location they are good. They normally have the character I'm looking for on hand. This last time I went I had them custom make me what I wanted for only $5 more. Since I went in advance for the party I told them I'd come back in two weeks for it. I'm not sure how short notice they will do on custom orders. I told them I wanted a ninja in black clothing; pretty vague. When I went to pick it up it was cute and even looked like it was jump kicking in air with weapons attached. I'll post a picture soon. In all it was better then I anticipated and will continue to return. Other times I've called I've had to use my bad Spanish but recently the employees speak and understand English well.
5 Great place! Worth the drive. Bought 2 piñatas ( minion and angry bird) for 46 dollars and 1 bags of Mexican candy.
5 Best PInata Store in Vegas !!!  Great prices ! They were able to get me my pinata done on time !! got a custom made pinata for my sons birthday for only $35 the size was great !  they also got the best variety in mexican candy... anything you can think of !
