4 It's Subway, you either love it or hate it. Depending on my food craving I am both.   I love that this location is so close to my house and can easily pick up dinner on the way home. I have never had a problem with how they make the sandwich or the taste. It is very clean and never super busy so I can get in and out fast. Which is something I need if I am that close to home.
5 This is the Subway in the Providence district. They set it up exclusively for the residents of this community. It's also my  favorite Subway in LV.  It's worth the trip over here. The guy who makes the sandwiches here acts like a sushi chef. He literally folds the meat in an artistic style and presents it all impressive looking. My sandwich today looked better than something your would find at "Sushi Imagine" or "Kabuto". It was the coolest thing I had ever seen.
4 I live in the Providence area and once in a while I get in the mood for a sandwhich. Saves me a trip to far from the house. The staff was great...super friendly and made a great sandwhich. I know it's Subway but it wasn't overloaded to where all the toppings where falling out. Just have to say love the location.
4 The restaurant is clean, never too busy, and the subs are not bad. That's all we can ask from subway, and I'm glad I have one close to home.
2 I love subway and was hungry on my way home.  I decided to stop to this location due to your reviews.  The place was clean, greetings were fantastic.  When I got this gentleman to make my food he came from the back and didn't washed his hands.  How awful is that.  Just because of this I will not be coming back to this location.
2 A little grossed out when ordering a cold cut combo , a sandwich with balogne ,roast beef and ham , i asked for no balogne . They said they couldnt do that so i just said nevermind. Then later i found out the meat on the sandwich was a blend of ham,roast beef and balogne
4 Always friendly, fast service when they are empty. However this location can get packed and service comes to a halt. I can drive down to the one on n. Durango and get my food and home with people still in line at this location. But that has been rare.
