1 Extremely disappointed! I went in blindly and walked out feeling taken advantage of! The owner reminds me of a sleazy used car salesman. I asked if I could make monthly payment without auto deduction, he said yes, then AFTER taking my first payment he said that it has to be automatically deducted! He failed to tell me about all of the other expenses. There is a graduation every 8 weeks that costs $60 and every kid graduates whether they deserve to or not. The classes are only 30 mins and so full of kids that yours can easily be lost in the mix. Then, he pushes you to sign up for a leadership program that cost $20 more on top of the ridiculous $137 a month! After your child has moved up to next class, then he wants a whopping $613 for the equipment that's required for that class! The whole time he is pushing your child to refer more kids to the class, giving out cards for your kid to pass out to friends and promoting his business! This owner is way more concerned about making more money then teaching your child! Don't make the pricey mistake that I did, you will not be happy, go anywhere but here.
1 High pressure sales tactics. The instructor has very little experience with Krav Maga.
1 I wish I had read more into reviews b4 signing contract!!  Everything is true!!!   Child graduates every 2 months, each belt $65.  Watch out for yellow belt cause on top of $65, now u have to come up with $500 for weapons bag.  Oh, forgot to mention (out of the kindness of their hearts) they do offer convenient payment plan for $200 extra after term!  Be prepared to be punished if you are not well off. Oh, n don't even think bout trying to save $$ off EBay, Craigslist or local martial arts supply, no no no!  They only accept their ATA equipment.  Childs "free" uniform took 2 months to get in, forcing me to buy extra cool black one on display.  Oh, I failed to mention class accommodation.  When I enrolled my child, maybe 12 other kids now there are 25-30.  How do u expect child to learn anything with that many kids, one teacher in a 30 minute class?  So disappointed right now, please believe...if not check out a Monday 4pm or Tuesday 6pm class.
5 I've trained in Krav Maga with the owner of this business. He's knowledgable and very detail oriented and is dedicated to his members. With leadership like that, I know that the staff is going to rock.  If you're interested in a self-defense program that also packs a punch when it comes to fitness these guys are the place to be. Realistic self-defense that will leave you sweating.  The instructors are certified to teach Krav Maga which is awesome because that means the quality and authenticity of the program is going to be there.  Check them out.
5 I have been taking karate classes for several years with Champion Martial Arts.  Master Inman and his staff are dedicated instructors and work well with all age levels.  I am presently taking private karate classes with Michael Gaston and he is one of the best martial arts instructors that I have ever had.  I have taken other martial arts classes in Japan, California, and Nevada.  I have earned  belts in several other martial art techniques. The quality of instruction that I have received with Champion Martial Arts has always been excellent and the staff has always been friendly and patient with their students.  I believe that the quality of instruction at Champion Martial Arts is VERY GOOD and the instructors are knowledgeable and dedicated to PROVIDING THE BEST QUALITY OF TRAINING POSSIBLE.
2 We bought a deal on groupon for a month of kickboxing or karate.  The gentleman who greets folks at the door certainly deserves FIVE STARS; a younger man with a beard.  He assisted me in cleaning up my son's spill, went out of his way to make me aware of the schedule and helped me get my information to the desk while juggling my little ones.  Out of the three times we've attended classes here, he is BY FAR the most professional and noteworthy associate.  The studio, however falls short in comparison.  Patrons arriving for kickboxing must pass through the karate studio.  The Karate studio is over flowing to the brim with people, reminding me more of cattle being herded rather than people.  The classes aren't scheduled so there is not enough time to clean the mats in between... or even for people to shuffle out the front door before the next herd arrives.  Cleaning up my son's water spill brought to my attention just how disgusting this studio is as far as cleanliness.  If I am not mistaken,  my comments about the studio's cleanliness seemed to be overheard... and seemingly laughed at by management.  Hand, foot and mouth disease, anyone?  The children (ages 3-8) enjoyed the class however.  The instructor was sensitive to their ages and properly instructed the students to alternative exercises. The music was appropriate for the most part, and I too enjoyed watching the children while they punched away!  Instructor could have added a little more teaching; for example pointing out what muscle is being stretched for a sense of increased body awareness.    We will finish out our groupon, but thus far it seems the other reviewers are right in their assertion that the owners care more about making a buck than long time customers.
