2 Went in with my husband as its his favorite store. Typically if you ask to sample an ice cream they will let you before picking the flavor you want. I asked to sample their new one which was strawberry basil. The lady behind the counter said no. You have to pick it and then you might like it. Well I am not going to pick an ice cream if I don't know the flavor. Needless to say we walked out with nothing because she would nt let us try it. I was very disgusted because we are regulars at cold stone and know protocol and that was not it. We wont be back to this once that's for sure!
3 good on a hot day
3 A typical Cold Stone Creamery.  Like most chains, there's not much to say since they are all so similar.  This one in particular is clean-ish and has friendly employees.  There are a few seats if you want to sit there and have your ice cream, but we prefer to just eat ours on the way home.  The only thing that really bothers me here is that they are stingy with the mix-in's.  I like my Mud Pie Mojo with lots of peanut butter, thanks.  And last time, they forgot an entire ingredient.  I was distraught without my Oreos.  In a giant shopping plaza on Craig near MLK where most of the businesses have closed.  It's kinda depressing.
1 Thought I'd treat the hubby and our family friend to an ice cream treat using my Groupon coupons. As soon as we determined our selections, we were told the store stopped accepting the location-specific Groupons nearly two weeks ago. Stuck, I was forced to shell out cash for our dessert which I was NOT happy about. For some reason, the "promotional value expires Dec 26, 2012" didn't make any difference. I will NEVER go back to this store and I will not only think twice about patronizing Cold Stone Creamery, but I'm going to halt buying Groupons.
4 I love Cold Stone!  Compared to other ice cream shops these places are gold. The reason I say this is because they have some many concoctions that they can make for you. I have been to Cold Stone Creamery twice in my life and both time my experience was great!  You can buy ice cream buy the pint. They have so many goodies that you can add on.   Price wise they are a little pricier but most definitely worth every penny.  Ultimately this location is perfectly clean and very organized. There was only 1 person working when I went and she got a mini rush. She handled her self pretty well with all her orders.  I will be back for another molten lava brownie, or maybe the churros.  Man they have so many options.
3 The place was clean.  The employees were friendly enough.  The ice cream was delicious.  My only complaint is that the guy mixing our ice cream thought it was ok to tell us that his job was annoying and the worst job he ever had and he hated it.   Like we really want to hear that.
1 Came in here on a Thursday afternoon. No one else was in the shop, except for the one worker who didn't smile, greet, or even acknowledge that someone had come in. Asked to try several favors; again, no smile but just a stone cold face. In the end we got our ice cream, which was good, like usual, but I was just so turned off by the whole experience of the cashier who looked like she would be a perfect fit to work at a funeral home. She didn't even bother to say thank you. Really? I know no one likes working retail, but I think that's the least she could have done. Very disappointed and different from the normal happy atmosphere I've come to expect from cold stone.
2 They need friendlier associates and need to be trained with greater customer service. Its like they hate their jobs or something.   Or maybe the employee is just having a bad day?  I don't know...  I'll still rate your ice cream as amazing!  :-)
4 Pretty yummy on a hot afternoon.  I love rocky road ice cream and I love the way Cold Stone employees mix delicious ingredients to make requested item but at this point I prefer Baskin Robbins' take on Rocky Road ice cream.  The young gentleman that was attending to me was kind, attentive and patient, which I greatly appreciate.
1 Bring my family to this Cold Stone store on 04/10/14 by far the worst experience I ever have!!!   We came here to actually complete our family day from the fun times we had at Craig Ranch Regional Park, when we get here I told the worker her name was "Amanda" that this is my daughter first ever visit to cold stone store and hoping Amanda can make my daughter first time experience would be a memorable one. Instead of being memorable it is the opposite Amanda was not suggesting a correct mix of ice cream in result the ice cream that she suggested to mix for my daughter taste so NASTY (my daughter didn't enjoy it at all) we end up throwing it away what a waste of $6.22 and on top of that Amanda also charge an extra topping without my consent when I'm about to pay and when I ask her why is my total over $7 she said I charge you an extra topping when she clearly said to me yeah I can get u an extra twix without a problem!!! Then when I question her about it she was upset at me! I'm a guest in this store I spend my money to complete our fun day not to get a shitty service from a known ice cream store! THIS IS VERY UNACCEPTABLE!!! Cold Stone store should be a kids friendly store not a store that make my daughter day gone bad! I called the store ask for a manager but manager isn't available tonight!!! The guy worker suggested to me to call tomorrow (04/11/14) afternoon ask for "Abby" the store manager, which I will do so and voice my concern!
