1 Please heed my advice!!!!!!!!! Mirage is easily the worst experience with hired help in my life, bar none.  My home experienced a minor flood that damaged two bedrooms and a bathroom. I was out of town and these hooligans directly talked with my wife. They ensured her fantastic work and a two week timeframe. We'll we are in the middle of June and the work was finally completed, only after thousands of emails and phone calls. That would be almost 3 months for two small rooms.  Craig Herrmann is the owner and showed up. He is a devil in sheeps clothing. He told my wife all the right things and appeared very professional, but that's where it stops with Craig. Shortly after returning home I find what appears to be a convict crew in my house being led by a large and very intimidating strong armed thug named Bill. Bill continually lied, deceived and flat out tried to dupe all involved. He refused to talk to me and would constantly not take my calls or my insurance agents calls. Furthermore Craig and Bill refused on multiple occasions to provide written estimates to the insurance company. This stubbornness only created problems for my family as all worked stopped.  I was told on three occasions by Bill that his employees would be over at 8am sharp. That time usually turned to noon if at all. I had 3 days of call ins to work so work could be done but nobody would show, no phone call or apology. This became the norm for this company.  Usually insurance companies are the difficult side of these accidents but not here. My insurance company tried like hell to release funds to cover the damage but was met by absolute juvenile behavior by Bill and Craig. They had the check ready to be dispursed in late April but Billy boy lied and said the holdup was on the insurance side.  When workers did show up they usually stayed a few hours, stated they couldn't speak English and just vanished leaving the job unfinished.  On to the most disgusting part of this ordeal. I called Craig, the self proclaimed master of disaster to complain. I got out a few sentences before he started yelling at me on the phone about his frustration with the insurance company. He boasted about 20 years in the industry and god like of a business man he was. I then demanded he lower his voice and save the rabble rousing for some other poor sucker he tries to swindle. I asked what part of his twenty years did he learn to scream at a client about a third party. He was dumbfounded, pretty sure he has never been taken to task before. Craig and Bill while trying to scam the insurance comp directly placed his client in a terrible position. His unethical practices only hurt me and my family while all work stopped so he could pout.  Do to this companies shenanigans I had to hire an outside flooring company just so I could finally get my daughter back into her bedroom.  I fired mirage and Craig's thug employees but was still on the hook for the work they did complete. Craig agreed on the price since there was still no formal estimate given. Then I leave town for a funeral and this clown calls me and asks if I have 12,000 dollars for water mitigation. He asked so smugly and with a pompous attitude. I laughed at him and advised that I wasn't slow or elderly, you know the poor folk he most likely rakes over the coals.  I called my insurance company and they stated that a check was sent almost a month ago for 2500 for the water. Craig's 12,000 was audited and denied. Craig refused to cash the check and decided he might take a stab at getting it from me. He is absolutely the shaddiest, ego maniac out there, just take a look at his head shots and YouTube videos.  So this is my first yelp review and I hope it reaches the Las Vegas Valley before they make the mistake I did in hiring this unethical clown show. In closing, I would trust these guys with cleaning up spilled milk. So much more to write but I feel I would need a novel to explain.  Please stay away.....far away
3 Whew that last review!! I had a totally different experience.  The crew was professional and came in did the job and were gone in 2 days.  Sure Bill is a big guy, but he was as gentle as the proverbial giant.  I would use them again
1 I wanted to drop Yelp a line again about Mold Eliminators and how things have recently changed in my opinion.  Shortly after my first yelp review I was contacted by Ben Caine from Mold Eliminators and forgive me I don't exactly remember his title with the company, but my interaction with Ben was professional, articulate and intelligent.  Ben apologized for Bill and Craig's extreme lack of business acumen and was completely willing to speak with me to hear about the problems and stated he wanted to learn from them and better his company.  Ben was a breath of fresh air and all I could ask for. He was genuine in his concern for the clients and equally as genuine in wanting to better the crew to make sure the next client didn't have my experience.  Ben held meetings with his staff and even implemented measures to improve communication between the company and client.  Ben made a horrific experience palatable and even took monetary steps to make things better.  Bravo to Ben, job well done.
4 I have to say if anyone is looking for a company if you have a leak, mold or anything wrong due to water I chose Mold Eliminators. I called these guys because I had a leak in my bathroom water all over. When I called the told me they would be there in 30 minutes, and were right on time. I let them know I had family coming into town, and needed this done ASAP. They told me they could be done in 3 days. The crew of Omar, Art, and Oliver were right on it professional and were in and out in 3 days. My bathroom looks as it did, and couldn't be happier that I had them do the job. If I have any other work to be done they will be the first to get my business. Thank you so much for all your work!
