4 I normally don't like eating fried foods because of the greasiness, but I guess it's ok once in a while. I would rather make a call next time.  The service was ok I mean they gave me enough time to see what I wanted and when I was ready I still was waiting for a couple minutes. Nothing too bad to complain about but that's what happened.  I ordered the 3 chicken strip meal, parmesan and garlic, usually i'd go for hot and mild sometimes.  The atmosphere was cool and filled with airplane parts and had a couple of tv's which wasn't too shabby.  The flavor was alright although you can taste the parmesan and garlic, it wasn't too strong, the texture was semi crunchy if not dry although there were small bits that were a little soggy, The fries just seemed kinda greasy and soft but did have that salt and sweet taste, The ranch was really rich and creamy though. They did have a multi drinks mixer but I just had water...maybe next time i'll try the lemonade.  Between wingstop and wings n things I would have to go with wings n things. But Wingstop is definitely a contender.
5 I am a wing eater and the only kind I eat is bbq and this place I would rank as # 1 in town the flavor is amazing and with the blue chesse dressing (or ranch) you get you will be in heaven.
4 So this is my 2nd Wingstop I have visited and I am still in love!  This particular location is smaller then what I have previously been too, but still a great operation.  The staff is super friendly and welcoming.  There is a small seating area and some TVs to watch during lunch.  It is a nice place to grab a fast lunch and be out quickly.  The boneless chicken wings are delightful, especially the Louisiana Rub flavored ones.  YUMMY!  I have tried pretty much all of the flavors and I don't think you can go wrong with any of them.  The lemon pepper flavor is quite interesting though.  I usually get a few of those to go in the mix just because it is such a unique flavor.  I actually had a dream about the boneless wings from Wingstop.  You know it's good when you dream about the food!  I like the fries too.  They have a sweet & salty seasoning on them that make them tasty.  I haven't eaten here, instead I usually put in a huge take away order to bring back to my mom's house.  Yep, that's right, I got my mom addicted to Wingstop and we have had it 3 times in the past month.  Ha ha!
4 Really good! Great atmosphere and friendly service. We went to this Wingstop because we were attending a high school football game right around the corner. We will definitely be back.   The wings were really yummy, they provide you with plenty of ranch and the veggies were nice and fresh. They also have a new Coca-Cola machine that was fun to use and try different drink combos.   The ladies taking orders at the counter were super, super friendly despite how crazy busy they were.   Thanks for a fun, pre-football meal!
5 I love me some wings. This is the best wing stop in town. The manager is really cool. His name is Steve and he always talks with us and he apparently writing a book about names and it totally names sense!!   Anyways, I like their boneless wings. Best sauce is lemon pepper or hot. I've never tried the atomic but my friend said her mouth and butt was on fire!!   Their fries are really great when seasoned well. I've ordered too before and they weren't as good. Not sure if they sat too long or just didn't make them as good that day. Today when I came the food was on point, but the free style side machine was missing flavors and drinks.. Sad Nikki.
2 This place has nice decorations but the place feels extremely crowded.  The tables are small and they aren't cleaned off in a timely manner once the customers leave.   There is only one soda machine and that makes you have to occasionally wait in a short line. The bathrooms are kept locked and you have to ask the cashiers to unlock it, but when they are busy with taking orders you will either have to wait in a long line or just tuff it out :P.   I didn't eat here because I felt the place didn't deserve my money, I would only recommend this place on their slow days.  Well, hope this helps you guys and thanks for reading.
5 I love this place! It's a small location, but the service is awesome and the food is delicious. The employees are really friendly as well.
