5 Have used this place 3 times, without a doubt every time great service and wonderful pricing. They truly offer Low Price Auto Glass. If they don't have the glass replacement in stock, they get. Have NEVER had to wait. Every-time brought my car/truck in without an appointment and have never waited more than 1 hour for the completed service. I highly recommend this business for your auto glass needs.
5 Beat Safelite's price by $100 and provided fast, perfect results. Couldn't be happier!
5 Some gutless coward smashed my window and then promptly ran away giggling like an eleven year old Belieber watching that dumb documentary they made about him a few years back. Yes, he was actually giggling; I heard him. It made me question humanity.  I called ahead to Low Price Auto Glass to get a quote and make sure it truly was low priced and not some ironic name for a business and furthermore to make sure they had my window. They told me to stop by that day after work -- or told me to stop by, and I told them I could not until after work. Anyway, here is where my faith in humanity is returned.   FULL DISCLOSURE: I am fairly eccentric/particular with certain things.  Not sure why I was doing it, but I do not do it anymore ('don't smash my window'), but at the time I had 500$ cash under a backseat carpet in twenty dollar bills. I do not remember hiding it there; I would have never noticed if it would have been disappeared by someone. Thus is life, I guess.  Part of the service at Low Price Auto Glass, they vacuum up as much of the broken glass from your car. Anyone that has had to deal with it knows that the shattered car window glass is really difficult to clean all up. Anyway, this employee finds the money, avoids vacuuming it up -- literally and figuratively -- and calls me over to show me.   I was like: what is that? ::puzzled::  Money you had hidden in your car.  Oh, really? Damn dude, you could have taken it.   Low Price Auto Glass: so trustworthy that you can have your faith in humanity restored less than twenty-four hours after being a victim of violent crime. - E
5 Great place ! We made an appointment and they called when they were on there way  showed up early did a wonderful job and the price was exactly what they quoted me !  I would recommend them highly. The guy that put the glass in was very professional and helpful !
5 very satisfied! needed a windshield replacement and thought it was going to be so expensive. called this place from looking on yelp and they had good reviews so decided to try. Ash was awesome....really nice guy. explained everything well. set an appointment up to come same day. did it for a great price for my mercedes. even came to my job and did it quickly while I worked. very happy with them and would definitely recommend.
5 Great business! Like another customer I read on here, I was frustrated at someone shattering my window.  Thankfully, nothing was stolen and I called here for service.  They came to my house, fixed it well and for a great price.   I would and will be recommending them!  Thanks, Ash for your great business!
5 Wow what a great business. After having my window smashed in and car rifled through I was a bit frustrated, but these guys made all the difference.   They were a third of the price of the dealership and got the glass same day when the dealership told me it would take a week to order in.  The owner Ash was  great and got me in quick and even had a few encouraging words for me, after feeling violated from the break in. The guy who worked on the actual window seemed very confident and when I have him a nice but none to extravagant tip when he was done was super appreciative like I had made his entire week! They made what could have been a very stressful situation seem like a walk in the park. Hopefully,  I won't have to be back, but if the need arises these are my guys!  Melinda
5 Just had my Honda windshield replaced here.  Ash (owner)  is delightful and I felt like he treated me the same be would a family member. The price (always important) was significantly cheaper than anywhere else I called. The shop is spotless with a cute dog as bonus. He runs his business under the golden rule / karma. I highly recommend you call and get the price and then head over. He also had mobile service but as I live in Pahrump I went to him. It was worth the 90 minute drive there, that's saying a lot. The shop name is Secured Auto Glass.
5 I read the previous reviews on this business before stopping by for a windshield replacement. The owner was professional and gave me a great price, and the shop completed the process in about 45 minutes. I definitely recommend this place.
1 ****BEWARE*****  Do not go here!  Brought my car here, they took it to the back, then wanted to show us damage "prior" to working on it.  They showed us the whole door panel broke.  It was not that way prior to them taking it to the back,  they then told us to "have a nice day".  Horrible people!  Hopefully people will listen and put them out of business!
5 Went to vegas for a trip and my windshield broken on the last night before I heading home. I was planning going home with a cracked windshield but I found this store with good reviews so I gave a call. Ash asked me about my car model and gave me a quote, and gave me detailed driving direction to his store. The store is not far away from the Strip. What I am gonna say, it saved me money, time, and worries! $159 with only 1 hour waiting! Ash and the tech are very nice to me. Cute dog Zolo is a plus. Ash also taught me how and where to fix other broken parts in the car, in details. I ended go home on time with new windshield. Couldn't be happier~Thanks Ash! I usually don't bother to write yelp reviews unless they are SUPER GOOD (or super bad). This place is SUPER GOOD!
5 These guys were life savers! We went to the store in the middle of the night and someone busted my boyfriend's driver door window. I called around to every place that was on the internet to see who could get it done first thing in the morning. Everyone was quoting me around $250 and most were saying tomorrow or in two days from when I called. Yikes! I got it touch with the owner of Low Price Auto Glass around 10:40am and by 11:50 they had someone at my boyfriend's job on the other side of town. PLUS their quote was over $100 cheaper than the other places! The guy working on his car was professional and friendly. He got the job done within 20 minutes and was thorough with his work. Thanks for your help Ash and I'm definitely keeping your info for future reference.
5 Getting a window fixed. It got busted out at circus circus. $150 for my left rear window. I drive a 13 kia soul. The owner here is really really nice. Very happy and definitely recommending this place to people.
5 Got my car's rear right glass replace for 185 out the door immaculate service within 30 minutes other places for quoting me around $500
5 Great service at more than reasonable prices. The owner Ash is a little goofy and loudly Christian, but if you can smile through some proselytizing, they really are the best deal around. I was in and out in about 35 minutes, for less money than the dealership wanted for a diagnostic. If you have any car glass issues, this is the place to start.
5 Ash (owner) was honest, clear and very professional.  They didn't have the right window in stock but they got it from across town and still got me in and out in 1.5 hrs. Wife is super happy with results and he gives a lifetime warranty.  So happy I followed other good reviews and went here.  Highly recommended!
