1 had an install of my own equipment. quoted me 350-400. charged 400.. When they called n said it was finished i showed up to find my speaker box wasnt secured and wires hanging out, one of the 2 subs not even hooked up. opened door to find drilled bass knob into my woodgrain console, door tweets exposed on door n no cover put back on withg wires exposed, trim around stereo not on. No explanation how to use top of line head unit. new loud noise when rolling down window. Have two batteries n they say i dont need a fuse or breaker within 10 inches(standard) of battery. After taking car back 3 times, they gave me attitude and said having a fuse or breaker next to each battery is like having sex with 2 condoms on and not neccesary..I have $5000 into system and wanted all the precautions i could take..I consulted 4 other installers in town to confirm the need for aditional fuse and they all agreed.... Now window doesnt roll down properly, trim around stereo falls off, and still have hole in woodgrain console.. Definatelly would not go back, nor recommend
1 I had my windows tinted and some ground effects installed on my M6 here. They did a great job on the windows. But things go downhill very quickly.   I also had a rear diffuser and front lip to add on. The Diffuser is still on but the front lip fell off while driving and was destroyed. After recovering it, I saw how notorious installed. They took 5 regular 2 inch screws and just drilled right through the CF lip into my bumper. It probably took about 10 minutes, including getting the car on the lift.  I had talked to mike the owner about how they were going to install it and he said they would reinforce the spots where they drilled with metal washers and then bolt the back of the screw down with a nut. This clearly did not happen.   This is sad because I have brought previous vehicles to them in the past and I have more add-on's ( trunk spoiler and mirror covers) they would have installed. Now I have a project for the weekend.   They lack passion for what they do every day and are only looking for a quick buck. I don't think I will ever go back to Notorious , because they are just that, notoriously crappy customizers. Thanks for wasting my time and money Mike.
4 Stopped in to get some info on wheels/tires for my Jeep.  Got good pricing, good knowledge of fitment, installation was on time, and they did some minor modifications to make sure everything was good to go with no add-on charges.  Having seen the mixed reviews here, I can attest that the experience for me was professional, courteous, and on par with expectations.  I'll be back for tint and maybe some work on my other car when it's time.  Good guys.
1 It never ends!!!   So the carbon fiber diffuser I had installed by them fell off as well. They also said they were drilling this into the bumper , per my request and talk with Mike. This is a $600 dollar part and thankfully, I was able to remove it myself before it fell off on the road like the CF lip did. They never responded to my first review and likely won't to this one. All I can say is , if you love your car, and want to mod it, DO NOT TAKE IT TO NOTORIOUS MOTORING. Or their flamingo location, which I drive by everyday.
5 Mike did a great job on our Jag! We got powder coated rims, new tires, tinted windows...all look fantastic. I highly recommend Notorious for any custom work you want done. Fast, great pricing, and quality job.
5 Came here to get some tires flipped twice bc of camber wear for my s2k and my e36.  Tc has always provided good service at a reasonable price.   And both times my wheels were not hurt in the process. Can't ask for anything more. He is very attentive and friendly.
1 I had some work done a few years back and I'm continuously still having issues with their modifications to my SUV. First off, the tires put on were too low profile to sustain the weight of the vehicle. Making it unsafe and dangerous for me to drive around. The lug nuts they put on weren't even the right size and could have come off at anytime! Put on by pressure, instead of threaded properly. Not to mention, the spacers they put on gave the car barely any threading in the front. Make sure you have a receipt, because they'll play dumb and try to take advantage of the situation. Happened to a good friend of mine...
5 Notorious Motoring, in my opinion, is the BEST in Las Vegas! I recently purchased a truck and had them tint the windows. Perfect! The next week I asked them to customize flames.  They weren't your "Surfer Girl" flames, they were "ROCKER GIRL"!! Beautiful and envy worthy!! This week they installed my bed liner and cover!!  The work is always spot on!! This is a family owned business by one of the nicest families.  The employees are just as nice and helpful!!  The work is done timely and the prices are fair!! I am looking forward to rims!!
