4 I go to Kohl's all the time! There clearence sections are the best!
4 Kohls is my favorite!!! I love this store because its very clean, and organized! Theres always awesome clearance sections. I always seem to go in with a plan, and leave with half the store!! Customer service could be a little bit better, but overall great prices, great selections, and awesome style!
4 They have a ginormous clearance section, so that's mainly why i go there! But it sucks that when i need help finding something, there's never anyone around to ask. Customer service is ok. Nothing spectacular. Prices are a little high on some items, but not too shabby when there's a sale. But one positive thing is that there's never any lines to check out. or when there is one, it goes by pretty quick!
4 This is the most convenient Kohls for me location wise but I'd usually rather go here than one of the other stores.  It's almost always clean and neat.  It's easy to find things that I am looking for.  Kohls has great sales, but I wouldn't go there if I didn't have a coupon or if it wasn't a sale day.  That being said, we get most of our clothing and a good amount of kitchen gadgets there when they are having a sale (they let you combine your coupons on top of their store sales) and returns are usually quick and painless.    Because I know my way around the store though, I really don't ask a lot of questions while I'm in there so not a lot of interaction with employees other than the cashiers (I've always been pleased with them though--friendly and helpful when I forget my coupons).
5 I love Kohls!  I heard they had juicers on sale!  Ohhh yea!  I love the fact that you can go in almost any Kohl;s and there lay outs are about the same!
5 I love Kohls.  You can't beat the prices when you shop with a 30 percent off coupon during a sale.   $575 Citizen watch for $280, yes please.
4 The prices are great, and I love the designer collaboration collections. Vera Wang offers her Princess Vera Wang for Juniors at very affordable price points, and Rock&Republic also does a Kohl's line which is edgy and at a nice price point. I came here for gym clothes and was surprised at the prices and the availability of brand names. Left with a few gym shorts and sports bras from Nike which cost way less than I imagined. Definitely will stop by here again since it's so close to home. The day I shopped here, I caught a police officer handcuffing a woman for shoplifting haha. But I digress, it is still a great place to shop. It may not have the very latest in fashions, but the prices and designer labels make up for it.
1 Very disappointed. I went there looking for a maternity dress and was told they no longer have a maternity section because they got rid of it. As a result, they no longer have me as a customer.
4 Kohl's is similar to Marshalls and Ross but here they do a better job of keeping the entire store virtually clutter free. You can find pretty much everything you need for your whole family here and then some like bed, bath, electronics, etc. Just remember that there is not a whole concentration of popular items here for they dont cater to a lot of particular products. Clothes are what usually dominates here.  They always seem to have sales for just about every occasion and my wife always seems to have some kind of coupon, email, or text that she can use for even more discounts. Every time I come here, I always make sure to check out the clearance section first where items can be marked down as much as 75 percent.  As for service, the cashiers do a good job of getting you any discounts that may apply especially if you were unaware of it. That alone will always bring us back here.  Located just right off the 215 freeway and North 5th St, you cant miss their big signs and they have plenty of parking even for those crazy sales they have every so often.  So coming here every so often is usually based on needs and most of the time, I seem to be able to fill that need here at Kohl's.  Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #123
5 Great place to shop for grandson. Time to start buying his back to school clothes and also some summer clothes.  This is a newer store very clean and staff ate nice.
