5 The sales rep was exceptional he spent 3 hours with my family and I and made sure we knew everything we needed to know to make an informed decision. The technician doing our install Jake, the guy is a genius it seems. Thank you Sound Security! Would highly recommend.
1 I would give a zero if I could. What a joke. I have been having so many problems with them... Great sales person but service after sale is crap. I'm having to get a lawyer to get out of my contract with them because they are not providing me with the service I signed up for. What's even more ridiculous is that, because of all the problems I'm experiencing with my system, Monitronics WILL let me out of my contract but Sound System WON'T.  What a joke.
1 Hilariously unreliable and misleading.  First of all, you can pick up any company that uses Alarm.com / Monitronics and get the same service. Sound Security is just one company that contracts with them.  Second of all, which website is their real website? http://www.soundsecuritynv.com/ or http://www.soundsecurityalarms.com/ ? Both have their logo. Both are different. This should have tipped me off to prevent this disaster.  Thirdly, I'm not sure how this whole operation runs but it's not working. Why?  1. Tory, the sales rep who will come out to consult with you (yes, the same one who wrote a review on this page about how awesome he is), will upsell you on points like Monitronics response time and things like how they can call the police without an intermediary because they have "ears" in your place. Yeah, any company will do that nowadays. He'll also talk down companies like ADT, mainly because they're competitors. Not saying ADT is gold, but I'm saying he will make you think you've stumbled on buried treasure and he's doing you a favor - like any trained sales rep.  2. He'll also try to sell you on these awful, awful cameras that are supposedly 720p. He'll say they're crystal clear. I tried them and not only could I not connect to them half the time, but the frame rate was crazy low, and resolution was laughable. I returned them, and called out Tory. He said he's never actually used or seen them but just saw promo material. Way to live up to it.  3. I have been trying and trying to get my plan to the correct monthly rate and it is damn near impossible. It has been weeks! Also, trying to get equipment from them has also taken weeks. No callbacks. No followups. I've had to contact Tom, the owner, around 6-7 times now and he makes promises and excuses each time. Nothing changes. Seriously, it has been two months now of trying to get things to happen.  3.5. They actually FORGOT my appointment. Yes, Jake "the genius" proclaimed by Tory the sales rep forgot my appointment twice in a row.  Avoid. The professionalism just does not exist with this company. Tory did say I have 6 months to decide if I want to keep the service and break the contract. We'll put this to the test soon.
1 If I could give them a minus five million I would, I did like the sales rep. he was really nice that's why I went with them, they sold me a really expensive system with five camera's ( $2000.00 ) there is no service after the sale, Showed me nothing, they didn't how to work it, they didn't even turn on the Camera's in till I discovered them not recording for the first four month's, or the notification capability for the first five month's once again in till I discovered it was off, they did not know what they were doing, the owner was incredibly rude and condescending to the point of really hurting my feelings, they wouldn't return my phone call's, I finally had to call a different company to fix every thing, and not only that but I was vandalized over ten times the first six months I had their system in place not working. Do not do Business with these people , you would be better off to run an add in the paper saying your not home and the door is open I'm so sorry to have run in to these guy's.  So today I received a phone call from the owner of sound security,  he is saying he is going to sue my ass because he doesn't like the review I don't blain him one one dose but the truth is the truth, and the records will show it. This upsetting phone call is just another example of through harassment, I'll counter sue for ten times the amount does 1 through 50.
5 I was a Sales Mngr. with an ADT Authorized dealer before transferring to Sound Security. The  basic Honeywell system ADT provided was uninstalled and I  canceled ADT monitoring service.  I had the 2GIG Go Control Security System installed and switched to  Monitronics monitoring Service. The service and rate is exceptional.  I am a customer therefore the feedback I felt was deserving.    When I originally wrote the review I was not working for Sound Security.  As for the 720 Pixel HD cameras, I have the video  view-able from my cell phone. I said "I hadn't seen the cameras" However I have and always have had a live feed from my I pad, Cell phone and any web-enabled device. In your home I attempted to show you the live feed, however you said "don't worry about it." I gave you the information to view the cameras live. It's directly on our website.   Did you try and fine tune the camera? There is multiple things you can do to adjust camera picture quality just like the picture on your TV.  Also if there is lag it's because of your internet service, not camera. Premium live video HD from your cell phone is absolutely going to give you lag. If you have standard or basic internet high speed you may have lag on a computer,  if you change the resolution from HD to 640p that eliminates most problems a majority of the time.     I  sincerely apologize. I was 100% honest with you in every way. Please take this into consideration and remove my name and review.  If you would like to discuss please contact me at 702-354-4639.    Live resolution options  here's the details and these cameras are used in banks, Gov buildings etc. This is not the same quality you would find at a 7-11 or Circle K for live feed please log in  https://www.alarm.com/login.aspx   USERNAME: BeachShackDemo PASSWORD: Demo123  1280x800, 640x400, 320x200, 176x144 Recording resolution options 1280x800, 640x400, 320x200 Live quality High, medium and low compression options Recording quality High and medium compression options Recording compression H.264, MPEG-4 Image sensor 1/4" CMOS, 1280x800 Iris Fixed Iris, F2.4 Field of view 37.8° (horizontal) 54° (vertical) Low-light sensitivity 0.5 lux at 1/5 sec. Image adjustments Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, Sharpness, Exposure Video motion detection 3 windows, adjustable sensitivity and threshold Digital input trigger Yes Ethernet connection 10/100 Mbps RJ-45 Wireless encryption WEP, WPA or WPA2 Wi-Fi 802.11 Support b/g/n Password authentication "Digest" authentication Simultaneous viewers 10 Privacy Button Yes (Same as WPS button).
