1 DO NOT DO BUSINESS AT THIS JEWELRY STORE! THEY DAMAGED MY ENGAGEMENT RING!  I was looking at wedding bands and asked for my engagement ring to be cleaned while I looked.  It was a customer comfort fit, and instead of just cleaning it as I had ask, the lady put it on a shaper to "reshape" it and completely bent it!  The jeweler was not in, and I was told the owner would call me first thing in the morning.  The owner did not call me as the manager had indicated, so I contacted him in the morning and told him I expected the store to pay for my ring to be fixed.  He was very rude & told me that he has been in the jewelry business for a long time and has never had any problems.  I responded that there was a problem now and asked how he was going to handle it.  He again insisted that he had not had any problems in the past but told me to call him once I got the ring repaired and he would "see what he could do".  I had the ring repaired for a cost of less than $75, but he will not call me or my husband back so we can work out the details for him to pay.   I have experienced how poorly and rudely he treats potential customers, and would highly recommend not purchasing anything from this store.  I did file a report with the mall security so that I would have a documented record of what happened, and will try to pursue other options - perhaps small claims.
5 Just got back from Las Vegas where my fiancee and I bought our engagement and wedding bands from Joann.  Joann is spectacular and was a joy to work with during this transaction.   We had originally found the engagement ring over the Super Bowl weekend and had been in correspondence ever since.  Joann sent us pictures and worked with our likes and dislikes making sure this was a first class experience with the right fit for personal tastes.   When we arrived last weekend she had everything ready and we ended up spending about 3 hours at the store reviewing the engagement ring, fitting my wedding band and looking at other pieces for the future. This was a top notch experience.  The customer service levels that Joann and the staff at Ben Gioielli provided where thoughtful, professional and fu!. Thanks again Joann for making our engagement and wedding ring purchase truly special and memorable.  Shawn and Renee
5 Amazing service, beautiful jewelry.  I've purchased from Ben Gioielli twice now.  Last year, I bought a new bracelet and antique earrings and this past week I purchased another pair of earrings, this time new.  The experience was wonderful both times.  When I returned to Vegas this year, I needed work done on the clasp of my bracelet.  I walked in and my bracelet was taken right back to the jeweler, who tightened the clasp as I waited.  No charge.  They told me that they will do whatever their customers need for as long as they have the jewelry.  All pieces I've bought from Ben Gioielli have come with appraisals, which is excellent.  I'm very impressed with the service and quality at this store!
5 My husband and I walked into this store for the first time and were greeted warmly by David. I noticed that the displays of jewelry were clean, beautiful and also unique. My husband wanted to purchase something for me as an early anniversary gift for our 30th. What impressed me about this store and the service was that I did not feel pressured, nor did I feel like I walked into a "chain" store where everything is mass produced. My husband and I will come back to this store to purchase more jewelry in the future. Thank you for the great experience.
2 Strolling around the Venetian, saw some nice earrings in the windows of Ben Gioielli.  Their shop says they are a vintage jewelry shop & looks like they had vintage & modern pieces alike  Maybe they are more like an estate jewelry shop - regardless, their selection is lovely!  Tried on the earrings in question & it was love......but given we had just arrived in Vegas & had the whole day to play, we didn't want to commit to such a huge purchase right away  The salesperson offered a large "discount" on the earrings, right upfront & advised us if we wanted to make a counteroffer, she would reach out to the owner on our behalf - this is what led me to believe they offer some pieces on consignment  So we obtained the info & name of the person who helped us & left to think about the earrings  A couple of days later, we decided to make an offer via email but didn't hear anything back for about a week - when a response finally arrived to advise us that unfortunately the owner did not accept our offer, however he did present a counteroffer  It would have been great if the salesperson had acknowledged she received our message, so we weren't left wondering the whole week - or better yet, if she provided a status check to say she was in the process of contacting the owner & waiting to hear back......instead we were left in the dark  Well, we were unwilling to meet the owner's latest asking price, so now we are back at the negotiating table.... or maybe we're not   We presented a "final" offer & are still waiting to hear back.....and it's coming up on 3 weeks w/  no response or acknowledgement.....and we aren't going to beg to purchase those earrings & in fact, this non-communication has left me no longer interested  Even if the final, final answer is no, please follow up w/ your potential customers - when service is such a huge part of the overall shopping experience, have to say we've seen better
1 Be very careful purchasing jewelry here. Long delays in returning phone calls and emails. Also the salesperson changed the stone after we purchased(we only realized after it was delivered 4 weeks later). When the ring arrived it was missing a diamond and the sapphire had been changed out for a tourmaline. The store refused to refund the purchase, only offering to re-set the diamond. When taken to an independent appraiser(not a jeweler) the ring was worth 30% of what we paid. Very disappointed.
