1 I visited this store tonight, because I had a coupon from the local paper.  The sign on the wall says that as a customer I will receive exceptional service but I didn't receive that.    The music blaring from the broken speaker was so loud customers were cupping their hand to their ears to try to hear the workers.  I even told them I was sorry I couldn't hear them because of the music but nothing was done.  I asked for coffee ice cream but they were out of it....then I asked for a waffle cone and they were out and when I finally chose the special promoted on the poster hanging in 2 areas she said "that takes a while to make".  The young girl helping me wasn't helpful with other suggestions when I told her it was my first visit, and seemed to hate where she was as much as her co-worker (who glared at two people as they left and the customer who had to drive back for part of his order that didn't make it into the bag the first time).  When I handed my ID and credit card to the girl helping me, the guy she was working with leaned over her shoulder at it.  When he looked up and I was looking directly at him, he said "sorry".  I said "what are you sorry about?" and the girl said "he always says that" and laughed.  The only time I saw a smile was as I was paying and the tip jar was moved out of/in my way as I signed the receipt.    I immediately looked up for the Candid Camera show that had to be filming....no such luck.  We just will not return.
1 went in for a smoothie, only to be told no bannanas . its like a hamburger joint without cheese. young girl working behind the counter. she lacks communication skills.
1 I thought this chain was supposed to be relatively upscale compared to DQ, etc, but tables were dirty. Behind counter looked dirty and sticky. My little boy grabbed a used spoon on one of the tables and tried some leftover melted ice cream. Yuk. After dowsing him thoroughly w disinfectant, we overcame the sticky floors to get out of there.
3 The two reviews before mine are accurate with the service.. The manager needs to step up and handle their employees. Training, something.. I have never seen anyone older than 18 working behind the counter.    If you don't want to wait come in the morning and get your ice cream to go, store it in the freezer for the nights dessert. Otherwise like stated before expect to wait and the manager doesn't plan for busy summer nights at all. Usually only two employees working busting their butts to fill orders. Now for the rest of the review that the other two are lacking. The ice cream itself. Around this neck of the woods you only have baskin robins, golden spoon, and DQ. I think the ice cream itself here is a lot better than the other locations. It's tasty and have a lot of options. I recommend the cookie doughn't you want some and have them add Oreo into the mix. Buy the pint size.. You get a lot more than two large or "got to have it" and it's cheaper than buying two.
3 Went yesterday, the guys working were nice enough but it looks a little dirty behind the counter. There is really limited seating, but you wouldn't want to sit there anyway because the table can be sticky.   Also, the person serving me asked me if I wanted a lid, I said yes, and then he proceeded not to give it to me. The service is a little odd up here
2 Ice cream was yummy & made to perfection. Unfortunately the service was awful we waited almost 15 mins. For service while one clerk waited on customers. The other two clerks stood around and talked. Until the clerk finally asked for help. The area around the waffles and cakes were not the cleanest.
1 Wow is all I can say. Slow slow and oh yeah extra slow. These people are extra slow. Ok, so I used a cheat day from my diet and went here to get some yummy goodness. Well, the ice cream was divine but the service I got made me feel like I will never return here. I guess that's a plus because I don't need to cheat on my diet anyway. Look I have a problem when people huff and puff and wonna blow my house down because I placed an order. I asked the lady to remake my order because she huffed and puffed all over my ice cream. The 2nd time around she just rolled her eyes a million times. She did not wash her hands and naw ugh hell naw I wont return.
3 I will give it 3 Stars the new staff are very professional kind and move with the speed of a Chester cat lol unlike the old staff...Also the place is spotless.
3 The only review I have for this place is in regards to their service. Cold Stone's ice cream is just standard so there's really not much to review about that. The people that work behind the counter is a hit or miss when it comes to customer service. It just depends on whether or not they're having a minute the second you walk in lol.
3 The hubby and I stopped by around 8:30 at night. Upon pulling up, we seen that the line was almost out the door. Determined to get some ice cream, I insisted on going in and waiting in line. It took about 15 minutes to get our order, but the place was jam packed so the wait was to be expected.  All the employees were doing their best to keep the line down. I ordered the smallest size, "like it", and the employee actually gave me the next size up at no charge because she said she grabbed too much ice cream.   There's very little seating at this location,  and the available tables were dirty. But to be fair,  if all hands were on deck making orders, whose left to clean up? We chose to get our order to-go.   I'm a fan of Cold Stone's ice cream.  I'm accustomed to the long lines. But to me, it's worth waiting to get me some "All lovin' no oven".
1 Kinda gross... This short girl with glasses was working the register and handling the money. She then proceeded to make my ice cream WITHOUT WASHING HER HANDS. I definitely don't recommend coming here.
