5 We love this vet! Dr. S is always super nice and helpful. The entire office staff is friendly. We've taken both our dogs there since they were puppies, they always call us the next day to follow up and check up on the puppies no matter what the reason for the visit was. Love, love, love them!
5 I've been bringing my dog to this office for the past 4 years. I have never had a unpleasant experience yet. The doctor is really nice and understanding. He has given discounts to me many times when I was unable to afford full treatment. The staff is very friendly also and they seem genuinely interested in the animals well being.
5 This is a great animal hospital. I would recommend it to anyone in search of a caring and capable Vet.  My dog (a Jindo) is 13 years old and somewhat crippled. I called Seven Hills and she was seen within an hour. She had two claws that were infected and needed to be removed. She needed to be sedated for the procedure.  I was somewhat worried about the process but had complete faith in the Vet and his med techs.  I carried her in to the hospital...but she walked out on her own and is on the mend.  This is definitely a place that has a capable staff and a caring attitude. I recommend it highly to anyone who expects a very high level medical experience for their pet.
5 Great caring office!    My Boston Terrier started limping out of nowhere and I was worried that I was going to get dragged over hot coals or at least my bank account was...  Took him in to see the doctor and was inspecting x-ray and blood work and anything else that may have been invented that I could be charged for but was very pleasantly surprised.  The doctor felt his knee and hip and told me to take him home and just have him rest and take it easy.  He suspected that my dog may have pulled a muscle and to have him rest for a few days and see if he gets better BEFORE WE RUN TESTS!  I was shocked!  I was an instant fan!  A few months later I found a dog and took him to Seven Hills to see if they could scan him to find his people.  They scanned him and called his people to come pick him up.  So nice!  I'm sad that I have moved to the other side of Henderson...  But, they are worth the drive!
5 My cat, Benny, comes here and I am amazed at how they treat him and how amazing the service is here. He had an ear infection and they were easily able to clean his ears and determine what was causing this infection. The staff is beyond wonderful and goes the extra mile to make sure my cat feels comfortable and is getting the right service. I would not take my cat anywhere else since I have taken him here. I love how close it is to my house as well and the hospital is very well kept. I will definitely be taking my cat here for check ups because this place is amazing and they do care about your pet. I would recommend anyone to come here and bring your pet.
5 I highly recommend this place.  We brought our Pembroke Corgi in after he had caught his toenail and his foot was bleeding heavily. They took us in immediately and were so helpful.  The staff and doctor were compassionate and straight-forward; we didn't feel we were being taken advantage of in any way.  We're relieved to have found a veterinarian's office that we like and we'll definitely be bringing our dog here for his regular check-ups going forward.
5 These doctors and staff are the best I've been to in years. Their compassion for animals and helping our family deal with our loss was more than I ever expected.  I recommend this Vet ( either doc ) as the truly provided great service.
5 I brought my cat in to get his teeth clean and they did a great job. He is eight years old and had really bad teeth. When I picked him up from the vet after his teeth cleaning I checked out his teeth and they looking awesome. No more tarter! Made his teeth look clean and almost like he was a kitten again. Also I loved that they would call to give me updates on him. Thank you seven hills for your great work. Xo Kayla & pretty boy
3 I came here to bring our cat because he was throwing up. The vet was ok but really gave me the impression there was seriously something wrong with my cat. I know he has a murmur but they suggested testing, and I felt those testings would have been invasive.   They also push for science hill food. That I wasn't happy about. I did switch my cat partly from dry food to wet/dry but with a better brand. After doing a little research I found out some pets die of cancer from science hill food, and it's the even the healthiest.  We left just with the shot for him throwing up and actually had a better experience with Green Valley Animal Hospital months later. The technician though was a very nice.
