5 Where do you go to have your clothes professionally altered, hemmed or more?  Drive to Henderson and Experience Pro Tailor.  Why - I needed the clothes for my kids to be hemmed, and had no idea where to go. I stumbled upon Pro Tailor as their store is in a small strip mall on Seven Hills and St. Rose. Friendly, Comfortable, Clean and Privacy. That is why.  What - They will alter anything and everything. Like your jeans with the "original hem"  they can do that for you, so it does not look hemmed.  Turnaround - Usually a few days, but hey, it is worth it.  Treat you like.... Family. I went there three times in two months and they make you feel welcome.  Got something that needs a fixin..... go to Pro Tailor!  Gotta love it!!!
5 I brought a bridesmaid dress here to have it altered. The shoulders need to be taken in and the zipper removed to make the back fit better.   I brought it in on a Friday morning. No appointment was needed. I was helped promptly and the necessary measurements taken for my alterations. They made sure I was happy with how the dress was going to look and took great care in listening to exactly what I wanted.   It's a pay ahead service and it cost $55.00 to have the dress altered and pressed. I wasn't on a strict time schedule so I told them that I could pick it up whenever was best and she said it would be ready in one week, any time during the day.   I picked up the dress and tried it on. It fit beautifully! The steam and press job was done very well and my dress was hung up nicely with a plastic bag cover.   I was so pleased with the service and price here. The quality of work is impeccable. You can't even tell the dress has been altered.   I will definitely use them again.
5 My brothers suite was altered perfectly. What a skilled tailor. The jacket and pants we left here were ready in 3 days and they are perfect. The prices are fair and excellent service. We tried another tailor that really screwed up. Hard to find such professionals in Las Vegas.
5 Ive returned to get my own suit taken in. OMG, excellent. My suite looks made for me
2 First, went in to get two pairs of trousers hemmed.  Woman kept laughing after every sentance.  I KNOW I'm funny looking, but at least have the decency to laugh behind my back.  Then, when I went to pick up my items, there was a LARGE ATTACK DOG IN THE BUSINESS.  Why should I be subjected to a pit bull to pick up my clothing.  It was hardly worth $25 or more!  Will NOT return.
5 i called the shop at 4pm last week 1 hour before they were closing and asked if they could tailor my pants and the lady told me to come right over not only did they do a great job but they stayed open pass close time to finish for me because i needed my pants back for work that night!
5 Had jeans cut off and made into shorts. They were a little cheaper than others in the area. The hemming looked factory done, and the work was done in very reasonable time. They were very appreciative of my business. I don't write reviews; this my first.
