1 I like Popeye's normally, but we were eating lunch there about 6 months ago and there was a employee sweeping the floors... then the tables.  Yeah Sweeping the tables.. with the same broom.  First he was doing it backwards. He should of swept the table then the floor... so he wouldn't need to resweep the floor.  Second WHY ARE YOU SWEEPING THE TABLES WITH THE FLOOR BROOM!!!  We have not been back.
5 Friendly staff, they got the order right & even cleaned my table with a smile. Order two chicken mild raps with fries and a drink. The spices are also tasty on the fries. I would come back again and this had been my only ever positive experience at a Popeye's.
1 STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCATION, Franchise needs BETTER MANAGEMENT AT THIS LOCATION.    I love the Popeye's franchise and it's sad to have one so close to my house only to have inconsistent service and food quality.  Every time I tell myself I will never go back...I do and to my dismay...angered and upset.  Best advice being a FORMER avid fan...Stay Away. Drive to another location. Sad for the franchise.
3 I really don't do fast food that much but this is one of them that I do hit every so often. I've only ever had their fried chicken, biscuits and mashed potatoes with sausage gravy (which I love!) Not the greatest fried chicken but it's decent, pieces can be small which is a bummer but it's usually not dry or greasy. Staff is always friendly and I don't think I've ever gotten the wrong order which is usually a big problem at fast food restaurants.
3 I like popeye's but they can be a kind of hit and miss sometimes. This place can get pretty busy so go during non peak hours.
1 Stay away! They serve undercooked chicken!! One bite into their chicken "tenders" and was RAW inside. Tried to call to let management know, but no one ever picked up the phone.
1 Worst fast food I've ever had. The first time I came here, I ordered a combo. The only thing I could eat was the biscuit. My four year old, too. So, today I came back for a biscuit and the drive thru guy asks me if I want my change! Since when is that optional? Then I needed a knife to spread the butter, but he wouldn't come back to the window so I could ask for one. Never returning.
1 I placed an order with Erik and this server had the hardest time taking a simple order, the whole group suffers with a lack of brains!   You want to get annoyed go to this Popeyes and eat.   The owner should go on mystery dinners.   They could double their money if the place get rid of the current staff  and hired some leadership!
