4 As soon as I stepped into this MAC store there was a girl ready to help me. I told her what I needed, she grabbed it for me, took me to the register and I was done in 1 minute. I like fast and friendly service. MAC's can get crazy busy so helpful employees are always a plus.
5 It finally happened.  I found the holy grail.  The very first MAC store/counter that treated me so well that it made me want to rush to Yelp and tell all of you about it!  Perhaps I had to leave the state of California to find a friendly MAC face?  I don't know....but my experience at MAC today was great!  Trinity approached me to offer some assistance.  I usually respond to MAC artists with caution.  I am prepared with the fewest amount of words possible to minimize conversation and then run out as fast as I can.  But Trinity disarmed me.  She had a warm smile and an approachable demeanor.  Bonus points for not looking like an alien or Marilyn Manson (as some pro artists do).  She had to deliver the bad news about a lipstick I wanted that they didn't have, but consoled me with many other fun suggestions, which I quickly snatched up.  Then I asked if I bought lashes, if she'd apply them, which she agreed to without hesitation.  The store was busy and she never missed a beat between helping me and many other customers -- and did so with kindness and professionalism.  When she started applying my lashes she asked what I would be wearing later and went on to give me a beautiful mini eye makeover that was glamorous without making me look like a drag queen, which for me is a fine line.  I ended up spending WAY more than I intended to spend on the lipstick I wanted and didn't find, but that's what happens when you fall into the hands of a good sales person that knows how to serve her customer.
5 I was suppose to leave this review months ago... I was in Vegas for Super Bowl weekend 2/14 and wanted to get my fix of some Viva Glam Rihanna. We went into Caesar's forum shops and found this wonderful MAC store! Me and my girl Mo walked in and they were busy. We started looking at the lip-glosses and a male make up artist walked up to us and started chatting. He was super nice and helpful. Even though we were "shopping while drinking" he was so pleasant! LOL! He helped me and my home girl! Come to find out he was a manager or leader of some sort... I can't remember. Anyway, his name was Freddy, I do remember that! Thanks again Freddy, you're AWESOME!!!
5 Thank you to Rorie Brock of MAC PRO - Forum at Caesars who helped me a lot choose the right makeup for me. She is so helpful ( I was on a wheelchair) and patient! The store number is 702 369 8770.
1 Being African American makes it hard to find a good match for my brown skin tone and someone who knows how to do a good job. I figured I could get that in a MAC store...I was wrong! I don't usually wear makeup but I was walking around the shops and I thought to myself let me go buy some good quality makeup instead of the drug store brands. Lets just say I am glad I did not purchase anything here.I walked in and this artist asked if I needed help and I said yes. I have acne marks that needed to be covered and he went to work. I told him please do not leave me looking pasty and fake, or like a ghost. (you know you see those women when their face is like 10 shades lighter then the rest of their body, or their eyebrows so thick they look like paint).  While he was doing my makeup this woman was just standing in the store staring at me getting my makeup done. It was so weird. I wanted to say "do you like what you see?" LOL!  He finished and handed me the mirror. I said that I thought it was too light on me. He insisted that it looked great. I said I can see it is lighter than my neck. He insisted that I need to match my chest. I know i'm no makeup expert but I do not walk around with my chest exposed, but my neck, yes! I remembered all the products and colors he used in case I was just being paranoid and wanted to come back and buy them at a later time. I knew the camera wouldn't lie so when I left the store and I went in my car I took a picture...and I look so bad. Ghost wasn't even the word! it was horrible! Maybe it was a fluke and it was just a bad artist I had. I do not plan on returning anytime soon.
