1 Compared to the store in Fashion Show mall this location severely lacks in both service and selection. If I am going to spend $100+ on jeans I would like someone to show some interest in me as a customer. For instance, at the Fashion Show mall location, on every visit I have been impressed with the customer service. The employees took the time to figure out my taste, size, and what I was looking for and BOMBARDED me with great selections of things to try on..that actually flattered my figure. On more occasions than I'd like to admit I have walked out spending $300+ when intending on buying just a pair of jeans or nothing at all, because of the service. At this store, it looked like bunch of idiot high schoolers congregating all in one spot chit chatting while ignoring the customers.
5 Not sure why all the bad reviews. I have had the opposite experience as the people at fashion show treat me as a tourist and the people here are quite attentive and patient. I have brought many people here and they have been just as attentive.  They give free alterations with jeans as I am short and always need it. They help you pick the right size as each brand fits differently and some stretch. These are high quality jeans that last! Yes they are expensive so you can't go there all the time but you get what you pay for, quality over quantity.  They can order what they don't have and are super efficient on calling when it comes in. They also are willing to order online and ship if not have in store. I love this store and we all recommend it. The people there know how to handle our sarcasm too!!
1 We were waking around the Galleria trying to find the bf his shoes. He spotted the shoes he liked on their display tower outside of the store. We walked in to find a salesperson to get his size. This high school looking kid who liked high as a kite walks up and asked us if we needed help. The bf said that he needed a 10.5 for a shoe on display outside. The kid walks in the back and comes out and says "no that's the last size that's on display" and walks off. He didn't offer to call the Fashion Show location nor did he offer to order it for us. I work retail so that's just a sign of PURE laziness. You must not want to meet your sales goal for the day there buddy!   P.S. Note to management, you need to retrain your staff on what selling means.
5 I walked into Buckle with the intention of browsing.  In the back of my mind I was dreaming of a new pair of jeans that would change my life! Lol!  Harley instantly greeted me and helped me find that pair.  I had so much fun and it was because of her that I had a kick ass experience. To top it off...with only a couple hours notice, she can set aside all the items that I'd love, so that it's quick and easy for "moi!" Thank you Harley!
