5 I'm very pleased at my results after having gone to Dr. Banchik's office.  You can tell that Dr. Banchik and her staff takes the time to make sure her procedures are done correctly and as painlessly as possible. I cannot recommend her enough.
5 Dr. Olya Banchik is an amazing dentist and I highly recommend her to everyone!  I have had a serious fear of dentists for as long as I remember and every time I go for my semi annual check-up it seems to be worse than the last time . However, this time was completely different. Dr. Banchik is very talented, she filled 4 cavities for me quickly and I didn't feel anything, I barely felt the numbing shot and my teeth felt absolutely fine after!  Dr. Banchik was very professional and friendly and took the time to explain the procedures to me and constantly made sure I was doing well. Her staff was also very nice and made my experience there as good as it gets.
5 Dr Banchik is really great!  I'm getting my teeth straightened by her and I'm so happy with the results so far! As so many people, I have a hard time at the dentist, I get anxiety and Dr Banchik and her staff are always attentive and make sure I'm ok.  I would recommend her to everybody!
5 The only reason I originally went to Dr Banchik's office was because I have no dental insurance and she had a special on Groupon. However, after my visit I plan on going back and have already made an appt for my fiance. The office staff was extremely friendly. The office is gorgeous and has all of the state of the art equipment. I would highly recommend anyone looking for a dentist to try out this office.
5 The years my family and I spent looking for a dentist in Las Vegas were worth the wait! We love Dr. Banchik and her staff. So much personal attention and care is given to you while there, and that is always followed by a "just checking in" phone call to see how you're feeling. The work my family and I have had done with Dr. Banchik has always been exceptional. She really has an amazing touch. The professionalism in their office is matched only by their friendliness. Can't say enough good things about this practice. Give them a try, you won't be disappointed!
5 I started seeing Dr. Banchik over one year ago.  She came highly recommended by a friend.  My prior experience with dental profession is that they always place their financial interest ahead of patient care. From the first visit, Dr. Banchik took a sincere interest in me as a patient.  She was very professional, honest and caring.  I was so impressed with her skills, knowledge and her caring personality  that I now travel from San Francisco to Vegas for my dental care..  Dr. Banchik is the best & Las Vegas is lucky to have her!
5 Let me start off just by saying these dentists are AMAZING!   I absolutely hate going to the dentist (im a big chicken).  I have not been in five years and went to Hillcrest Dental just last week.  I have always been super nervous about going to the dentist...just hearing the word dentist would make anxious.  That was until I came to this office. The day I called, they were able to fit me in that afternoon.  Ive been here four times already and each visit was a great experience.  They are great about fitting you in depending on your schedule.   I originally found Dr. Olya Banchik on yelp and this is her new office which she took over from Dr. Dyke just last month.  I saw Dr. Olya on my first visit and she was so nice and welcoming.  The second time I went, her husband, Dr. Leon Banchik was the doctor who took care of my fillings.  He is so kind, gentle, easy going, and truly cares about his patients.  He ensures his patients are always comfortable while being worked on.    Because it had been so long that Ive been to the dentist and didnt take that great of care for my teeth, I had many cavities to fill.  I actually maxed out my insurance for the year and Dr. Leon Banchik was so generous to not charge me for a couple of fillings my insurance wasnt going to cover.  My bill went from $539 to $180!  Dr. Leon is one of those doctors who wants to help his patients, not gauge them.  I am so glad I have found a dentist that I trust and enjoy visiting (I did not ever think I would ever say the word enjoy and dentist in the same sentence!)  I would recommend both Dr. Olya or Dr. Leon as they are both professional, do good work, are trustworthy, and patient.    Thank you hillcrest dental for taking such great care of me!  You ROCK Dr. Leon!
5 Let me start off just by saying these dentists are AMAZING!   I absolutely hate going to the dentist (im a big chicken).  I have not been in five years and went to Hillcrest Dental just last week.  I have always been super nervous about going to the dentist...just hearing the word dentist would make anxious.  That was until I came to this office. The day I called, they were able to fit me in that afternoon.  Ive been here four times already and each visit was a great experience.  They are great about fitting you in depending on your schedule.   I originally found Dr. Olya Banchik on yelp (she sounded great) and this is her new office which she took over from Dr. Dyke just a few months ago.  I saw Dr. Olya on my first visit and she was so nice and welcoming.  The second time I went, her husband, Dr. Leon Banchik was the doctor who took care of my fillings.  He is so kind, gentle, easy going, and truly cares about his patients.  He ensures his patients are always comfortable while being worked on.    Because it had been so long that Ive been to the dentist and didnt take that great of care for my teeth, I had many cavities to fill.  I actually maxed out my insurance for the year and Dr. Leon Banchik was so generous to not charge me for a couple of fillings my insurance wasnt going to cover.  My bill went from $539 to $180!  Dr. Leon is one of those doctors who wants to help his patients, not gauge them.  I am so glad I have found a dentist that I trust and enjoy visiting (I did not ever think I would ever say the word enjoy and dentist in the same sentence!)  I would recommend both Dr. Olya or Dr. Leon as they are both professional, do good work, are trustworthy, and patient.    Thank you hillcrest dental for taking such great care of me!  You ROCK Dr. Leon!
5 What an amazing place! Dr. Kat made my very scared and uneasy  6 year old  feel  comfortable, and he had such a positive experience. From the moment we walked in the door, I felt at ease. Everything from the courteous staff to the dentist and hygienist and the super fun toy box  exceeded my expectations. Everyone seemed to truly care about my child and take care of him as if he was their own. Now he can't wait for his next visit to the dentist! Thank you Hillcrest Children't Dentistry!
5 Can I give 10 stars please?   I have the worst fear of dentists. We are talking I have anxiety during the x-rays. I had to have an emergency procedure done and do not have a dentist in Las Vegas yet. (Well I do now!) First of all I walked in at 8am when they opened showed them what happened and I was filling out paperwork and in a room by 9am.    Dr. Leon and his assistant made me so calm and comfortable and the procedure mostly painless.....and it was NOT an easy situation. Broken front teeth and teeth that shifted so bad I couldn't close my bite. I wanted to hug them both when I left. He let me stop when I needed even to take a restroom break, get some water or to just get up and walk around. I was determined to need to be sedated but after he did the local anesthetics and continued enough with them I was through a root canal before I knew it. It is on the edge of town but totally worth the drive.   Also they are very accommodating with the fees that insurance will not cover. Their financial staff will work with you to their maximum ability. These people care about their patients well being above all and it is completely evident. I unfortunately can not remember his assistants name today...but she was totally amazing and I was blessed with the best team in the world today. I will be back here forever and when we have kids this is where they will go. Thank you again Dr. Leon!
5 10 STAR SERVICE!  There are no words for how amazing the service is at Hillcrest Dental.  We moved back to California and with the convenient office hours - there was NO way we were giving Dr. Banchik up to find another dentist.  Yes, we go to vegas for dental work.    I have an irrational fear of dentists.  My tract record is long and windy.  I've been fired as a patient and may or may not have been known to cry hysterically while hyperventilating.  Thankfully, none of this was even an issue with Dr. Banchik.  The team is amazing and very friendly which made me feel a little less apprehensive from the start.  Once I sat in the chair, my nerves did jingle/jangle but Dr. Banchik is very caring, gentle, and took the best care of me.   I also have a very tender and out of sorts jaw which can dislocate easily.  Dr. Banchik is so proactive in not only taking care of my teeth so they look their best but researching the best treatments and options to help me relieve my jaw pain.     Wonderful.  And I can't wait to go back!
5 By far the best dentist I have ever been to. I like most people get really nervous at the dentist. Dr. Banchik always makes sure you are comfortable and ok. If all dentist were as great as him I would have gone to one years ago. The entire staff is wonderful.
5 Now I'm impressed! I just got done talking with the Dr. Banchik about Ashanti-Marie's dental treatment plan & she was very straight-forward & honest....since I've been living in Vegas for a hot minute...I've never found a dentist that I've taken my 6 yr old to that was very detailed, efficient, forthcoming & honest. I'm so happy I made the choice to leave her former dentist to come here. Also Dr. Banchik is a mom of 3 & she totally gets me & where I'm coming from when it comes to A-Marie's dental care! Mahalo & Fa'afetai tele Lava for all that you do Dr. Banchik & staff! I'll definitely will be coming back :) P.S. So for all my "peeps" who live in da 702...if you need to find a great & awesome dentist....whether it be for your child or for yourself....Dr. Banchik's office is da place to be! Btw...if you work @ da same place as me...they take our insurance & they take HMO insurances too like Nevada Dental Benefits!
