5 Highly Recommended.   I spent the day trying to sale my Ex-Husbands Breitling, My Rolex and a couple of rings my ex bought me. One shop offered me only gold prices for my rings and told me my watches were fake but still tried to buy them, I think they thought they could take advantage of me. A pawn shop offered me a $1000 which I thought was low. My final stop was Lv Jewelry Exchange. I went inside after waiting a little longer than expected I was helped. After the two men looked at my watches and rings They told me everything was real and offered me $3500. I was shocked that they paid me that much and in cash. All I got to say is it was worth the wait. They had great customer service and I received the most of any place I went to. After my day long experience I found it refreshing that they were so nice and offered me the most money, That is a rare thing in Las Vegas.
5 I had a few old pieces that I no longer wear, and I brought them in to the shop and they gave me a great price for my jewelry.  I thought they were really fair after being several places.  Now I can buy something that I will wear.
5 Came back again, when I found some extra jewelry in an old jewelry box. Same treatment, nice to see it was the same great place. Highly Recommended
5 Stopped in the shop on a recent trip to Vegas and am very pleased that I did. I came to Town with a few pieces of jewelry from years back that have been collecting dust w the intention of pawning them and buying a watch. Id been in several shops in LA and 2 in vegas and was just shopping around for the best deal. The man working at the shop was incredibly knowledgable about gold, diamonds and all jewelry in general. Very impressive. I felt like I was treated w a very high level of respect and fairness.  Very satisfied with this business. If you're looking for a fair deal from a man who knows his stuff, try it out. U won't be disappointed.
5 Shopped some jewelry around that I was looking to sell. I found lv jewelry exchange and decided to make a stop. Decided to sell my jewelry they were honest and fair. If you are looking for somewhere in Vegas to sell your jewelry you should check them out.
5 Stopped in to this shop earlier this week because I saw the huge *we buy gold* sign on the street.  Took in one of my old Rolex watches to sell.  I was really impressed with the guys knowledge behind the counter to.  He told me a out my watch in great detail and offered me a price.    Always doing my due dillegence I left and went and got 2 other quotes then ended up back at lv jewelery exchange because he offered me by far the most money.  I must add that he was by far the most personable of the 3 shops  Congrats as you have earned my business when I am in Vegas. I will most definitely be back
5 I came here because I wanted to get rid of an old tag watch that I never wear anymore, and maybe find something new. They were extremely professional and know more about watches than anyone I think I've ever met. I had been to one other place before who wanted to give me peanuts for my watch, but these guys came up with a really fair offer. Not only that, they had a lot of really great pieces they offered to sell me.  I would highly recommend LV Jewelry Exchange for anyone who wants to buy or sell used jewelry!
5 This place is really great. The staff is efficient and professional. I was so happy I got a great price on my jewelry.
5 Aaran at LV Jewelry Exchange is a great help and a wealth of information on your gold. He is fair and honest which is rare in Las Vegas. I will definitely refer business his way. Thank you
5 Stopped in to get my Mazda watch appraised and although Aaran couldn't give me a price, since it was exclusive to Mazda, I still enjoyed my time there. He is very fair and honest when it comes to giving appraisals and he is also very knowledgeable and funny if you happen to strike up a casual conversation with the guy.   If I find more stuff to hopefully sell, I would definitely go to him first.
5 I was here once before with a bag of old things that the man working helped me with. This was my second time coming back. And I got the same high level of customer service and treatment. The store is clean, friendly, and the staff is honest and straight to the point. Which is exactly what is needed. Today I brought a deceased family members Diamond in for evaluation. They were more than helpful he pulled out a microscope and explained everything to me and made it easy to relay the information to the rest of my family. I had brought the diamond to another shop that my brother recommended earlier but after coming back here my brother and me both really noticed the difference. The amount of time he spent explaining to me the details made all the difference. I am just happy to find a place with some blunt honesty and expertise. The two guys that work at this shop are straight to the point but very helpful at the same time. I would definitely come back if ever I need to sell some more things. I give this shop 5 stars because they really did make a difficult experience easier. Thank you lv jewelry exchange.
5 The owner was very professional and had so much knowledge on the watches and jewelry pieces I brought in.
5 This was the 2nd place we went to try and sell old gold pieces we no longer wear. What a difference in knowledge and costumer service we received going here. The Owner was so friendly and even took time teaching us what to look for in diamonds, resale value, etc. the amount he have us for our jewelry was very fair and roughly 30% -50% more then other places offered. Highly recommend this place!!!
