1 I have been to physical therapy before in another state, so I knew what to expect heading into therapy. Unfortunately, Tim Soder isn't doing himself any favors with the way he's chosen to run his business. He over-packs the facility and under-staffs his employees. Granted, the employees are very nice. But, that's not why I was going to therapy. I wanted someone to take my back problems seriously and work hard with me to correct them. I am young, and I was willing to put in the effort, but no one really seemed to have the desire to spend any time working with me. While I understand that no one is going to be at my side every moment that I am in therapy, I expect more than ten minutes (literally) of time with a therapist if I am going to be in the facility for an hour and a half. For the vast majority of my 7 visits to this facility I was left to my own devices, doing simple things that I could be doing and home (calf raises, riding a bike, etc.). The stretches that I was asked to do (not by the therapists, mind you, but by other employees) were not explained to me, so I did not know how I should be correctly stretching to avoid injuring myself further (my massage therapist had to actually explain their stretches to me when I went to see her - I was doing most of them wrong).   Between stretches and workouts I had to proactively go find a staff member and ask what to do next, because they were typically busy talking or otherwise entertaining themselves. I also think anyone working with you on a serious injury should have professional therapy training. Tim Soder has employees with no formal training assisting the therapists (IE, spend most of the time with the therapy patients). Because I had concerns with this therapy, I have consulted a number of therapists who have confirmed that this is not how a therapy business should be run, and professionals in this business generally frown on hiring employees without therapy degrees to work with their patients.   In summary, most of the staff members I encountered were very nice (I have no idea if Tim is nice or not, because while I saw him every day, he never once introduced himself), but I would not recommend this place if you're looking for a great professional environment to help you get  back on your feet quickly from an injury.  UPDATE: Regarding the owner's comments below, I have one edit to my above review: I will rescind my comment about Tim Soder himself, as Calvin has noted that he was not at my location and I'll have to take his word for that. So, I am not sure who the only suited gentleman was at the Henderson office (Calvin, perhaps), but I did not meet him, either.
4 I've been to several different physical therapy factories on town and thus one is not much different. Ido like the therapists and the facility is clean and well managed.  If there was one thing I could say that would give a fifth star, it would be to accept less clients. I don't know if its a scheduling deal or just too many people but a little more one on one time would separate this therapy factory from all the others.
5 I have rehabbed many injuries with Tim and his staff and they are incredible! Cant say enough about how much they care and tend to all your needs.  I have been to both locations and both are top notch!  Ultimately the patient determines the pace of recovery by how hard they want to work at the clinic and at home.  The entire staff will be there to push you and get you back to normal in no time!  5 Stars!
