4 This martial arts school is different than most, as it claims to be a school for life.  The curriculum and instructors strive to instill discipline, respect, and perseverance into their students, young and not-so-young, during class through drills, forms, and sparring.  These qualities will then spill over into 'real life', resulting in positive minded people (makes sense, I guess!).  The instructors have weekly training sessions themselves, which keep their skills fresh -- I like that.  I am learning from people who are still open to learning.  :)  I started my tae kwon do classes a couple of weeks ago and am enjoying myself, as I push my body towards a black belt (ha).  Everyone is positive and supportive and there is much cooperation between higher ranked belts and white belts.  Classes are mainly held in the later afternoons and evenings, with make-up sessions and/or extra classes on Saturdays.  My quibbles: I am STILL waiting for my gear bag, which contains my protective gear and practice weapons (nunchucks, etc).  I paid for them over two weeks ago!  The belt tests are every two months and are $50 (early registration) or $60 (last-minute registration).....the actual belts are about $5 each.  Yes, I know that the belt test fee is mainly for registration with HQ, but I think that's pretty steep, considering what you pay per month for lessons (about $120/month if you buy a whole year).  I also think it's a bit annoying to have a website without basic info like fees and class schedules.  In order to find out any sort of useful info, you have to contact the school to talk to someone and/or have a one-on-one lesson (which I did).    That said, there is good support for all and the admin people are flexible when it comes to adjusting your specific contract (for instance, I'll be away much of the summer for gigs and will miss a lot of classes).  At the very least, I have a practical way of mitigating all the yelp calories I consume!
5 My son has been with Victory Martial Arts for 5 years and was one of the original students at this location when it opened. He's a second degree black belt now and really enjoys the instructors and other students. Mr. O'Hara is an outstanding instructor who has high expectations for his students (especially the teens and adults). Beyond martial arts training, I like the values that are being instilled here: work hard, believe in yourself, and respect yourself and others. We love being part of the Victory Novat family.
1 this studio is all about how much money they can get out of you and not about the child. I enrolled my daughter here and after 6 months it was more or less like taking her to a children's jazzersize class that a martial arts practice.
