2 Not a huge fan.  I got the roast beef panini and could have whipped up a better one myself.  Literally toasted bread, mustard, roast beef and cheese.  Two stars for a great locations.  People watching in Vegas is incredibly entertaining.  If you travel all the way to Vegas for vacation, save your tummy space for something yummier and more local.
3 Hey, you've reached the Forums top level!  Congratulations!   Now, you got the option to spend an exorbitant amount of fundage to satisfy your hunger pangs at the fancy restaurants up here OR you can drop 20 bucks at Espresso to snack it up (with Italian sodas, sammiches, desserts and overpriced coffee) because you forgot your rice krispies treats and water bottle in your hotel room.   You can either hang out inside the establishment (and stare at the Strip outside the window) or take it outside to the mall floor and floss your big name shopping bags while you sip on your $10 espresso with your sunglasses on.   Great for people watching, looking important or giving the kiddies a break from walking over miles of marble floor throughout the Forum.   There's a nice open marble floor space next to the outdoor tables, perfect for the kids to run around or for break dancing.   Ah Espresso....I like your style.
4 Used to work at Peter Lik WAY up there on the 3rd floor. "There's a 3rd floor in the Forum Shops?" And thus place makes an amazing pumpkin sliced mocha (in season) and some bomb Mochas any time )
4 Best Iced Americano I've had this entire time I was in Vegas! I had the same drink over at Payards, and it wasn't nearly as good as it was from Espresso. They have quite an extensive menu of drinks, so be prepared to look at the drink menu for a little bit.   Drinks are a bit pricy at $4.95 for a large Americano, but the drink was great. Staff here is ok; not the best, but not bad.
4 Pricey but cheaper than following my wife around the mall where she might spend $1,000 bucks. $10 for coffee and a tea is better and it's fairly quiet here compared to the mall where there's music everywhere!
