3 It si exactly what you would expect for a strip mall Chinese place, except for one thing, the people there are really nice and willing to talk to you about the food or anything really. For example, I noticed that there was a distinct "smoky" flavor to their fried rice. So I was thinking maybe it was the pork they were using, but after talking a while figured out that it was the oil they had. That combined with the 700 degree woks impart a very pleasant smoky aroma and taste to the fried rice.  You can dine in (simple seating for about 16 people) or take out or have delivered. The dining room was clean and the restrooms were spotless as well.  The prices were good, my wife and I got away for under $15.00 for the lunch special (which include egg-drop soup if you dine in) but the dinner prices were not much more. To me any time the wife and I can get away for under $20.00 for a meal we feel lucky. Heck, two people at McDonald's can easily pay more than $15.00 for a meal.  If you are in the neighborhood and want lunch, give it a try.
5 First of all, China Wok is located in the Food 4 Less parking lot on Craig and Simmons.  Secondly-- Holy crap! How is this place NOT getting at least four stars? I'm always skeptical about Chinese food so if I'm impressed, I think that means something.   I called in my order on a Saturday and the woman on the phone was super friendly. She said the food would be ready in ten minutes but it was actually more like 20 minutes, which was relieving because 10 minutes would have been suspicious. We got three lunch specials (shrimp in garlic sauce, shrimp and broccoli and Mongolian chicken), one order of egg rolls and one order of crab rangoons. The lunch specials each came with a side of rice (fried or steamed). All the food tasted fresh, the shrimp were gigantic (about 5 or 6 pieces per order), and the order of crag rangoons was generous for the price (about 10 large pieces.)   They advertise that they're "New York Style" and I'm not sure what this means because it seemed to be the same "style" as any other take-out Chinese food restaurant in the Las Vegas area. But in China Wok's favor-- the menu is huge, the food is fresh and flavorful, and portions for the lunch specials are generous for $5.95.   In the three dishes we got, the meat to vegetables ratio was probably 2 to 5, which is great for someone interested in healthier fare but possibly disappointing for someone who's expecting a lot of meat. Anyway, the variety of vegetables was good and the meat is good quality.  The inside of the restaurant is kind of run-down looking but when you look closely, it's very clean and well-kept. I guess the age of the building and the style of the furniture just don't really help it out at all.  The cashier asked me if I'd like some soup while I waited and I declined, but it's a gesture worth noting.   Overall, I'm actually looking forward to going back and trying more things on the menu. Fresh, healthier food for $5.95 a plate? Hell yeah. That's cheaper than a meal at a lot of fast food restaurants.
5 best chinese food  in las vegas.  they wll cook it the way you want it.  you can see them cooking.  super clean and very nice service.
1 Just Horrible! Will not eat here again and they have the NERVE!!! To say its NEW YORK style , DEAD WRONG!! There is not One Chinese Restaurant in NYC would taste this bad!
1 OK I ate here and the next day my Head was killing me. I'm not sure if it was the geese, the sodium or the combination of both but I will not be returning.
5 China Wok is my favorite go-to for fast Chinese food. They have the hands down best chicken egg foo young in Vegas, the seafood dishes taste fresh and delicious, and even offer off the menu items when you can't decide on a dish. Cheap, fast and welcoming. Cannot recommend enough.
1 I ordered food from here one time and that was to many. My teriyaki chicken looked as if it was another animal..egg rolls were covered in sweet and sour sauce from being delivered and when I called to complain about the disgusting food and the way it arrived they did nothing to make it right and the 9 year old girl working in there was even more ridiculous. I will never go there again .
3 We went for dine-in and wasn't really what we expected.  Food was served in to go boxes but ended up being pretty good.  We will be going back, just not for dine-in.
3 China Wok is your typical Chinese take-out spot; even when you dine in, everything is served in to-go containers.  Seems like most things are cooked fresh here since food is served piping hot!  Always a plus, especially compared to Panda Express.  The food here is decent, and the lunch specials are a good reason to stop by if you're in the area: $5.95 from 11:00am to 4:00pm, with many options to choose from.  It's nothing spectacular, but it is definitely A-OK for a quick lunch.
1 New York Style Chinese food!  Now most people don't really know what this means.  everything I searched on the internet is wrong.  So a REAL NEW YORKER who actually speaks to the Asian owners and cooks. Its not the "American or Western" style its the Province from where That particular Family came from. On the west coast  you get Cantonese Chinese Cooking. ( I found San Francsico) But in NEW YORK we have mainly  Saskatchewan Style cooking which is vastly different in taste. Now When we say EGG roll that are large not Small Spring roll the size of your pinky. We mean large size roll.  Now when your in China Town in NYC (Lafayette st, Canal St, Centre St.) that is more Authentic They Serve you family style with Large round table, its usually a 3-5 course dinner. (the service is excellent and the food is not greasy. ) Im sure there is some added flavors that Us American like on certain dishes but for the most part it way better that the Corner spots. Every New Yorker i met all say the same thing.. Why does the chinese taste horrible here. I thought it was me, I Even asked a few Chinese friends i have here and they suggested heading to China town area on Sprint Mtn ave. So i Go There and its the same. Now the Only Place i found where its New York Style food is China-A- Go-Go.  Now  FYI  Know your noodles, they do not make "Lo-Mein" Noodles that we are used to on the east coast.
5 This is our fav place!! We order at least 2-3 times a month!!!! Always our go-to when I don't feel like cooking!!
3 It was a nice experience eating in this place.  The employee was nice but the place wasn't my favorite. . The food tast good.."you get what you paid for" :)
5 i love there food they have the best orange chickin ever and the lady is allways supper nice
