4 Absolutely phenomenal for wedding make up and hair!   Megan and Deb are truly great people - extremely professional, personable, nice, fun, and organized!   They arrived super early, which I really appreciated. I really didn't know what to do with my hair and make up. I told Megan my normal make up style. She took that direction and just enhanced it. Everyone kept commenting on how great my make up was. The airbrush covered all my acne scarring as well as the sunburn I had on my shoulders from the day before. I also love how the false lashes were included in the package that they offered... she put them on but they still looked natural! I was flawless for the first time in my life!   Deb did a really nice job on my hair. She was creative and quick and achieved the exact look I wanted without even seeing an inspiration photo! The whole look lasted throughout the day (except for my bangs blowing the in the wind - brides to be, if it might be windy out, have your bangs pinned!).  I can't thank these two enough for being a part of my big day. Super fun to work with also... can't go wrong, they are worth every penny!
5 Wedding planning can be stressful, to say the least. These ladies make looking beautiful something you don't even have to worry about. The entire process was super-easy and stress free.  Megan did an amazing job of communicating during the planning stage. Having Deb and Celina come to my hotel room was so convenient. I didn't have time to do a trial run, but Deb and Celina absolutely nailed the look I was going for. They showed up right on time, got set up quickly and got to work. They were both so friendly and nice, totally putting me at ease as they worked. The results were stunning. I was absolutely thrilled with both the hair and makeup. They both held up 12 hours through hours of walking the strip, a desert photoshoot (in July), dinner, dancing, drinking, you name it.  Seriously- if planning a Vegas wedding, go with MU in the 702. You wont be disappointed! The convenience factor alone was worth it for me, but the perfect results really sealed the deal.
5 Kiera and Deb did both my trial run and the makeup and hair for the big day.  They were so incredibly sweet to me and made the whole experience so much fun!  Kiera obviously shares my love for cute things, since we have the same set of Tokidoki brushes.  :)  Both ladies were nothing but complimentary and really got the look that I was going for.  I looked amazing both on my wedding day, and also on my last night as a single girl.  And that makeup and hair didn't move all night!  Too bad they're not in Colorado for all my special events.  I would definitely recommend this experience to anyone who wants one less thing to worry about on their wedding day or special event!
5 I used Makeup in the 702 at my wedding in Vegas this September and I have to say they were magnificent. As an event planner by profession, I knew that planning a wedding away from home would be a challenge all in its own. Thankfully I felt totally at ease with Megan and her crew. The email responsiveness was phenomenal. When we arrived a few days before the wedding we had a tanning appointment set up for me and one other person, that number quickly doubled last minute and they had NO issues with us making additions and changes that day. The hair and makeup on myself, the bridesmaids and the moms were all flawless. I felt totally at ease during the entire process, not rushed or stressed. Everything went perfect, the girls all looked fantastic the entire evening. I had some concerns because I have rosacea on my cheeks but after Megan was done, my skin looked hydrated and flawless!! I was shocked.
5 I can not say enough wonderful things about Megan and her team! I used them for hair, makeup, and spray tan for both my engagement and wedding photo's, and was impressed every time! I have already reviewed them for my engagement photo's, which were amazing, but I want to focus specifically on my wedding day for this review.     To start I had a spray tan done by Shekiera the night before my wedding. She came to my parents house at 8pm, (where I was staying) set up a portable tanning "booth," and performed the tan in the spare room. No mess, no remnants of spray, no stains. The tan was perfect! It lasted about nine days, but faded very evenly, no funky spots like other spray tans I have had. It is nice to have it at home, no stress, plus I didn't have to worry about driving home, braless, with certain clothes, or not wanting to wash your hands or face when you return home.... you can just hop in pj's and go straight to bed. Shekiera is very professional, I did my tan completely naked and never felt uncomfortable or awkward, she explains every step and has you look at stages to make sure it is what you want and are comfortable with it. This was my second tan by Shekiera, the first looked perfect the night of but a lot washed off the next morning. I had her go a lot darker the day before the wedding and after my first shower the next day, the color was perfect! I would recommend you do at least one test tan before your wedding to get used to the steps you have to follow and see how you like it the following day after your first shower. But, no tan lines, and no hours and hours spent in tanning beds makes this an excellent pre wedding option.   I had my hair done by Deb, I chose not to do an up do, my Husband prefers my hair half up and half down so thats what I wanted to do. She never pushed a certain style and was willing to do anything I asked. This women has some magical skills. She worked on my hair as I had my make up done, I knew she was behind me because we were talking but other than that, I had no idea she was there! No rough tugging, no hairspray in my eyes or surprise curling iron burns... and all of a sudden... bam... I had this perfect hair do. She did exactly like I asked, It lasted 12 hours, never lost my curls... even after wearing silly props in the photo booth.    As for makeup, I saved the best for last. I absolutely love Megan! She knew me and my personality after just a few minutes of chatting. I am quite the jeans and T-shirt, no make up, phony tail kind of girl... and she respected that. She kept my natural look that I like, but made me look beautiful! She was sure to get my approval after stages so I didn't feel like she did to much. She was calm and soft spoken with such positive energy in a whirlwind of stress and chaos. We had 15 people in my Mom's house when they arrived and I was pretty overwhelmed. Megan took me over, smiled and calmly brought my stress down just with her presents. She did everything she could to make sure I was comfortable and happy with my appearance. Megan provides you with a kit of everything you need to touch up, just a quick blend with the make up pad easily fixed any small smears from my tears of joy, and a few dabs of lip stick before pictures were all I needed. The make up easily lasted throughout the night, at least 12 hours.    The ladies were always on time, and most often early. My hair and make up took about one hour total. Megan and Deb are such a great team, they both worked simultaneously with no stress on me! Megan kept complete communication with me with everything. Pre tanning instructions, pre hair and make up instructions, I was never in the dark about what to do and what to expect, and I always felt comfortable about what was going on around me. As for price, I felt like their prices were completely competitive with other air brush services in town. I would have paid double for Megan and her team if it came down to it. This is a day you will remember forever and pictures you will have to cherish, you want to know you will look good no matter what. Don't take any chances, these women are amazing! Call them and book them before someone else bets you to it!
5 AMAZING!  I was referred to Makeup in the 702 by Scenic Las Vegas weddings.  I did not have a trial run, we just went for it the day of the wedding.   Kiera and Karen were so sweet and personable, it made getting ready extra fun.  They did an amazing job, and I'm so pleased with their work - and it held up all day and all night!  Without any reservations, I highly recommend Makeup in the 702, and Kiera and Karen in particular.
1 I contacted this business 2 days ago and have not heard back. Lost a customer.
5 I had Deb & Keira do my makeup and hair for my Vegas wedding on 4/4/13 & everything was wonderful!  I believe that they made me look fabulous & from my groom's feedback, he couldn't agree more!  Both ladies were very easy to work with, wanted my feedback throughout the process & took photos of me as this was a planned elope to Vegas (no guests).  I also got a spray tan from Keira in our suite at the Bellagio the night before which I highly recommend.  All communication with Megan was wonderful and she is very detail oriented with quick responses.  Thank you Makeup in the 702 for an amazing job :)
3 I wish I didn't have this bad experience still replaying in my head since my wedding a couple of weeks ago. Besides kicking myself for not following my gut feeling of doing my own makeup (I was a bride and I wanted to be pampered) I'm still trying to figure out how it is I'm that one bride with the one negative review from so many others who have had raved reviews. I just don't get it...But on with the review...Let me start with Megan who I have to say from the moment I inquired about their services, responds to emails lightening fast and makes you feel as though you've known each other for years. The day of my wedding Celina (makeup) and Courtney (hair) show up on time, start setting up and I show them both pics of what I have in mind for my hair and makeup. Courtney did my hair better than any pic I showed her and nailed it perfectly. I LOVED my hair and it stayed in place all night. As Courtney was doing my hair, Celina was doing my makeup (I requested a sexy smokey eye) and from talking to her the day before going over what I wanted and didn't want, I had felt confident she would nail it and got what I wanted. As soon as she told me to look into the mirror, that confidence quickly turned to horror and the only words I could utter out were 'Oh sh#t' because my worst nightmare had come true. I looked like the bride of Frankenstein with heavy, black, uneven, blotchy eyeshadow from my eyelid all the way to my brows! My brows, which I pencil and shape in, were not even with eachother, drawn in thin and all blotched.  The airbrush makeup was not as great as I had read about either. I could see up close it looked all caked and dried out. I also thought it was transfer resistant? At the end of the night when I removed my dress (she airbrushed my chest, which also had caked dried blotches near my collarbone) there was all makeup on my dress (on the inside) in the bust area. Now, they showed up at 1 p.m. and the limo was picking us up at 3 pm and here it is 2:40 pm and I'm trying to undo what I could of what she did while crying and shaking! Because of this, I missed being able to do my first look photos and had to rush getting into my dress and getting to the limo who had been waiting now until 3:15! This was by far not the experience I had paid for or wanted or even expected for that matter with all the rave reviews. I did email Megan the next day with my complaint, she was understanding and she did give me what I feel was a 'partial' refund of $75.00 for the makeup. I feel what I had to go through should have been more than that (I paid $250). My advice is do a trial so you avoid going through what I did and can have great memories of getting ready and riding off to the chapel happy and not all stressed out and disappointed :(
5 I had my hair and makeup done by Tanya and Courtney for my wedding. They were on time both days (trial and wedding), did an amazing job, and were so much fun! I have vitiligo and have some spots on my face with less pigment - after Tanya finished you couldn't even see the spots! Amazing. I felt so beautiful. I showed pictures to both ladies of what I had in mind and they were able to do exactly what I wanted. It was a great experience all around!
2 Let me start by saying I normally dont wear a lot of make up...with full time school an work and family im lucky to show up dressed...so the world of make up artists was very new to me but I wanted to really look pretty on my wedding day because he is the man of my dreams and i wanted to make him proud. I contacted Megan and she was wonderful very kind and understanding...I told her I had a budget and if this cant work then ill just do my make up myself...she worked with me which i was shocked and thankful...That was the best part of the make up experience...No one had informed me that it was important to find a look id want in advance which i wouldnt have known what to have picked anyway...so when the woman arrived she sat up and said what would you like ..i said just make me beautiful...the make up was cakey the eyeshadowed aged me by 20yrs and the lashes would not stay on...really wanted to cry but due to contacting the girl about the lashes which she got frustrated with me on I was late to my own wedding..bottum line you can tell if a person loves your work even if they say oh thats fine..she was my only damper on my wedding day..when i was asked to leave a review on another web site i tried to be nice but was contacted by the company via text chewing me out for giving a 2.9..i said Sephora redid my make up correctly and that the 2.9 was me being nice now leave me alone...Not professional at all...
5 My wedding makeup was done by these ladies several years ago and still think it looked fantastic every time I look back at my photos. Worth every penny!
3 Really, for hair I would give 5 stars. Makeup 3 stars. And scheduling/logistics, 1 star. When I booked them, I thought we were gonna do the first look. But my fiance changed his mind, so we cut that out. But, when I originally booked, I needed to be ready by 2. Since we cut out the first look, I asked Megan (the owner) if we could change my booking later, since I didn't need to be ready until 4. She said no, they were fully booked. Okay, that's fine, I understand. With the schedule she gave me, my future mother in law was at 11, my mom at 12, and me at 1. Thus, I scheduled my videographer to come at 1.  On the day of, the ladies doing my hair and makeup asked why we were starting so early. I explained everything to them, and they looked surprised. Neither one of them had another booking that day, so they didn't know why Megan didn't change the time. Thanks.  Then to make matters worse, they didn't follow Megan's schedule at all. They took us out of order and actually finished everyone by 12:45, so my videographer didn't get to capture any part of my makeup or hair. That also meant we all had to sit around even longer and not get anything messed up until the ceremony at 4:30.   I loved my hair, they did a fantastic job. Makeup was okay and actually the trial run several months earlier was better. I don't usually use false eyelashes, so I don't know how long they're supposed to last, but around 8 p.m. they were coming off. At least my ceremony pictures were done by then.
3 Communication prior to wedding was really great; I knew what I wanted and expressed spec. styles, was reassured it could be done.  Me, my mom & my mother-in-law had hair & makeup done by them.    They were prompt.  Literally at 7:01 AM the doorbell rang.  I had makeup done by Celina & hair by Courtney.  I had my m/u done first.  I showed her various pictures of what I was looking for and didnt look like any of the sample pictures, nor did I like my look at all.  I didn't get a good look at myself because right after she finished, I went to the hair chair.  It was only until after that I noticed that: a) my got tons of glue on my lower lashes b) my foundation was uneven c) my blush and eyeshadow weren't blended perfectly, so there were harsh lines spectacular.   d) some of my eyeliner was sparse and moving  I did the airbrush foundation.  I didn't like it.  It looked like a lighter coverage that what I normally use and that's tinted moisturizer.  It didn't rub off on my clothes.  MIT 702 makes strong claims about how they are the "only" co. that does a lot of things, so I want to be clear on what they do provide.  They offer a touch up to go kit.  This kit consists of a sponge for face, an eyeshadow applicator and a free lipgloss.  I don't use powder regularly and she recommended I use powder to keep my face looking good for so many hours, so I had to get my cousin to make a quick trip to sephora.    Regarding the lipgloss, it wasn't a color I would have chosen, but literally she had a dozen tubes of this "universally flattering" lipgloss that she gave to me, my mom & my mother-in-law.  My mom actually refused to wear it because she felt awkward having the same color as me & used her own lipstick instead.  The lipgloss definitely wasn't 15 hr proof, it was gone after I had my first glass of champagne in the limo & nonexistent in 90% of the pictures.  As for the lashes, I used my own because the ones they had were super long & looked too fake.  Re the lasting of the makeup, I was done at 10:15AM & got home just past midnight.  My eye makeup was still on, but had caked, my blush & foundation looked a bit sloppy.  I did have a long day, sweated, etc.  My mom hated her makeup.  She said that the one time I did her makeup looked a lot better than what they did.  I didn't think my mom looked any better than when she normally does her makeup (& she is hard of seeing).  My mother-in-law looked great.  Celina seemed hesitant to use lashes on her bc her natural lashes are so blond and she has light hair, but she was excited about them, so used them anyway.  She looked good.  She didn't look over the top or anything, a very natural look, which is similar to what she normally wears.    Hair My mom has thinning hair & I had e-mailed ahead to let them know this.  She usually uses a product to add fullness and forgot it in NY.  I also emailed ahead about this.  The stylist (Courtney) emailed me back telling me to check out Sally's for the product but we didn't have enough time.  She did was she could, but unfortunately the product she had was grey and my mom had light brown hair with dark low lights.  Considering the circumstances, her hair looked good & held up throughout the day & night.  She wanted to add some brown, but the makeup artist said the only way would be to break an eyeshadow and she didn't want to do that because she didn't think it was worth it.  She also said this after going on about how she buys all types of things and writes them off on her taxes.  It isn't how I would have acted in her position, but completely understand her stance, though she could have been more professional in her wording & demeanor.  Despite telling me she couldn't do my hair in the fashion that Megan had told me was a go, she still did a good job.  My hair held well throughout the day and I was able to work it a little into what I wanted for the night.  My mother in law's hair was fantastic.  She has beautiful, thick, luxurious & plentiful hair, so admittedly was a great canvas to work with, but her hair was great & lasted the entire day.  My only commentary regarding the hair is that we all had the same colored bobby pins used on us and given to us for "touch ups," yet my mother in law has blond and red hair, my mother has light to medium brown hair and my hair is jet black.  Overall, these girls were both on time, super chipper & friendly.  I would rate hair an A- and makeup a C, at best.  Another additional commentary is that Celina, the makeup artist was done before Courtney the stylist was done.  She collected the money & said she had a day full of bookings so had to be on the go.  This is why I wasn't able to point out issues with my makeup to her.  Courtney stayed about a good 30 mins after that.  I thought this was weird & unprofessional.    They sent me emails to write reviews on wedding sites, when I did, the review was disputed, so beware of what may be a false positive in the rankings. Solid 2.5 here.
5 I had a wonderful experience with Makeup in the 702. Megan was always super responsive and extremely prompt and friendly in her responses. She sent Deb (for hair) and Keira (for make-up) to do both my trial and actual hair/make-up on the wedding day and both ladies were lovely, friendly, and awesome at what they do!! I felt beautiful on my special day, and they were done with me and my ladies well ahead of schedule! They even had time to do hair/makeup for an extra bridesmaid who decided she wanted her hair/makeup done by Deb and Keira after seeing their beautiful work! All my girls looked beautiful and they worked so efficiently that we had time to spare so everything was super relaxed. Deb even came back later in the evening to give me a different hairstyle for the second half of the evening and was able to do it in about 10 mins so I didn't have to miss much of the reception! I recommend them without any reservations! THANK YOU Makeup in the 702!!
1 What a disappointment this experience was.  I was the MOH for my brother and his fiancé & this was a destination wedding.  I can only speak on my experience, so I don't have any comments about service up until the day of the wedding because I wasn't the one who booked Makeup In the 702.  We were informed that makeup and hair would start at 6am.  Each girl would take a hour, so we set-up everyone's times accordingly.  The order was mother of the bride, mother of the groom, grandmother of the groom, bridesmaid, bridesmaid, MOH and then the bride.  The wedding photographers were coming at 11am to start taking pictures & this was also around the time the bride was supposed to get her makeup and hair done.    They started on us right away because they told us they had another appointment to get to by 9am.  Really?  So what was promised of at least 6 hours of hair & makeup was rushed and crammed to 2.5 hours.  As you can imagine, the quality and care that diminished was really apparent in the end result.    My hair was started first & I just wanted loose curls/waves.  I brought in pictures.  My hair is long and thick & I usually do loose curls, so I was fairly confident that this would turn out okay.  The only styling product she used was a crap load of hairspray, which left my hair nappy, tangled and dry looking.  She told me she would run her fingers through my curls after my makeup was done.  After she was done & everyone rushed to their next appointment, I was left with chunks of my hair that was missed.  On to the makeup...  I wear full makeup the same way everyday, so I brought in pictures of myself with makeup because I just wanted to look like how I always do.  I also fill-in my eyebrows, and for those of you who do your eyebrows everyday know how particular this can get.  Again, providing pictures of my own eyebrows and also close-up of eyebrows, I figured I'd be okay.  Wrong!  Because the girl was so rushed, she failed to notice my eyebrows were darker than even my hair & one eyebrow was smudged off in the process of doing my eyeshadow.  I don't know all the makeup jargon, but I told her I wear a smoky eye everyday & provided pictures.  Not only did it not look like the pictures, but she also decided to take it upon herself to use lighter colors.  After realizing my makeup would look nothing like the pictures I provided OF MYSELF WITH MAKEUP, I just wanted to end it & go fix my makeup myself.  The bride & I have small tattoos that we wanted covered & the person the bride booked with said this would be no problem.  This was not communicated between the staff because she said she had no idea of this & could not accommodate this because, again, she had to be somewhere at 9am.  For me, I don't care..I'm just the MOH (not the bride), so if she's so rushed for time, she should at least do the bride.  This is her day...if a service was guaranteed to her, then just get it done.  With attitude, she attempted to slap on some concealer & then wiped it off saying nothing could be done.  This was not a mistake done by the clients so proper service and professionalism, you'd think they would at least do the bride.    There were two makeup people and two hair people.  One makeup girl did a great job.  She did two makeup jobs in the time it took the other girl to do 4 people.  The other girl took her time & their makeup was great.  Unfortunately, the person's makeup that should be flawless is the bride & she was left in tears.  Not only did most of us have to fix our makeup because the airbrushing was rushed, splotchy, and spots were missed...the bride's makeup should at least be done correctly.  If one girl was taking more time, then she should have done the bride's makeup. In hindsight, a lot of things could have been different & it's unfortunate it had to happen on such an important day.  They were in such a rush to get done and get out to their next appointment they really didn't give a crap about providing good service.  On your wedding day, that is an awful feeling.  So everyone was done by 8:30am & the wedding wasn't until 4pm.  We were scheduled to be done at 12:45pm, so we had to fix all our makeup and hair & sit around hoping our makeup would hold until the wedding. The photographers arrived at 11am expecting to catch shots of the bride getting her hair & makeup & these are photo opportunities the bride will never have.  If you're desperate to book hair & makeup and this is the only place available, you are better off doing your own makeup.  If this isn't possible, make sure you are clear about the service you're expecting and the time they will be spending.  And if they don't spend the time they promised, be sure to get it in writing to be refunded or else this company is a absolute waste of money.  You can't afford to take risks on such an important day, so I would recommend going through any other vendor for this.
1 Below is the exact email that I sent to Megan regarding the service I received for my recent wedding. (Obviously with some you's and her's changed to names)  I am very unhappy. I was very confident that going through this company was going to be a great choice for my wedding day after having serious issues with my previous makeup vendor. Megan assured me that things would go very smoothly and that I would be happy and taken care of, and that as the first vendors of the day they would be setting the tone for my wedding day. Sadly, this was not the case.   For my makeup trial- my artist Celina showed up late, which would not have been a big deal as I try to be very flexible, but when she arrived she complained about her previous appointment and the lighting in my hotel room- which I agree was not the best, but not something I have control over either. I showed her photos of my inspiration for my makeup and she got started. She did not stop or ask me step by step how I liked what she was doing or if I would change things- she did my makeup, said I was done and told me to go look in a mirror. My foundation was blotchy and so uneven that I actually took it off before going out because I was embarrassed. My makeup didn't look anything like what I asked for. I have eyelash extensions as well and she got so much foundation on my lashes that I looked laughable, so when I told her, she put eye shadow over them and also got it all over my face which she said she "wouldn't do tomorrow" I should have known that the next day would not be different, but I thought that the trial at least showed me what I knew I didn't like and what to mention the next day.  On my wedding day the two teams she sent got started right on time, the one makeup artist (NOT the one who did my trial) was very friendly and did my mother and one of my bridesmaids makeup. She took her time and they looked wonderful. However, the girl who did the rest of my party's makeup (Celina) seemed like she was in a hurry as soon as she arrived and had an attitude with everyone she interacted with (even other members of the team) She did our makeup so poorly that nearly everyone felt the need to "fix" theirs, and when anyone mentioned that they didn't like something she actually argued with them rather than offering to correct it. Which, I felt was beyond unprofessional. She also huffed and pouted and argued with me when I asked about having my tattoo covered- which was supposed to be included in what I paid. She scolded me like a child and told me that I should have told her that the day before and now I was out of luck. Another thing I would like to point out is how all she kept telling us was that she didn't have enough time to do anything and rushed all of us but she had time to text and play on her phone, and later mentioned she was going to go walk her dog for an hour. When I hinted that I was unhappy she said that she did not have time to fix anything because she had other brides, and bookings back to back, and it "wouldn't be right to make those brides wait". I find it offensive that as a bride, my feelings and the money I paid did not seem to matter at all.    I also made it a big point, and emailing Megan several times, to say that we did not need to be ready until 11am. I did not want to have to sit around for hours trying not to mess up my makeup. Celina was in such a hurry to leave that she was packed and out the door by 8:30am. My mom tried to stop her and ask where she was going because she left without airbrushing our neck or chest area (which according to Megan she was supposed to do, and why we wore shirts with specific necklines- which Megan told us to do in her emails) and she just ignored her and walked out. My party's hair was also not done in the best manner. One of my bridesmaids who asked simply for curls had chunks of hair that were untouched and later had to re-curl her whole head. Anyone who did not get an up-do had their hair falling by the time the ceremony started.  The one hair stylist who stayed with me until 9am contacted Megan to let her know how upset I was (honestly I  looked so bad that I was in tears) and to see if another artist had time to fix my face before the wedding ceremony- but instead of trying to make it right or help me on the biggest day of my life, she offered to refund my deposit and said to "go out to dinner" on her. This was my wedding day- not prom. I don't get a do-over or a second chance for this. Luckily, my MOH were kind enough to rise to the challenge and fixed as much of my makeup as she could before my ceremony. I have never been so unhappy with a service in my whole life. Considering everything that I went through on the most important day of my life, being treated like I didn't matter by Megan's staff, I would pass on this company. In the end I requested, and received my money back. To me that will never justify their behavior and how we were all treated or make it any better. Skip this one ladies.
5 I can honestly say that this was the best decision I made for my wedding day! My trial was amazing with my hair stylist Karen and my makeup artist Tanya. They did everything the way that I wanted and are very professional and sweet. On the day of of my wedding they both did all of my hair and makeup for me and my bridesmaids and everything was fabulous! Megan is extremely attentive and always emailed back promptly. The greatest thing is that they come to you!! Highly recommend!
