4 Very clean and friendly nail salon. After trying many in the city it is refreshing to visit a salon that actually takes time to do your nails.  The lady that did my nails looked VERY young (more like 14 or 15 years old, but she did have her nail technician license so must be legit?)    I walked in without an appointment and was seen right away.  They sanitize everything very well and it was very relaxing.  For two french pedicures and one manicure the total was $70.  Not a bad price.  Would definitely go back again!
5 This is a great place! It's nice and roomy inside, the different stations aren't packed super tight. I came with my mom & sister and we were seen immediately. It was a little later in the day when we went so it wasn't busy, but with all the space inside I imagine it would have been a comfortable salon visit even if it was.  Heather did my nails. She was very sweet, worked fast & clean, and kept the conversation light-just the way I like. She did my nails exactly how I wanted and also advised me what would work best for future visits/fills. Not only that she was more than happy to answer my thousands of questions about different nail polishes, designs, and finishes. She was great!
5 Nate  This was my first time getting full service both hands and feet it was wonderful the staff is very good nice and professional I recommend everyone to come and try them.
5 New management!!  Best pedicure I've had in Summerlin (actually best I've had anywhere)! Laura does my pedi's and she is just amazing!  The girls take their time and treat you like a VIP!  Such a great value, if you haven't been there yet, you MUST go!!!! I've referred several friends who called and thanked me after!
5 They were super friendly. We paid $45 for an upgraded pedicure and manicure. $55 for upgraded pedicure and a fill. They took their time and were really sweet.
5 Very nice, clean place. The ladies are very polite and gentle. I have slightly ingrown toe nails and I didn't feel a thing, usually it is painful trimming them. Highly recommended!
