5 My favorite SONIC in town. There is one just down the street from here on Boulder, but this one never has a crowd, is consistently good with their drinks, and has a friendly staff. We go here almost daily for a Route 44 during the hot summer months. They sometimes close early at night, but around sunset is the perfect time to come to catch a nice view of the Strip.
5 So happy we have sonic way out here. Always nice and fast!
3 My boyfriend and I stopped here on our way to a work call in Lake Las Vegas. We were trying to rush an go on with our day off so possibly could have been more irritable than normal however the service didn't help our moods.  The woman working the drive thru was rude and impatient taking our order. She had the worst attitude and I could tell through a box! That's what prompted me to write this and it only got worse! At the window she charged our card not saying a word and handed us our items one at a time. There were very long gaps of time in between each beverage and the food. Every time she walked away she left the window open so we could hear them complaining (very loudly and animated) about having to cook the breakfast burrito at one pm....and jalapeño poppers. It was awkward, to say the least, when a new equally as rude employee returned with our food.
2 I stopped at this Sonic because I was out doing errands and need something for my low blood sugar. I had not eaten lunch (being a diabetic that is a big no, no) so I thought I'd get something to eat and a drink because it was happy hour. YAY for half priced drinks! I've also been trying to stick to the Atkins diet so I was debating between a double cheese burger and the grilled chicken sandwich. I picked the grilled chicken. When I got it home, the piece of chicken was very tiny. It didn't even make it to the edge of the bun. I only used half of the bun and disposed of the rest. I just feel for $4.39 I should get a little bigger piece of chicken. I've had this sandwich from other locations before and I know it was not that tiny! What happened?  My drink was tasty and they even got the diet cherry in it correctly! I used the drive-thru and the service was great. They were very friendly and quick.   Normally I love Sonic and their food, but this time I was severely disappointed! I could have just gone to Wendy's or Jack in the Box and gotten the same sandwich for the same price or cheaper and it would have been a lot bigger. Check your portions Sonic!
