4 Since there is no Sonics around me I really like it here! Their tater tots are awesome, and I'm in love with the watermelon slush. Not a fan of their chicken stuff, but their burgers aren't bad. Yummy and cheap !
4 Sonic offers appetizing fast food and seems to be open at all hours of the day, every day.  Drive-thru, walk-up, or drive-up to order. Super inexpensive food that satisfies my late-night cravings.    Some of my favorite menu items are: - I love the Kid's Meal, especially the enticing Grilled Cheese!   - Breakfast Toaster (Huge plus that breakfast is served all day) - Oreo Sonic Blasts (Kind of reminds me of McDonald's McFlurry) - Strawberry Limeade - Coneys, Hotdogs, Corndogs - Tator tots!  Location: This Sonic location was rather difficult to find when locating it for the first time.  It's not on Flamingo Rd (the main road); instead it is hidden on the side of the plaza.
3 The staff has been sucking really bad recently.
5 Absolutely love the their milkshakes !!!!!  and they're 24 hrs!!!!  Plus, gotta love their Happy hour specials on slushies !!!
2 The service at this location is really, really slow. I stopped here for a quick drink on the way home. They have tons of drink selections and syrups, even some sweetened with splenda. Unfortunately, my vanilla coke was flat. Great tater tots though.
2 Even if you stop here in the middle of the afternoon, the service is slow.  But now it is rediculous.  We stopped here for 2 milk shakes.  After 25 minutes I went up and asked about the order.  They said they were short staffed.  After 45 minutes we left without ever being served.  You have a myriad of choices for spending you fast food $.  Don't waste your time and money at Sonic.
3 This Sonic is really hit or miss all the time. This particular location happens to be on my way home from work so it is super convenient for me if I want to pick up something on the way home on the rare occasion I haven't prepped dinner before going to work. It's also helpful when the husband calls me when I'm getting out of work begging for a Sonic Blast...   Sometimes there is no one in the dirve-thru line and it is slow. Sometimes there are a ton of people in the drive-thru and it is slow. Sometimes I've come through super quick. Again, the consistent factor is missing.   The good thing though is that the food is still good quality for a fast food joint. I tend to think of Sonic being on the upper echelons of fast food. There are a lot of options and a lot of ways to customize your meal. Their drinks are always great, especially slushies and their Cherry Coke, which I love because they do not skimp on the Cherry flavoring.  I'd rather go to a different Sonic, but since this one is on my drive home I'll probably keep partonizing it whether or not the service is slow.
3 Not too bad, the service is alright and the drive-thru takes a little long.  Haven't been here early enough in the day to order up front at the window so my entire experience is based on the drive-thru.  Picked up a jr. egg burrito and a shake and it took about 20-25 minutes.  Good thing I wasn't in a hurry or I would've been late.. nonetheless, the food came out good complete with condiments so nothing short of an average experience at Sonic!
4 I have a serious love of Sonic. Those limeades have had my heart for literally decades. And then there's the popcorn chicken, the hot dogs, the shakes, etc. All in all, it's some pretty decent fast food. And the happy hour prices for drinks are a pretty good deal.  This particular Sonic location appears newer and is somewhat hidden depending on which way you are approaching it. The nice thing is that the drive through always moves quickly and is nice and efficient. Yeah, I'm a fan.
