5 Best customer service EVER ! I've been to a lot of health stores (GNC, Vitamin world, Vitamin Shoppe, etc) and by far the best experience. Walked in and was greeted by Steven, right away we were given samples of emerge and even protein shakes to take home. He let us keep the cool shakers they were in and even gave us two bottles for our protein shakes later. He was very helpful and honest and wasn't just trying to sell us products. With being girls you would think he would say anything to make a sale, but he would even say no to buying products if not needed. Definitely going to come back even though it's a 40 min drive. Well worth the service and their products are top notch. When shopping here ask for Steven you won't be disappointed :)
5 Great store! Top of the line products and as the other reviewer stated, their customer service is amazing! It doesn't have that corporate feel.  They even recognize me sometimes when I call to place an order.  I live in Southeast Vegas which is on the complete other side of town, and with all the options around me, I make the 40 min drive. However, they will ship me stuff when I need it.  What I also appreciate is that they're honest about what products are right for me.  They never try to sell me something simply because I'm willing to buy it.  If it's not a product that would work for me, they let me know.
5 So i moved and this is the store closets to my new residence on this side of the valley. Found it via yelp! Anyway this place is great super informational. I believe the owner was working the first time i walked in and she was great. Very friendly and personable. Ive gone back a couple times since and the prices are very fair. They have pretty much everything i need and if they don't they offer to bring it in. Im def referring it to other friends of mine in the area that work out and need supplementation in their life! I used to work at a supp store back in Hawaii so i know its a very competitive market out their so its nice to see that smaller stores like this doing well and having staff that knows what they are talking about and don't attempt to sell you stuff you don't need. Great store guys! Keep up the great work.
5 Jennifer at Max Muscle is super helpful.  Very informational and never tries to sell me something.  I wasn't sure on what flavor I might like best, so she let me try them out first before I bought it.
5 Great little place that has everything you need. They give great advice and never over sell you
