5 The service here was very friendly and the shop was most welcoming.   I was a little nervous coming here as I haven't been to a smoke shop before and I heard horror stories about many shops being unkind. This isn't the case here. Go in and take a look around.
5 I love this place and the staff best smoke shop  for sure!!!....staff is hella chill and i love the if u friend em on FB they are always keeping u updated on new shipment....like blueberry swishers have u ever tried em!?!?! ya i kno u haven't....this place got a lot of stuff ..my go to smoke shop and i have one not even 5 min from me....ill take the 15 min drive...and ZIA record store is in the same plaza score!!!  PS: they are open till 9 on a sunday!!!!!!! or 830 but still that is awsome! DETOUR AFTER WORK ! =D
5 This is my shop right here! Another spot that I will drive from the other side of town just to go to. They have a big selection of glass, paint, clothes and all kinds of other smoking accessories. All quality stuff too. The workers are always cool & the prices are very reasonable. I got a super cool custom Zob from there. Plus its right next door to the record store! Can't beat that.
2 This place is nice,  I went in for a vaporizer and they had 00.00   what?  No vapes!   Purple haze hooked me up with a vaporblunt!   Let you know soon if its as good as they said.   But nice pipes at this place.   Would of gave 4 stars but no vapes.
5 First time in a smoke shop, and i would not shop anywhere else.  they are very friendly, and know there products if you might have a question don't be afraid to ask.  it is true, this is one of those shops that i would drive across town to get too.  They have everything from low end to high end. You have to check this place out !!!
5 Found this place after a Yelp search one night after 9PM when every other smoke shop in town is closed.  The fact that they are open late every night gets immediate stars for me.  The selection seemed to be like most other smoke shops, and the prices were average.  The guy working was really cool (and cute :-), and after I mentioned Yelp, he was quite generous with the discount and a freebie lighter.
5 Local shop. Great prices. Great people who take care of their regulars. And last but not least an awesome product. Never have to worry about getting low grade glass product here, because they don't carry them and they always have the new sh*t. They have a good central location and are open daily, even opened up early for me once.  Nothing but the best from Gorilla every single time!
4 I only spent about 7 minutes in here, but I can tell you two things: they have surprisingly affordable pricing; and they've got a badass original Godzilla 1985 one sheet hanging in an inconspicuous position.   Yelpers take note - there is a check-in offer good for 10% off here, something I learned after I had left with my purchase.
5 My husband and I LOVE this shop. We found it by a random search for smoke shops in our area right after we moved here. The guys were so cool! They do treat customers right, which is something that not a whole lot of these type of shops have usually.  We have bought a lot of product from them and never have had a problem with breakage or quality. We love the brands they carry. They even had a store party a couple months ago and it was open to customers, friends, and anyone. It was great advertising for their shop and a lot of fun.  This is definitely one of Vegas' best local-owned places.
5 Had bought a vapor pen and realized the battery was not taking a charge a week and a half later. These guys were awesome! Usually I would have had to go through the manufacturer and that would take forever! But these guys traded out the battery with no hesitation. That's great customer service! They also have the best selection of glass and reasonable prices... I recommend this place to everyone I know. Thanks gorilla radio! You're the best
5 Let me tell you, this is NOT a typical smoke shop where you walk in and the walls are covered with cartons of cigarettes and cheap cigars. No no my friends, this place only carries high quality American glass smoke ware! Staff is very helpful, knowledgeable and courteous. I also love that they have local art displayed on their little gallery. Stop spending your money on cheap glass and come get some quality, premium products!
5 Best head shop in town. They always have what I need and even more of what I want. They have sick heady pieces that are a must see.
5 This place has the best top shelf glasss in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!! hitman and many more !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! only place i go when i want the rolex of glassss!!!!!!!!!!! Great customer service and sick atmosphere!!!!!!!!! I love the art at that place too EPIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!                               THANK YOU GUYS SOOO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING                                                                    MUCHLOVE
5 This is the best place I've Been in here in Las Vegas. The guys are knowledgeable friendly and absolutely willing to help you get exactly what you want and what you need. Great selection of everything and absolutely impressive. I was happy I found out about this place and I know that when the time comes to get another piece this is where I'll get it from.
5 Just an amazing place in general. First off the owners are extremely helpful and knowledgable ... Really the first smoke shop that I have ever visited that isn't in the business of ripping off but in the business of helping customers... They are definitely the high end of all Vegas smoke shops. I found this place by referral 2 years ago and have been back many times since. Whether you need a roor bowl or high end glass I would recommend this spot to anyone .... The best glass selection ( not fake or Chinese ) around !
5 Love this smoke shop.....!!! Has everything you need at this gorilla smoke shop, not like other smoke shop, mark and chano always gives great customer service every time I walk in there smoke shop....! There art work on there walls are dope, this smoke shop is way different then other smoke shops.
5 This is an awesome spot! Great selection of pipes water pipes and rigs! Dope spot!
5 I have been coming to Gorilla Radio for what seems like a while and I've been meaning to write a review for a while. That being said, I've been to many smoke shops in the Vegas area and I've never been really impressed. Gorilla Radio on the other hand is changing the game! Their glass selection is the best I've seen In town and they feature local glass blowers as well. On top of that, Mark and Felix are always extremely helpful with all my questions and keep me up to date with new product they get in. I never cease to be impressed with this shop. I would definitely recommend this shop to any new smoker or seasoned veteran.
5 The only place in town that I'll buy glass from, a friendly knowledgeable staff and the shop its self is a beautiful piece of art. You can't find quality glass at better prices and you'll always see it here first. Highly recommend the shop as I've been a customer for five years now. From glass to my hats I get it all there
4 Great local shop! I drive from Henderson to visit these guys. The staff is very friendly and knowledgable. They have a full selection of glass and ALL the items for your smoking needs. Lots of locally made stuff. Good prices too! If you want a smoke shop that isn't shady or scary this is the place.
5 The only shop we use in Vegas and we live in the far northwest. The guys are really knowledgable and they have great detox and smoke supplies.
5 Best smoke shop in Vegas by far, no one else even comes close. It is always so hard for me not to buy new pieces when I stop it because every thing they carry is amazing. The staff is always knowledgeable and friendly, quick to answer questions and make sure that you leave satisfied customer. They have everything from glass to cleaners to clothing, stickers and more. Everything you could want from smoke shop. I drive across town out of my way to shop here because it is worth it.
4 Glass, glass, and more glass. If you're looking for a smoke shop that has more than a tiny selection of glass this is well worth the drive to check out.   I had family and friends come in from out of town and they needed a couple of specific things. There was one item that someone wanted that they didn't have...it turned out that they recommended something even better than what she had in mind. And everything else on the shopping list was in stock and at very reasonable prices too. And the staff was friendly and without attitude which is always appreciated.   Did I mention they had the most glass I've seen anywhere else besides Colorado? 4 Stars. (I'm tempted to bump to 5 but I'll give them another visit before doing that.) Gorilla Radio is definitely a place we'll check out again.
5 Came in to gorilla to get a ceramic nail because I don't like the metal taste using the other type of nail.   Checked in and got 10% off.   The glass here is absolutely amazing.   Come check them out. Felix is the bomb!!!!    Will be back!! Because my glass collection needs expanding!!
