4 When I came in to place an order I wasn't sure if he understood me or even getting what I was trying to explain cz he was really quiet n didn't give me any answers right away to my questions n looked kinda confused too so I was worried a little bit...but, when I came back to pick up our banner & menu board it was actually better than I expected :) so I guess he was listening...lol and everything was done within couple of days so i'm pretty satisfied with them!!!
5 I've heard so many good things about Sing Sing Sign over the past 2 years that I just had to try them. First of all, I called them to get a quote and then called about 10 other print shops in town and nobody could come close to the price. Finally I ended up saying to some quotes I was trying to get 'Look, Sing Sing Sign can get this done for X dollars per sign... can you match that?' and nobody could.   1. Best prices in town.  Secondly, I'd like to say that they responded to my emails extremely quick! Within minutes. They always answered the phone, they always knew what order I was talking about and they always got me the answers I needed fast.  2. Amazing customer service  Third, I ordered my signs at 1pm this afternoon and at 6pm they called me and told me it was ready for pick up. I ordered TWENTY signs and they're finished already! Incredible.  3. Incredibly fast service!  Fourth, they are open early and late so it's easy to drop and pick up after normal working hours. This is a HUGE PLUS for someone like me.  4. Good hours and easy access to shop.  I'm very impressed with Sing Sing Sign and I will use them for all my printing needs in the future. Very impressive.
5 I was attending a conference in Las Vegas visiting from Boston, MA, and needed a banner for my business.  I happened see this company on a billboard somewhere in LasVegs and decided to give it a try.  They were, as others have said, unbelievable in service, and their prices werre out of this world cheap, so I decided to buy a banner (very large one) and they were able to produce it within 24 hours and since I was leaving in 12 hours, I had them ship it by air to me, and including the air shipment, it cost me significantly less (about a 90% discount from the Boston price!!!) than what it would cost me from the cheapest place in Boston, and that would have taken about one week, minimum.  I have since been placing orders from Boston and having the banners shipped to me by air all the time adn they never failed me even once andd their products are always superb.  I cannot ask for more.  THey are a GEM!!!! Keep them a secret so their prices won't go up!!!!
1 I came in to get a car decal. It was supposed to be done by 5 pm. I came in the next day to pick it up at 12 pm, but it wasn't ready yet. I was told to come back in an hour and a half. When I came back at 145 pm it still wasn't ready!!! What a waste of my time and gas, it's not like I live across the street and can keep on coming back for a damn car decal... 1st and last time here!!!
5 Great Prices & Excellent Customer Service!! Turn around time is the fastest in Las Vegas with Quality Products! Thank you Pong you're the Best! Liz
5 Typically I would refrain from buying anything from a place with blacked out windows in the Chinatown area of most cities. Call it a hunch. However, this place is great! I had an event coming up in a few days and was looking for a (cheap) banner to hang up at the venue. After walking in the door, it took no longer than 3 min to pick out the perfect sized banner and email my image over to see how it would look blown up to massive proportions. Well, it turns out the image would've looked like sh*t (low res). I ended up leaving and then emailing over a few more images. Within 10 min one was chosen, the size was adjusted and I got a zoomed in screenshot to see how the pixelation of the banner would look. Almost too easy! The price was right on point and the service was great. Need printing done? Come here (and eat at Kinh Do next door).
5 Another win from Sing Sing. Emailed them a pdf at 6pm on Thursday. Got a quote and a proof back at 6:15pm. 2x3 custom foam board was done by 2pm the next day. 20hr turnaround. Not. Too. Shabby.
5 good， u can Order in the morning , pick up at night ! The most important thing is the price is good !
5 Needed fast signage for store. Sent my partner in to get quotes, got an email proof within a minute while still on the phone with my partner and was able to tell the changes I needed right away. Very affordable. Fast turn around.
5 I just had to write a feedback on them. I wanted correction, "after", I approved my e-mail proof. Luckily , I made it in the nick of time.   Then again, wanted to make another correction, after approved...unfortunately, they have already started printing.  James was kind of enough to give me another set for half the cost.   They are patience , nice & kind.  They work really fast on sending out proof.  Brought a design in for a business card and they couldn't do it.  I was disappointed, but James was trying to work with what I had and said that he can create a "similar" design...and guess what??   IT WAS BETTER THAN WHAT I HAD BROUGHT IN.  Good save, James.  I will definitely refer them to anybody that asks about signs.  Looking forward to do business with you again.  Again, thanks James.
5 Excellent service and great prices!  The work is exactly what I expected when they delivered.  Very professional and experts at what they do.
5 I needed a banner for my son's soccer team that was reasonably priced with a quick turnaround time. I found Sing Sing Sign on Yelp with rave reviews.  It was a Saturday, and I was surprised that they were open to take my order.  Within a few days, I had the banner ready for my son's soccer league opening ceremony.   I highly recommend Sing Sing Sign. A+++
5 I needed a banner they did good work. I order the banner Tuesday and picked it up Wednesday. Awesome job great prices!
