1 If I could give 0 stars I would. There are NO requirements for the hair 'stylists' to meet in order to work here. Its a cheapie chop shop and you get a lot worse than you paid for.   I don't know why I returned after a couple very bad cuts. Maybe I am a glutton for punishment or too forgiving or just too lazy to find a new place but surmise it to say: this Great Clips has TERRIBLE cutters with no training and I recommend avoiding it at all costs.
4 Nice, easy place to come get a haircut. They tell me this is their busiest location, which makes sence because there are always at least six stylists on hand. That's what I love about it here, there is almost NEVER a wait because they are staffed so well. This is the only place I go for my hair, in and out nice and fast.
4 You get exactly what you're looking for here: a cheap haircut. Nothing fancy. I come here when I need a quick, cheap cleanup. When I want an actual "styling" I'll go to FX in the same parking lot & see Amy. But, the 2 are completely different experiences & expectations.
4 The haircut was good and the barber was very good at keeping with a conversation. The price was cheap and I got my haircut done in minutes.
3 Everytime I come here it seems like different people are working and it's never the same people here. This might explain why the quality of my haircut varies depending who's there when I go. It can sometimes get busy at this location so be sure to check in online before heading over there just in case. Normal haircuts are $13 here.
2 I took my kid in for wash/deep cond, she has VERY CURLY hair that tangles EZ, Sasha complained about her back hurting & it taking to long for her to comb out. Her 1st experience & probably last
1 Went in to get a quick haircut one morning and the stylist cut my hair crooked.   I am not sure how she did not notice because it was prerty bad.  Went somewhere else to have it fixed.
4 If you need a quick cut this is the place. Very cheap and good service. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because I have never once been asked if I would like a shampoo with my cut.
