5 My neighborhood comics & games store.  Matt, Dina and their crew run a great shop.  Matt genuinely takes an interest in the kids who come in, asking about their little league games and other activities. My kids are 3 and 6mos, but if they were older, I'd feel completely comfortable leaving them at BZC for the day to play games.  BZC offer a wide variety of comics and games.  The store is Las Vegas' home for Pathfinder RPG, CthulhuTech and Warmachine/Hordes ... among many others.
4 This is a pretty rad Gaming/Comic shop, with a really wide selection of Warmachine and many other series of models rather than perhaps being dominated by Warhammer-only models as some can be.  They have a P3 Paints rack and Citadel washes available with a rotating stock, and it's the only place I know where to grab P3 in my Vegas area.  They also have a big wall of comics and even some neat action figures (Venture Brothers!) as well as a friendly atmosphere.
3 **Note: LOCATED IN WALMART SHOPPING CENTER AND NEXT TO CHIROPRACTOR OFFICE***  If I compare my favorite comic book store- Alternate Realty- to Battlezone Comics, I think my only complaint would be that the comics were organized alphabetically rather than by style or series or publisher- its boring, and time consuming especially if you're into a certain type of comic. And I think the new stuff should be on display, not hidden in the back or behind a shelf. This store has a variety of miniature collectibles, sets, boardgames, and posters. They had a very limited supply of comics and graphic novels and I'm not confident the owner was knowledgeable about whats new/old/out there.. But he was friendly and helpful so I will give him credit. I think this place is fairly new so it's bares potential. I might come back if I'm in the neighborhood :)
5 My regular comic shop and with good reason. It's not the closest, but I get treated well, without the sanctimonious condescension I get at other shops because I don't know everything there is to know about comics. I don't spend a lot of time researching comics, so they're helpful in suggesting books. If they don't have a particular comic in stock, they order it for me. Customer service is top-notch!
5 I was in town for business. Looking to burn some time during the day, I drove around to different shops looking for pick up casual games of magic. The first 3 shops all told me people were not playing at this time and offered no help.   My 4th stop was at Battlezone.   The owner said, sorry we do not have anyone playing right now. He then used every form of electronic communication he had.  Battlezone went above and beyond until he  found a regular that was willing to come to the store at that time.   I regret not making a purchase to support this store.   Battlezone has excellent customer service that was not to make a sale but to help out a fellow gamer.
