4 I like Vons most of the time.  Their produce is hit and miss sometimes though.
4 There's nothing wrong with Vons/Safeway. They are not the cheapest, nor do they have the largest selection but their well laid out stores have what you need. This particular location is two minutes from my house, has my bank (US Bank) inside and is open 24 hours. Win, win, win. This is where I go to grab items quickly or something I have forgotten on another shopping trip. One of my favorite things to do is stop in here on my way home from work and check out 20-50% off meat items to go home and cook up for dinner.
2 I really want to like Vons. It reminds me of King Kullen (Long Island grocer), so the place makes me feel nostalgic,....in some odd way. But some things I can't seem to overlook and it doesn't help that a manager failed to even reach out to me after I contacted one about my concerns. The issues are BUGS. Bugs everywhere. Bugs in the rice aisle, even visibly seen in some of the rice bags. Bugs found baked into the french bread. Its gross and kind of unsettling. I know bugs can happen even in the best of circumstances (and kitchens) but its been one of those things that continues to be an issue that I, the consumer, is noticing in their stores. Not good.
1 Dear VONS,  The donations seriously need to stop. One day I will lose my mind and security will have to be called to escort the screaming, insane woman out of the building....  Every month there's a new cause I'm being asked to donate to. I even get hit up twice in one visit around the holidays, with the Salvation Army standing outside your store. And the constant announcements with the little "Whoo!" at the end....ugh, ENOUGH!!!!  Some people don't do mega overhaul shopping once or twice a month. I'm in the store shopping for dinner sometimes 2x/week....used to be more frequently until I had some (STILL) unresolved issues with this location (see previous review).   I don't need to be asked EVERY TIME I come in to donate money. It adds up. Either limit the amount of charities you work with or introduce a "do not ask" option to customer accounts.
