1 Found a house to rent. Went down to realty office to fill out application and it was a wasted trip.  I walked into the office and 3 people saw me at the counter and no one welcomed me to the office. I had to ask for assistance. Already with a bad taste in my mouth, the front desk man was dressed unprofessional and lacked any information in regards to renting a property.  He insisted that  i sign my application and turn it in without the blanks $ amounts filled in. I refuse to sign an application without knowing all the fees involved.  I asked numerous times to have a sit down with someone in the office to answer all my questions and i was told no. I would have to call the realtor on the phone for any answers.  I am very unhappy with the customer service this business offers to their potential clients and i will not refer any one to this place.
1 Absoulely horrible. I have lived in one of their properties for the past year and a half. They ignore you when you need service calls, and have been difficult to deal with. Not only can we not get our AC fixed for atleast a month in the middle of the 115 degree summer, they also got robbed and lost our rent check. Somehow, they think I am responisble for paying rent a second time when they are the ones that got robbed and lost it. They have not been enjoyable to deal with by any means.
4 I read the reviews and was nervous to rent a house from them. I called our real estate agent and expressed my concerns. We ended up renting a beautiful house in Rhodes Ranch and so far, the experience has been satisfactory. We're receiving the lease today and I'll update this review after we move in in a few weeks. We've dealt with Corina (sp?) and so far she has been attentive and responsive to our questions.
1 If I could give no stars, I would! rented a property from this place and all they did was ignore us! when we rented the place, it was a mess! crayon all over the walls, broken/loose tiles, damaged baseboards. they promised they would fix all of that and put in a new dishwasher, put in new screens, fix the sprinklers, and much more and it never got done!!!  I talked to the lady who runs this place and she have me the runaround also! So surprised that this place is allowed to operate. The people who own the house finally came to their senses and changed property management. I am so happy we do not have to deal with this lousy business. BEWARE!!!
1 I rented with them for about 4 years out of sheer convenience to me.  During that time the staffing changed more than I could count from year to year.  Within the first few months of renting from them I learn to pay my rent online because their office ettiquette was poor.  Smiles, hello's etc...were of low frequency.  It was a challenge getting repairs done mostly due to language barriers.. But even that didn't bother me too much until within the third year experience structural problems with the house/ leaks that costed me greatly.    The structural problems I learn to tolerate for the last 2 years even though they been out photographed the item it was never repaired.  The leak I experienced went on for nearly 6 months cost me unimaginable funds for a water bill.  I moved out with a sour taste in my mouth... I left their property in great condition and still had to threaten  them w/legal action before they gave me back my deposit about 4-5 months later.  They simply asked me why I didn't continue to remind them that they had my money. ...
