5 I have been a patient of Dr. Staci Mchale for the past few years, when I moved to Las Vegas it was hard for me to select a doctor since I was in a new surroundings and I had one OB/GYN for the last 25yrs, Finding a good doctor was a challenge but I am grateful for Southern Hills hospital to introduce me to Dr. Mchale. Dr. Mchale at Meadow's women's Center,  is truly one of the most caring and professional doctors I have ever met.  She is someone who doesn't put  science before being a human being demonstrating care and top notch bedside manner.  I recently had my beautiful twins with Dr. Mchale's help. I have no family out here in Las Vegas, but Dr. Mchale's daily visit during my one month bed rest stay at Summerlin was truly the only thing that kept me going. She checked on me every day, and she couldn't physically come due to other patients needs, she called or had a colleague of hers to check on me. she spent time at my bedside, chatting with me, encouraged and provided me support. I honestly couldn't have done it without her continuous care.  Dr. Mchale was named in the Nevada's Review Journal back in January of this year,  for her expert opinion regarding Nevada's current state of health plan and how Las Vegas is ranked amongst other states.  I am truly very fortunate to have met this wonderful doctor and if anyone needs to learn more about her and Meadow's Women's Center , I would be more than happy to respond to your email. I have been so impressed by Dr. Mchale and her clinic that I named one of my twin daughters after their business practice, MEADOW.  chat2lida@gmail.com
5 Dr. McHale is a young, caucasian female from Texas who also did some of her graduate work in Pennsylvania.  She is very understanding, thorough, and patient.    The gynecologist is probably the doctor all of us women hate to see but, Dr. McHale allows me to feel as comfortable as I can be at the OB/GYN.  During exams/procedures she will give you an explanation about almost everything to help you get a better understanding of why some things are necessary.  At the end of exams/procedures, she always informs you of what you may need or, if you might need a follow-up.  Her instructions are clear and, if you should need more information, she will inform the receptionist or nurse to give you some literature.    I highly recommend Dr. McHale to any female needing a gynocologist.  She is very professional, un-snooty, and down to Earth.  With that said, I hope Dr. McHale receives the utmost positive recognition for her practice in medicine.
5 Just had my first appt. with Dr Mchale and she is absolutely phenomenal. Very nice, attentive and spent a good 10 minutes listening to my history and putting a plan together. This is her own practice at a new location and even though I had to wait a little while ; I felt my time was honored with the time I spent with her. Great MD
5 Dr. McHale is the best gynecologist I have ever been to! One of the most important things to me when visiting a doctors office is the wait time. What's the point of making an appointment and showing up early, as they usually request you do, if you're going to be waiting around for another hour? Her office is spot on with this. My GPS took me in the opposite direction and I ended up being 20 minutes late They were really kind in giving me old school directions and when I finally did arrive, they took my paperwork right away and told me Dr. McHale would be with me in just a moment. I think I probably waited about 5 minutes before I was shown back.  Everything was spotless. The office is beautiful and there is a fish tank in the waiting room. I got outfitted in my paper gown and didn't wait long before Dr. McHale came in and introduced herself. She's very down to earth and instantly makes you feel comfortable and at ease! She asks you about yourself and then gives a little of her own background.  She just left a group practice to start a private practice of her own so that she can do things the way she believes they should be done. In my opinion, how she is doing things is perfect. While lady doctor visits are always uncomfortable, Dr. McHale really eases that by making you laugh AND going through the worst parts quickly. This was the fastest exam I've ever had which is wonderful! She explains everything she is doing and why- which I love.  She took ample time with me to find the right kind of birth control since I've had some really negative results with the side effects in the past. She is clearly very knowledgeable and her confidence makes it really easy to trust her opinions. She even went out of her way to get me a blood test and call me to relay the results- after office hours! The same day!  And even though I have health insurance which would cover my birth control prescription, she gave me 3 months worth of samples (which are free) just to make sure I find a brand that works best for me before I start buying them. I can't even express how much that kind of honesty means to me! So many health practices gouge your insurance because people don't usually care too much since it's not right out of their pocket.  Thank you to the entire office for being so amazing!
5 She is amazing!  From her courteous, kind and proficient front desk staff, to her beautifully appointed office, to Dr Staci herself, I could not be happier. She is motivated by having the freedom to treat her clients right, and left her previous practice to make sure her clients are getting the best care possible.  It is hard to find people who have strength of character, and I really respect her mission to do right by her patients. Her staff is amazing too!  Very respectful, helpful, and on the ball.  I will never go to another OBGYN in Las Vegas.
5 Dr. McHale is THE BEST GYNO VEGAS HAS!!! I WILL RECOMMEND HER TO EVERYONE I KNOW. Sounds weird coming from a guy I know but let me tell you Dr. McHale is a life a saver for my wife and I. We had an incident with a different OB that caused us to find a new OB 7 1/2 months into my wife's pregnancy. This was the most horrible thing that could have happen to us the time of pregnancy is suppose to be filled with Joy and with Happiness we were 7 1/2 months in and had not experienced that until we found Staci McHale.   Dr. McHale was willing to see us even though we had never crossed paths, and all that we knew of her was what I had googled and what the reviews of yelp said. When we met Dr. McHale she was very straight forward and very down to earth my wife and I felt beyond comfortable with her which was AWESOME!!!!! You know those questions you want to ask but are scared because you think the doctor will be like DAFUQ YOU JUST SAY??!! Well you will NEVER EVER get that feeling here, Dr. McHale goes above and beyond to explain and allow you to learn about the birthing process. She is amazing!! When we delivered at the hospital Dr. McHale was beyond helpful and she made everything so peaceful and calm. We even made austin power jokes in the middle of  the delivery and it was awesome!! I had Ricks Restoration on for the first half of pushing and speaking about tv. You know those TLC having a baby show where the doctors have the baby half out the mother and the mother ends up pulling the baby out of herself and on to herself.... WELL WE DID IT AND IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!. Yeah Dr. McHale is HANDS DOWN THE BEST OB and this is coming from a male. Listen TO BE FATHERS if you are young and a little scared don't fear SUPERMCHALE will set you at ease :).
5 The office was busy with all kinds of ladies waiting to get their girl parts looked at for one reason or another. I was there for my yearly checkup.  The waiting room was very cold but there were plenty of seats, a fish tank and TV to keep me occupied. Magazines are scarce so make sure your phone is charged up for extra entertainment.  Seeing the nurse was quick and pleasant while she checked my vitals.  Dr. McHale made the experience easy, virtually painless, and quick. She did make sure to ask me several times if I had any questions or concerns, which made me feel like she was there to help keep women healthy and informed. We discussed some common women's' issues and that was that.  Even though Dr. McHale was only in the room for a few minutes and most of the time she had her hands on or in my private parts, I feel like I made a new friend today. I would recommend her to any of my gal pals. See you next year, Staci.
4 I never feel rushed with her. I am 22 and am not pregnant, but she made me feel comfortable and took things slow enough for me so I felt fine. My insurance through my college paid for all my services which ibwas unaware of until my last visit, but she is worth every single penny. She listens to every problem I have or question, and her staff are friendly and efficient. I love their online portal, reminders, and test results. Even though I go to school in CA and I visit home for breaks, I don't see myself switching to another dr for quite a while.
2 Took my fiancé here and was a little disappointed with the level of service. Receptionist was nice. Doctor was not nice. Had heard good things but was not impressed. Will give her one more shot and re review.
5 Had my first appointment recently, the staff were pleasant, and wait time wasn't too long (I waited 30 min. to be seen) however other patients we're seen almost immediately (I assume because I was 1st time patient processing me delayed this).    Meeting with Dr. Mchale she was informative, detailed and asked several time if I had questions. I never felt rushed. Let me say, this is my Doctor! I appreciated the care    she puts in her practice, and love the office.
5 SIMPLY THE BEST!  Don't think I'll ever find a better OB and sad that we've moved to CA and won't have her anymore - but her being as amazing as she is she referred me to a friend of hers so hoping she's half as good as Dr. McHale.  If your pregnant she is the one to go to!!  She saw me through my whole pregnancy and delivered my Son, I never thought labor could be fun, but it sure was with Dr. McHale, we pretty much laughed the whole time I was delivering my Son while we discussed golf and vacations!  We had lots of girl talk during appointments discussing bags and shopping and my appointments felt more like visiting a girlfriend more then going to the OB.  She came and checked in on me when I checked into the hospital on her way home just for no reason at all - pretty amazing of her!  I love that she is young and with the times - this makes a huge difference!!  The only negative is that word is definitely getting out so wait times can be long (typically an hour in/out) but take the first appointment after lunch and you're usually in better shape!  She's worth it!!!
5 This was my third pregancy and the doctor who had delivered our first two was no longer in practice. I looked to Yelp to find another one, and after about seven months...he too, went out of business.  He referred us to Dr. Tabassi, who is wonderful, but the night I went into labor, she was not on call.  Doctor McHale happened to be the doctor on call.  SHE WAS WONDERFUL!!  Everything happens for a reason they say, and I know this to be true after my experience with Dr McHale.  I called her the night before I delivered and she gave me great advice and eased my mind because I wasn't scheduled for my repeat C-section until 3/1 and it was only 2/21.  After a few hours, I went to the hospital because she suggested they take a look at me and monitor the contractions, etc.  The hospital staff was great and comforting (Southern Hills) and when it was go time, she was still on call and ended up delivering my son via C-section.  My incision was stapled closed, and I had never had staples. It seemed to work beautifully.  I was able to get up and walk sooner than with my prior two c-sections.  Overall, my experience with McHale was wonderful. She is very knowledgable and personable.    I would highly recommend her for any OB/GYN needs!
5 This is my 1st pregnancy and I just moved to Las Vegas so I was lost in regards to an OBGYN. I've always favored women (I'm shy) and I looked all over the place.   I ended up stumbling across good reviews of Dr. McHale, plus her being a woman and younger made it the perfect combination.   I've only had 2 appts with her and 2 appts for an ultrasound with the sonographer and all vists have been positive. Note: the 2nd appt with the sonographer was very early in the morning and she was late. I woke up early for nothing but it's ok. We are all human.   Dr. McHale is very knowledgable and takes time to answer all of your questions and concerns. She's very professional and seems to love what she does.   The only issue is the wait time to see her personally. The 1st time,  I waited close to 3 hrs! The second time close to 1.5 hr. As a previous review mentioned, it's best to get an appt. right after lunch. However, to be fair - I've never been to a Dr. appt. where I didn't have to wait at the very least 1 hr, so this is no surprise.
3 Here's the thing - I love Dr. McHale, she is great. Takes the time to explain things, seems to genuinely care, and is competent. Hard to find here in Las Vegas.  One major "but" - I have never waited less than an hour after my appt time to see her. Sometimes almost 2 hours. This is obviously really inconvenient, and I've considered going elsewhere because of this reason only.
5 I am 21 weeks pregnant. I am very pleased with Dr. M so far. She is competent and smart. She really takes her time and her staff is very helpful, esp Betty.  They always make me feel so comfortable and I highly recommend her to anyone!
5 Dr. McHale is a lifesaver and a friend. I LOVE her and I will never go to another doctor again.
