4 A little oasis of pinoy/Filipino culture on the edge of town.   They have: fresh noodles, fresh vegetables, herbs, frozen meats, juices [Guayabano, Calamansi, Mogu Mogu, coconut juice, etc], spice packs, lumpia, shumai, BBQ chicken & pork skewers, sausages [frozen & dried], purses, beauty products & soaps, magazines, snacks [cookies, coconut fruit jellies, chips, peanuts]  and more. It's a small space but they pack a lot of items in, with much of the fish and meat available in opaque coolers. It's worth digging! A package of pork belly chunks for under $2 in this neighborhood is a nice find. They also have various types of Pinoy bbq that look awesome, but I have not tried yet. Their peanuts are great, though!      I admit, the vegetables sometimes have an off day. But it's not often, and what's available can be hard to find on this side of town! The selection of vegetables alone makes it worth going; lots of fresh herbs, bitter melon and various other yummies.  + Hello Panda cookies. The boy was very happy to find them on the shelves there. :} The little cookies have crisp outer shells with cute panda characters printed on them and creamy insides with various flavors. I've had them before and loved them.  + Coconut fruit jellies! Reminds me of shopping at a Korean grocery when I was really young and stocking up something like these :] They're juicy, chewy little jellies in portable cups. They  can be a little messy, but they're refreshing and fun! And really low in calories for a sweet treat, so it's a nice thing to pack in your work-day lunch for a little sweetness.    It's a useful little store in a shopping center with a circle K, Not as impressive as a store in china town, but it's a respectable little operation on this side of town!
4 It's a grocery store with all the filipino grocery items all packed into this tiny place.  Very clean, organized, and the place  didnt have any overpowering fishy aroma like other places Ive been to. The prices are a little higher though, but I still save $$ on gas an save time going to the places on Maryland. Glad I stumbled upon it since its closer to where I live. Good thing since I love halo halo I have a place to run to nearby that has all the ingredients for it!
4 small, but has lots of goodies. :)  I will be returning.
3 Not my first choice when it comes to asian markets but it is in my neighborhood and easy to get to for those on the east side/hendo side of town.  The store is small and when walking through with my hunny and child, it can be a little cramped.   However, what I do love about this place is that they definitely have what I need, when I need it. You will find your filipino staples here with absolutely no problem. So if you are in need of a few items to pick up, then this is definitely the place to go.  Also depending on the day, they have an assortment of warm/hot food to choose from. These have been surprisingly good.
3 Small, convenient, Filipino store on the east side of town!   Lots of ingredients, canned goods, fresh and frozen produce, snacks, and baked goods to choose from!   Fairly clean and organized, helpful and friendly staff!   They also have phone cards and offer a balikbayan (big box of goods to be sent to the PI) service!
