4 Big store with home improvement stuff. But there are also things for the yard, inside decorations, patio furniture and more. During the Holidays, there are beautiful decorations for any style of tree, theme, or decor you might like.   Prices now aren't too bad, but as we get closer to Christmas I am sure things will begin to change. I think there will be battle between many stores to get the public to spend with them this season, so check your ads!   In a pinch if you're out and about and need a quick trip to the lady's room, this store has them right up front, just inside, as compared to the other home improvement store, it's by lumber towards the back.   But if you are in the mood for some changes to your home, check out their lighting department. Good selection to choose from and I like the older, antique looking items but they have some with a more modern flare as well. We also like the selection of crown moldings at this store and the selection of flooring.
3 Large location but there never seems to be anyone working here. I've waited 15-30 minutes walking around a department before I find anyone which is a huge issue if I am in any type of rush or have no clue what I am looking for. It would be nice to have some help once in a while.
3 I usually dont need help in a home improvement store, good thing because only big box store with worse customer service than this is Best Buy. But other than that my only complaint is that they usually dont have what Im looking for if I really want to get serious. This is a great store for the casual home improvement.
4 I have been visiting this Lowe's a lot this Summer as we are doing a major upgrade to our Dad's backyard.   I will say that I do prefer Home Depot for paint. They just have a better selection and quality.   We got the material for the deck and porch and with many changes we made many trips back for more. The store is clean and well stocked. They do have self check out as a option.
4 I love lowes because it has products that are easy to assemble and are asthetically pleasing, but they do not have every single thing you need to tackle the big projects.
4 As far as home improvement mega stores go, you've got one of two choices. Lowe's kind of won out by default when they opened this location because it is much closer than HD.   That being said, I would probably drive past HD to get to Lowe's now. The customer service is always good in general and when I have specific questions I always seem to get an expert answer.   I have purchased many tools and appliances at Lowe's and have been impressed with the quality. We did experience a problem with delivery of the first appliance, but it was handled professionally and expeditiously.  I purchased a BBQ and all the materials to build the outdoor kitchen around it. They have an extensive variety of pool cleaning supplies and fencing material, which has made projects around the house convenient, saving trips around town.  My only complaint would be the Christmas stuff went up WAY too early.
4 I've gone here a few times and I absolutely hate the layout of the store, especially the plumbing section.  The upside is the guy in the tile and cabinet section. He is very helpful and knows his stuff. He gave me a ton of great info on counter tops, floors, and cabinets.   The other workers are nice too, but I haven't had much interaction with them.
4 I've been into succulents lately and just can't get enough of making terrariums and planting arrangements. In terms of the garden center, it's a little hit or miss as some of the succulents were a bit damaged from sunburn and overwatering. However the variety was decent and is cheaper than the other big box store - Home Depot for smaller plants and they also have a awesome variety pack of succulents that makes a great base for my projects.   In terms of everything else, they seem to be better than the Lowes a bit closer to my house. I've gotten much better help at this one on advice and even had a few items they've searched high and low for and called other stores for me to find it and have them hold it for me.   It seems there are fewer workers here so you may need to wander to find people, but I am OK with that if that means quality help.
4 I love going to Lowe's because it is clean and even though there are a lot of customers... it is quiet. The only thing I had a complaint about was there were barely any staff, actually this visit today there was none, to get any help from the whole floor. Other than that, Lowe's is awesome to just walk around in and plan your next home project.
