1 What a waste of time this place is!  Today, I moved all my stuff from my 2 bedroom apartment into a 5x10 storage unit. I ended up having alot of "stuff" I didn't need anymore that were in almost new condition ranging from toys, clothes, shoes, costumes and small house wares. I decided to go to Goodwill at this location because it was the only one I knew that had a drop off location. So i drove from the other side of town to this place to do a drop off. I figured, "They have a drop off box and all I have to do is drop off". Now, I have done drop offs plenty of times at numerous donation centers, but this particular place i have donated 2 times in the last 12 months. Today would've been the 3rd, but I get there, with my UHAUL, that's already late, that's eating up gas, at around 6pm, and this guy was sweeping outside the back doors. It was obvious he worked there because i had asked him if I can just drop off, he goes "Can't you see the drop box has been turned around because it's not working". So I asked him, "OK, well since you're here, can't I just take it inside?" , he replied," NO we closed at 530, you can drop it off at other locations though". I was like, #1, WTF are you doing that you can't just say, YES! drop it off right here and I'll take care of it? #2, I could've taken the stuff inside myself with no problem if he was just being lazy and hate his job, #3, I'm DONATING to the less fortunate, which they get for FREE, and turn around and SELL. Why won't he accept it?  Bottomline, I left that place with such disgust, and NEVER will  I EVER again donate at goodwill.. I ended up driving and doing a drop off at Big Brothers and Big Sisters drop off location on Craig and Ann.  I will never ever donate at this place ever again. . Goodwill you're lucky YELP has 1 star and I can't get lower than this, but you definitely don't even deserve 1 star.. just sayin..!
3 A-OK.  Shopping at a thrift store is definitely not beyond me.  In fact, it makes the penny-pincher in me very happy.  I'm occasionally surprised what I can find, but that has a lot more to due with luck.  It takes a little effort to visit at least occasionally to come across anything worth having.  Probably the best use of Goodwills are finding that awful costume for whatever themed party you're going to later.  Someone's trash is someone else's treasure.  This particular Goodwill is about mid-sized compared to others, so their selection varies accordingly.  I'd call this one only somewhat organized, but one really can't ask for more considering the merchandise they deal in.  It is fairly clean, but note that I didn't gander at their bathrooms or changing rooms.  I was also grateful that they're located in a convenient location.  So amongst my junk mail, I found a $5 coupon to this Goodwill.  What was awesome was that their was no minimum purchase associated with it, but there was no cash value if the purchase was less than $5.  I called it an excuse to go visit, and I guess I brought my luck along with the coupon this time.  After thoroughly perusing the whole shop, I came across my mark: a cherry-wood cigar box.  The exterior had some less than desirable scratches, but nothing major.  The cedar inside, on the other hand, was near pristine, and it still had a functioning hygrometer -- all for $15.  Now here comes the moral of the story: always haggle.  I made the innocent question at the counter if the price could be brought down any.  The lady said it was a recent addition item (they know via price-sticker color-coding), so they tend not to.  Yet she rang it up for $10 anyway.  I then presented my coupon, and she didn't give me even one bit of hassle for what I was doing.  Just the opposite in fact; she was quite courteous.  Cost me $5+tax in the end.  She didn't have to be that accommodating to me, but she was and I appreciate it.  That's the kind of customer service I remember and draws future visits.
3 I like this location. The store is always clean and they have a super friendly staff. I also love that they have great prices and my daughter loves that she can come in and not spend a ton of money and go home and make new crafts from what she buys. Overall, a great bargin.
