5 There is no other place I'd trust my bowling equipment with.  I had a ball drilled at a different pro shop and ended up hurting my arm because the pitch was so far off. Dotty, David, and their staff do a remarkable job. Not only do they offer great deals on new equipment, they offer high end used equipment at a great price.  I won't go anywhere else to purchase bowling equipment.
5 nadeau haynes have undoubtably the best "stand-alone" bowling pro shop in southern nevada, bar none.  david always takes his time and listens to what his clients want done or want to try with their bowling equipment.  very competitive equipment prices in town.  we won't shop @ any other bowling pro shop in ths community.  if you are looking to get started in bowling, for fun, bowling leagues or tournament activity, stop by nadeau haynes and get some advice, balls, shoes, bags or bowling gear.
5 VERY, VERY highly recommended business.  Took in a ball given to me as an anniversary present, to have it drilled. It's absolutely perfect. Service was impeccably professional, and the staff demonstrated substantial expertise. I've recommended Nadeau Haynes to all of my friends and family who bowl, and I will never go any other place for anything bowling related, ever again. A+, 5 stars, etc
5 While home for Christmas, my husband and I stopped into Nadeau Haynes Bowling supply with the intent of buying my husband a bowling ball. David was tremendously helpful and incredibly knowledgeable about all the merchandise they sell. You come in, describe your level of talent (pro, novice, hobbyist, etc) and how you like to throw the ball and David can find a really excellent ball for you and drill it on the spot, no less. We walked out with 1 brand new ball, 2 pairs of new shoes, 2 new bowling bags, and we're going to go back to pick up a used ball that is being re-drilled in a couple days. Even though we had only planned on buying a ball for one person, two of us walked out with whole packages. This is not because they tried to sell us on anything but because we really felt comfortable and liked the selection. The large selection of used balls was great for me-- the very casual player.   The shop has everything you can think of in terms of bowling supplies and gear and the owners are really cool and especially tolerant of my ignorant questions. Wish I was local to arrange for lessons but this is an excellent shop; we will certainly return whenever we're in town and looking for equipment.   Thanks so much for your help!
5 After buying a new ball (Hammer Arson) at a place that I won't mention or do business with again, I took the ball to Haynes and had it redrilled. The span had to be changed also. Billy took his time with me and came to understand what it was that I was looking for. First night after drilling I shot my highest series of the year. I've decided to get a new ball and purchased a Hammer Amp this morning AT HAYNES of course. I'll pick the ball up this afternoon and look forward to feeling comfortable in the ball from the first shot.
5 David is awesome,  really knows the art of listening to a customer's needs and drills the balls to work best. After being out of bowling for several years he listened to how I throw the ball and where I was bowling , he was able to pair me up with the right equipment did a great job first time drilling the balls to fit me properly,  did the same for mywife and her sister. He has earned our businesses for a lifetime he is very honest and great prices. Only person I will have do my drilling super nice person! Highly recommend him.
5 We have been going to David for all of our bowling balls and equipment for the last 6 years now. The knowledge and commitment that he and his staff give are truly second to none. He cares about every aspect of your game and will take his time and fit you perfectly for your game. We consistently pass out his business cards at the bowling alleys we go to here in Vegas as well as Arizona and California. We sing nothing but praises for a one of a kind pro shop and person. Thank you as always David!!!
5 They really know what they are talking about with years of experience they will get you what you need at a great price. David is the only one I would trust.
