5 This is the best orthodontics office ever. They have a mini arcade to keep the little ones occupied, Keurig coffee machine for you to make a hot drink, and a family movie playing in the waiting area. They also have Enter To Win prizes for their clients. This week its win tickets to see One Direction. The staff are so friendly here. My fiancé got his braces put on and a few hours after, we got a call from their office asking how he was doing and if we had any questions. I love that! Truly makes you know you are cared for beyond expectations.
5 My daughter got her braces off today and looks so beautiful! Dr. Truman and his entire team have been professional and friendly since the first appointment! The atmosphere is very welcoming for kids and also adults. I work for a general dentist and I now refer all of our patients to Dr. Truman.
5 Ever since I began my journey to a new, functional bite, Dr. Truman and his staff have made the process as painless and convenient as possible.  Even when I had to come in for several emergency appointments, the staff always accommodated me, even letting me come in the same day without an appointment.  I am confident that with Dr. Truman and my oral surgeon Dr. Johnson, I am in good hands.
5 I truly can say this is the first for me writing a review of this kind. Dr Truman and his staff is simply the best!  Knowledgable , kind & my Orthodomtic experience has been an awesome one. I had a very difficult orthodontic situation & Dr Truman kept me educated & took me thru this journey with patience & care. Now that my braces are off I can truly say this was such a positive , life changing experience. Truly, there is no better orthodontic doctor & staff in Las Vegas, or period :) !
5 From the start, the staff at Truman Orthodontics has been welcoming, thorough, and accommodating. We came to Dr. Truman based on recommendations from two friends whose children see Dr. Truman. This was after leaving an orthodontist whom we were with for one year, who happened to be close to retirement, and whom we felt did not do the work expected for our son. To our family, this meant one year of mediocre work that we paid for. After meeting with Dr. Truman, the experience was one-hundred fold better. Dr. Truman was able to give an excellent review of what was needed to complete our son's orthodontic situation.We felt comfortable that our son was in good hands. Dr. Truman was very professional and worked with us so that our son's work would be done in minimal time. The office is very open with payment plans, creating a warm and welcome environment, and making it fun for patients with a reward/point system. We give Truman Orthodontics 10 our of 5 stars! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5 Both of my son and I went to Dr Truman. He and his entire team have been professional and kind since the first appointment until our braces was off.We all love our new smile and can't be happier.Highly recommended!
5 I got my braces off today and I would like to say that they did an amazing job! I am very grateful for the amazing results and of course Dr. Truman and his staff. His team are great with what they do and I'm glad that we chose their office. I would highly recommend going to this place. I guarantee you that they will take good care of you, especially your teeth! :)
