5 Came in today because the lock on the end cap of Jason's new 2.0 broke. When we came in, they explained the defect in design and were happy to replace the product and even gave him a few 4th of July exclusive side plates. The customer service here has always been awesome that I've considered getting one myself and would have bought one last year if the key to my Lexus was more Keyport friendly.
5 WOW, just wow! I am super impressed with my new "toy." Holding six keys in one "keychain" has never been so exciting for me. I've never heard of Keyport up until a car friend brought it up and we made a trek to Keyport's HQ to see the products for ourselves.  Aimee and her team are amazing! So friendly, helpful, and more importantly patient. Had a bunch of questions and the process didn't seem too complicated once the keys were sorted out. I came in with a bundle of keys and I had to narrow it down to 6 keys worth porting.   I guess what impressed me even more was the fact that it was cheaper to get my car key duplicated here and ported than getting a duplicate one elsewhere. I was sold. It even came with custom side plates with my car club's name on it. How awesome is that? :)  Visit mykeyport.com and get ported!
5 I've been a supporter of Keyport since their first Kickstarter campaign and have always been impressed by their professionalism and customer service.  I've visited the HQ in the past and am actually the guy in the picture labeled "Happy Keyport customers!" (excuse the bedhead)  Most recently my Kickstarter 2.0 was a victim of the initial plastic defect, causing one of the locking tabs to break. I contacted Keyport last week with my issue and received my brand new replacement in the mail today.  I will always have a Keyport, not only because it is an amazing product but because of the company and employees that back their innovation are second-to-none.  Thanks Keyport!
5 I received my Keyport yesterday and I have to say I'm very glad I decided to finally pulled the trigger and got one. This gadget is genius and I can't believe I've waited so long to get it.   I remember hearing about this product years back when the version 1 came out. Planned on getting it, but for some reason never got around to buying one. Then about two weeks ago I saw an add for Keyport on a website and I started reading reviews and watching Youtube videos of how it all worked. All that research just fueled my interest and I bought it.  First impression was "wow that's smaller than I thought". Not only does this little thing look great, but it takes away the bulk, noise, and hassle of all the keys I carried around.   Aside from Keyport making such a great product on to their customer service. Bradley and Aimee are awesome. They answer your questions quickly via email/ticket, chat, and phone. I had a little issue regarding shipping and they both assured me everything would be fine with my order and it was.   If you don't already have one get one! You won't regret it.   On my Keyport: - Truck key - Fuel tank key - 2 house keys - lock box key - Keyport light blade
