1 What can I say or should I warn you about Tax Crisis Institute? My husband and I came to them because we were obviously having some issues with the IRS. In May of 2012 we gave them a $1000 cash deposit and made arrangements to make payments. Up until last week we assumed they were working diligently on our case and then we got a lovely letter from the IRS stating they were going to begin garnishing our wages. Dana & Angelique Ronald were suppose to put a stop to this almost a year ago. We of course contacted the IRS to find out what Dana & Angelique had done. They basically said no papers have been filed and absolutely no steps were taken to rectify our situation. The only thing the IRS had on file was that Tax Crisis Institute was representing us. (If you want to call it that) I of course was and am furious!! We have 4 children! One of which is a special needs child, a mortgage, bills, etc. we are a single income family who are on an extremely tight budget like most families in America so for this man to steal from us is more than just wrong. I of course called them as soon as I received the information from the IRS and spoke with Angelique about getting our money back she said she would talk to Daddy aka Dana Ronald.  Gave her 4 days didn't hear anything. I called and guess who actually got on the phone?!? Yep Mr. Ronald himself!! Mind you this was only the second time I've been able to speak to him as he would refuse to talk to me because he insisted that my husband was the primary client not me. I personally thought this was strange. I was good enough to walk in a grand and make payments and fill out hours and hours of paper work but I wasn't good enough to converse with when I just wanted to know what sort of progress was made? Highly suspicious..  Anyway he is on the phone I let him know who I am and right away his tone changed and would not let me speak. He has a great talent for talking over you when your trying to have a civil conversation. He ends up hanging up in me I of course call him back. This time I'm not so nice. Rightfully so, don't you think? A grown man who is suppose to be a professional hanging up on someone doesn't sit well with me. I yell at him and call him a thief because that's what he is he then tells me that he is going to send out my final bill! A bill?!? For what?!? That enrages me even more. So if you enjoy throwing away money, being talked down to and having to hire new attorneys because the ones you originally hired then Tax Crisis Institute is the place for you! They just use the little people's money to pay their BMW payments.
5 I love my dad, but he has never been the best with financial stuff and he's always had the uncanny ability to put his head in the sand, ostrich-style when it comes time to deal with this stuff.  When I found out that he was in trouble with the IRS, I knew that was no joke-- they threatened to take his paycheck, clean out his bank account, and seize his house (which is the only actual thing he has!).  I called Tax Crisis and Dana was great.  He got us in right away (I insisted on coming so I knew my dad would resolve it).  We met with Angelique and she was incredibly honest, straight forward, and didn't sugar coat the situation.  We knew this wasn't a small hole dad dug himself into, so it was nice to hear a professional give it to us straight, particularly after some of the other places we called promised us the moon.  Tax Crisis sorted out his issues for him with the professional and expediency you hope for when in these types of situations, plus Dana and Angelique were always there to take our calls and reassure us when we had any questions.  I definitely recommend TCI to everybody I know who's in deep with the IRS.  If they can straighten my dad out, they can help anybody!
5 This company deals with idiots who don't pay their taxes. I mean, look at their name? Who has a tax crisis? I was seeking a company that could help me make sure I was avoiding mistakes with my business, and not setting myself up for an audit. Turns out, their experience dealing with people who consider themselves victims and blame everyone else for their stupidity made them the perfect choice. They knew every dumb thing, every idiot client of theirs had ever tried or screwed up on and they helped me avoid a major issue that could have cost me a lot of money, from sheer ignorance.   Everyone on their staff, both in the Vegas and Bakersfield offices, were tremendously personable, polite, and generous with their time and expertise. I can't even explain in words how much of a relief it is to know that I don't have some little surprise visit from the IRS coming, because I just didn't understand the complicated tax code fully.
5 I am the owner of a network consulting and design company.  Several 2011 tax policy changes as well as an admittedly mismanaged tax structure led to severe IRS tax debt.  Tax Crisis Institute[TCI] managed to not only resolve all of our tax issues in a timely manner but were able to succinctly educate us on what we needed to do in the future to avoid tax issues and use existing tax policies to save money, hence the 5 star rating.    TCI was the first business we attempted to contact after researching several companies based on our needs.  On a personal note, I am very happy about choosing them first as I do believe our issues were simple but we would not have received the amount of service that was given by TCI.    We contacted the company and spoke with Angelique.  She was very pleasant and after our issue was explained, she explained the tax relief procedure and went through a thorough list of our options depending on what we wanted to do.  We spoke in great detail about what would be best for our needs and then after agreeing to use their services we set an appointment.  The office was very accessible with a friendly environment -- Angelique was also the representative who spoke with us in person.  She showed great care in her work, and a master's level of comprehension in all tax related fields.  The amount of professionalism, knowledge, and empathy shown was impressive and appreciated.    After several post-meeting correspondences we noticed this was a family business and this reassured us as to the reason we were experiencing so much extra care than would be normally be experienced in more corporate structures.    Overall, because of the timely manner in which our issues were resolved, as well as some vital advice given and extra care taken in our case, this potentially disastrous experience was actually pleasant.  In addition to my anecdotes it seems they are accustomed to dealing with high profile business-level clients, I would rate this business an excellent complete 5.
