3 Record City has been around in the Vegas Valley for years. They originally had 5 or 6 locations around the valley, but in recent years have been reduced to 3. That's 2 at Sahara/Paradise, and 1 at Charleston/Lamb. They previously had locations on Decatur and one on Las Vegas Blvd. (in the old Odyssey building), both of which have since closed.  Record City is one of the record stores remaining in Vegas that actually sells (vinyl) records. With so few places left that sell those, that's definitely a step up. They carry CDs, VHS tapes, DVDs, and memorabilia as well. There is a little bit of everything in here.  However, the stores themselves are quite cluttered, with narrow, messy aisles. Prices on merchandise are higher than I have seen at some other, similar shops. The staff service tends to be hit and miss - Joey at the Charleston store is far and above the most helpful employee I have dealt with in any one of their facilities.  Like many stores of its kind, they buy, sell, and trade. Most of the merchandise on hand is used, though they do have some new stuff as well. Every now and then, you can find some oddities and OOP/rare stuff in here. It isn't a great set of stores, but there are so few places in Vegas to shop for this sort of thing anymore.  I strongly recommend Zia over this place, but if you're in the neighborhood of one of their stores, why not swing in and check it out? You never now, you might find a hidden treasure.
4 Joey is a sweetheart. A true record store guy. Unpretentious, knowledgable, and knows when to hook it up with a deal. A record persons record store. And check in often as their stock is always changing.
4 Record city is a good, reasonably priced store that is worth a trip if you're in Las Vegas.  Joey, the manager is that rarest of breeds, the nice record store clerk. Having dealt with bad attitude for 30 years, he's a breath of fresh air. Completely the opposite of the idiot at Wax Trax on the other side of town who you should keep a very wide berth from.   Highly recommended.
4 Love this place... love Joey. Super cool dude, always polite. Small spot for vinyl but I always find a great gem.  Prices are VERY reasonable. I enjoy the atmosphere. You want a great place for records, this is your spot.
5 One of the best record stores that I have been to.  They offer good deals, and more importantly, they are hospitable.  It feels nice to go into a place a be treated like a person rather than a sale.  I strongly recommend this place to anyone looking for good vinyl.
5 Get your paws dirty and dig ya dog! Hands down favorite digging spot in Vegas! There is always great stuff in the rack but don't sleep on the random stacks and boxes. Prices are always proper and Joey is mad cool to chop it with. Woof
