3 Rose has been the place that me and the girls from the office go for a pedicure every month. It's been a fun ritual and I've been enjoying the pedicures. I think the best way I can describe/review this place is to do a pros/cons list.  Pros - 20 dollar Spa Pedicure - Usually not too busy during early lunchtimes or mid-afternoons. They get real busy at lunch and from 330 onwards - Family-owned business so that's always nice - They sanitize their instruments in some sort of UV warming thing - The nail technicians are good at what they do. The best of them all is the older gentleman who works there. He takes time massaging your feet and legs and has even been able to deal with one of my co-worker's ingrown toenail effectively  Cons - They could have more colors of nail polish. They have a passable selection but it's definitely lacking. I don't see some of the OPI colors I like in this selection - The older gentleman is amazing (as mentioned above) but the other nail technicians just don't measure up. I was there yesterday for a pedicure and got one of the other women technicians. She worked really fast on my pedicure (the man was massaging and working on the woman who was seated next to me and I was so jealous as he took a longer time and she seemed like she was in bliss). The woman working on me decided to hurry on my pedicure since there was a crowd of people coming in.   All in all, this place is nice enough and reasonable. I'd give it a 4.5 star if the man was doing my pedicure all the time but since it's seldom that I'm lucky like that, I end up with the "not-so-dedicated" technicians so it's probably a 3 star experience.
3 Clean nail salon, nice massage spa chair and in my hood.   I didn't like the girl that did my pedicure, even though it was a nice price for $20.  She was too soft and the foot massage was light as a feather. I need a real rub for my feet.   I would go back, but to another lady.
3 I definitely agree with the other reviews.  I went in today for a pedi and a brow wax.  I had one of the younger ladies doing my pedicure.  She had a super light touch and kind of seemed like she just didn't want to be there.    All in all, it was a pretty decent experience.  I am happy with my brow wax and got a super cheap pedicure.  I'd go back again, but in the hopes that I would get the guy to do my pedi.
5 Nicky is absolutely the best.  She's been doing my nails for almost 5 years and every time I leave happy.  Whether it be acrylics (she does them so perfectly...so thin and natural, i get compliments all the time) or gel manicures (for the rare times i take my falsies off) it's always perfect.  She always has the newest things...matte polish, gel polish, glitter powder, seashell powder, rhinestones, etc etc.     Also, Nicky does eyelash extensions.  The first time you get them, they takes about 1.5 hours for her to do the individual eyelash extensions.  They look so real and are nice and thick, because she puts them on in layers...just how your natural eyelashes grow in.  They look amazing, another thing I get complimented on regularly.  Every 4 weeks or so, you go back and she fills in the ones that have fallen out (which is natural as your own eyelashes shed).  So between the nails, the eyelashes, the pedicures, and the eyebrow waxing...I spend a lot of time here.  Even though my life and my work and everything else gets super busy and hectic, I always make time to come to Rose Nails.    In closing, I'd just like to say...Nicky's great at time management, always sees me on time, and ROSE NAILS is always very BUSY!  They do a great job.  I haven't walked into another nail salon in 5 years...because they're that good (okay maybe twice because I was out of town and the eyebrows were out of control...but that's it, just eyebrows).  Tip:  It's always good to make an appt. Tip:  Nicky is the best when it comes to your hands and eyelashes. Tip:  Pedicures from the guys are the best.  Good pressure, pleasant experience, very nice spa pedicure chairs.
4 20 dollars for a spa pedi - a great price!  the place itself is pretty nice.  doesn't have that strong nail salon smell that you'll find in some spots.  the folks working there were incredibly nice and went out of your way to make you feel comfortable.  they did a great job on the pedicure the little flowers they drew on my toes were a cute addition.  service with a smile - i recommend this place!
1 This place is so horrible I went in for a pedicure and the sink was dirty they were very rude seem like it was because of my race ... They never spoke the guy that started on my feet got mad because I tried to tell him how I wanted them done he then refuse my services ... I suggest you do not go to this nail shop
5 Not only is this shop clean, the family-oriented atmosphere is very comforting!  I always feel spoiled when I go there... and I refer everyone that's looking for a new spot to them!  I luv it here!...
4 This place is extremely clean. Family owned and operated. Their stainless steel pedicure tubs have a modern "edgyness" to the salon. This is the second time I went and both times I received outstanding customer service. They are very accomodating to everyone that walks through the door. They don't speak very good english, but they get by and offer great  service, which at this point should be all that matters when people are working on your hands and feet. They also offer "deluxe" pedi which includes additional services such as foot scrub and moisture mask. At the end of the pedicure they use a hot towel on your legs, which is a nice, relaxing touch to round up your service  They offer a wide variety of nail polish colors as well as about 30-40 gel polish colors.  The owners daughter offers eyelash extensions and waxing services.   For you gentlemen, there were quite a few regulars getting manicures while I was there. They knew them on a first name basis, which shows their level of customer service.
4 Every time I leave this nail salon, I'm super happy with my mani/pedi.  This place is super clean, nice salon, family owned and operated.  Parents are super nice, but I like the son or daughters to do my gel manicure.  Gel manicure and reg pedicure comes to $60, and I go every 3 weeks so that's not bad.  I live in LA and have a nail place in cali, but I prefer to wait to go to Rose nails. I even take my boyfriend and he gets a manicure w/buff for $15. I would def recommend to a friend.
2 I make an appointment everyime I go to the nail salon and every time I end up waiting 10-20 minutes with an appointment. Today I asked for a white gel to be painted over my tips and she didn't listen and just left the tip that was there. I told 2 people what I wanted and left there unsatisfied and with my nails looking ridiculous. Needless to say, I wil not be returning...................They are also a bit on the pricey side $$$$
4 I am new to this side of town so I have been keeping my eye out for a place to get a pedi. I took my boyfriend for his first pedicure and his technician  was gentle and nice. The staff was pleasant and engaged in small talk with us during the pedicure. The place was clean and the price was just right for the service. It also looked like they offered other services like waxing. I will return the next time my feet are in the mood for some pampering.  * I would have given 5 stars but the leg/foot massage was rather brief, I would estimate 2 minutes per leg. I am used to more like 4-5 minutes per leg.
4 Been here a few times. My daughter needed a manicure before graduation and they got her in and done in 15 minutes. I went in a few days ago for a pedicure and I am super happy with how my feet look. Got lots of compliments on my pedi. Will be going back later this morning for a gel manicure. Staff is always friendly.
3 Standard nail salon, nothing super outstanding.  They did charge me an extra $5 to shave the callouses off my feet, which I always need but have never been charged for before.  Thought that was a little strange.
5 Eyebrow waxing is probably the most necessary evil there is. I hate getting it done because I have 0 tolerance for pain. Hahah but I love how they do my eyebrows here! I've been coming to this place since one of my mom's coworkers recommended it to me. I've tried other salons and they do the best job in Vegas! I've been going here for about 3-4 years (maybe even longer since I dont recall when I started going here) and I probably won't ever go to anyone else!   They do get really busy sometimes so call ahead!
4 In need of a pedi and having to kill time to get my oil changed at JL... I walked in Rose Nail hoping to get a decent pedi.  If you're in the area and looking for a pedicure that won't broke your bank... rose is a good option.  No wait that day for me.  Decent pedicure matching the price point. Clean too!
2 Went to this place because it was  close to my grandmas house and it was a last minute thing before going out on the strip. I usually don't get my nails done so I thought to go all out and do acrylics. No special design or anything, just pink polish. everything was fine until the lady started filing down the acrylic...AND MY SKIN. When the first finger started bleeding a little she simply looked at it and moved onto the next. I was flinching the whole time, making little "ow!"s  along the way. my nails turned out ok, but I'd definitely not spend 30 bucks there again, not when I could easily get both acrylics AND gel for that much at a place in socal (they wanted 50 for acrylics with gel! Crazy) plus, I had little scabs on my pinkie fingers where she cut into my skin with the filer, and its no fun having sore fingers! Bottom line: maybe if they were a tad bit gentler and more cost efficient they would have gotten more than two stars.
5 Rose and family treat you like family.  If you make an appointment you sit right down.  Walk ins are accommodated in as time allows. They do not speak Vietnamese to each other like other salons.  You are welcomed with a smile.  I love the shape miss rose gives my eyebrows.  They are competitive priced. I have been visiting this establishment for three years.
5 I got a pedi here from Kim she did a good job. I made an appt based on the reviews I read and I'm glad I did it seemed to get pretty busy. $20 for a pedi, can't beat that! It's in the neighborhood so I'm sure I'll be going back.
5 Amazing! The customer service is exceptional... Love getting my pedicure done here. This place is not close to where I live but it's well worth the drive my feet look and feel wonderful every single time. The owners of this place are so friendly and welcoming. This is a must TRY =)
5 I have been coming here for 8 years. They treat me like family! It's a family owned business and very affordable!
4 Clean, friendly workers that speak very good English. That's always a plus at nail salons!!!
1 NEVER EVER EVER COMING BACK. I used to love this place. I decided to take my mom here for a mani-pedi spa for mother's day. A normal mani-pedi is $32. The lady told my mom to try gel for only $20 so my mom agreed. When it came to the end, her total was $60. Made no sense. I called to ask why we were charged so much and the guy said it was $30 for the mani and $20 for the pedi. Still didn't add up to $60. Liars! Never bringjng my business back here. Horrible. Go to Special Nails on Blue Diamond & Durango. $20 for a mani-pedi spa.
5 Great nail service & wonderful family owned nail salon. Everyone here is extremely friendly and you won't get a experience like that anywhere else.  A+++
4 Only place I trust with waxing my eyebrows. I just wish their waxing room was cleaner. It could use some updated paint and a good mop.
3 This review is only for eyebrow waxing.  Walked in on a Saturday afternoon and within 5 minutes I was taken to the back. No waiting. My normal eyebrow place is a 30 minute drive across town and there's always a one hour wait just for eyebrow waxing. This place is conveniently down the street from me.   I'm used to more plucking than waxing. Here I got a lot of waxing, almost no plucking. My eyebrows ended up much thinner than expected, not everyone can work with my brows, but I still took the risk. I was a bit disappointed at how thin they turned out. It's been almost a week and so far, not a hair in sight which is good. Pricing is reasonable, $10. If I'm ever in a jam again and need my eyebrows waxed stat, I'd most likely visit again. They do accept cards but want gratuity in cash.
5 I got a spa pedicure here, and the guy did a beautiful job and was very friendly! The color on my toes is beautiful and so far it has lasted several days without a problem.  He was very nice!!! I highly recommend this place!!! The treatment was so relaxing, and even at one point he massaged some lotion onto my legs!!!
5 Love Rose nails!  My mom my sister and I have been going to them for 9 years. They are great, my gel polish and pedicures always look amazing. Rose also does such a great job on my eyebrows! I would recommend this place to everyone on the southwest side of town!
