5 Soooo....I've never LIKED going to the eye doctor. Dr. Tran and her staff changed that! The girl who did the initial eye tests was so friendly and eased me into that machine that blows air into your eye that I USUALLY HATE WITH A PASSION, it wasn't even bad!! Then I got offered water until Dr. Tran came in. She was AMAZING!!! Super friendly, down to earth, and very knowledgeable. She taught me more about contacts, my eyes than I learned from all the years going to other doctors since I was 12! I highly recommend this place. (Military friendly also, accepts Tri-Care!!!) Won't go anywhere else. EVER.
5 This was a very nice experience. I felt comfortable going through all those eye exams and Dr Tran was very friendly. We had a little bit of conversation at the beginning about Europe and other languages. She was very helpful explaining the difference between different contact lenses and solutions. At the end I got a pair of contacts and a sample solution for free.
5 Excellent experience!  Dr Tran and her entire staff were courteous, professional and a joy to be around.
5 without a doubt a great experience!  Dr. Chow and Dr. Tran are very professional and personal.  They have a great selection too!  I will never go anywhere else!
5 Dr. Tran is the most wonderful person, very profession and dedicated to her patients. After I found Dr. Tran, I wouldn't think of getting my eyes treated by anyone else. She is very knowledgable.
5 Seriously one of the best staff ever. Everyone I delt with was awesome. I highly recommend this place should you need your eyes done.  They have an awesome selection of frames as well!
3 This place is great! Love the Dr.'s and Staff too! Unfortunately, when I asked for my PD (pupillary distance) from them so I could order my glasses from Warby Parker, they refused. They said if I ordered my glasses through them, it would be no problem, but since I wanted to order from another company, they couldn't give me that info.    It is too bad that one little thing will ruin a relationship with a customer.  They get near sighted into looking at the immediate worth of a customer and not look at the lifetime value of one. Especially someone who has a young family and has already referred customers to them.   I wish them luck in the future and hope this helps shape how they look at their customers in the future.
