5 I've nearly fallen asleep at libraries before, pouring over books.  I needed a quick pick me up to get back to it, but most libraries prohibit food.  Thank goodness for the Author's Cafe!  I have never seen a cafe within a library, nor have I ever eaten anything in one until I visited the Paseo Verde Library.  The Author's cafe is equipped with a variety of food, snacks, beverages and sweets - enough options to provide their patrons some sustenance.  Think of it like comfort after-school snacks.  Their prices are just right - not too cheap, but not expensive either.   Pepperoni pizza bagel is $3, three giant cookies for $2 and blended drinks are $3 - 5  - there's so much more there too, like sandwiches, muffins, quesadilla, etc   Their blended coffees and smoothies are as good as any I've had. Service has always been excellent and friendly!  I definitely suggest visiting the cafe next time you're at the Paseo Verde Library.
5 Good selection of sandwiches granola bars, candies, beverages.  This is the only place in the city of Henderson and Las Vegas where you can grab a cup of coffee and sandwich and have free access of the library without having to step out and drive.  Staff that work there are friendly and very assertive. You can eat inside the coffee shop or eat at the patio or inside the library.
5 This place is awesome, where can you get a cup of joe (coffee), snack, sandwich and eat inside a public library or inside this shop while enjoying your favorite book or any leisure activity (chess players wink wink!!).  The staff is awesome (since I know the current owner).  This place is a must see!!!   Sad note: If Sam is reading this (current owner), I like to thank you for many wonderful years you have served this community, we will greatly miss you.   Happy note: In the next few months, change of ownership will take place but the brand will stay the same with a few changes in menu which I personally can't wait to see and taste for myself.  For frequent customers, please give a warm welcome to the owner(s) as they take this fine establishment a step forward.
