5 AY ya ya ya yaaaaa!!  I LOVE THIS PLACE! I'm totally used to the whole Mexican owned mechanics since my dad was always at them haha. I cam here for a full sized tire since I was rolling on a donut. The guy was pretty busy but got to us quickly and helped me. He got my tire size and found me a nearly new tire!!  I paid 30$ for the tire and labor!! HELLA CHEAP! The guys are totally nice as well! I forgot my keys on the table and he ran and got them : )  There was a lady there who said she drives 45 mins just to get her truck worked on, that she'll NEVER go anywhere else!   The place is a typical mechanics/tire place, smells like oil and all that!! Go here for an awesome deal and great customer service!!
5 I love this place. They are open 24 hours. Any used tire is $35. In and out in less than 30 minutes. They only take cash. I found this little gem when I got a flat tire at 10:30 PM on a Saturday night in Vegas!
5 I used them for a tire repair after one of the big-name places refused to fix a puncture because it was supposedly too close to the side of the tire.  It was practically a brand new tire and I didn't want to have to buy a new one already.  So, I plugged it myself and drove on it for a year (so I'm pretty sure the tire's not going to blow out).  The recommendation not to repair comes from the US rubber manufacturer's specifications (i.e., run by the people who make and sell tires), not from a safety agency, and that's why the big guys didn't want to fix it - they'd rather sell tires than fix old ones!  Making the specifications extra-stringent only benefits them.  I learned that in England tire repair specifications are written by a safety agency, not the people who sell tires, and my repair would have been considered safe to do there.    Anyway, the plug wasn't a perfect fix - it really needed a patch - and after getting frustrated with dealing with a slow leak and having to pump up that tire every few days, I came to Llantera El Rancho.  They fixed it for me quickly, inexpensively, and with a smile.  I will probably buy new tires when I next need to replace mine, but this will definitely be my go-to place for tire repairs.
2 Mechanics made my car worse when doing an alignment. Got my money back from Patricio, but mechanics tried to rip me off.
