2 I got the referral from my neighbor. I had no problems making an appointment for assessing my broken roof tiles.   They were quick, and called before they arrived, and they arrived on time.  That part I liked.  The guy did his assessment and said I would get an email for the estimate.   I asked him about how much was he thinking.  He said estimates are based on the neighborhood.    That seemed odd to me.   The same tiled house in the SW cost different than a job in the NW?  Questionable in my opinion.   4 days later I still don't have the estimate.   I called them and after 7 minutes on hold with no one coming back to the line I hung up.    I guess they don't want the job.  I don't like having my time wasted, and having to be home so a guy can look at my roof without follow up is a waste of my time.
5 I am born and raised in Las Vegas and I work in property management. I have used several roofing companies over the years and have not found a better roofer than Titan Roofing. I have used them for several different properties.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable they are always willing to take the time and answer your questions. The bids are very detailed and they provide photos before and after. The pricing is very comparable to other companies but the service by far is better. Once the job is complete the area is always left clean and debris free. I have recommend Titan Roofing to all my friends, family and colleagues.
5 I am born and raised in Las Vegas and I work in property management. I have used several roofing companies over the years and have not found a better roofer than Titan Roofing. I have used them for several different properties.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable they are always willing to take the time and answer your questions. The bids are very detailed and they provide photos before and after. The pricing is very comparable to other companies but the service by far is better. Once the job is complete the area is always left clean and debris free. I have recommend Titan Roofing to all my friends, family and colleagues.
4 A strong rain storm caused me to call Titan roofing since water was leaking in our house.  They sent a estimator out immediately who took lots of pictures.  They emailed me the pictures and an explanation. This was helpful since I could actually see what they suggested needed to be done to fix the leak.  I scheduled an appointment at my convenience.  The roofing team showed up right on time and worked continually until the job was complete.  Weeks later a palm branch fell and cracked a tile. They sent out David (extremely friendly and helpful) to replace the tile.  We have not had any rain since the new roof, but it is guaranteed and I was told to call if any problems occur.  I am not anticipating any issues.  The office staff, roofers, David and the estimator were friendly and knowledgeable
1 Missed my scheduled window all together.  When I called to inquire about it I was told that I was never even on the schedule...even though they called to confirm.  I rescheduled and the estimator did not show up again the following day.  When I called to see what was going on...he replied, "I totally spaced it, I'm on my way!"  He was very apologetic and took pictures for estimate.  My HOA was covering the cost as I only own the airspace... I assume it was fixed as I heard them on the roof and saw a Titan truck out front.  Fast forward 2 months and another storm....roof is still  leaking in the same exact spot.  This time I had to remove the soaked roof tiles and let it drip into a trash bin because it was 5x as bad.  Now I have to go through HOA again and have them come out for a warranty "estimate"...praying it doesn't rain it the meantime.
