1 Not impressed...not even happy.   My gal pal and I did a day of beauty, got our hair colored and decided to doll up and do our nails as well.   This nail salon is by her house so we thought would give it a shot.   I got basic acrylic nails done, was feeling Vampy so went with long and cherry red. The Co-owner (husband) worked on my nails.   This could very well be the worst nail job I have ever had in my years of Vamping beauty. He did a sloppy job attaching the nails, super glue all over my hands...bad. The polish job was sad, after he sloppily polished my nails he then spent 10 minutes cleaning off the polish residue from the sides of my fingers with a brush and nail polish remover. I could have done a better job using my left hand!   He has no business doing nails. This to me is just cheap, for the sake of not having to pay an additional employee. This will cost him business which will be a lot more than what he would pay a skilled nail technician.  Sure you may have customer's come in for the first time, but what if they don't return? Then what? There is a nail shop on every corner, why would I return to a place that does a crappy job? I won't!  He bragged of being a proud family business, that means nothing if you have unskilled family members working. He even had his 14 year old daughter working doing pedicures. That is just not professional to me. CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP.  My friend had her nails done by his Wife, I have to say she did a kick ass job on her nails! My friend got the pink and white solar nails. Awesome! They look stunning!   A turn off is that I did notice the lady doing pedicures used the same foot scrubber on two different customers. Not once did I see any cleaning or sterilization being done between customer's! NOOOOOOOOOOO! Bad Bad Bad.   The place could have been a lot cleaner, luckily for them the health department did not swing by and do an inspection as it would not have been good!   If you go here...AVOID pedicures and ONLY have the Co-owner (Wife) work on your nails. The Husband is not skilled in acrylics!   You have been warned.
2 not good service.. not bad service.. just service.. and hardly any nail polish...:(
1 Came in and they kept going on and on how the nail shop was a family business. So I thought ok you know what they seem nice I'll try this place out. Well let me tell you it was a bad decision coming in! What a waste of money! The husband/father started my pedicure then the daughter finished by applying the polish. The pedicure was ok nothing to brag about. Reason why I gave one star was because of the price and how horrible they did on my manicure! The wife was convincing me to get a gel French manicure of some sort since it would last longer than 2 weeks. Well that was a complete lie, more like two days! Instead of spending time on nails she rushed the job and told me to come back since she was in a hurry. Who does that?! paid 55 dollars and that was a complete waste! DO NOT COME HERE! I won't be coming back anytime soon that's for sure!
5 Today I went to Lisa at Just Nails and had a pedicure and a complete set of nails put on for a dinner/dance Sat. night.  She took lots of time with me and my toes and fingernails look awesome.  I had her put color on my toes and a French Manicure on my fingers.  She really took her time and I appreciate the special touches that she does.  I have NEVER had a problem with my nails lifting like I used to in other salons.  I will be back in 2 weeks for fills and know it will be another great experience.
1 Not coming back. Not appreciative, couldn't wait to rush me out. Did a terrible job. Quickly.
4 To be honest, I'm not loyal to any one salon. I tend to go to the one that I'm closest to. This is one, that if I'm in the neighborhood I will go in. The last time I was here was probably last summer. I've been here several times over the years and have always gotten great service.   It is a mom/dad/daughter. I've been to "fancier" nail salons, but only once. I never feel welcome. Had I read the reviews prior, i probably wouldn't have.  I always feel welcome when I walk in the door. At other salons I feel uncomfortable, like I'm interrupting them.   I don't mind having different people work on me. I figure they are working to their strengths.   I listen to them interact with other clientele and notice the same treatment.     The chairs are older, but I don't mind that.   It's a very comfortable place.
1 No Rating!  Terrible job, nails polish came off my toes the next day.  Came back to have  Lui re-polish, she was not very happy to see me and made me wait 20 minutes.  Lui re used the foam toe separator!  Will never go back, very dirty my right toe is infected!
5 5 Stars-what needed to get done was completed in a timely and efficient manner.  The thing is, one can not simply fathom the reviews of those whom actually go to nail salons. At any point in ones life where one decides a nail salon is an option, is the point where one should deeply consider killing themselves.  First of all, let's talk about how ugly 90% of these reviewers are. In the real world, ugly people don't get to have opinions, so why do they here?  Second of all
