5 What a fantastic way to enjoy scenic Saguaro Lake, one of the Valley's hidden gems, in the outskirts of Mesa less than an hour from central Phoenix . The lake itself is a lot bigger than it would seem when you view it from the marina area, because of the curves of the canyon it passes through - a fact that you'll get to appreciate when you take the boat tour. Parking is free at the Saguaro Lake Marina's parking lot, so this allows you to admire and enjoy the beauty of the Tonto National Forest without having to buy the Tonto pass. The boat has a climate-controlled lower deck with tables, seats, and a snack bar; the upper deck offers a more open-air experience. My friend and I enjoyed great vistas with spectacular rock formations, abundant Sonoran desert vegetation, and diverse fauna including many aquatic birds, all explained with a touch of humor by the captain during the narrated tour. This is truly one of the best ways in the Valley to relax and enjoy nature in the Sonoran Desert ... and since you're doing it on a large boat on a lake,  it is also one of the most unique ways.
5 It was such a great experience. The temperature is 10 degrees cooler than Phoenix. Beautiful scenery and friend staff.  Highly recommended.
2 It sounded like fun but fell a little short of expectations. Living social sponsored the cruise. $60 a person. They had lots of friendly staff on hand to check everyone in.  We heard the boat was air condioned but noticed only the bottom half of this double decker was sealed in for such. Just like Titanic, we knew only half the passengers were going to make it. So we got as close to the front of the line as possible. We made it inside and grabbed a couple seats. The poor people opposite us had seats but couldn't sit down because plastic stacking chairs were stored there. They shouldn't use precious AC space for storage! Soon after we shoved off they opened the front doors and hot, 107 degree air blasted through the cabin. Everyone was complaining but the crew said they had to circulate fresh air through because of the sterno candles used to keep the buffet food warm. There was nothing fresh about that air!  We had punch cards, wrist bands, and tickets for drinks and food control. God forbid someone got an extra cup of soda. The food was good but not $60 a person good.  The lake and scenery was beautiful.  After dinner was music from a steel drum band and dancing. But it was only one guy on one steel drum playing with a cassette. And I don't know where there was a dance floor because it was packed like sardines. I think there was 4 square feet total. Anywho, It killed a couple hours and was an experience when you'r sick of the dry desert. You can try it if you're bored and don't mind parting with your money. I passed someone dismbarking and they asked if it was worth it. I said, "Meh. I've had better."
5 This was so much fun. I bought a groupon as I know how much my dad likes to be on the water, so what better way to show him parts of AZ. Who knew we had water lol.  The tour was gorgeous albeit chilly if you were sitting outside, but so worth it. The Captain did a great job of giving us the history if the surrounding area. I will definitly bring my mom here when she visits in the spring.
5 Had a nice time on the lake.  The Captain was engaging and fun.Will recommend
2 My wife bought a Groupon last week for an afternoon cruise on the Desert Belle. Now look, I'm a fan of small, family operated businesses, and I have no interest in slamming anyone without a good reason. But this so-called "cruise" was the most boring two hours I've spent all year. There's nothing particularly scenic about Saguaro Lake, sorry. I couldn't believe the people taking pictures right and left -- you can see far better mountain scenery driving up to Globe. Then there were the lame efforts to sell a music CD or, later, a CD of photographs taken along the shoreline. Give me a break. So I'm not recommending this cruise except for the elderly, blind or infirm. Even they might have a hard time staying awake.
4 The late cruise is a must see!!  I recommend sailing with the entertainment.
5 Sunset cruise with entertainment! Great way to spend date nite :)
4 Definitely a great idea if you have family or friends visiting and want to show them some of the more beautiful aspects of this state!  My dad was visiting for his birthday, and being from Wisconsin, we both love the water, so without easy access to another lake (read: no boat), I decided to take him on a relaxing desert cruise.  The captain was very informative and answered everyone's questions, including what kinds of fish were in the lake.  The views were gorgeous, especially at the end when you can see the Four Peaks shimmering in the distance.  We saw a few hawks and eagles, learned about the local vegetation (including a really cool clubbed saguaro), found out when the fishing season was and enjoyed some great local beers (Four Peaks) on the boat.  The inside of the boat is climate controlled, the front gets filled up very quickly, and while the top deck is well-shaded, the end seats can get pretty hot in the warmer months.  The breeze was lovely and all of the staff were attentive and friendly.    Granted, it's not the most scenic or exciting thing in the world, but if you appreciate local tidbits, a calm atmosphere, and spending time on the water, you might want to check it out.  (Sidenote:  They do have handicap accommodations, including a ramp to the boat deck, for what it's worth)
3 We went for my Wife's birthday.  We arrived at around 5:10 PM, and boarded at 5:30 PM.  There was one family and one single in front of us.  We purchased the priority boarding tickets.  And then a tour group of about twenty came by at 5:28 PM, and the tour leader announced to everyone that the tour group would be boarding first.  So much for priority boarding.  Although, the tour group was a bunch of old people who all sat on the lower deck and we were the first group to find the stairs to the top deck.  The boat filled up before we departed at around 6:00 PM.  Everything went according to schedule.  I purchased my wife and I some lime margaritas, which came in this Capri Sun like drink containers and consisted of lime syrup, ice, and alcohol.  My wife didn't finish hers, and one was all I could handle.  The drink menu is rather limited and you can't bring your own.  The food menu at the restaurant and on the boat is also rather limited and you can't bring your own.   Venture on the summer tour at your own risk.  It was tolerably hot with direct sun most of the voyage.  The band was nice, and much preferred to narration.
4 I came to know this place through Groupon. I thought i would give a try. After my trip i felt like i found one more nice place to show my friends visiting  phoenix.  Here are my comments:  Pros: Decent Cruise, Flexible cruise times, closest getaway from phoenix with friends, friendly staff, Informative tour guide(I didn't listen much to him though ;)).  Cons: they only accept cash for snacks and beverages.
5 We've been here for 20 years and this was our first trip out to Saguaro Lake. Seriously, what is wrong with us? It is absolutely gorgeous out there and the Desert Belle Cruise last Saturday evening was beautiful. The sun was setting, the lake was calm, and the piano player was magical. I don't know his name but his music truly made the trip. I cannot wait to bring friends and family down here for another round sometime soon. Lovely, simply lovely. Oh, and make reservations - it was packed.
