5 VIP Golf handled our logistics for our 1st day's golf as well as transport to and from on Day 1 and also on Day 2 to Cascata where we had already pre-booked through our hotel.   A: Top flight golf course for our 1st day Thursday, we already had our Friday & Saturday courses booked. He recommended a semi private club Dragon Ridge CC as our first round.  B: Transportation to and from the Golf Course on Thursday as well as Friday. 8 Guys with Golf bags and Paul suggested a 13 Passenger Cadillac Stretch Escalade that would handle our transport.  Transport pick up as advertised 9:30AM Scheduled pick up Carlitos our driver was early.  Stretch very accommodating and off we went to Dragon Ridge CC (see separate yelp review)  Great course nice facility.  Pick up on time also no issues.  2nd Day Carlitos was back to take us to Cascata (See separate yelp review) and our pick up was also without incident.  Each member of my group was able to give their own credit cards to the company and charge was broken up equally amongst our 8 guys. We were billed approximately 48 hours before our scheduled tee time and there were no issues whatsoever.  Legitimate company that I'd recommend. Already spoke to them regarding Golf & Transport in October to get some ideas for our next set of courses.
1 Called today to book a certificate for my folks and was treated very poorly by the owner or possibly sales person. When I politely asked what sort of deals they had he was condescending and even raised his voice. Very silly. I booked straight through the Siena Golf Course directly instead- they were pleasant, clear and treated me like a valued customer. Will not be using or recommending VIP golf.
1 I just called (1/16) and enquired about getting some clubs on the Monday after Superbowl and the genleman I talked to was treating me like I was an annoying coupon wielding mongrel. I told him about my plans and that I would like to get any set of clubs that had a 1" extention and he rambled on about something and stated that he did not have anything available for that day....and was silent. It was awkward, did not know whether he had any other options so I just sat on the line. I think they do bookings too which is weird because I made it clear that I needed to book my times at Bali Hai and he said nothing about it, clearly did not want to service me. Ironic they are called VIP Golf Services because he made it clear I was very unimportant.   Bradley
5 As a Golf Professional I was probably hard to deal with as I've always been the one to set everything up for my members or my personal group for the past 20 + years but for what ever reason I decided this year I'd try something different. I chose VIP Golf Services and it was a home run because every thing worked like clock work from the great courses,tee times and rental clubs. Life was so much easier for me so all I had to do is be one of the gang and enjoy Vegas. The driver would pick us up and deliver to the golf course and everything was taken care of - what a difference. After golf the driver was there waiting to take us back to the craps table. Best trip ever and I've been doing this Vegas trip for ever. On thing is for sure I'll be using VIP Golf any time I travel to Vegas.  If you ever get back east I'd love to treat you to some great golf at my place. Jim M - Director of Land Construction Development
