3 = = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =   Mike C & I dropped in to give this CiCi's a try for lunch today.  After being greeted by Ms. Super Perky, I enjoyed a bowl of their soup, Chicken Amori today.  (Competitors Peter Piper, Pizza Hut, & Pepi's haven't had soup at all when I've been there!)  Then it was on to salad.  I took some, & then handed my bowl off to Ms. Perky, who added olives, tomatoes, sliced Greek Peppers, onions, & a little more dressing.  It was good.  After that, there was a pasta dish, garlic cheese bread, & lots of different kinds of pizza to choose from.  This isn't great pizza by any means, but it's ok, the price is amazingly low, & the restaurant is clean & comfortable.  It beats Peter Piper & Pepi's, comes in a tic below Pizza Hut Buffet in taste but offers much more variety, & isn't as good as "The Pizza Buffet", up on Bell Rd., king of all cheapo pizza places!  Lunch or Dinner Buffet $3.99 through the end of February, to celebrate their 25th Anniversary.  After that, it's $4.99.
3 I usually don't like these cheap pizza buffets but this one was not to bad.I started with a salad and then had a bowl of chicken soup the soup was two star but the salad made three.Then it was on to the pasta and sauce not much taste there but the garlic bread was very good.Next in line was the pizza,well it was cheap pizza but there was lots of different ones to choose from and they were not to bad' after trying about ten different pizza's it was on to the sweets.they had an apple crumble pizza and cinnamon rolls that were good i also had a brownie that was way down there on the star count but still edible. I left there quite full and for 3.99 it was well worth it.
1 The good: The price. $4.99 for all you can eat  The Bad: Everythig else. The food pretty much sucks. Its edible but the ingredients are cheap. The majority of the customers are SUPER trashy and there are kids running around everywhere. I guess thats what to expect at a cheap all you can eat buffet!  Overall: Avoid this place at all costs unless you are on welfare, are a bum, are missing more teeth than you have, or have no tastebuds
1 After months of watching these CiCi's commercials for pizza for under $5 a person I had to investigate for myself. I had been mislead before with the promise of cheap yet good tasting pizza (anyone remember eatza pizza)? Back when I was a kid there was one day out of the month that I looked forward to when it came to the school lunch, and that was pizza day! Sure it was nothing more than the kind that your mom bought and tossed into the microwave when she did not feel like cooking, but to you it was still pizza LOL. Now as an adult I have learned the difference between that and what real pizza is.  An all you can eat pizza buffet how can that be a bad thing right? Well in this case it can be really, really, bad trust me!! Let's start with the concept. For $4.99 you gain access to salad, pasta, and of course pizza. Except the pasta looks old and flavorless, the salad taste like it has been sitting out to long and the pizza........ well it taste horrible.   They claim to offer over 10 types of pizza yet all I saw was three pepperoni and two cheese pizzas. They did finally make a sausage pizza when someone asked for it but  with so many people there it was gone in 60 seconds (eat your heart out Nick Cage Lol) and it took about 15-20 minutes for them to put out another one! The pasta looked bad but I gave it a shot (big mistake). It tasted like someone just overcooked a box of pasta and threw in a jar of Ragu and some left over chicken and cheese.  Just so you don't think that all I plan to do is bash this place I will say that the tea was really good. But it was nestea so is it fair to give them credit for something they do not make? Sure....... humm I guess LOL. To be fair what does one really expect to get when they spend only $4.99? Good food that does not give you stomach pains the rest of the night? Pride in the products you offer? I don't even know anymore LOL.   I guess I will do what my grandma's friend used to and lower my expectations. For some this is good food at a price they can afford. But speaking as a person with taste buds I will have to say thanks but no thanks.  Good pizza for under $5.00? not here  Case closed
3 I'm always willing to try something on the cheap ... had two coupons for free kids meals and thought, why not.  We had a Cici's back home and that place was always hoppin', clean, great pizza, and good memories.  I loved the "WELCOME TO CICI'S!" walking in the door ... fast forward 10 years, 2 kids, and a move to AZ and whaddyaknow, Cici's opens a few joints here and there.  Took a while to visit because ... well ... it's in Mesa and I'm not that bid a fan of Mesa.  (reverse a bit because I have coupons - oh the incentive).  While it isn't the fond memories of my newlywedded youth, it was exactly what I paid for.  I couldn't spend that much money anywhere and not get a salad, soup, pizza for days, and dessert.  Nick on the TVs kept the young monkeys distracted while they mindlessly chewed.  I enjoyed the white spinach pizza the most ... and the cinnamon rolls are almost enough to make me go from satisified to oh-dear-Heaven-I'm-miserable.  The bad ... I'm always in for a good people watch and the clientele of Cici's is about what you would expect for the area.  My particular table had a slight "lean" to it ... probably from the area people sitting on it.  That's all I'm gonna say.
4 Why 4 stars? Because I think most folks are grading this against top notch pizza, or regular restaurants so I'm judging them within their weight class :) that being cheap all-you-can-eat buffets.  I'm from California and I've been taunted by the CiCi's commercials on national TV for years now, so finally being in Tempe visiting my girlfriend's sister, I swung by when I was shopping on the 24th of December.  Let's not beat around the bush... you come into CiCi's for the price and relative quality... and now having been, I can say that their variety is better than Round Table buffet's, and frankly it spanks the pizza at other buffets (where it's usually an after thought to appease the kids). Would I eat it again, ABSOLUTELY! Heck, if I could figure out how to finance it, I'd open a chain of them in California!  When I was there I tried at least 10 different pizzas (some so-so, some good, some better than average, but that's more personal taste than anything), their Rustica soup (which I enjoyed) and one of the two salads offered (also decent).  In short, it exceeded what I was expecting and I would definitely go again if I'm in town. Come on folks... answer these questions for yourself...  1. How many under $8 all-you-can-eat places are there? (that includes drink and tax :) 2. How many are stellar? 3. How many are *hitty?  CiCi's on Gilbert Road fits in answer #1 but neither #2 or #3. Mangia!
3 Yep, mom dragged me here. When we go out with all the sibs and their 500 kids, you have to have value for mass quantities of food. It's just that simple.  The food is crap. Absolute garbage. The same 8 ingredients are used to make 24-ish different pizzas, make up the pastas, make up the salad bar, make up the desserts. I will give them ingenuity points for the fantastic use of inventory on this one.   The thing I notice is how, and sorry to state the glaringly obvious (I just believe in calling a spade a spade), there a ton of obese people in this joint. Families of fatties. So the same crowd that stocks up on 77 cent cans of Chef Boy-r-dee, and 12 for 1 ramen specials at the supermarket are here en masse.  I did bump this rating to a 3 star based on SUPERIOR customer service. This place kicked tail on making their customers feel entertained and served. Everyone is greeted upon entry and shouted a thank you on exiting. That is cool to see for basically the K-Mart of pizza places. It would be so easy for this place to be just a cheap eats no frills eatery, but having the people in place to make it an experience was a pleasant thing to see.
5 My friend and I have frequented this buffet-style pizza place many times in the past. The staff are friendly, the pizza is made to order- hot and fresh- plus they have salad, pasta, cinnamon buns and brownies. You can eat a meal with a drink for under $7.00. And you can go back for seconds til you are ready to burst! It is sometimes noisy since it's a popular place for families with young children. They have a game room for the kids and t.v.as well. It's not fancy- just a good meal for an amazing price. I don't think they have delivery- but you can order carry out.
3 Well, what can you expect for the $5 buffet right?   I like the buffalo chicken pizza and the ham and cheese.. bacon salad was Ok, Italian not so great!   Desserts... I like the bavarian cream and cinnamon rolls were OK ... service sucks... cashiers are mostly teenagers with an attitude like "whatever"  Pasta..was bland!  straight out of a jar.  So, I would go back just because who doesn't enjoy lots of bread and salad?  the kids do!   ha ha
3 Well, as someone else said, you have to judge it in it's own class. Compare to places like Chuck E cheese or Peter Piper.  The pizza is better, in my opinion than those places and I enjoyed the variety. If you don't see what you want, you can place a special order. They will even ask you how many slices you want & bring it to you to make sure you get it & it doesn't disappear by the time you go back up (for bigger parties they'll bring you the whole thing)  It isn't as loud & over stimulating as other kids pizza joints, but there are two TVs set to kids channels and a small arcade room in the back.    I did only give them 3 stars because for a place that caters to kids & families so strongly (the kids tv, the arcade, kids under 3 eat free)  they didn't offer an actual kids cup (with a lid that fits on)  So after the girl strongly encouraged me to purchase a drink for my 2 yr old, saying they had lids, I was handed a smaller sized "for here" restaurant cup with a "to go" lid that happened to somewhat fit. When she tipped the cup slightly to drink from it, it literally spilled all over her.  I went to ask for a real kids cup, but that was all they could offer me. Putting a second lid on secured it a little better, but still not great. How do you have a kids restaurant without kids cups? Even nicer places that just have a kids menu carry special cups with secure lids to give small children.  Also, in the arcade, instead of having real carpet, or even real solid mats, there was just a thin clothlike sheet that posed more of a trip hazard than anything.    Overall- Yes, I would go there again, but I wouldn't pay for a kids drink that is just going to end up all over my kid, and keep a close eye on them in the arcade so they don't fall on their face.
1 Worst pizza chain EVER!  We went here not by choice but for a fund raiser. Otherwise I would never have eaten here. Don't let the commercials for this chain fool you, the food is the worst! The only two redeeming values of this place were the nice employees and the brownies. The salad bar had a lot to be desired. Two large metal bowls with cut up lettuce and dressing on them. I wound up having three or four plates since it was the only decent thing to eat. The pasta was the most disgusting institutional food I have ever eaten. It came from a can and it tasted like it. One bite was enough. I spit it out. There are many different styles of pizza displayed for you to choose, but don't waste your time eating them. They are extremely thin and chewy! No flavor and very cheap ingredients. I had the cheese only and I gave up on it after two slices. Don't waste your money here. If you want good pizza, go to NYPD Pizza, Streets of New York or one of the other classic style, high quality pizza places. Always keep in mind that if it has "buffet" anywhere in the name, it probably sucks!
1 This was, without a doubt, the nastiest pizza I have ever had in my life, thin cardboard like crust, probably imitation cheese, hardly any toppings on the pizza, just gross and tasteless.   The only bright spot was the brownies.  Pretty hard to screw up a chocolate brownie.  And the clientele. oh my.  One old man, had to be in his 60's, had a plaid shirt with no sleeves and was unbuttoned almost to his waist.   Copious amounts of grey chest hair sticking out of his shirt, and it looked like a forrest on his upper arms....at least he looked clean, which is more than I can say for other people in here.  Someone could buy me dinner and I wouldn't go back to this F___g gross place....
3 It is, what it is...nothing more, nothing less.  If you want to shove slice upon slice into your cake hole, then this is the place...if you are looking for a taste of Italy, look elsewhere.  The place was pretty packed when I arrived and I must say that the service and the attitudes of the employees was pretty good, and because it was crowded the pizza's just kept on coming.  The salad and pasta bar wasn't anything to ride home about however the place was pretty clean.  Fine dining, no, cake hole friendly, yes!
2 A pizza buffet that costs $5 a head. What can you expect from a place like that? As it turns out, nothing much good.  First of all, $5 a person is a little misleading. Drinks go for an addition $2+ each, and if you want wings, add another $5 per person. It can add up.   The pizza just sucks. Actually, there was one with a very thin crust that my wife and I both liked, but it was gone most of the time. There is the problem--nothing good lasts very long and all the worst, coldest, most disgusting pizza hangs around on the buffet forever.  Service sucks too. It took about a year to get our severly overpriced wings. At least they were edible when they did come.   The place is newish, but still manages to look a little dirty and run down--not in a charming, family-doing-the-best-they-can-to-keep-the business-going way either. More like a we-don't-give-a-crap-and-are too-cheap-to-make-restroom-repairs way.  All that said, my 5 year old loved the place, so I will be back kicking and screaming.
3 CiCi's is an all you can eat pizza style buffet, where the food is Three Star, "A-OK".  My only other comparison in this category is Pizza Hut.  And, I am not even sure if they still offer lunch buffets.  Admittedly I love salad bars (photo). Cici's is not great and somewhat basic, but it's not bad either.   A Yelp friend told me that: "CiCi's is nothing to write home about, but for $5.00 a person through the end of March, it's a no brainer!" I came here yesterday with a friend and we would both agree with that statement.  They put out a good spread!  There is something about their pizza cheese that has a slight taste of butter to it.  This is similar to Pizza Hut's in that regard.  I don't know if it is the actual cheese, or is it something they add after it comes out of the oven.  But it makes it's very flavorful.  I guess, if I added butter to things before serving it, I would be a better cook too. LOL  Our bill came to $14.45 including drinks. Our server and cashier Karen was very friendly and offered to help if we wanted anything else.  So, Cici's was a no brainer for us and good Three Stars faire.
1 Went into cici's tonight and they were basically closed at 9 when thw door and website says 10. Hours of operation should be changed to 9 w take oUT til 10...poor customer service and will think twice before going back...
4 The concept is great.  You get all-you-can-eat pizza, pasta and dessert for $4.99 (adults) and 2.99 (kids) 3 and under eat free.  I went with my wife and kids this past week, it was good.  The guy who greeted us as we walked in was nice, he said "hi" and explained the way the place works.  He took our order, and let our kids in free.  The staff was helpful, I asked for a couple pizzas that weren't on the buffet and they were out and ready to eat in 5 min. or so.    The only beef I had was that the pizzas on the buffet when we arrived weren't very fresh.  Some of them could have been combined with others to make room for some new pies.  Beyond that, our kids had a blast, we ate as much as we wanted and we left happy.  We'll be returning soon, I'm sure.
3 Great space for pizza buffet...
1 The management staff the crew this is so extremely dirty and pour beer and I would not suggest coming here not ever bring anyone kids or my future kids ever to this establishment
3 The price is phenomenal! The taste is good if you're lucky to get a fresh enough pizza, otherwise I would suggest ordering something special so they have to make it right then and there. Overall $5 for all you can eat is not bad.
2 So, a few years ago I went to check out CiCi's when it first opened.  With it being a buffet, I knew it wasn't gonna be outstanding.  The food at the time actually wasn't too bad.  All thin crust of course, and was a pretty decent buffet.  The cinnamon rolls were spectacular then too.  So not too long ago, after being away from it for about a year/ year in a half, we decided to hit it up again.  The price stayed about the same, so I thought it wouldn't be too bad then.  The buffet stayed about the same (same foods mostly, except macaroni and cheese pizza wasn't on the buffet as much...and no taco pizza).  The food quality, not that great to begin with, seemed to go down a bit.  Even the cinnamon rolls weren't as good as they used to be.  Some of the pizza's seemed to take longer to hit the buffet (don't know who's fault that is) and the cleanliness of the place changed too.  So I don't know If I wanna go there anytime soon.  I just wish another pizza buffet would open up and give it a run for it's money.
