5 We were wandering around CityCenter and came across this lovely art gallery located across from Crystals.  Rodney Lough Jr. is a wilderness photographer. His gallery certainly showcases his craft- love the organic elements especially the large natural wood "trunks" that are around the space.   His photographs are "natural" and are proudly not digtially altered. We loved looking at the techniques he used to obtain the photographs and could recognize some of areas he's shot. It was really fun just to look at each other and say "hey we've been there!" or "hey we need to go there!". We spent at least 20 minutes perusing his pieces mostly to read the captions next to each work.  Although I don't think we'd purchase one of his lovely works, his gallery is a great place to wander around. His work is definitely different from Peter Lik's collection and holds it's own appeal. If you love Peter Lik's work, you need to check this place out!
5 Amazing photography, and a nice, professionally-displayed gallery. Rodney, you're one of the few photographers I admire! Perhaps one day I can reach even just a fraction of your skills.  Thank you for showcasing nature through your camera. The gallery helped me open the eyes of a city girl towards what nature has to offer. She is eager to join on my next camping trip to Yosemite.  My humble photography site: http://www.yuenstudios.com
5 This is a must see. If your an artsi person you will dig it.
5 Yelp 100 Challenge * 2/100  Rodney's eye for capturing the splendor and remarkable essence of nature is presented through his awe-inspiring landscape photographs, compiled together in a neat naturistic-themed gallery at Crystals Place in City Center.   I meant to drop by here on my own yesterday but ended up spontaneously venturing the area with a couple of girlfriends. The moment we entered, we couldn't help but gasp at all the colors and relaxing vibe that came with his pieces. Along with a title and short story next to every photograph, we were brought to Rodney's world and were introduced to these different places through his perspective.   And you don't even have to be an artsy person to enjoy his work. If anything, a touch of appreciation for nature is all you need. As a bird lover myself, I especially loved the 'Pondering the Pond' piece which shows a vibrant sunset glowing in the horizon and on the left is a silhouette of a giant rock with a seagull confidently perched on top of it. It was like love at first sight!   Aside from getting a chance to check out a replica of his 8' x 10' view camera, I now have much a fuller bucket list, having searched up all the locations he shot his photographs from. They've made me pretty determined to visit them one day (if I can) and check them out for myself!
1 This review is based on the customer service at this location. We purchased a photograph and were supposed to receive it but never received an email like we were told we would. We called and were told the delivery date was something completely different than we were initially told. So the delivery date is coming and we've made two calls to ask why we have not received and email again and have not received a response to either of our calls. We have dealt with 3 sales people (apparently they have horrible turn over) in less than 3 months. We have even left messages for the gallery director whom we had interacted with and he did not call us back either. For the supposed level of quality this gallery is supposed to be, they represent themselves horribly to their paying clients. Yes they had great service the times we has visited while browsing and then deciding to purchase. We has visited on several occasions when we were in the area and everyone seemed nice and attentive but once they had our money, they couldn't be bothered to followup or follow through. Think twice before you spend your money at this location.
