4 Solid Pizza place for the family.    Very consistent.  Good quality.   Like the thicker crust they serve.
4 Happened to go into Barro's tonight because it was next to Target and SuperCuts, and the kids were hungry, so pizza it is!  This location used to be Godfather's Pizza and they have done a complete overhauls. New tables, booths, dark wood furniture, tile, the works. It looks nice, but its also comfortable for the family.  The staff was very pleasant and helpful, so all in all a nice place to go in for dinner with the family.  Tonight we had hot wings, which were pretty good. Not the best I've had and far from the worse, just good.  The hubs and I ordered a small BBQ Chicken pizza to share and then two french bread pizza stick kids meals for our rugrats. My kids are both big pizza eaters, but one kids meal would have sufficed. The french bread pizza sticks were a foot long...definitely big enough for my 5 and 2 year old to share.   The BBQ pizza was  delicious, except for maybe a touch too much BBQ  sauce..I would request light sauce next time. The crust was puffy and yummy.  Definitely a place we'd go back to.  Oh and if you want to go get take out, then you can order a nice cold beer on tap and watch a game while you wait. :)
1 The cashier asked me if I wanted my receipt for my credit card purchase. Duh! Yeah! Went there last night and ordered a take-out X-Large MegaMeat. Got home and it was on thick crust which I didn't order or like. The pizza was super dry with minimal sauce and cheese. It was awful. Oh how I wish RoundTable Pizza was in Mesa.
3 06-22-2012 X-Lg Barros Special pizza was not cooked enough. Dough was soft and chewy could have cooked much more. Flavors didn't have enough time to blend.  Resolve: Cook it longer please. Get that bottom crust very toasted. It would be way better and closer to what an actual pizza should be.  11-19-2011 The cashier asked me if I wanted my receipt for my credit card purchase. Duh! Yeah! Went there last night and ordered a take-out X-Large MegaMeat. Got home and it was on thick crust which I didn't order or like. The pizza was super dry with minimal sauce and cheese. It was awful. Oh how I wish RoundTable Pizza was in Mesa.
4 I frequent this Barro's almost once a week....yes I have a pizza addiction!  The pizza is always good and the wait staff is exceptional.  I normally call in my pizza order and then pick it up on the way home.  When I call they always know me by name and recognize that I'm a regular.  I rotate between three different pizza favors, BBQ Chicken (my favorite), Pepperoni/Sausage/Mushroom, and just a Cheese Pizza.  The pizza is consistently good.  The counter staff is always friendly and efficient.  You can tell this Barro's is very well managed.  I've never actually eaten in, so not sure about that experience.  The dining area is small and doesn't look appealing to me.
3 From out of town, we ordered this one night for delivery.  The pizza was good with a thick-ish chewy crust which I like.  Delivery was reasonably quick and the price was affordable.
5 Pizza is amazing. We always go to this location
4 Good pizza, good price and friendly staff.  They're our go-to place for pizza in the area.
4 Surprised at how good the pizza was.  Great price for spaghetti and meatballs.
5 I grew up on Barro's!  Love their Barro's Special straight of the over with a little extra crisp to it.  The new location on Power road and McDowell road is fantastic!  Lot's of TV's and the kids area is in the back so not too much noise if you want to watch some sports.  Coldest Coors on tap among the other restaurants on that corner!
5 My mouth waters when I even think about Barros. I've eaten pizza all over the world. This is as good a pizza as you can find. The dough is chewy, which is the way I like it. I order it with extra sauce.
