5 I ordered some cookies to have sent out for a party I was having, and they were a huge hit!! The Maple Snickerdoodles, Peanut Butters, Pecan Pie Bars and Mexican Lime Margaritas were all incredible. I personally made sure to have at least 3 of each. (*Sad, but true.. and oh so good!*) The Butter Oaties and Brownie Crinkles were big hits with the in-laws. Omei did an awesome job assembling secure boxes and the cookies got to us in great shape. Wish I lived closer so I could indulge in these more often!! :)
1 I don't care HOW good they are, if she really, normally charges $14.00 for SIX of these MINI-muffins . . . That is VERY sad.  What a RIP-OFF!  I could not believe when she brought them out and I saw how small they were.  The first six were 2 1/2" and the second six were even SMALLER, they weren't even 2 1/4" in diameter.    Paradise Bakery has MUCH better muffins, for a LOT less.  Don't waste your time.
5 Just really, really good coffee!  Good smiley service too!!  I am a latte' purist, don't give me flavors, non-fat milk or fancy sweeteners in my latte'!!  I want 4% milk and good coffee to stand up to the milk!  Terra Java's proprietary blend is the bomb!  You can also find housemade baked goods from Chef O' that are to die for!!  She specializes in gluten free baked goods and eats too!
2 Not sure what happened - I stopped by in the middle of the day, during the week.  No "hello" or "welcome", no "thanks", no "good-bye", no "can I get you anything else?".  I think all the cashier/barista said was "OK" when I told her my order of a mint-lemonade and paid.  I think it goes without saying that all else I got was a scowl.  After my order, she kindly set my drink down on the finished drinks area with nary a word.  As a first time visitor I figured out where my drink was, a few minutes later, as she was nowhere to be found to ask "hey, where's my drink??".  The space is decent, though the leather couches have certainly seen better days. Plenty of books to gaze upon while enjoying your beverage, but essentially no other positives as far as I can tell.  I will certainly never return.
4 Formerly known as Mama Java's, the place has undergone a face lift and now offers a much larger food menu, full of good stuff for breakfast or lunch.  Comfortable hangout with ample seating and parking, free wifi, outlets, etc.  Great place to relax, escape the heat and get your caffeine fix.  After a brief experiment of staying open late, TJ is back to their old closing time of 6 p.m.  Night owls need look elsewhere.  Hoot.
1 This use to be one of my favorite places when it was Mama Java's.  This was the first time I have been in there siince it changed ownership and names.  Place is not nearly the same.  Service was friendly but extremely slow and very disorganized.  I waited in line behind a few people for nearly 10 minutes and ordered a coffee and bagel sandwich.  Got my coffee and had to wait another 5-10 minutes before they even started making the sandwich.  I watched in disbelief as the person who was handling money etc as the cashier started to make my food with his bare hands.  This is a major health code violation (cross containimation) so I requested my money back.  They have also raised their prices and it was way overpriced in my opinion.  Not the same experience I use to have when it was Mama Java's.  I recommend statying away and  will not be returning.
2 Usually really good cappuccinos, and their baked goods are pretty good.  But they need to clean out their toaster and stop burning toast.  And this last time the cappuccino was terrible - bitter, too hot, terrible foam.  I brought it back and not only did the barrista give me excuses about how its so busy in the morning (a ridiculous excuse because we always come in the morning, and it wasn't that busy), and then had the gall to charge me to get a regular drip coffee.
5 Cozy and comfortable place to relax, have some java  and have a healthy snack. MG
5 My faves: pumpkin spice latte (with almond milk); the Wow bar (Gfree, vegan and low glycemic) & the gluten free coffee cake, gluten free pumpkin scone and other tasty Gfree treats.
4 Was a fan before (when it was Mama Java's) and I am a fan now!  I really dig what they have done with the place.  Gave it a bit of a facelift:)  In addition to having tasty coffee/non-coffee beverages, they also have a nice assortment of house-made pastries (some vegan and/or gluten-free), tasty breakfast scrambles, quiche, a granola waffle?!, lunch sandwiches, artwork, and more!    The peeps behind the counter are delightful and they always have decent tunes playing out over the rooms.  They keep things green by using an ipad as the register, with the option of receiving your receipt by way of email.  Who doesn't love hugging a tree when they purchase a cup of joe?  It's really a great neighborhood hang spot whether you're looking to chill out with a cup and a book or have a mini business meeting or catch up with old friends.
4 I'm always hunting for a good, locally owned coffee shop.   This one didn't disappoint! I love how Terra Java is tucked in this little strip mall. It's got some pretty nice character.   I was with my wife and sister when I stopped in for a quick drink. As we walked in, we were immediately greeted by the barista. She was genuinely nice and very pleasant.   I liked the mismatched decor inside. It didn't feel very trendy or hipster-y, but very comfortable and laid back. There were several people inside working on their laptops, so I assume this place has wi-fi.   Our drink orders were taken very quickly and the barista really sold us on the pastries. She basically said everything was good, so each of us got three different things. They all looked like they were made in house. Very moist, very good, and reasonably priced.   If you're looking for a quiet place to sip your coffee and have a nice treat without the corporate Starbucks atmosphere, I'd go here!
4 I have been here a few times over the years (formerly Mama Java) and was never too impressed. For whatever reason now that it is Terra Java, I am very pleased.  They offer a variety of milks (including rice milk) which is unique and a huge plus for someone like me who prefers alternate milks but tries to avoid too much soy. They also have vegan and gluten-free options when it comes to food and baked goods and with the growing number of health issues I find that to be very comforting.  One of the baristas recommended their spicy chai and now I'm addicted. It is very refreshing and has quite the kick to it. Makes for a brilliant dirty chai and I appreciate that it is a locally made reduction - much better than paying $5 for powdered milk w/ spices or Oregon chai that I could buy and make myself.  Overall, great little hang out. Always a friendly staff and quiet crowd.
3 I have been a regular at Mama Java's and now Terra Java's for the better part of a decade since I have lived in the Arcadia/Biltmore area.  Since becoming Terra Java, the place has undergone a pretty great transformation.  I love the neighborhood coffee shop vibe and Terra Java offers a wide variety of coffee, tea and other delicious drinks to suit a variety of patrons.    They have modernized the place a little, but it still has a great old vibe with the wooden tables and its general look and feel.   They feature local artwork and crafts that are always interesting. There is a variety of healthy snacks, treats and some more filling options (sandwiches) available.   I always like the baked oatmeal.  I have tried to make this at home but it never turns out as well.      They have remained true to their coffee shop roots here. The prices are reasonable and if you let them know you'll be hanging around for awhile, they'll save your tea leaves and give you a refill later!!  (Warning, you will smell like coffee when you leave this place!!  =) )  I come hang out and work from here for a few afternoons a month.  Free Wi-fi is available, and it's a pretty quiet place with some mellow tunes playing in the background.  Unless you catch live music or the storytellers club here, it's a great place to hang out and get some work done. The events are cool too, if you can come to watch and be entertained.  With all of that said, I recently had a bad experience here with a staff member being very rude to me.  I  called the Manager and spoke with her on the phone about the issue and she apologized and said that she did not condone the behavior of her staff member.   As a regular customer over the years,  I fully recognize that one bad experience with one particular staff member in about a decade  doesn't warrant a terrible review.   Nonetheless, Terra Java has some work to do to earn back my business.
4 Nice place for coffee and hang out with friends. A little warm sometimes though. Nice people and good service
4 I like this place. It's quiet and not crowded so I can use their Wi-Fi and get work done. Good coffee, good treats.
3 I always enjoy chatting with the counter staff.  They are friendly.  The coffee cups have shrunk since it was Mama Javas.  Large isn't so large anymore.  Charging $.50 for almond milk instead of cream in my coffee is petty.   I stop in occasionally because of convenience.
3 Great place to chill and do work. Coffee and Tea is pretty good but food and customer service definitely needs improvement. Eat before you go!
4 Coffee was delicious and baked good was moist and flavorful...had the carrot cake muffin. Both the girl and guy that worked there were very friendly and good hearted. Nothing fancy pants ambience-wise but background music was good and they support local artists.  Good spot to study/do work.
5 Super casual laid back atmosphere. Grab your book, laptop or tablet, order a cup of Joe and curl up on the cozy sofa. Check in on Yelp and you get a free cookie!
4 Love Terra Java! My soy chai latte was hot and delicious, and the atmosphere provided by the open mic was fantastic--it's the first wednesday of each month, from 6-8pm.
4 This is a nice cafe. Plenty of space. Their coffee is top notch and their baristas are quite talented.
5 Barista Bobby K. makes my son epic hot chocolates. And for me, the best double latte in town!
4 Tasty coffees made with care. Food like it was made at home. A nice alternative to chain coffee joints.
1 Most expensive iced coffee and baked goods in the city. $7.00 for an iced coffee and a cookie ($3.50 each), and then the internet wasn't even working. It was quiet when I went, mid afternoon on a weekday, so if the internet had been working it would have been a fairly pleasant place to study. As it was, and given the inflated prices, I won't be going back.
