5 They do a great job with the cleaning...  very little dry time... they don't rush the job either... will use again for sure.
1 DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!!! If I could give this company negative I would....first of all I work nights but woke up early for my 9am carpet cleaning appt. At 915 I called them to make sure they were on their way, as I have other appts today after this, and honestly would still be asleep if it wasn't for them. The owner said that the driver went to my address, and it took him to city center so he left...ummm why, you redneck idiot?!! I know it took him to city center, I live in veer towers!!!!!!!! What?!!....I told him I don't know why they didn't just call me then, if there was any confusion. The man told me he'd have the driver come back then. When I asked how long it would take because I have other appts, he told me the driver was down the street and he'd be back in about 15 minutes. An HOUR later, I called again, furious....the man told me the driver was just getting here now....TEN minutes later, still no driver in sight!!!!! About to flip out, I called back againnnnn....4 times, they are not answering now!!!!!!!! Extremely unprofessional!!!!! I needed this appt today because I'm getting new furniture delivered this week and wanted the carpets cleaned before it gets here, if this guy still shows up, I just might strangle him.....***update the owner never called back or showed up....
1 Actually I, "nikki", am a real customer, as is this review one hundred and ten percent!!!! It does not surprise me however, after the way I was treated by you or your employee, that you would go as low as to try to pretend that this never happened!!!! I told all concierge staff in veer towers not to recommend your company anymore after the horrible customer service I received that day, and the huge inconvenience I was given by having to find another carpet company last minute! If you can not find my information in the system, it is probably under "nicole esposito", and if it still does not appear, then your computer system must be as incompetent as you and/or your staff that day!!! Otherwise, you are just a flat-out liar and have no idea how to conduct a reputable business!!!! FUTURE CUSTOMERS - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!!
5 Company was Great!!! On time, Very courteous and professional. By the way my carpet look awesome.
5 This company was awesome, on time, price was what I was quoted on the phone. Very nice tech. Staff was very professional. By the way , did I mention that the carpets were GREAT!!!
1 I love this form of carpet cleaning, but I will never do business with this owner ever again.   We booked a carpet cleaning 3 weeks in advance.  On the day we were supposed to have our carpets cleaned, we removed all furniture and obstacles to make the carpet cleaning process easier.  As the time of arrival came and went, we kept calling to see when someone was coming.  When I made the final call of the day at 4:00, the business owner told me that his worker just called him and told him that he was in an accident and on the way to the hospital.  So, he told me that they would try to squeeze us in at the 3:00 the next day.  We called at noon the next day and were told someone would be at our house at 3:00.  After 3:00 came and went, we kept trying to call, but no one would answer.  So, by this point, our house has been in complete disarray waiting for someone to clean our carpets.  We waited for the owner to call us and reschedule, but 3 days later, we had as yet to receive a call.  In the meantime, we used a person that works indirectly for the owner, and he informed us that nobody was in a car accident.  The fact that the owner lied to us about that and never returned our call to reschedule warranted a report to the BBB, in my opinion.
5 I have used this company and I thought that Rick and crew were professional and the carpets look great. I like the dry process. I recommend them to any one.
5 I had a great experience and I love the job they've done! They were on time and it was a great experience. They were friendly and took their time to clean. I would totally recommend them and call them in the future. Thanks Ecodry!
5 Amos came to clean my couch today...great customer service.  It was my own fault for spot treating the various dirty spots and the letting sit for over week...needless to say there are still shadows on the areas that I treated but overall, Amos did the best he could and it still turned out cleaner than before!    Thanks Amos!
5 This is the second time I've used this company. I loved the service and results both times. I would strongly recommend using them. Jonathan showed up on time. He was thorough. My carpet looks amazing now.
5 I was doing a search  online  feel into their website Ecodry  Carpet Cleaning i am from new york city didn't know who to ask i need  good Ecodry Carpet Cleaning company  i can trust with a  source for the safest and most effective Las Vegas carpet cleaning services  cause i got a dog appointment was at 2 pm the guys came like at 1:45 p.m  i was so happy  after they where done i felt like i came out a pool refreshed a new home  they gave me  the work's  Couch - ,Love Seat - ,Sectional Couch - great price pro's  they should call them  Dr. ECODRY cARPET  cLEANING OR MASTER   cARPET CLEANING  THEIR FROM DOWNTOWN  For Clean and Dry Upholstery that Looks It's Best Every Day. Ecodry Carpet Cleaning is your trusted source for the safest and most effective Las Vegas carpet cleaning services. The Beauty of the Aridex Upholstery Cleaning System is that cleaning can be routine and not a special project because with most fabrics, your furniture will be back in service within 30 minutes.
5 Jonathan just left my apt after cleaning two WHITE armchairs that were water stained pretty badly. He achieved good results and was an extremely professional and all around nice guy! I would definitely use this company again and plan on having my carpets cleaned by Ecodry and Jonathan soon!
3 I'm giving 3 stars because the customer srvice was good. We were able to schedule apptmt within a few days of the weekend.  I got the carpets done a lil over a month ago and the carpets were left clean. but i didn't expect the carpet to be so stiff a month later and I've vacuumed it several times. The carpet is not only stiff but my husband and I have noticed our feet are drier than ever. We always walk around barefoot and didnt have a problem with feet cracking or dry feet.. and i will have to relate this to the solution they apply on the carpet which acts as a sponge to soak up dirt and grime..  This wouldn't have been a problem if the service guy would've vacuumed it up completely. So we're hiring another company my sister uses because he leaves the carpets super soft and clean.
5 I accidentally called ecodry carpet cleaning after I found a similar place on groupon and boy was I lucky to stumble upon this place. I was able to make an appointment pretty quickly (no hassle) and waited for the date to do the carpet cleaning. The cleaner arrived kind of late but he was very apologetic and it was because the previous client surprised him with more work. He even threw in a free service (yay for me!). It only took an hour and a half to clean 3 rooms and a loft and a staircase. The floor wasn't even wet and he took out all the stains (pretty surprising considering how it's dry cleaning with eco friendly products). It was a pleasure to do business with ecodry carpet cleaning and I"ll be sure to call them again if I need another carpet cleaning.
