5 I was quite surprised with the previous reviews on rudeness, especially when i come from a city where rudeness is part of the everyday norm.    Our drive thru gal was very polite and sweet, without being overly sacchrine-y or fake.  Servie was quick and they were patient AND polite when naming and explaning all the breakfast sandwiches to companion who had never had one.   Drinks great, not watered down.  Would come back in a heartbeat
5 The baristas here are great.  I have to say, some mornings, I come in pretty grouchy because I haven't had my caffeine fix yet.  They always cheer me up.  This location has a drive through, but the line gets pretty long.  It's very convenient to the freeway so it's pretty busy most mornings.
1 I was visiting some relative in the area and stopped at this Starbucks.  I visit a lot of Starbucks and this store seems poorly managed.  The wait was 20 minutes for our  simple order after we paid.  The staff were more concerned about drive thru customers who paid after us than our order.  There were no tables inside so we went to sit outside.  As we were sitting outside the manager INTENTIONALLY shut off the misters when it was 110 degrees.  He claimed they stopped working. But they mysteriously shut off after our neighboring table complained about the poor service.
5 I got coffee.  It was Starbucks. It was good.
4 This is Starbucks and you know what to expect!  Consistent as all the rest of the locations and good coffee.  What makes this location stand out is that it's the only drive thru location in the Arrowhead area.  It's nice to not have to get out of the car once in a while in Suburbia!
1 I use this starbucks frequently because its close to where I work. Over time I have experienced coffee served cold, orders completely wrong, extremely slow and unenthusiastic service. This is so common I expect it now. In fact when they get it right im actually surprised. Ive contacted their management on a few really bad occasions and receive the same apathy. I suggest only going there if you have to because, afterall, it is a very convenient location.
4 Terrific location, staff was legit. Small selection of retail. Fast service. Packed lobby. You can see the ocean out front. They have a good selection of  treats if you get there in the am. If you are a partner this is a real bucks so you can get you deal on.
4 Courteous staff and it's Starbucks.  Their coffee speaks for itself.  I love the drive thru makes my morning coffee run on the way to work that much better.
3 Am always amazed at how different each Starbucks is in terms of service. Today I was here to redeem my "coffee bag" free cup. I asked to upgrade to an americano as I cannot drink the Pikes because of the acidity.   The girl ( in the drive-through) said she couldnt do that. I explained why I couldnt drink the Pikes and that I had done this before at a Starbucks with no issue but she still said no.   The store at 75th and Bell has an awesome crew and I continually go back there unless I am in a different area of town.
1 I would give this Starbucks a 0 but it doesn't let me. Today was the 4th time I was kicked out of a Starbucks when I had my Certified Therapy Dog with me. She has a vest and I have an ID I wear. I was told today my dog can't be in the store. I have spoken with SB "higher ups" in the past (when we were thrown out of other stores) and they say the staff cannot ask me about my dog or kick us out. It is against the law to throw a Certified Therapy animal out of anywhere. Starbucks has broken the law 4 times now. Not to mention humiliating & degrading me in front of other customers. I was called "Sweetheart" at another location (59th and Union Hills) in front if a packed store by an employee and was told I can't have my dog in the store, even though we were both clearly marked. Today was the last time SB is throwing us out. I have contacted several news outlets. They are not only rude but broke the law, numerous times. My dog is Certified and visits Nursing Homes and Hospitals. Starbucks, you threw the wrong duo out........again.
5 This place has an awesome drive thru. Not a bad location either right off the 101 freeway and union hills. Again the drive thru service was fast and the people who work there know how to get things done I had my coffee in my within like 1 minute. To be honest that's not bad considering that I was the third car back, keep up the good work Starbucks crew!!
4 This place is busy!!!  Drive thur and walk in.  Friendly staff!  The wait was not too long.
2 I just don't know anymore! They used to be good but the last time I stopped there in the drive thru, besides a 20 minute wait, to my surprise after getting back on the freeway that my caramel mocha turned out to be hot milk only!!! Dutch Brothers off of the 101 & Thunderbird IS THE place for fast & friendly service always with your correct order!!!
1 Starbucks supports planned parenthood. I am pro-life and will only support businesses that are pro-life, like Lifeboat Coffee at www.lifeboatcoffee.com. When you make a purchase at Lifeboat Coffee, $1.00 is donated to a pro-life organization! No more will i go to a Starbucks or buy their brand at a grocery store. In addition, the last time I was there, I got a caramel mocha. When I got on the freeway to take my first sip all it was was hot milk! Terrible, terrible ,terrible! I needed my caffeine!  And let's not forget the slow service!!!!!
5 I went through the long drive through to discover amazing service!  The voice through the speaker was such a refreshing delight to hear. He was so happy and talkative, very polite and brought a smile to my face!  Just how it should be when you drive away with your starbucks treat in hand! I'm ready to take on the day thanks to my new favorite location!  Nad the flan latte is all its said to be and more!  Love it!
1 Slowest drive thru ever!!!!! Mcdonalds is faster then this. Please hire better and faster people. This is ridiculous.
1 I dislike this specific Starbucks a lot, my drink is always made wrong. Staff Is awesome but drinks wise, not the best.
2 Hit or miss with the drinks... 3/4 of the time they forget to add my classic syrup and only add the one pump of white mocha that i ask for... i leave with bitter tasting coffee only convenience is that its a drive-thru and there's not many around the area
