5 I travel for work and require early morning pick-ups at least once a week. I've had a hard time finding a cab company that is reliable. I'm not that picky as far as the condition of the vehicle or the driver but they have to least show up on time or even show up at all.  I've been disappointment with every cab company until just recently. I found Sam's Tran on the internet and decided to try them. It has been absolutely been the best experience. Sam's Tran is the most reliable cab company I've ever used. I can book my reservation online which I really like and they always call 30 minutes before my pick to confirm.  Plus the driver is courteous and the vehicles are super clean.  They get my highest recommendation.
5 Stayed six days in Mesa for business. Unfortunately, Marriott doesn't provide transportation to and from the airport. Initially used the Super Shuttle to the hotel. Waited for over an hour because the driver drove past us. Had to call dispatch to reroute. Don't apologize or anything. Definitely did not want to give them any more business. Found Sam's Trans online and decided to try it. Great customer service. Driver even arrived early so that we wouldn't be waiting. Direct to the airport for two passengers for about $35. That's a deal!  Will definitely use them again.
5 "Look no further! This is a great deal. They were on time, very clear on when and where he would meet us. He called 15 before so I could relax. Clean, courteous, professional. Make it easy on yourself and use this service!"
5 Finally found a transportation company that is reliable and reasonable. Personalized service.  I have used this company about 5 times so far and have not been disappointed. Have these guys in my address book, won't use anyone else.
5 I travelled to Phoenix for pleasure on 11/16/2013. I needed a reasonable,reliable way to get to a relative's condo around Thunderbird and 51. I found Sam's Trans on the internet. Requested a rate and it was great. Five minutes after I landed, I was on my way to pick up my luggage and Sam's Trans gave me a call. He was waiting outside. All in all a great experience. Great price and great service. I was very pleased and I will use them again.
5 We used Sam's Trans to go to the airport, and were very pleased. Not only did he call 1/2 hr. before our scheduled pickup just to let us know he was on his way, but also he arrived right on time with a minivan to accommodate all our luggage including golf clubs. He even had mints for us to take. All this for a price that was less than the cab companies and limos. When we return to Scottsdale, I will definitely book with Sam's again.
5 We have been Sam's clients for several years now.  I wouldn't consider using another service because Sam's is the best, by far.  They are consistently excellent.  The rates are more than fair and unrivaled service.    I cannot express how much I appreciate them!
5 Been using Sam's for two years now, he has never let me down.  Always on time, even a little early, fast ride to Sky Harbor, always reliable, and he is a great guy.  Love his new van.  I will always use Sam's Trans.
5 So we just moved to midtown Phoenix and were looking for transportation to Sky Harbor.  When we lived further north, we usually drove and parked at the airport.  We decided to try something different.  We don't care for the inconvenience of Super Shuttle.  We used Sam's Trans and will likely use them pretty much all the time in the future.  The driver called 1/2 hour in advance of the pickup to confirm the address and let us know he would arrive on time.  He did arrive on time and was very pleasant and courteous.  On the return trip, the driver called as we were landing to let us know the exit door where he would be waiting.  After getting our luggage, we exited and found him immediately.  The rates are very reaonsable, clearly the service is reliable, and the customer service excellent.
