5 Emerge is a wonderful place to get your herbal medicine/acupuncture treatment. The proprietress, Dana, is knowledgeable and warm, and really takes the time to get to the root of one's medical condition(s). The treatment area itself is soothing and inviting, clean & efficient. Walking in, one can't help but immediately feel secure & comfortable with this exciting path of medicine. She is here to help you help you!
5 I went to Emerge for a gentler alternative to chiropractic manipulation for a reoccuring back problem. I not only found that, but also a more wholistic approach to general health which included specific herbs and multivitamins that Dana suggested. These have helped me to improve my overall health and quality of life.She has a professional approach and explained fully every step of her treatment and answered every question I had before the treatment started. Dana's friendly demeanor is immediately relaxing and her thoroughness is confidence inspiring.
5 Dana is an amazing healer.  I have been a patient of hers for some time, and have always been impressed with her professionalism and connectivity to her patients.  Dana offers many solutions for pain management, overall health, and healing.  She helped me through a really painful period with my back.  I had never had any experience with acupncture or Chinese herbs, and the way that Dana explained everything to me was very helpful for my learning process.  Dana literally helped me get back on my feet again!!!  Go see Dana at Emerge to find alternative ways to heal what ails you, or as a supplement to your healthy regimen!!
5 Emerge is a great place to be!  Dana, the acupuncturist, is knowledgeable and professional.   She is so obviously passionate and devoted to helping her patients.  It's more than just a body treatment, she also incorporates the emotions involved and how it is tied to what's going on in your body.  It is an uncommon approach, that shows success with results!  Emerge teaches you that you have to help yourself, and they are there to support you.
5 If you want to find health Dana can help lead you to it.   Emerge has been a very important part of my wife and I's journey in infertility. Dana has been sensitive and patient with the roller coaster of emotions and issues related to becoming pregnant when the odds are not in your favor. I can say this, we have done IVF before and did not have good results, and I believe the outcome this time is different because of this very gifted and caring practitioner. I believe that she has made all of the difference in our fertility journey. We have had great doctors from Southwest Fertility as well (another yelp), but I feel that our current pregnancy (yes we are expecting) is due to her care and support.   This is a very special practitioner.   After experiencing the care that Dana gave to my wife, I also wanted to experience her abilities and was absolutely impressed. I went to her to manage some stress and anxieties surrounding a number of personal issues. I did not know what to expect, but was very surprised after my first visit.   Dana exposed me to cupping, which I liken to a very intense massage with lots of "energy" movement. She followed it with an equally intense acupuncture treatment. This was my first visit and she literally took the weight of the world off my shoulders. I did not know that my body was resisting my usually positive attitude so much. It really was surprising and a great experience.   Dana is very intuitive about ones needs and is able to really get past "the stuff" to figure out how to help the best way possible. We are very impressed with her abilities and sensitivity and are so happy she has been a part of our journey.   If you are thinking about visiting Emerge, you should stop thinking and just make the call. She will take great care of you.
5 Ahhh Dana...Just saying her name brings my stress level down a notch.  I started visiting Dana earlier this year.   I had never had acupuncture and did not know what to expect.  First, Dana took the time to TALK TO ME about ME.  Through a Q and A session we decided together what kind of treatment we would begin with.   For me, I wanted over all wellness, reduced stress and I had some very specific physical complaints.  One was a slight tremor in my right hand that was driving me crazy!  One treatment and it was GONE!   I continued to see Dana and through a combination of diet changes, herbs and acupuncture, Dana has facilitated a great deal of healing in my body.  She is professional, honest, not overly "woo-woo," gentle and the most amazing listener.  She answers my phone calls, emails and texts whenever I have questions or concerns about my health.  She will NOT leave you hanging!   I highly recommend her services.  There is nothing she cannot help you with regarding your over all health if you are willing to participate in your process.  She is the real deal!
5 Dana.Dana.Dana... you can't say anything about Emerge Acupuncture without mentioning the Star of the Show! She is impressive all the way around. Her knowledge is endless, her commitment to her clients is inspiring, her bedside manner is amazing, and not to mention her ability to touch the body & soul deeply. She has a very calm, comforting, and caring demeanor which is priceless when you are about to get stuck with needles or the ever-odd cupping procedure. I would recommend her (and have)  to anyone searching out acupuncture.
5 Dana is absolutely wonderful. I suffered with chronic tendonitis in my fingers for over a year before I saw her. I had been treated by 3 specialists, had physical, occupational and hand therapy and was still in a lot of pain. I felt better after the first session, and after three more treatments my pain is almost completely gone. Besides pain relief, the whole experience is very calming and relaxing, it's wonderful for stress reduction. Dana is very soothing, calm, caring and compasionate. She has made a positive change in my life. Thank you Dana!
5 My boyfriend and I were fortunate to discover Dana/Emerge through Community Acupuncture. This was our first exposure to acupuncture and we were more curious than nervous. While we reclined in zero gravity chairs (I need one of these in my living room! Amazing!) Dana spoke with each of us individually about how we were feeling in general, if we had any ailments or pains, etc. I should note that my boyfriend had been suffering from horrible migraines that were really interfering with daily life. She talked us through the treatment, placed our needles, and encouraged us to just relax.  I felt incredibly "zen" throughout the process and was surprised at how much I really enjoyed the experience! Dana has such a comforting presence and her knowledge of the body is incredible.  My boyfriend's migraines have been alleviated through Dana's treatments without the aid of any pharmaceuticals. I cannot express how grateful we are to have Dana's healing presence in our lives! Community Acupuncture was an affordable way for us to be introduced to this wonderful healing art.  Take the chance to visit Emerge and talk to Dana. You will not regret it!
5 I refer all of my friends to Emerge Acupuncture because I have received so much healing from Dana's down to Earth healing techniques. She is skilled at the actual work but just as importantly she is adept at explaining the perspective of Chinese Medicine and the connections between mind, body, spirit in an easy to understand, not overly "woo-woo" way. I appreciate her humor, her integrity, her willingness to help and her powerful intuition. Whatever you have going on physically or emotionally, I am pretty sure Dana can find a way to point you in a more authentic and ultimately comfortable direction. :c)
5 Dana, Michelle, and Lauren are a wonderful team! Michelle and Lauren are great at reminding you about your appointments and rescheduling when you need to change (and if you're like me that's a lot!).  They are incredibly friendly and welcoming when you come in as well, and they make you feel very at home.  Dana is a fantastic acupuncturist.  I am so lucky to be able to see her regularly because she does cupping on my back which has always caused me a lot of pain. If you haven't tried cupping, do it with Dana.  It's completely worth the upfront discomfort to have a back free of tightness and pain.  Also, Dana takes the time to get to know you and what specifically is causing you frustration in a given session.  From stress eating, headaches, to knee pain, she makes sure each visit is tailored to your needs.  Quick note: They just opened a community center with classes like yoga and tai chi.  I have yet to go, but it sounds like fun. They also carry products from local vendors.  I bought a coco mango soy candle, and just love it.
1 Dana Bairen operates her business from a narcissistic standpoint. In other words, she will judge you, and if she judges you negatively, she'll refuse to treat you. My brief time in her practice reminded me of being a high school clique -- if you're in, all is well. But if there is a problem -- say, treatment is not working, or if you request t a refund  -- then you're not  part of the "in crowd" anymore and she denies you treatment. I remember, early on when I'd just discovered her practice, she told me about a client who was "high maintenance" and  she "just couldn't take it anymore," so she told him to find another acupuncturist.  "Gee, Dana," I said, "I hope you don't refuse treatment for me someday." "Oh, I wouldn't do that," she replied, "you're so sweet." But my comment proved to be prescient, for she did boot me out of her practice ultimately and refused to treat me. I can't emphasize enough how narcissistic she is, and how contrary that is to the principle of healing and the Hippocratic Oath. Ultimately, you should not be in the Healing Professions if you live to pass judgement on others.
5 Dana is fantastic. I came to her looking for something to help clear up my skin. She helped clear up my soul, my skin ended up being a side benefit :-)  Chinese Medicine really is the best tool to manage self care and what a big umbrella that Covers! This woman has the perfect bedside manner to go with it.
5 this is a beautiful space and highly recommended for anyone looking for yoga, tai chi. meditation, bollywood or pilates.
5 Emerge is a beautiful and peaceful place. I took a yoga class here with Paige, who is an excellent teacher. The studio is welcoming and has a soothing feeling. I hope to come back again. I recommend it to anyone!
5 OMG, but this place is amazing. I went to one of their community acupuncture sessions for my sciatica and what a relief it was. i went from shoot me please it hurt so much to it is a dull ache. i made a appointment for a private session so Dana can work on my back. Dana is great,really good at what she does and would tell anyone who needs this to go see her.She is an angel.
5 Dana is the best!  I had never had acupuncture before last October and frankly I was somewhat skeptical about the practice.  I had a hip that had been hurting so much that I trouble sleeping and that my doctor diagnosed bursitis of the hip.  After trying oral steroids and NSAIDs that had no effect, the only treatment left was a shot right into the hip.  I instead decided to try acupuncture and after seeing the wonderful reviews of Emerge on Yelp and Google settled on Dana.   Aside from being deft with needles, the best thing about Dana is that she listens very carefully and adapts her treatment based on her observations of her patient.  With me she must have detected my apprehension--but she never made it obvious--and proceeded very cautiously.  Within about four treatments the pain in my hip became hardly noticeable and I haven't had any trouble.  A few months later my lower back went into super spasm from improper exercise at the gym and again Dana fixed it with just a few treatments.  If you want a pleasant, caring alternative to the intrusive and often toxic measures used by traditional medicine, I can think of no better person to get that kind of treatment than Dana.  I give her my unqualified recommendation.
5 I attended the community acupuncture which was very helpful in reducing anxiety. The studio is nice, bright and clean. Dana, the owner and acupuncturist is warm, friendly, knowledgeable and professional. The process of community acupuncture was pleasant, relaxing and serene as I laid in a comfortable recliner with a lavender eye pillow and listened to music that must have been created to induce relaxation as a number of my fellow community members were snoring. It is also a ridiculously good value at $25 per session. Highly recommended.
5 I attended my first community acupuncture treatment session yesterday. Dana was very knowledgable calming and helpful. She made me feel comfortable. I've been to other acupuncturist who were not as skilled with needling and actually made me bleed and bruise. She was gentle.
5 Emerge has a beautiful yoga studio space. I have taken several Ashtanga classes with Rachel and they have all far exceeded my expectations. The class is traditionally a very tough practice and Rachel has a way of making you feel completely comfortable wherever you are while still assisting in adjustments and alignments to further the practice. It's obvious that she has a deep knowledge of the Ashtanga series and her Sanskrit is right on! I look forward to taking more classes with her as well as try some of the other classes Emerge has to offer.
5 This was my first acupuncture appt ever and I was very open to the treatment.  It was fantastic and so much more than I had even hoped.  Dana is an unbelievable person and authentic beyond words.  She really tried to look at all of the issues and other methods of healing and working towards resolution, not just acupuncture.  The conversation  and level of delving into the issues at hand were very helpful and I'm looking forward to working on them.  Now, I know you want to know why I saw her, and frankly it's not much different than what many people are going in for, but if I told you then you would be infringing on my HIPPA rights (Now Wouldn't You).  LOL.  Go see her, she's awesome.  Back issues, acid reflux, stress, and all the stuff many of us have.
