4 So this place used to be called, Benchwarmers Grill, but was purchased by Mo and her husband about 6 months ago.  I'm not usually the kind of gal that likes bar food, but really had no choice since my Mesa Chamber of Commerce Networking Group was holding it's meeting there.  The atmosphere is like a typical bar and grill, but the food is far from it.  Yum!  I tried their home made meatloaf and bread pudding, and was pleasantly surprised.  The food was great, the service was great and I would for sure recommend it to anyone living in the area.  Give it a try.
5 This is my local watering hole. Jody and his wife are the new owners and it has gotten a lot More drama free and chill. I love this place the food is always amazing, from there wings, to sliders, to California chicken sandwhich to their burgers. Happy hour till 6, and everyone is friendly... This place is like Cheers. This place is amazing during football season. They have nice flat screens everywhere, so you can watch all the games. I would truly suggest to stop by for a brewja or some chow. Its worth it.
4 A place with tater tots on the menu is on its way to my heart.  While staying at the Arizona Golf Resort, this place was a walkable dinner after having a nice happy hour in the courtyard of our suite.  Decent selection of beers on tap and a pretty standard bar menu.  One of our party did get mild wings which she found to be too hot, but other than that, all were happy with their selections, and I used my Yelp check in discount to get some tots for all!
4 The golf cart/security/driver at The Arizona Golf Resort brought us here when Annabelle's was closed. Much more fun and comfortable than Annabelle's, which was a little stuffy for us. Decent beer selection that we hear is soon improving. LOTS of space, and a huge patio that had some fun games on it. I hear the wings are good but unfortunately we weren't hungry! But the highlight was the bartender Leigh. She was super nice and knowledgeable. Had a great time! If we lived in AZ we'd definitely be back.
5 They have a great happy hour. (3-6 I think) The food is good. The drinks are cold. Pool tables, games and lots of TVs to watch sports. I will definitely be returning.
5 We are renting out the entire golf resort for our family reunion and we decided to come here instead of annebellles. The service was quick and friendly and took only 15 minutes. When it arrived it was hot and fresh and looked great. Both me and my significant other chose wings. He got 1lb bone in and I got one pound bone out with sauce on the side. The mild sauce was awesome and the wings were just heaven. I didn't think I could even eat that much but it was perfect!!!! We live locally so def will be back for wing wednsdays from now on! Excellent waitress too! She was informative and helpful! :)
5 My husband and I absolutely LOVE this place!  The food is quite fresh and delicious and the drinks/beer are very refreshing!  We LOVE their wings and long island ice teas.  There is usually a special on food and drinks AND they feature the BEST in events and entertainment in the East valley!    The staff is very attentive and friendly.  The restrooms are very clean AND they have a large patio area that overlooks a golf course!  We have made this place our 2nd home.
4 A cool location with good service and a great online presence. Went for the buy-one-get-one Yelp deal in the afternoon after a hike. We were just about the only ones in there but it didn't mean slow service like similar situations at other restaurants have. Check it out! It's in the back of what otherwise looks like a dumpy shopping center, but its unique location makes up for that.  The food was also good with a great selection of sides and a daily selection of discounts. I'm all about the coups and this place delivered on all fronts. Good food, good deals, good location.
5 Ive been coming here since it opened. I love the food here, and i think its time they name a burger after me. They are also very good about customizing the food for you, my favorites are the burgers and wings and mini sliders and i founded the buffalo chicken sandwhich here. Beer is the same everywhere, but for some reason it tastes like the end of a rainbow and there are tiny leprachauns dancing around a marvelous pot of gold in your MOUTH. They have a bunch of different kinds of beers on tap, i prefer my Coors Light though.  This place has a inviting firendly atmosphere. The bartenders are all great and fast, and they are all friendly.   This place has become my favorite bar thoughout the years. Everyone there including the customers are great. I have made some great friends hanging out there, and evertime i go there its hard to leave because i have such a great time. If your looking for amazing chow and a cold beer in a chill atmosphere On the Green is a spot to try out.
1 I gave one star because I had too. We had a large party that I called 4 days in advance for. A perfect opportunity to make some real money. But 2 hours later and we barely got out food. This was so sad. We wanted to so something local but never again!!!!
1 Dont go there. Very unorganized. We reserved a time and amount of peoeple and it took 2 hours to get food. Not a place to come back to. Do.not recommend
2 Well, the service was appalling.   I start there because it's the first thing you come upon when you enter an establishment.   I was immediately told I couldn't bring my cup of water in by the bartender (understandable).  I went to return it to the car and when I came back in my family was STILL waiting to be seated.   I went to use the restroom (a shower curtain for a door in the ladies room.  Really?????????) and came back out and they were STILL waiting to be seated.  We should have gone elsewhere.   We finally were told we could sit anywhere.   We did and it was still 5 or so minutes before anyone greeted our groups.    We ordered and it seriously took 45 minutes (with no apology and only the explanation of a 16 top in the restaurant) for our food to arrive.  Our children were remarkable well behaved all things considered.   There is truth to the saying you get what you pay for (we had a BOGO thing for this place).  And of course I was late for my meeting that was scheduled after this lunch.   The good is that it sits on the golf course. And there isn't much better than an Arizona spring time.  Also, everything we ordered wasted great.  Tacos (chicken and beef) were good.   Beans that came with them were too spicy for my adventurous youngest but they were great.   Bleu cheese burger was filled with the cheese and the mayo it was served with was great.  The chicken Cobb was good and the chipotle ranch dressing suited it perfectly.   My sons burger looked great but he wasn't sharing.    We rarely leave less than 18 % especially with coupons or deals, but TIPS are just that... To Insure Prompt Service and this wasn't.
2 Not the place to go for food, but the beer is cold & your burger may be a little undercooked.
3 Food is ok , lots of TV's.  Eat inside or out.  Located alongside the fairway.  Service is marginal if you aren't a regular buying drinks. Not sure if there is a manager to keep service standards hovering above indifference.
