5 This company has great customer service. I had the house sprayed for beetles and ants at the end of june. The ants came back about three weeks later. I called and talked to Wendy who's was extremely helpful and nice and she sent Romi over that day to take care of the issue. He showed up early and took care of the problem very quickly. Can't say enough good things about this place.
5 Very professional, very knowledgable, very friendly, and very reasonably priced.  Recently I saw a swarm of bees in my backyard hovering near our stone waterfalls and bushes, and since my husband is allergic to bees- I didn't want to take any chances so I called several places requesting a quote until I finally decided on BeeWise Pest Control, and they came the following day.    They found the culprit of the activity: a honeycomb in between the rocks and he was able to get rid of it. He told me to keep an eye on it and that if I saw any activity in the next few days, to let them know and they would come out again free of charge.  But, what impressed me most was the fact that he was looking around in my neighbors yards for any pets so that I can inform them that we just sprayed and that there may be dead bees lying around in the vicinity.  He also asked if my neighbors had children for the same reason.  I was very impressed with them and highly recommend them for your bee and other pest needs!
5 ***Outstanding customer service***  We moved into our new place on a Friday afternoon.  Upon moving some things in that evening I noticed a few bugs crawling around. We called a few pest control companies here in town Saturday morning and Bee Wise was the only company available to come out on a Saturday. Romie (the owner) explained the problem, where the bugs were coming from and exactly what they were going to do.   Unfortunately, it was a much bigger problem than we thought, but Romie and his team went ABOVE and BEYOND to help us out. I have used other pest control services in town, but have never seen the customer service Beewise offers.   If you have a pest problem, call Beewise Pest Control.
5 Called one day, at my door the next day.   Very professional right from the call to the knock on my door. Great service. Thank you Romie.  Nice to find a company like this.
