5 I started going to AZ Chiropractic because I had been getting horrible migraines for years and Dr Marino said I should come in for a massage and adjustment. 3 weekly visits later and my migraines started to subside. 6 months later it's rare that I get headaches at all! Apparently they were migraines triggered by tension in my back and shoulders and his massage therapists work on my back and shoulders once a week and then Dr M adjusts me. If I miss a week I can definitely tell because my headaches come back. It's great to be able to stop taking those powerful migraine medications and cure my headache through natural methods! They really are a great group and really do their best to make you feel comfortable and ensure that you are well taken care of! Best part, my insurance covers most of the services so make sure you ask Phyliss to check out your insurance coverage to save you some $$!!
5 i had an online coupon to try this place out and it was well worth it. 75 mins of bodily feel-goodednes.   my massage therapist started me on a sort of "warm up" by lying on a mechanical, heated massage table for about 10 minutes. after that, she took me to the massage room and asked if i would like to be stretched, which is rough for me, considering i have tendons, ligaments, and muscles akin to steel bands.   after that, she pressed and kneaded and ground out alot of my aches and knots. this wasn't a relaxing massage....more of therapeutic one. however, i did feel extremely awake, yet calm and clear afterwards.   for the finishing touch, she had me lay face down and did a mechanical percussion to my back which actually felt pretty good.   twas a great experience. the facility is clean, spacious and sort of contemporary, but the massage rooms are as cozy and soothing as they come. they also offer accupucture and chiropractic services which i didn't have time to take part in.
5 Just a quick shout out about this Chiro office.  I purchased an on-line massage deal for a 75 minute to die for session.   Had no idea it was a Chiro office.   How lucky was I to find Dr. Scafidi right in my neighborhood.   Came out of my massage and there he was.  Began a conversation with him about adjustments and he really knows his stuff.  So I had an adjustment right there and then......WOW who knew my headaches would go away and I mean right away.   I have now become a regular for adjustments once a week and massages once a month.  And have not had a headache since.   Thank you Dr. Scafidi.  The location is ideal right in Grayhawk plaza for those of us who live up north....great staff, clean environment, etc etc.   Thank you Arizona Chiropractic & Holistic Health Center!!!!!
5 Dr Scafidi is an exceptional chiropractor. I went in for a visit 2 weeks ago. Having gone to so many chiropractors in my life, I know the difference when a chiro knows what he is doing and when he doesn't. I have a scoliosis that throws everything off on me.  He definitely understands the implications of what a scoliosis does to a person. After the adjustment, all the tissue work, and pressure points that he worked, I have less migraines, less aches now. I also noticed that I am sleeping a lot more at night, more than the usual 4 or 5 hours that I was doing before his work. I think that many of my aches and pains kept me up at night. I will be returning here because I am getting the help here.
5 My hip was out and had pain in my low back from working and moving patients as a nurse. Went in and saw Dr Scafidi - after a thorough adjustment, felt brand new!
5 After having back and neck pain, I saw Dr Scafidi. I haven't been much a fan of going to a chiropractor but Dr Scafidi changed my mind. He was very thorough with pin pointing issues and after the adjustment, I felt amazing. I had voiced out my concern on having my back worked on and he put me at ease making sure I was comfortable. I definitely plan on going back!
5 I had low back and neck pain, I went to Dr Scafidi because a friend of mine told me about him. I was skeptical about going to see a chiropractor but after meeting with and talking to Dr Scafidi, I thought that maybe he could help . He took xrays and come to find out I have degenerative disc disease.  Dr Scafidi has a machine called the DRX-9000 specifically designed for my issue.  I also received a therapeutic massage/physical therapy, while I was there cause my insurance covered it. Dr Scafidi uses all kinds of accessory tools to make the adjustments necessary. He was very friendly and really thorough , he explained everything he was doing to me and why, and after the adjustment and the massage, I felt great. My low back and neck pain has not returned.  Dr Scafidi made sure I was comfortable and he also gave advice as to things I can do at home to help with the pain when/if it returns. Dr. Scafidi definitely changed my mind about chiropractic.  This place is great, wonderful atmosphere, and I definitely plan on going back!!!!
5 This is the best chiropractor in AZ!! Dr Scafidi is very professional and takes the time to cater to your specific situation. This clinic has up to date medical equipment and is housed with massage therapists! The office has a modern look and upbeat feel. I highly recommend this Dr and office!!
5 I've been to several Chiropractors before but nothing like this one. From the time I walked into Dr. Scafidi's office and saw a beautiful waterfall in the main entrance and soft music playing, I knew it was going to be a different experience.  Dr. Scafidi really took his time with me and didn't rush me. He put me on this amazing heated roller machine table that made me feel like I was getting a back massage. I felt like I was in heaven! I didn't want to get off it! He really took his time to address all of my problem areas and concerns, tested my posture, back, neck and cracked every area of my body that was tight. He also put this amazing minty Bio-freeze stuff on me. I left his office feeling the a million dollars! Incredible experience! Not just a regular visit to the Chiropractor! He also has the state of the art equipment and technology that you can't find anywhere else. His office does massages too! Once you see him once, you will be hooked! It's a real special treat to see him.
5 I've been seeing Dr Marino for about 2 months now and I have nothing but great things to rave about. Everyone that works in the office is incredibly friendly, professional, and helpful. I always feel at home when I walk in there. I go every week and I get my massages done by Christie who is amazing!! Her deep tissue is the best massage I've ever had in my life. And Dr Marino always takes great care and time assessing me and making the necessary adjustments -- very personable and friendly. He's helped me through a couple small injuries as well as keeping me on a healthy routine chiro plan. I always feel very at ease in his hands. Hands down best chiro/massage care in my life!
1 I purchased a massage Groupon from this business for my husband for Christmas as we have just moved into the area and he loves his massages. I also am looking for a reputable chiropractor ( we moved from Vancouver and are in the market for virtually everything new) Every time I tell them I want an appt for a massage, and they find out it's a groupon, they push the appt to well over a month out....no thank you!  I use Groupons all the time and 9 times out of 10 become a loyal client!! This is the vessel I use to find new places of all types. I find this to be offensive and I don't think businesses that treat the Groupon clients like this should throw deals!! I see the reviews are very good for here and I am saddened by the fact that I will now be looking for a new place, out of principle.
5 ~ATTENTION ~   ~Online Promotions~  This purpose of this message is to address some negative comments made by online promotional users.  I encourage you to please be cautious before making negative comments about small business operations regarding scheduling/voucher redemption in relation to online promotions. Especially, if you have never even been to our business to receive a service, and you are posting negative comments simply because you are not getting your way when it comes to scheduling an appointment and getting in for that service immediately.  If you expect immediate gratification from a small business who is providing you the opportunity to try out their services at a significant discount, then you have unreasonable expectations that most small businesses will never be able to meet.  As a small business owner, I find it to be inconsiderate and insensitive for people to attack a small business because they are simply unable get in immediately for appointments, especially if you have failed to read the small print on your online promotional voucher, which clearly states: "Promotions are valid for NEW PATIENTS ONLY, and APPOINTMENTS ARE BASED ON AVAILABILITY".    I am truly sorry for any inconvenience this may cause, but if I allowed the schedule to be filled with only promotional appointments each day, and if I allowed people to use promotions repeatedly, then Arizona Chiropractic & Holistic Health Center would go out of business, and we would not be available to serve the community any longer :(  If you purchase a promotion PLEASE understand that each small business has limited availability in general (we are not a nationwide corporation such massage envy), especially during the busy winter season, and many Doctor's offices are not open on weekends.  If you need a specific day or time to use your promotional voucher, I would recommend that you contact the business prior to purchasing an online voucher to ensure that their business hours correspond to your needs.  For those people out there who are in pain that wish to get in quickly for appointments, I would recommend not using promotional services because there will be a waiting list and we can only accommodate a certain amount of promotion services each day in order to stay in business. Please keep in mind that we need to be able to accommodate our regular clientele in order to stay in business, because typically a small business does not generate any revenue from online promotions.  Essentially, the business that offers an online promotion only makes enough money from the promotion to pay the worker.  The FACTS of ONLINE PROMOTIONS:  *Over the past 4 years we have serviced over 4,000 promotions (more than 1,000 per each year), and overall the statistics show that 91% of people would recommend us to their friends and would return to our business;  Therefore, out of over 4,000 promotional services the majority of people have been thrilled with the service they have received, and we are well aware that some people will never be satisfied customers, regardless of the great service they may have received.  *Typically less than 10% of people using online promotions will ever return to the same small business regardless of how great their service was. *90% of people using online promotions typically go business to business using different promotions regularly, which is why we must limit how many promotional spots we can offer per day, so that our regular clientele can still get in for treatments as necessary. *Small businesses do not have to offer online promotions, and in some instances online promotions have caused small businesses to actually go out of business. *If people continue to abuse online promotions by:  a) attempting to defraud the small business by the same customer using more than one promotion, b) exhibiting disrespectful behavior to our staff or using vulgar language when they are not able to schedule an appointment for a service immediately, c) threaten or attempt to tarnish/slander our online reputation by leaving bad reviews because our office did not have prompt availability to schedule an appointment as soon as the client would have liked, THEN WE WILL DISCONTINUE OFFERING ONLINE PROMOTIONS. Please do not ruin the opportunity for new clients to try us out just because you refused to wait a few weeks to be able to utilize your promotional voucher.  Please respect the fact that small business owners work extremely hard to stay in business during difficult economic times such as we have experienced in the past several years, and I truly do everything in my power (even if that means I do not have the ability to go on vacation or take sick days off) to ensure that each treatment or visit to our office is special and exhibits high quality.  I truly do care about all my patients and clients, and I pride myself on providing AWESOME customer service and helping people in need of healing!    Thank you,  -Dr. Marino
5 Dr. Marino is the best.  He goes above and beyond in each session to make sure you receive the best adjustment that you can.  He is not a chiropractor that gets you in and out in 5 minutes.  He actually cares about your well being and takes his time with each patient.  His prices are very reasonable for what you get.  The massages are great also and all of the staff is very nice.  Will not go anywhere else!
5 I drove from Gilbert to Scottsdale last week to see Dr Marino. I used to go to chiropractors in Mesa but I got tired of seeing doctors that did not fix me. My neck would not turn all the way to the left or right after 2 major car accidents almost ten years ago. I am not able to get a bit better range of motion as he called it. I think I have another appointment in two weeks. I am happy to spent the drive time!
