4 This family owned and operated place, Stevie's Pizza, is serving up some amazingly good pizza, calzones, pastas, and more.  Their thin NY style crust is golden brown on the outside yet moist and chewy inside.  Sauce has just the right tomato sweetness and the mozz is without a doubt some high grade stuff.  Nice lunch combo of 2 slices & soda for about $5.  Nice clean, small and simple decor.  Great place to get in, get your slice, and get on with your day.    Location is on the NW corner of 59th Ave. & the 101 in the big FRY's shopping area, and over by Rubio's & a vet office.  This is the old Papa John's location that went out of business.
5 Best Pizza in town!! I've always been a Ray's Pizza fan but Stevie's beat them in my book!!
2 The only thing contributing to the NY authenticity here is the service. The crust falls short somewhere in between the line of cardboard and the styrofoam you'll find in a car bumper. The pizza as a whole looks like something you'll find in the frozen aisle and tastes even more disintegrated. That may be attributed to them baking cheese pizzas and reheating with whatever toppings you order. It doesn't work that way and to do so in New York would be an automatic death sentence endorsed even by their appalled Jersey neighbors. To call Stevie's New York Style Pizza would be analogous to calling Digiorno Delivery. It's NOT.
5 I am from New York and this is New York Pizza. This is as good as it will get out here in the SouthWest......and for a change of pace try their Buffalo Chicken Pizza or their Philly Cheese Steak Pizza...both excellant!! Pasta dishes and sandwiches are also very good here. If you never had NY Pizza (Young S) you shouldnt comment....this is the real deal.
2 Decided to try some new pizza last night and we now wish that we had stuck with our usuals.  Ordered delivery for a cheese pizza with half sausage.  The delivery was super fast, like 25 minutes but I wasn't happy with the results.  First of all, the delivery driver didn't have any change on him so that was annoying.  Then I looked at the pizza and it looked half cooked.  I like my pizza well done and this pizza wasn't even done!  The mozz. wasn't even fully melted in some places.  The sliced sausage was yucky too, it had a rubbery texture to it.  I don't recommend this pizza, it's bunk.
4 CHICKEN FRANCESE. They have it. I can't believe it. 3 yrs hunting for chicken francese in Phoenix, and we find it in this tiny little pizzeria! A definite real pizzeria feel..simple presentation, gruff service, good food. What more do we need?! Generous portions and great prices. I didn't try the pizza but the chicken francese I had was great along with penne and vodka sauce my husband had were flavorful. The garlic knots were super too.
2 We ordered take out from Stevie's last night and it was just OK.  It has potential to be good if they tweaked a few things.  We ordered the pizza wing combo and a house salad.  Skip the salad its nothing special just bagged iceberg that tastes like bagged salad with some onions that smelled like BO and a few veggies with Italian dressing.  I had a couple bites and the rest just got tossed.  The wings were small and scrawny with no meat on them and the ranch dressing was funky bottled stuff.  Make your own ranch guys its soooo worth it.  The pizza was OK after I reheated it in the toaster over to crisp up the crust.  I will have to pass on Stevie's next time.
5 This is the most authentic NY style pizza in the valley.  These people are from New Jersey like me.  My mom was one of the owner's kid's math teachers in the 80's! If you have ever been to NYC you know what American pizza is supposed to taste like. This place is the closest to back home i have found in AZ.  The WHITE PIZZA is the best in Arizona. If you've never had it before this is a great place to try it out. Family owned, great service and convenient location.
5 Great, great pizza, definitely New York style, and fast delivery. If they had green olives we'd be in pizza heaven, but as things are we're darned close.
5 This place has got great food for a very low price. Also the seats are extremely comfortable. The guy who runs the place is hilarious and has a great deadpan style of humor that I didn't get at first. He will customize a lot of the menu in front of you (I had a friend who asked for a chicken and spinache calzone, and he cut open the calzone and added fresh spinache right there and threw it in the over for a few mins) Would definitely recommend.
2 Steve's makes a great pizza, but their service is definitely lacking.  There's nothing like ordering a delicious Philly Cheese pizza only to show up and receive a plain cheese.  The guy behind the counter just looks at you like you're an idiot, doesn't try to even apologize, rings you up, and tosses you your pizza.  They get a B+ for the pizza and a D for service.
4 What do you get when you cross a pizza with a buffalo wing. You get a buffalo chicken pizza. This was exactly what I was promised at this little pizza shop right off the 101. It is a pretty good slice of pie and I can only imagine it is true New York style considering I have not been to New York before. It has some heat to it, flavor was good, and the crust was pretty good. It exceeded my expectations probably because every buffalo chicken pizza I have had up until that point was pretty horrible. I guess low expectations are easier to exceed than high ones. I also had a slice of pepperoni along with the buffalo chicken type. It was pretty good as well. I am not calling it the best in town but it was flavorful.  A couple notes here. One, the value is pretty good for the lunch menu. I didn't peek around for dinner menus for the other things that included full pizzas and sandwiches. Two, when I went there was a gentlemen at the table closest to the service counter. He had a newspaper spread out over the entire table, two plates of food, and didn't appear to have anywhere to be. He would call out to Stevie over the counter from time to time to ask him about his business or one of his employees. They talked with a thick accent so I assume they were both from New York. I guess I was thrown off because apparently in New York they are okay with one person occupying a four person table during a lunch hour rush and forcing others to sit everywhere but there.
5 Went to get my hair done the other day and picked up the menu for the pizza parlor next door to my salon...they deliver so gave it a shot that night. I have not seen real Salad Pizza in a pizzeria since I left NY (NYPD has a salad pizza on the menu but its not the real deal and when they deliver it you have to assemble it yourself). This salad pizza is authentic and not as messy as you get back home and I loved it...really good. Its rare that I get a cheese pie delivered where the crust is crisp and warm without being somewhat burned...to my shock the cheese pie was perfecto. Great cheese and sauce. Also liked the woman who took my order on the phone, called me "Hun",  just like home. They gave me a 45 min delivery time but rang the bell in less than 30 min..  We have a new go-to pizzeria. Yay.
5 Great pizza crust is crispy and thin, fast service would recommend.
4 Really good pizza! And I'm in town from Chicago! The crust, sauce, and cheese are great.   (I'm surprised Yelp allowed the "smoking driver" review to post, since this reviewer isn't a customer and admits to never having tried the food!)
4 Still on the hunt for THE best pizza in Phoenix, but Stevie's is a hit!  We loved the thin crust, not doughy but still foldable NY Style. Sauce was tasty, hint of garlic -- nice! Cheese was plentiful, not too greasy. Pepperoni was spicy but not too much.  We bought the HUGE pizza and ate it all on a Sunday afternoon (VERY rare for the 3 of us).  Even my daughter ate two slices and loved it (usually she loves the ones my husband and I don't and vice versa).  My husband is also a fan and so am I.  He even gave us a free soda while we sat and waited (he may have suspected it was our first time).  Thanks to Stevie's, we'll be back!
1 Went for the 1st time and the last time this week.   Called in the order and went to pick it up.  Which all went well until I looked at my bank account two days later.  They gave themselves a tip!    Watch your account if you don't use cash.  They help themselves to your money.
2 I placed an ordered here about a month ago and just forgot to do this review so here it is. I had the chicken wing and pizza deal the wings were soggy but flavorful and the pizza was cold and bland. I literally ate one slice and threw the rest of the pizza away a few days later. I did warm up the wings and eat those but this is a place I will not be ordering from again.
4 I love supporting local shops! As a huge fan of thin crust pizza, their pizza is delicious. I've only had dine-in pizza so I haven't tried their other menu items or delivery, but needless to say, I'm a fan. The employees are nice enough but I think people attribute their "rudeness" to what I consider a typical NY/east coast attitude. Maybe that's just me. Anyway, I feel like I have a new place to bring people when they visit me from home. Awesome!
3 Short Story   Pizza is better than other in the neighborhood that I tried but the salad and the cheese steak don't rate as high for me.  Longer Story  After purchasing not so fresh fish for dinner from Whole Foods we needed something for dinner and my husband suggested to try Stevie's NYS Pizza. They told us an hour for delivery or 10 minutes to pick up so he picked up. The pizza had a good quality cheese and a tasty sauce. I liked the nice thin crust but I thought it was a little mild flavored. The pizza was good but not oily like a true New York Pizza.  We went back and had a cheese steak, Chicken Caesar Salad, and something unusual that Stevie's offers called rolls sort of like a smaller Stromboli and we tried a spinach one. Out of what we tried we both liked the Spinach Roll best. The roll was bigger than we excepted for $4.00 and can be a meal since you can pick meat options. I thought it needed a little salt and pepper to taste better and the roll came with some tasty marinara sauce. The high light of the Caesar Salad were the three garlic knots that they give you with it but the romaine lettuce was very fresh. The cheese steak came on a decent roll.  This place has the weirdest seats I ever saw in a pizza place. They were called beard seats and looked sort of like car seats.   Worth a try for pizza or the stuffed rolls!   3.5 stars
2 I have problems with ordering delivery..being that my order is wrong and typically missing stuff. I used to like the pizza but for some reason lately it seems bland if not undercooked like the cheese is really white...I always have to put it in the oven for a few more minutes.
5 This was our favorite pizza place on the east side before we moved. Sooo good. The sauce has a little spicy kick to it. About the same price as Pizza Hut or any of the chains but much higher quality. It's a family business and I dig that.
5 They have a really good combo sub. But I personally would skip the Italian dressing and opt for a vinegar and oil mix. Cheers!
2 Ordered this pizza, sausage & pepperoni, price not bad $18.50 for a delivered large, but it just has like absolutely NO taste, doesn't taste bad, just not like anything. Think someone stole their spice rack & they better get a new one. Wouldn't order again (sorry)
5 Great NY style pizza.  Double peperroni extra cheese and extra crispy is the way to go.  Not everyone knows the extra ceispyr trick (or likes crust that way) but lots of new yorkers like it that way and I have to agree.  The wings are average, but the special cheap.  So the 5 star rating is based on pizza alone.
5 My wife and I are from NYC and we thought the pizza, subs and pasta were fantastic!  Will definitely return.
5 Love Stevie's pizza! we order from this place on a regular basis.  Best pies I've found in Arizona so far...and by a large margin, and their pies crust is done just right. The bite sized garlic bread is also fantastic, real garlic pieces, moist with just a slight crunch.  Their giant sized pizza is enough to feed even the hungriest of children, plus the adults to boot.
3 Still searching for the best pizza in the area...please point me in the right direction.   This place is good but nothing I would go out of my way to eat.  Eat it there because it gets cold before you can get it home.  Thin New York style.  Great spicy peperon, ok cheese crust has a good chew to it.  Might grab a slice for lunch but not a whole pie.
3 Stick to the pizza and wings. Had a sausage sub and fired mushrooms and they were ....let's just say never ever again. We do enjoy the pizza and wings but not much else. If you asked me yesterday is would have said 4 stars but not after that sub and mushrooms.
4 Two words. Time. Efficient.  My sister and I ordered a medium cheese pizza for pick up. We were told it would take 15 minutes and after arriving at the restaurant, we were handed our freshly baked pizza 15 minutes on the dot after we called. Little things like accurate time approximations keep customers happy and coming back and Stevie's has that down.
