5 Capsule Review:  Tammy and her husband deserve your money.  Tammy knows her way around dogs and they both seem to know how to run a business properly.  Calls and emails are returned properly, people show up on time, and there's no question that you are getting what you're paying for. We saw results with our dog immediately and Tammy did a fantastic job ensuring that we could replicate what she was showing us.  It also doesn't hurt that both her and her husband are painfully affable people who seem to have a genuine love of dogs.    The Long Answer: We recently adopted a dog and were looking to get into a training program for him.  For whatever reason we couldn't find a class that was opening in a timely fashion.  Disheartened we headed out to Tempe Feed & Tack (an excellent store in it's own right).  While browsing amongst the stacks of excellent dog food we unloaded our tale of woe upon the owners who promptly handed us business card to this couple.  Wiggles and Wags got back to us within 24 hours via email and were incredible helpful in assisting us in selecting the right training program for our dog.  Given our schedule, and the nature of the things we wanted to work on (destructive separation anxiety, aggression vs. dogs while on leash) we decided that a private 1 on 1 session was most appropriate for our dog and we had an appointment for later that week.    Sixth Star: They also help out local shelters with training programs, both for dogs that have been brought in and for people who have recently adopted.  Good karma for them.
5 Definitely the people to get your dog trained by. They offer in-home training at a reasonable price, and it includes a follow up visit as well for ~$100. We discussed all of the problems we were having and were given solutions for all of our doggie pit-falls and saw results immediately. That Tammy surely has a way with dogs. The moment she arrived, the dog knew she meant business. And as for socialization with other dogs, she even brings along her own Border Collies, who are very calm and well trained. Very Helpful! Tammy and her husband are very prompt with their phone and email responses, and offer wonderful positive reinforcement advice and techniques.
5 Tammy and Howard are wonderful with animals.  My husband and I recently adopted a Weaten Terrier (notoriously stubborn) named Lucy, and were nearing extreme frustration in her training.  She was always jumping and biting and nothing we did could stop it (and I've trained terriers before!).    We got Wiggles and Wags' card from the store where we buy Lucy's food (Tempe Feed and Tack, awesome store!), and after a lot of research discovered their rates and success stories were some of the best in the metro area.  Since Lucy's problems were so severe, we scheduled an in-home consultation.  Tammy and Howard worked with us for almost 2 hours that first night!  Within a week, Lucy was transformed into a different dog.  Of course, my husband and I had to be consistent  on enforcing the things we learned at our in-home session, but we thought the transformation was incredible.    Tammy just knows what dogs are thinking!  She's been in the business for years and any question you have about anything dog related, she can give you guidance.  We were so pleased with the in-home session, that we are joining the September group class, and she is grooming our sweet puppy as well!  These two do this for the love of the animals, you can just tell.   I would recommend them to anyone looking to train their dog; whether you are needing help learning to "sit" or looking to join a Frisbee club, Tammy and Howard can be of service!  The business aspect is a well oiled machine as well.  When I first scheduled an appointment, I was given an email confirmation and everything was very prompt.  I had to reschedule (twice! due to a family emergency), and they were very understanding and flexible.  I was sent reminders and confirmations for each appointment.  On the day of the in-home session, they arrived promptly and did not seem like they were rushing to get out the door when our time was up.  You can tell they love dogs and want to see them succeed, even if they have to stay an extra 15 minutes. =)    I highly recommend Wiggles and Wags - there's no better trainers in Phoenix as far as I'm concerned (and you can't beat the price, to boot!). Give them a call!
5 If you want results, choose Wiggles and Wags for training your dog. Tammy Wilson-Teeter is an expert in dog behavior and her love of animals is obvious. (Our dog's love for her was also obvious by the last class.) They are also extremely reasonably priced and have great customer service. We highly recommend them for helping you and your dog. They certainly helped us!   After speaking with Howard, we decided to sign up for the obedience class, with 5 other dogs. He thought that would be the best way to have Tammy assess Maggie's issues and behavior around other dogs, and correct those behaviors.   We saw results after the very first class!   Our back story: We had 2 issues: 1-leash walking and 2-socialization with other dogs. When we encountered other dogs while out walking our neighborhood, Maggie would pull to the end of the leash, and bark, whine, and growl. We'd have to pull her quickly past and hide our faces in embarrassment. We had no way to get her attention and stop her other than practically strangling her as we pulled her away. It was awful!   Before the first class, we showed up a few minutes early to discuss Maggie's issues with Tammy. While we were talking, another dog arrived and Maggie went into full display, lunging and growling. Tammy saw it all! She immediately gave us a suggestion to correct Maggie, which we used several times during that first class.   After 3 classes, Maggie did not lunge, growl, bark or stare at the other dogs during that last class - and there was even a new dog in the mix! She is much calmer around other dogs, and we have tools to use to get Maggie's focus back on us. Our walks are so much more enjoyable now, for Maggie and us. That made the training with Wiggles and Wags worth every penny!   So we thank Wiggles and Wags and Tammy for helping us solve our issues with our wonderful rescue dog and will recommend them to anyone who asks!
5 Tammy saved our household!! We live in a condo that shares two walls with neighbors. The problem we had was our beagle liked to bark when we went anywhere. The problem wasn't Duffy, it was us! We found Wiggles and Wags on Yelp and for good reasons they are rated 5 stars. Duffy is a 13 year old beagle who has been an amazing companion, but has had some issues barking when we are gone. What we found out right away from Tammy was that with a couple of simple corrections with both us and Duffy we could overcome our separation anxiety. Tammy spent about an hour and a half with us then did a follow up appointment 2 weeks later. We have a happy and stress free house now. Thanks Tammy and Howard!!!!
5 If you're planning on going out of town, whether it be a night or a week, bring your dogs to Wiggles and Wags Pet Resort! I was referred to Wiggles and Wags by Arthur at Tempe Feed and Arthur reassured me that Howard and Tammy would do an excellent job taking care of our dogs, had a brand new clean facility, and that they also happened to be good friends.   Wiggles and Wags is a family owned operation that opened up their Pet Resort in the Fall of 2011. I believe Tammy told me she had been training dogs for over 20 years and that she is also a Vet Tech. If your dogs aren't up to date on some of their shots and you're running low on time, give them a call and see if Tammy will be willing to give your dog the shot. Or you can just do it yourself and they'll accept that as long as you keep your receipt and the packaging the shots came in. When I called Howard he was super friendly and informative. Great customer service goes a long way with me......  Anyways, the major thing I like about the Pet Resort I like are that the staff take your dogs out to the play area about every two hours and give them attention. It's very comforting to know that while your away your dogs are being taken care of and being given attention. They even got to play in the hose!!! haha.   They different size units for different size dogs and if you have two or more dogs staying with them, they give you half price on the additional dogs. They're not the cheapest Pet Resort but their pricing is very reasonable. And if you love your dogs enough to put them in a Pet Hotel, you might as well put them in loving and caring hands. The facilities were very clean and all the staff was super friendly.   All I know is next time I go out of town, I'm going to trust Wiggles and Wags to look after my pups.
5 Wiggles and Wags is awesome.  Before we found them, my husband and I always had people come to our home and watch our dogs because they are pampered pooches...  However, one trip came up and we couldn't get a sitter, so we decided to try and board them.  We had heard horror stories from people about other shelters, so we really did our research.  When we called Wiggles and Wags, they were brand new.  They encouraged us to come over and visit them before we made our decision to ask questions and see how everything worked.  When we arrived, we were blown away.  The owners are so kind, and the facilities are perfect.  They keep the dogs in plexiglass suites instead of chainlink kennels, and the property was very clean.  Even though it is in a strip mall, there is a dog run area out back where they take the dogs every 2 hours or so to play.  Out back there is some agility equipment and an area to run around in.  The prices are fair.  It costs about 50 bucks a night for our 2 dogs in a fairly good sized suite.  I like that we can drop off the dogs the morning of our trip and pick them up in the evening of our return and they don't ding you on the pickup/drop off time differences.    The staff is super nice and you can tell that they really love their jobs and the animals.  Love, love, love!
5 I took my puppy to Wiggles and Wags last week for a grooming... and couldn't be more happy.  We also needed a place to board her over New Years, and after the service we received - we have everything booked!  From what I could see, everything is spotless, and the building didn't smell at all.  I was absolutely blown away by the customer service... not only what I received, but what everybody else did too.  I believe I was working with Howard, and he knew everybody that walked through the door - pet AND owners names.   I forgot - I am also booked for training there at the end of January.  If anything goes wrong between now and then I will update this review - but I really don't see that happening!  I am very happy with my service thus far!!
5 We use W and W for training, grooming and boarding. I would not hesitate to recommend them. I also highly recommend enrolling your dog in one of their small group training classes. We can all learn from books, Youtube, etc but it simply does not compare to working with Tammy. The rates are reasonable and her expertise is second to none. Having trained two dogs with Tammy you can clearly see she does not have a cookie cutter approach. She understands each dogs unique qualities and challenges. We have been doing some pre-puppy class training with our puppy Cash and the results have been great.  Our dogs background:  Jet is Mr. Perfect. He came well socialized and trained. Cash is in ready to learn stage. He has some challenges but Tammy's expertise and training is going a long way to fix these issues. I would highly recommend if you have any issues with your dog to go see Tammy and book an individual session. She can then map out a plan for your dog. For us the learning curve is how to train Cash the way he needs to be trained. He is a different dog than Jet. Both are great and willing to learn. Tammy knows many different methods in order to achieve a positive outcome. You can see their pictures on the Wiggles and Wags Facebook page.   Jet is a 1.5 year old Border collie. We got him at 5 months and began working with Tammy immediately. Cash is 4 months (also a BC) and we got him a little over a month ago. He lacked socialization with enough people and dogs.
5 My Sam loved it there.  Very professional, spacious, and smells like strawberries.  The strawberries sold me.  :-)
5 Had my cocker spaniel groomed here twice, and I plan on making it his new grooming place. Staff is friendly, they make sure to ask detailed questions about what you want done. They always get me an appointment within a day or two. The last groom he got was amazing. She did everything I asked and more, it has been his best groom to date, even compared to other places I have taken him. They put a cute little bandana on him too!
3 Very nice facility with grooming and boarding. I was very impressed with the boarding facilities.  The groomer is very thorough in determining what exactly you want for the dogs cut but I am not always satisfied when our dogs cut grow out.   I am looking for another groomer mainly to find someone who will provide a cut that will grow out well.
5 I have reviewed Howard and Tammy's Pet Resort previously, but have had so many more positive experiences, I felt the need to do it again =)  If you're looking for someone to take amazing care of your furry best friend - look no further.  My husband and I have been customers of W&W for years, and we can say that there is no one out there more committed to making sure your pet has just as much of a good time on their vacation as you do on yours =)    We are always impressed with the friendliness of the staff (both toward people and animals, which you would think is a no-brainer, but this sadly isn't true of all kennels), and the cleanliness of the facilities.  You could seriously eat off of the floor, the whole place is sparkling.  Our dog, Ted, is actually excited when we get out of the car at W&W, and he comes home exhausted from playing with all of his puppy friends =)  Tammy and her team also do a wonderful job with obedience classes (we have taken two so far), and grooming.  Ted's haircuts always look neat and trim, and I love the little bandanas that they go home with - so cute!    BOTTOM LINE: I don't know what kind of pet service you're looking for, but whatever it is, I can promise you that W&W do it better than anyone.  I trust almost no one with Ted, but Howard and Tammy have my full confidence.  Use Wiggles and Wags, you won't be disappointed!
5 My dog came from a shelter, and is very shy around other people and dogs.  When we needed to go out of town for a conference, I was hesitant to place him in a boarding facility because he might get bullied by other dogs (Which is what happened to my childhood dog, whose personality was never quite the same after we boarded him).  I took a tour of the facility, and was reassured that they place dogs in group outings based on personality and size, and any shy dogs would be placed together to prevent any personality conflicts.    To get him more adjusted to the facility, I placed him in doggie day-care for a day, and was glad to hear that he did very well, and even made some new doggie friends.  When I brought him back home, he even seemed more responsive and well-behaved.  We placed him in boarding for half a week, and was happy to hear that he had fun playing with other dogs and didn't have any problems while he was there.    The boarding facility is the same as the doggie day care facility, so dogs in the day care will be in the same clear-glass enclosure area as the boarded dogs during rest/nap time.  If you board, you have your choice of 3 different sized rooms, with pricing from $30-40 per night.  There is no check in or check out time, which is nice if you have a hectic schedule and can only pick up or drop off at a certain time.  For the day care though, you have to pick up your dog by 6 P.M., strictly enforced, otherwise your dog will be kept overnight at the facility.  I wish their hours were a little longer for the day care since on my busy work days I am at the office until 6 P.M. and would not be able to place my dog in day care on the days he needs social interaction the most simply because I can only get to the facility at 6:20 P.M. to pick up my dog.
5 We have two former shelter dogs who both provide their own challenges.  One is a sweet lab who loves everyone, but the minute you put a leash on her, she seems to forget that she has any training at all.  The other dog is a mix who is terrified of men, plastic bags, sudden movements, rain, etc.   We have had a hard time boarding them because they require extra attention and often wouldn't receive it at other kennels.  We would get home to reports that our dogs had difficulty adjusting to the kennel and our dogs would be clawing the way out the door to get home while we were trying to pack up their stuff.  I found Wiggles and Wags through a friend's recommendations.  I went to their facility and they gave me a tour.  The facility is beautiful!  The kennels are clean and were remarkably quiet!  The room even smelled fresh (which is amazing in a room full of dogs).  Best of all, play time was included without an added cost.  The staff wanted to do an introduction with the dogs first, to make sure they felt comfortable with my problem children.  Turns out there was nothing to worry about.  The extra attention they provided was all that my dogs needed.  Both dogs had a wonderful time and, although excited to see us when we returned, weren't clawing their way out of the building.  They even washed one of our dog beds since one of our dogs knocked the water bowl over and made a mess!  I couldn't have asked for better treatment.  They even helped me carry everything out to the car!    Wiggles and Wags has an amazing and attentive staff.  I recently moved out of state and am looking for a new kennel.  None of them compare now that I know what is possible.  I definitely recommend this kennel to everyone!
5 I dropped my dogs off at Wiggles and Wags when I went out of town for the weekend and was very pleased with how wonderful the staff was and the quality of care they provided!  My dogs have only been boarded once before, so I'm sure they aren't the easiest visitors! However, I was confident that they were receiving the best care they could get from the staff at Wiggles and Wags!   I'll start with the staff. From the first time I called them, I knew they were truly passionate about that they did and were doing more than just running a business. I was already put at ease before I had even dropped my dogs off!  When I dropped my dogs off, I was very surprised with how nice the doggie rooms were! No cages, no "shelter-like" barricades... They were actual rooms!  They also have cameras throughout the facility that monitor the dogs during afterhours. Live videos are sent directly to the owners iPhone! How awesome is that?  And yet another perk... Most places keep your dogs locked up and only take them for walks/playtime if you pay extra. Not Wiggles and Wags! They rotate dogs in and out of the play area every 1 1/2 hours! If your dogs are kind of sketchy with other dogs (like mine are), no problem, they will bring them out alone! Everything is included in their price (which is very reasonable, by the way).  After seeing how great their pet resort is, I'm definitely considering taking my dogs to their obedience classes now. I would recommend this place to everyone. Another fabulous Yelp find!
5 We love Wiggles and Wags! We just picked up our two bulldogs from a 5 night stay. The dogs love it and we love leaving them in a safe place with people you know will take great care of our babies. One of our dogs has allergies and they did not hesitate giving him special treatment. Our pups will stay here any time we have to be away from them. Great place and great value!
5 Rooney is quite the anxious dog, so we decided to pay Tammy a visit for some private lessons. Very, very reasonably priced. You can definitely tell that Tammy knows what she's doing (if you couldn't figure that out by her extensive background with animals) and she explains things in a way that makes sense, but doesn't make you feel like the world's worst pet owner.  Within a couple of days we've already been able to correct some of Rooney's (and our own!) behavior. I'm looking forward to our next session, and am definitely going to be signing up for the group obedience training as well!
5 I've taking my dogs here a few times now.  Best place I have seen in the tempe or south Scottsdale area.  I checked out a few before and this was hands down the nicest employees and cleanest, best taken care of facility.  Their rates are vary reasonable.  it's not too big so there aren't overcrowding issues.  My dogs come home healthy and happy.
5 I took the fam to Spring Training (if you notice my recent reviews). Of course, no trip would be complete without the family dog. Unfortunately, while the rest of us love baseball (or in the girl child's case, will tolerate it for snacks up to and including cotton candy), our dog isn't much of a fan. She just squirms and wants to jump on everyone. Being that she HATES being away from us though, we took her for the long drive East and snuck her into the hotel for the first night since we got in late.   Bright and early the next morning, I took her over to Wiggles and Wags so she could have a spa day. The woman working at the counter was very nice. Even when I made an obviously incorrect and rude comment about it smelling like the pound (it does not), she was courteous enough not to make it an issue. She put out dog up in a luxury 7'x5' stall and I was off. Quick and painless. She even took it upon herself to call my vet for vacination records since I forgot them.  Some 30+ hours later, I returned for my dog. While she was excited to see me, she didnt' appear to be devastated as she usually does when I leave her for a bit. The groomer did a fantastic job trimming her hair and even put a little bandana and bows on her (I will attempt to upload pictures). All four girls who I spoke to in the time I was there were very nice. I couldn't be happier with this pet resort.
4 I recently adopted a shelter dog and after some training myself decided it would be best to consult a professional in regards to some minor undesirable behaviors. I researched for 2 weeks before finally deciding, based on reviews, that Tammy at Wiggles&Wags would be best. I scheduled a private one hour session. Tammy is a very nice, knowledgeable and professional woman and though she did talk to me the entire hour and give me tips, most of these things I had already read on the internet. I felt paying $90 for a session where I learned maybe two moves to use with my dog was kind of a ripoff, for lack of a better word. I understand training is about teaching the handler but I expected more hands on with my dog for almost one hundred dollars. She was kind enough to give my dog her bordatella and her parvo shot which was great and reasonably priced. I may return for a group session but I have found trainers who will do 4 one on one sessions for $100 not 1 group session for $80 :( I'm disappointed :(
2 The experience I am about to recall is from February. I just now got a Yelp account so figured I would share my experience with Wiggles and Wags.  My wife and I have two pups, a German sheperd mix and a pitbull mix. We felt they needed a spa day so we turned to Yelp to find a spa. With most 5 star reviews Wiggles and Wags was where we decided to go.  We should have known something was up because we had to call at least 3 times to even get someone on the phone to set up an appointment. Once we got ahold of someone we set the appointment for a few days later around 10am. We took our babies in! Felt horrible for the groomer because our dogs are on the strong side. She took them back. They offered to brush their teeth and paint our girl's nails which I was really excited about. Told us it would be about 3 hours for the grooming and that they would call us when they were ready. Three hours past, so I called to see if the dogs were ready. They were so we went to pick them up. Our pups looked awesome! She used the deshedding tool on our sheperd and made her look 10lbs lighter. Also gave them bandanas and painted her nails!  While we were there we decided to sign up for a training class. It was 90$ for an hour and a half of training then a follow up two weeks later which was 30 minutes. Our appointment was at 10am. When we arrived the trainer wasn't even there. She was about 20 minutes late. We finally got settled in a back room. She pointed out certain traits in our dogs and things we could do to help train them. It was very informative.  We then went out front to practice walking. She suggested to us that we should use a harness on our pitbull and a training collar with the sheperd which we purchased there.  After our time was up, we chatted and they told us they would call to arrange the follow up.  Still to this day, we haven't heard from them. This really upset me and made me feel somewhat cheated. If you are looking for a place to get your animals groomed for a decent price I would suggest Wiggles and Wags. But, if you're needing training tips, I wouldn't go here unless you like getting half of what you paid for.
5 We have been here twice so far. The 1st time was to interview them as boarders for our pups. The 2nd time was to have them groomed and a play at puppy camp. There really isn't an accurate way to convey the sense of comfort we have when leaving our pups there. The owners a phenomenal, however Mathis is an asset to their company. She single handedly convinced 2 neurotic puppy parents that our babies would be safe and well taken care of. Their prices are fair, our 2nd pup is 50% off for boarding, their rooms are a nice size, and the price includes numerous play opportunities in their covered play area. When picking our pups up from camp they were happy, looked great, and Mathis had a full report for us. We will happily drive from Chandler to patronize them.
5 Decided to give Wiggles and Wags a try after being tired of sub-par grooming at Petsmart and ludicrous pricing. Needless to say, everyone is giving this place 5 stars for a reason. My dog Peanut had a very bad grooming experience as a puppy, and now it's a feat to get him groomed. He needs to be muzzled or will bite whoever is grooming him (including me, his owner). Everyone I've taken him to in calls me halfway through his appointment telling me they can't work on him. I don't know how Oksana (I think that's how you spell her name) was able to groom him, but she did and she did a GREAT job. He also came out with a super cute bandanna! Also,  I took two dogs in and they were out faster than it takes one dog to be done at petsmart and for a fraction of the cost as well. Will definitely make this my go to place for all my pets needs.  Staff is super friendly, prices are competitive, great environment. 5 stars all the way!
1 I do have to give props to this business for being very good with my timid shy dog.  It's terrible that I have to stop taking her there.  I was delayed from leaving at my job so I called them at 10 til 6 to say I would be there in 15 minutes.  The owner said if I couldn't make it any faster, they would have to keep my dog and board her.  Unfortunately my cat had died Friday so as I slowly sadly drove home I realized I really wanted my dog.  I had paid the owner in advance for 4 days so I went to her and begged her for my dog, as I am still grieving my lost cat.  I told her she could keep all the money but she said it wasn't about money.  I then realized sadly that although they are awesome with my doggie we will have to stop coming because I cannot guarantee I will never be 5 minutes late, especially with my job.  I believe that a service like this, used by working adults, should have some arrangement that works for when you have to work late.  Otherwise they are a good boarder and doggie day care, just whatever you do DO NOT WORK LATE.  In my job that is impossible to avoid. I also felt she was very unforgiving about it.  I wish she had said, come and get your dog, but never do it again, then at least I could be sitting here with my dog instead of her being sad in the boarding facility overnight for the sin of her owner being held hostage in a meeting.....In the meantime, I will be looking on yelp at the other doggie day cares to find one with a more lenient day care policy and I am going to let this day care provider keep my little extra money, as they have really broken my heart.
5 We've been taking our puppy here for daycare for a few weeks now and couldn't be happier!  The facilities are clean and comfortable and the employees are always so nice and happy to see our little guy :)  It's nice to know he's being taken care of by such great people who really love what they do!
5 We've brought our dog in for training and grooming and we couldn't be happier. We took Larry in for obedience training and we gave Tammy the challenge of trying to correct our 10 year olds wayward habits. Needless to say, she is one of the few people (outside of his mother and father) that he likes and she whipped him into shape.  Onto the grooming. Larry sheds like its his business and tends to leave his hairs on everything from our cars to clothes. We take him in every once and awhile to get trimmed and shampooed and it makes a tremendous difference. They really know what they're doing  Tammy and her staff are extremely friendly. As a dog owner it can be nerve racking to leave your canine in the company of someone else. Tammy puts that fear to rest and makes you feel at ease. I trust her with Larry's life. Thanks Tammy.
5 We just picked up our dog Penny from 5 nights of boarding at Wiggles and Wags.  We received a ton of input on how she was, how much she liked to play, how much they loved her, etc.  No matter who you talk to at W&W, they are always enthusiastic and helpful, and totally hands on.  Penny is a small dog, 8 pounds, and the staff at W&W do behavioral studies on each dog, and group them together according to that, to ensure all pooches get along.  Penny comes home happy and healthy and I couldn't be happier with the boarding and doggy day care experience at Wiggles and Wags Pet Resort.  Two big thumbs up!!
2 Was very disappointed with the grooming experience. My Bichon's were not groomed anywhere near breed specs and were shaved shorter than when one of them needed surgery- they didn't keep the breed traditional poufy legs and instead shaved them. They did keep the Bichon bump but it went from practically bald to over 3 inches of hair without a taper so dogs looked silly. I guess the only good thing about the cut is it is so short I can bathe the dogs on my own for a few months before they will need groomed again!   Overall the facility was clean and customer service was good on the phone when scheduling but I won't be returning.
5 We have been consistently impressed by the service at Wiggles and Wags.  Our initial experience with them was when we took our puppy in for obedience classes.  Tammy is a great teacher and she worked individually with owners during the classes to make sure and give specific tips for how to teach our dogs the skills covered.    We bring our dog in for daycare a couple of times a week and have boarded him there a few times as well.  The staff is very friendly, our dog just loves it there with his doggie friends, and their prices are very reasonable!  Our dog is very energetic (to say the least), and they make sure that he gets to play with dogs that are just as rambunctious.  That being said, I know that they try to pair dogs with other dogs that are similar in size and activity level so that they feel comfortable.    I always miss our dog when we board him, but I know that he is in good hands at Wiggles and Wags!
5 Grooming, boarding, daycare. You name it, this is the place to go. My 3 year old rescue attends daycare and is loved and looked after. All three fur kids have been boarded and groomed here, happily. Wonderful staff [special h/t to Amaris, Marianna and Katelyn] led by Howard and Tammy who always greet us warmly. Affordable, immaculate and caring. It simply does not get better.
5 This was the first time I've ever had to board my animal. I was terrified. After studying many reviews, I decided to check out Wiggles and Waggs. I was unsure of what to expect. Now I can say that they have set the bar pretty high. It was a pleasurable and comforting experience from beginning to end. The staff was courteous and helpful. After a brief tour, and a meeting the handlers, I knew my baby was going to be taken care of as one of their own.      At the onset of my trip I was a nervous papa. They offered to send me pictures whenever I requested. The first morning came, and I needed my big girl. So, I took them up on the offer. Any doubts or fears I had were eliminated when I promptly saw how happy she was with her new friends. When I returned home, I looked for any sign of neglect or maltreatment. Not a single thing could be found. I'm unaware of what the going rate is for these services, but I do believe W&W is more than reasonable, especially for the level of care they provide.     As far as other reviews are concerned, I think it's important to remember that sometimes the loudest bark has the least amount of bite(no pun intended). After this experience I refuse to go anywhere else. I highly recommend that you check them out and see for yourself. THANK YOU WIGGLES WAGGS FOR EVERYTHING!
5 I have a goldendoodle, Yankee Doodle, and I am really picky about how he gets groomed. When I first got him I tried several different groomers in the Valley but they all wanted to cut him like a poodle. I found Wiggles and Wags on Yelp last year and they have been amazing! They have always listened to me exactly how I want to have Yankee groomed and do a great job. The best part is Yankee loves going and gets really excited when I bring him. This last time I brought him in he had a lot of mattes in his fur and the people there were very upfront and told me before I left that because of the amount of mattes they would have to charge a little extra. It wasn't a big deal but I thought that was really nice that they told me before hand instead of after the fact when he was already groomed.  This last time I even had them give Yankee a mohawk and he is looking great! Highly recommend this place!
5 Took my 6 mos old pupppy there while we were in Mexico. I dropped in unexpectedly and was happy to see that all the kennels were free of feces and urine. Didn't even smell like a dog boarder. Play area looked clean and well kept with little tunnels and slides for the dogs. I like that they  let them outside to play every two hours for 15 minutes, and they even keep track of who they played with. They give treats (that you provide) generously. The smallest size kennel was about the size of largest size kennels at other places I have taken my dogs. Price was right and people were nice. My puppy was so excited to see the lady that worked there that it took him a minute to realize I was standing beside her :)
5 My husband and I were looking for a nice place to board our 2 little dogs while we went on vacay for 10 days. After searching the Internet we found Wiggles and Wags and we r soooo happy we did. We just picked them up after their stay and this is the first time EVER that they looked happy and healthy after boarding them. We r so grateful that we found a place that will take care of our precious furbabies as well as we do. Thanks so much to the staff for taking such GREAT care of them!!!!
5 6 stars.  EXCELLENT.  Great experiences 100 percent of the time.  I board my two cocker spaniels with WAW and I take them here for grooming.  The groomers are very attentive to the dogs' needs, more than any other groomer that I have previously used (and I have used some really good ones.)  I leave detailed notes for the care of the dogs whether grooming or boarding and WAW consistently delivers great service.  Thank you, WAW !!!! :-)  I'm moving out of state and wish I could take you guys with me wherever I go.  There is nothing like the peace of mind of knowing your dogs are in a positive, friendly place when you cannot be with them.  Sigh... I miss you guys!
5 Took my dogs there for the first time ever for 9 days I was nervous because no one loves there there pets like the owner does well I can sure tell that the staff did a amazing job with my two dogs Harley and Rosie and the reason I know this is because my pets seem happy and before when I would leave them with someone else my boy dog want eat and gets him self sick while am away and this time they both had eaten all there food and also snacks they also took pictures as well and my Harley was all relaxed so if u r looking for a place to care for pets go to wags and wiggles they are one of the best I have ever seen thank you again for caring for my pets while away see u soon   A very happy customer
5 One of the nicest places to take your dog in the Tempe area! Staff is always friendly, will let you tour the entire facility and they make sure your dog gets out frequently! Very clean!
5 We have never had any issues with Wiggles and Wags Pet Resort. We have used them since the day they have opened. The owners and staff have always been nothing but helpful and grateful for our business. Our dogs love it there. Our dogs also get groomed there.  I seriously doubt the claims of the two posters about their dog getting sick at W&W.  The place is always clean and the dogs are always well cared for.  Sorry your dog is sick but owners of a business should not have to pay your vet bill if they had nothing to do with your dogs illness.
1 ***WARNING*** DO NOT PLACE YOUR DOG HERE**** Terrible problem with communication from staff members to the front office and back to the owner. My poor dog developed a bad intestinal parasite for which it is now being treated with a strong antibiotic, and special diet.  The so called "day care" is anything but. Cramming 5-7 dogs in a small space all day that was not being cleaned properly lead to vet bills and a very serious attitude change in my dogs behavior that I can only attribute to being locked up with so many other animals for hours on end.  I was NEVER even shown the outside area where the dogs are taken for a potty break. I can say I peeked and all I saw was a concrete slab and rocks, wow!!.....just a terrible set up. I found another daycare in that same area with a beautiful facility and a truly caring staff, for the exact same amount per day, with 3 free days to start. They even clean your dogs bowl and blankets for you. Wiggles and Wags did nothing of the sort for my dog, and sadly she was treated more like cattle than a dog that needed attention and love. Wiggles and Wags failed on every level.  Just do a search of facilities in that general location and you will find a very nice brand new facility with the best staff I could have ever hoped for. I am SOOO glad I took my dog out of Wiggles and Wags and frankly they should be ashamed of the way they are currently running their business. Just because they have been around awhile does not mean they are better, in this case they seem to have little empathy for the animals well being, but they sure love to take your money! AVOID WIGGLES AND WAGS AT ALL COSTS!  My only hope in publishing this honest review is that W and W will get their act together and put the well being of the animals before their profits! Listen to your customers, for you will not be receiving any recommendations from this customer, and word of mouth is more powerful than you may think.
5 We boarded our two dogs for 10 days while we were on a trip overseas.  I decided to go to Wiggles and Wags due to the reviews on Yelp, and what I found when I visited.  The owner (Tammi) and receptionist were personable and seemed very caring.  When I e-mailed  with a question the next day, it was answered immediately.    I met both of the main handlers who seemed very caring and kind.  I love the policy that the dogs are allowed to play on a continuing rotation...not just one or two times per day.  I couldn't call them while we were away because our phones wouldn't work overseas, but I emailed and on two occasions, they sent me a picture of our "girls."  That meant the world to us.    I would go there again, as, so far, this is the best option I have found.  It worries me a bit because there is not someone there overnight, but they indicated they have webcams so they can see into both long hallways of the facility.  (I still wish someone was there overnight...)   All in all, if you have to board your dogs, I think this is a great option.
