5 The first time I was here, I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ Short Ribs Plate ($7.65) to go. It comes w/2 scoops of rice & 1 scoop of macaroni salad.  They give you a lot. I couldn't finish it in one sitting. It was good.  They give you a stamp card. It is either Buy 8 or 10 regular and get 1 free.  The second time I was here, I ordered the BBQ Mix Plate ($7.95). There is BBQ beef, BBQ chicken, and BBQ short ribs w/2 scoops of rice & 1 scoop of macaroni salad. It was yummy and there was a lot of food.  There are a bunch of specials posted on the wall that is not on the regular menu. A few I can remember that I will definitely come back and try are the Coconut Chicken Plate, Lumpia, and Garlic Chicken.  The place is clean and has a LCD on the wall. I think it is family owned and everyone was super nice.
4 Back for my third stamp. OK it's buy 9 reg and get 1 free.  They now have smoothies and thai tea w/boba.  I got the Coconut Chicken($7.75). Comes with 2 scoops of rice and 1 scoop of macaroni salad. It was good. I would have given 5 stars if it had pieces of coconut in it. I also got a Thai Tea w/Boba($3.50). It was a large, so the price is ok. The boba need to be cooked a little longer though.
4 Lately I have been neglecting yelp and Hawaiian BBQ.  Now seems like a good time to stop neglecting both.    Aloha we have free wifi here.  I don't think the location of this place is very great.  I barely noticed it when I drove by and had a hard time telling if it was open yet or not.  It's also right next door to a gym that nobody goes to.    Other than that I think the prices and food are pretty great, especially with the size of the servings.  You can get a mini order for around $5.55 and a regular sized for $7ish depending on what you get.  The mini size is pretty nice and filling on it's own.  Regular is nearly double (or maybe more) the food.  Speaking of more food the spam masubi here is massive.  I guess they ran out of ideas on how to decorate the place because on one wall they have shirts the employees wear and they sell them.  That's pretty funny to me.  The staff here is nice but they never gave me a card to get stamps.  They have a nice tv in here but it's always on CNN, so the 2 times I've gone here I ordered to go because the news would bore and depress me.  I like the food here a lot and would definitely recommend this place.  The end.
4 Its good my husband LOVES the meat platter... I love the sauce you get with the katsu chicken!! :)
5 This is great.  The service is awesome.  The portions are large.  The price is right.  You can't get any better than that.  It is family owned and operated.  They remember their customers.  This place easily beats on the competition such as Aloha and LL.  They are in an odd location but it is easy to see the big neon sign that says OPEN.  And the TV is not always on CNN.  I have watched basketball several times in there.  If you haven't tried it, get to #1 Hawaiian BBQ now.
5 This place is BOMB! The meat platter was sooooo good and their rice is that great sticky rice. It took a while to get the food and it was a tad pricey to me, but when I got the food it was worth the wait and a ton of food! :) I will definitely go back.
5 Love this place!!! Good food & great staff.  my favorite place to get lunch or dinner!!
2 Aloha N Vegas yelpers!  My bf introduced me to Hawaiian Barbeque. It's our neighborhood Hawaiian spot.  Reading all the good reviews I got excited! I've been here a few times and ordered the laulau & kalua pig combo and the seafood and bbq short ribs combo. Either the meat was too dry or the taste wasn't right.   Considering other local spots in Las Vegas, I have to say I had better. My bf still likes coming here because it's close to us but I choose Hawaiian Barbeque as my last resort... sorry! I rather drive into town to eat at other Hawaiian spots.  1 star for location and 1 star for variety on their menu.  I'm sure I'll be back... I'll try other things on the menu and maybe... just maybe I'll bump it up to 3 stars.
4 Food is good, nice family owned place, and I love that they have a TV! The prices are decent and I like their specials.. Free or included stuff is a plus!
5 FOOD: All good so far. Comes with rice and pasta salad for the most part. They have daily specials (handwritten signs by the register).  SERVICE: Always quick, always pleasant.  AMBIANCE: Seating is limited. if you have a big group, be there before 12:00.
5 Love this place! When me and my wife went the other day, we couldnt make up our mind on what to order because not only do they have your basic menu, but they also have a boatload of specials that is not on their basic take home menu.   So we decided to get the seafood mix and and bbq beef mix. I also ordered the pineapple fried rice (yes, I said pineapple fried rice!). We ordered it to go so while we were waiting, I noticed several people come in and order the ube (taro) smoothies. I guess it must be that good if people come in there just to order that! In the midst of this, the lady that took our order told us that they messed up the pineapple fried rice. She apologized and offered us free drinks for our inconvenience. I must say that I was impressed with her forwardness and honesty. So we had to wait another couple of minutes but I didnt mind cuz we were compensated accordingly.  Now their food is self explanatory. Doesnt matter what you order. Whether its chicken, beef, or fish, everything is good! Portions are big especially when you order the regular size. The macaroni salad is very tasty.  Their location is quite cozy so if you come with a big party and plan on eating there, good luck! Driving on Losee, if you dont really look for their sign, you will pass them for sure.
4 We tried the BBQ chicken plate, Portuguese sausage loco moco and egg rolls. The loco moco wasn't so loco since they forgot to give us the gravy (take-out)... Chicken was tasty and so were the egg rolls. The egg rolls are greasy though so beware if you are not into greasy egg rolls.
5 This Hawaiian food is great! The Chicken Katsu and BBQ Mix Plate are my favorite. Fast and Friendly service, food is very consistent.
4 One of my favorite Hawaiian restuarants in Las Vegas.   What I've Tried: -Katsu Chicken w/Rice:  My usual order.  My opinion, the best Katsu I've tried out here.  -Chicken BBQ w/Rice:  Okay, can be greasy.  I usually have to pat the chicken drive to get the grease out.  Wish they would skin the skin.  -Spam Masubi:  My 2nd favorite item on here. No too small, not too big.  -Macaroni:  Average, but still manage to finish it every time I get it.  Couple of things about this place that you may like or dislike.  This place is dead, rarely anyone in here eating.  Most of the time I walk in, it's usually just me or one other guest.  Because this place is empty, my belly always gets tricked to thinking food will be ready quick. Wrong...always seem to have to wait for my food longer than most Hawaiian restuarants.  Here's why and what I've noticed....A lot of people phone in their orders for pick up and get the delivery service.  Staff is always good and they actually bring the food to you instead to calling you up.    Tip:  If you are starving, call in your order 5-10 minutes before you arrive.  At least I know my food is being cooked and is always fresh.
4 It's a small place so it gets packed rather quickly.  The food is good and there's quite a variety.  I must say they have better food than Zippy's in Hawaii.  I like their spam musubi, loco moco, chicken katsu, kalbi and boba tea.  They deliver too!
4 When it comes to hawaiin I would say this place is better then average with a pretty robust selection overall. I swear they have like a hundred of sheets of papers up listing off menu items. I definitely have to hand it to them when it comes to the mac salad, very tasty. Only downside is the price is a tad high in my opinion, but not breaking the bank by any standards.
4 Still a fan, especially since they deliver.  Recent Additions: -Loco Moco w/Brown Rice:  Double patties with scrambled eggs.  Pretty good.  My favorite is from Cheeseburger (PH).  Still hits the spot.  -Fried Mahi Mahi:  Just okay.  Ordered recently because I needed to add more fish to my diet.  A fishy fish if you know what I mean, but not bad at all.  My favorites here is still their Katsu and Spam Masubi.  My opinion, better than most.
5 The whole family loves this place, if you haven't tried it, the staff will make recommendations.  They are always friendly and quick.  We call ahead our orders on the way home from work.  Try the kahula pork or the lau lau with rooster sauce. Soooooo yummy!  Picky eaters would probably like the chicken katsu, also very good!
4 This place gets a solid4-star from me. It's close to home, and serves good quality Hawaiian take-out. I ordered the BBQ mix plate and the chicken mix plate. The staff was nice, the restaurant was clean, everything you expect from a Hawaiian BBQ restaurant.
4 Good food and decent prices. Close to home and best spot to go when having those hawaiian/korean food cravings.
4 DELICIOSO!!!!!! This place is quick, friendly, cheap, FUCKING GOOOOOOD!!!! Why am i only giving it 4 stars if its soooo good. psh duh cus I've only had the food here twice 1.Sea food combo plate (delicious btw shrimp,fish, rice, mc salad) 2. Musubi, perfect not greasy or soggy rice perfection in every bite. I will most deff update my review when i get to try more dishes, how can you review a restaurant when you only eaten there once or in my case twice actually!?!?!?!?!/ Any who super nice friendly service, delicious food!   ******OH YA!!!! military peeps you get a free beverage if your active duty!!! don't quote me on that but I did and that's what the cashier told me when she saw my ID. in my wallet so FYI just ask
5 I love this place so much. I like it better than L&L and I'm from Hawaii lol. I love there chicken katsu and bbq mix plates are amazing. They give free drinks if your military to so that's a plus.
2 Good, average food. Not the greatest but it hits the spot. 808 Hawaii Mixed Plate up the road has some fancier dishes, a little more tasty, but you get what you expect here.
4 It's Hawaiian bbq, what's not to love!   The service here is very nice and friendly! Food always hot and fresh, except for the kaluah pork before closing. Tends to be a little dry late night but that's understandable.  Our favorite Hawaiian spot to date.
2 With 808 Hawaiian Mixed Plate not too far away....this place just doesn't cut it for me.  I ordered the "garlic chicken"....no garlic...just sweet and sour chicken?! Very misleading description.  Coworker orders Portuguese sausage/eggs/rice...what can go wrong, right?!  Um...the box opens and I ask did you order corn beef hash....it is some strange dried spam patty looking thing...no bueno.   They should probably just call this place China Barbecue, because there isn't anything Hawaiian that I can spot.  We also tried the ahi tuna poke...I will give them credit for having fresh fish, even if the marinade wasn't amazing.
5 We used to drive down to the L&L at Centennial to get Hawaiian BBQ. Not anymore, I finally convinced Jason to try this place with me- he caved when I mentioned that they deliver. Figures that we called in an order for pick up anyway.  We ordered the usual, BBQ mixed plate and chicken Katsu. We also got a manapua and an extra macaroni salad. The queue time given was 10 minutes. I hopped in the car and when I got there the food was ready.. Awesome!   I admit, I'm not a trusting person when it comes to to-go orders. I notoriously check my bag for all the things they forgot, but I was pleasantly surprised to see they packed everything; 2 of each dipping sauce, 2 forks, 2 knives, and napkins.   Everything was delicious, and there seemed to be more food in the box than is served up at L&L. So we were happy to have leftovers for lunch the next day. Yummy.
1 tried the short ribs, by far the worst short ribs ive ever had. It had no taste and it was gamey.
4 Hawaiian BBQ is my favorite Hawaiian place in North Vegas. The thing that makes them just a step higher than 808 mixed plate is that they have fried rice and they deliver. They will even deliver to the Airforce base. The food is always good and I have never had bad service. The short ribs are my favorite!
5 Mu husband and I are frequent regulars. Hawaiian food is my crutch. Their short ribs are amazing & if you don't try their avocado boba smoothie you're seriously missing out! The employees are always so friendly & the store is very clean and presentable.
1 First and Last time!!! I just got food delivered and it was terrible. I found a big black hair in my chicken, I'm a blonde so definately not mine. The ribs were mostly fatty, and the curry sauce was nasty. So disappointing
5 Good food at a very good price.  I am looking forward at ordering some the katsu curry next.  The chix katsu and the spam masubi was great.  The only problem was location marked on yelp.  The actual address was different from the actual location marked on yelp.   Other than that issue, we will be back for more.
2 I had to be honest and dock a few stars off here. I ordered the BBQ mix plate which included chicken, beef and short ribs. There just wasn't any flavor in the meat. I have tasted better in the area. The mac salad was kind of bland as well and I'm such a sucker for that, but sadly disappointed.
5 Amazing mango bubble tea and seafood and meat combo. We stopped in late one evening while visiting Vegas and we were glad we did. All our food was good and very worth the price.
4 I have order about have the menu. This place is very good. The chicken katsu and the misubi is delicious. I did order the orange chicken and the only critique is not to use to much garlic it orange chicken after all not garlic chicken and the garlic does need to be cooked so it doesn't over power the dish. And the lumpia needs to be fried with very hot oil so it doesn't come out to greasy/oily.
5 I live right around the corner and decided to try this place after a year! It is delish! I had the spam, eggs, rice, and macaroni plate...portions are a-plenty, food is awesome, prices are great, and service was fast! I'm going back today!
5 Food is really good. Service is really good. Come here once a week at least. My favorite is the katsup chicken.  The girl at the cashier is super nice, but they all are.
4 Food is always good. Close to our home and it's our go-to for Hawaiian. We had an issue with our food once and the manager was very apologetic and gave us a certificate in the amount of our entire check. Everything we've tried is good, but we usually go for the BBQ chicken and Chicken katsu.
3 Always have a few people in here and the food is pretty typical.  Quick stop for an average lunch.  Kalua pork has good flavor, curry is too blah but their crab rangoon is always good.
3 This place was ok, reminded me of L&L from the menu items but lower quality. I'm pretty sure the owners aren't from Hawaii either. I had a BBQ mix plate which came with chicken, beef and short ribs. The meat was tasteless and under marinated/seasoned and I had to use the provided sauce which I usually don't use. The beef and ribs were slightly overcooked but not too bad, just made it more chewy. Not sure if I just ordered the wrong thing because I read a bunch of good reviews. Might have to come back and try other items to see if maybe just the BBQ is off.
5 Good food, only downside in quality being the macaroni, it sucks. The employees are super friendly, and very helpful, go in and get a Thai tea boba, you'll thank me later!
2 You can tell this place doesn't believe in the Hawaiian BBQ name, they don't use it when you call.  They use their franchise name #1 BBQ.  What a let down.
5 Great employees, decent prices, huge portions, amazing food
4 A little gem right by my daughters school :-) The food/skinny I usually get the kalua pork plate no cabbage (#16) and it is good not great (comparing to Hawaii pork which I shouldn't) it is a lot better than L & L I will say the Mac salad is always on point cold and delicious. We just tried the garlic cheese fries for the first time and omg I wish we ordered the large and not the mini they were beyond delicious very garlicky and lots and lots of cheese. My girlfriend usually orders the shrimp burger and Mac salad and she loves it. I also love the fact that the menu is so big and has lots of options I always leave full, the girl that works the front is always very nice and sweet she never messes up our order.  The bad  The location is sometimes a bit of a drive they should open a few more places as this good is great.  This place is a gem and all the people who live or work in north Las Vegas should check this place out.
3 Never had "Hawaiian BBQ" before I lived in Vegas, therefore I can't speak of the authenticity here. They have dishes with spam, if that counts for anything. This location was my usual go-to if I was in the mood for macaroni salad and fried food. The "Hawaiian" mac salad is heavy on the mayo, but seriously good. My favorite dishes here are the chicken katsu and  the seafood combo, which includes mahi mahi, scallops, and shrimp.  Get the katsu sauce for dipping, as it's really good on everything. The service here is very friendly, and the food is prepared fast and is always consistent in quality. They added "healthy" plates at some point, and the shrimp is very good with a nice salad, but if you're not a fan of garlic, beware. Very garlicky! Great spot for takeout (really great if you're hungover).
5 The mahi mahi here was really good and you get a lot ! It was served on a pile of white rice with lemon wedges. I would definitely recommend it.
5 Lived in Hawaii for many years and the good here is just like a remember. Keep in mind this is Hawaiian "fast food". Had all the classics and then some. Highly recommend it. Also was inexpensive and nice size portions.
3 Spam...ok Chicken...very good Beef...very thin, tends to be inconsistent on flavor. Mahi Mahi... Today it was horrible Rice...good Macaroni salad... Good  And that folks was my BBQ Mix plate today..
1 The taste of the food was ok but I wasn't even finished eating and started to feel sick.  I got the chicken katsu plate. Just left there maybe 15 minutes ago and as soon as I get to a bathroom I will be puking. No good.
1 Ordered short rib plate. Took 2 bites but the ribs were rubbery sand had a funny smell to me so I didn't eat them. The mac salad wasnt all that either. And then there was a roach inside as well. Doubt Ill be back.
4 Everything about this place was good, the employees, the menu, the food. I've tried other Spam Musubis around the area, best ones in my opinion are at this place. I've tried the chicken and steak from other Hawaiian food chains as well, nothing compared to these guys, there's a reason there #1
