3 Nice wee cafe this. It's just a shame it took them more than 20 minutes to make two paninis. Eve. Then they only arrived after prompting. The three points are for the good cup of coffee, tasty hommus and pleasant surroundings. Don't think I'll be returning if I'm ever in a hurry though.
4 The newest of the two Olly Bongo's branches in Edinburgh, this cosy café is a great spot for eating out whilst still eating food that tastes home-cooked.  There are always three different soups on every day - two of which are veggie - but the lentil and bacon never fails. I have eaten here several times, both for breakfast and for lunch, and i would struggle to say which one is better as both are consistently tasty and good value for money.  For breakfast, for those with larger appetites i'd recommend the Breakfast Bagel (£5.95) which comes stacked high with crispy bacon, beans and a fried egg; or for those wanting a slightly healthier start to the day then the Light Bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese, or the generous portion of granola with fresh fruit and yogurt is definitely worth trying.  Despite it's location right next to the University campus, this café is popular with students and non-students alike, and its easy to see why.   Don't miss... the Multi-Vit Smoothie (£2.95) with kiwi, strawberry, banana and pineapple; extremely effective for curing flu and hangovers alike!
3 This is a lovely little cafe that is very traditional. As Fiona said, it is very traditional and has a strong sense of home-cooking about it.  Their bagels are to die for. There's no other way to put it. They are amazing, but their prices aren't. Yeah it's probably one of the best bagels I've ever had, but also one of the most expensive.  Their smoothies too are really good, this is probably what I buy most from here. They have a variety to choose from, and if you tell the people behind the counter what you need - i.e. either energy boost or something to lift you up, they will provide.
4 This was previously Glen Has Cafe and when it closed I was gutted! Fortunately it reincarnated with the same menu , same friendly staff, just different decor and so it remains one of my favourite cafes. This is partly to do with the proximity to Edinburgh University and my flat but mainly to do with the friendly staff, great coffee and even better bacon butties!  On the few days that weather is nice here in the grim North the windows are thrown open and you can sit in the window on cushions and feel like you are sitting outside. When it's cold (which is more likely) they have cosy sofas to snuggle on with a bowl of soup or cup of coffee.   Other than staple breakfast and lunch items (paninis, soup, full English/Scottish breakfasts) they also do some really tasty mezze platters that are great for sharing.
3 6 hours later and I'm still full after my lunch at Olly Bongo's. My first visit here for lunch with a friend, and I was quite intrigued by the random mix of good traditional Scottish lunch options (breakfast bagels, baked tatties, sandwiches, soup) and the Turkish influence of mezze platters, lamb kebabs and even mousakka on the menu.  Going against my usual sandwich option, I pipped for the baked potato with coronation chicken. Usually I like my baked potatos super crispy with the skin peeling off the flesh slightly, and super soft inside. It wasn't perfect but it was still certainley satisfying. The chicken coronation had a lovely deep flavour, and I suspect was full-fat mayo so a little rich but still tasty. It was nice that it came with salad, olives, feta, and a little bit of rice - again the turkish influence.  It wasn't particularly cheap, and a baked potato and tea came to over £7 which is perhaps a little steep for a quick lunch.   It is a pleasant cafe, pretty decoration, relatively quiet and there's free wifi so I may well pop in again for a smaller option. There's a plethora of breakfast and lunchtime spots in the area that I still need to explore, but Olly Bongo's was A-ok.
4 This is a great, cozy place to pop in for a hearty, filling breakfast or lunch. The Turkish influence is evident in the decor - colorful wall hangings and squashy throw pillows abound - and subtly influences the menu, while its proximity to the university ensures that prices are low and value is excellent. If the weather's decent, the big front windows will be thrown open - we weathered the beginning of Hurricane Katia in one of the window seats, fortifying ourselves with the full breakfast and hot, strong coffee. And a great option for hangover breakfast, if you're so inclined...
3 Spent an hour or so there this afternoon reading a book after a day out in the cold air and sunshine.    It was incredibly comfortable and the guy serving me was great, friendly and quick. Comfy seats and warm atmosphere only spoilt every so often by some guy outside testing the bass in his car!!   The Coffee blend was good but not quite to my taste. Flat white was not really a flat white, more a latte with less milk, but the cappuccino was very drinkable. However the coffee was hot, well priced and hit the spot so I shouldn't complain!   I also got a slice of cheese cake which was good but not amazing - it was a bit chewy which was a little odd however not unpleasant!   Anyway a good place to spend a few hours chilling out or hanging out with friends and I will definitely be going back to try the food which looked great.
3 Popped into what used to be Blunt a couple of weeks ago for a cuppa and a bite to eat in the evening. Service was considerate & swift and pot of tea for two was a very good size. The potato wedges were well cooked and served with more than one dip so that was a pleasant touch. The tuna salad was well presented and filling so all in all a decent dining experience that didn't cost the earth.
4 Look at the size of that baked potato. Just look at it (click on the photos to see what I mean). Ok, the photo doesn't even do it justice. For £5 of my earthly pounds, I was presented with the biggest freshly baked tattie and coronation chicken. A nice wee touch was that the coronation chicken had also been baked for a short while with the potato, so it wasn't that terrible contrast of fridge-cold mayo on piping hot tattie.   But that's not the only reason I was so happy. It was Christmas Eve and a good friend and I were looking for brunch. Everywhere else in the Old Town, Uni area was shut. ER'RYWHERE! Apart from Olly Bongo's. And they presented us with service with a smile too.  The menu covers a lot of things: Breakfasts (Full Scots, as well as porridge and muesli), baked potatoes, sandwiches, paninis, burgers, salads and mezze plates. It's not necessarily specialising in any of them, but what they serve up is good size portions, fresh and tasty.  If I'm honest I wouldn't come to Olly Bongo a lot for my lunch as I can't really fit that much tatite into one wee Jen on a regular basis. I do love the decoration inside though, the Turkish patterns and cloths. A strange contrast to the full fry-ups you see on people's plates, but hey it's a Turkish owned café in Scotland. Makes sense I suppose?
4 I love Olly Bongo's. This inconspicuous little cafe on the corner of Teviot Place is one of the city's fun and quirky places to sit down, have a chat and enjoy a great plate of food. You'd walk right past it and write it off as it doesn't look like much from the outside, but if you step through the doors it's likely you'll get a different impression entirely.   The cafe is decorated in a Turkish/middle eastern theme and I always opt for their dishes from the region. Mezze plate for the win! (See my photo as evidence backing up that excited statement.) The food is really tasty, portioned generously and served with a smile.   Haven't gotten around to the cakes yet. Another excuse to visit some time soon!  BTW, they also do student discount so remember to flash the matriculation card to get 10% off.
5 Excellent food, friendly staff, and wonderful atmosphere!
3 I went to Olly Bongo's to use a voucher for a turkish dinner for 2.  Started off with a shared meze platter, which was delicious. It came with houmous, cous cous, stuffed vine leaves, olives and roasted vegetables plus some toasted pitta bread. It was all good, great flavours and the plate was finished quickly.  For main course I chose a mixed kebab (chicken and lamb). What was offered was about 3 pieces of chicken and 2 small minced lamb patties. Again, it was all very flavourful - but I cannot help but wonder if this was a 'voucher portion'. The price you would pay for this dish is £8.90 and I think you can get a bit more for your money's worth elsewhere (quantity wise).   The wine (merlot) that we drank with this meal was very nice and we asked for more wine.. large glass. Now the drinks seem more reasonable. Large glass of red for £3.50.   The meal was finished with a turkish coffee, which was nice but nothing exceptional. However, I think I would come here again, maybe for a lunch time snack as the food is tasty.
3 One of the last days of this voucher, so we booked a visit and were able to sit in the opened window when arrived. I like this outside-but-inside tent like feeling they've created. A nice selection of scatter cushions and enough space between tables.   The menu was supplied and we were advised what we could order. A sharing mezze starter with a pitta bread each was very tasty and I like the fresh yoghurt sauce.  However main course my chicken shish-kebab surprised me as it was smaller than I expected it to be. It wasn't shish-kebabed - it was 6 loose pieces of (very tasty and moist) chicken and some Pitta bread. I felt more like a tiny taster / starter portion than an actual main course.   The 'included' wine was supplied in small sampling glasses - you know those that fit 2 bowls of icecream and that is it. But when asked for medium size of the same whine we got some proper sized glasses. - was it because we actually paid proper prices for that instead of a groupon voucher?   Service was attentive and efficient enough seeing how busy it was and  the waitress was by herself.  - Although bringing out a main BEFORE you clear the starters is in every restaurant a 'no, no'.   We got a nice Turkish coffee afterwards.   In all it was not bad, nice enough but nothing special.
4 Hungry and tired buskers need food and fast! So after a stint of busking in the midst of the Fringe, we headed to the nearest food joint which happened to be Olly Bongo's! With no expectations but just hungry bellies, we ventured inside.   The exterior is quaint and homely and we were met by lovely aromas and friendly, welcoming staff. We went for chilli nachos to share and thought it would be something that would just do the job. - Something moderately priced, share-able and that would keep us busking in to the night.  We were given a generous portion of nachos with humous, guacamole, creme fraiche, salsa and chilli. It was full of flavour and certainly hit the spot! If in need of food when in the area, I'll be back!
