5 I had a very enjoyable lunch at Mother India last weekend. The idea of tapas-style Indian food is very appealing as you get to try a whole variety of dishes rather than just a couple of main courses.    We split our choices between vegetable sand meat. A crispy chilli chicken dosa, standard chicken curry, mushroom bhaji and okra and potatoes. Unlike some asain restaurants they didn't seem afraid to put a bit of a spice kick into their food which was appreciated.    As another reviewer points out ,you'll need at least one portion of rice per person as they are quite small but the great thijng about the tapas style is you can keep ordering until you've had your fill.    Service was very friendly and food delivered promptly. I'd have no hesitation about a return visit.
4 Mother India had long been considered one of the best places to get a curry in Glasgow, so the decision to open a branch in Edinburgh was a good one. When the cafe opened in Edinburgh in 2008 the locals breathed a collective sigh of relief, finally an establishment had opened that put a new perspective on Indian food. The menu advises that you order 2 to 3 dishes per person and share everything tapas style; my favourite thing about going out for a curry is sampling what everyone else has ordered, and that's exactly what Mother India has capitalised upon. Everything is cooked to order and brought to your table as soon as it's ready. When dining with a large group of people, you easily forget how much you've ordered and the dishes just seem to keep on coming (which is no bad thing given how delicious it all is!). Highlights on the menu include the spiced haddock, which is cooked to perfection in tinfoil, and the butter chicken, a heavenly concoction that tastes so good it must be very very bad for you!  The food here is tasty, the prices are cheap and the atmosphere is convivial - just make sure you come with a few friends, so you can sample as many dishes as possible
3 A friend told me I should go and try this place, presumably because he was so sick of me banging on about In Delhi just up the road from here.   Maybe I didn't go in with an open mind, but I have to say there was nothing particularly special about this place. Yes, they do an amazing selection of spiced, herbal or green teas, and yes the nibbles-sized dishes on the food menu were tasty (the mushroom poori and chilli chicken dosa in particular), i thought the whole place lacked a bit of character that so many other indian eateries have.   The furniture/décor was very formal and serious, which is pretty much the opposite of what a restaurant with a tapas mentality should be in my opinion - I loved how we were constantly dipping into eachother's dishes sampling sharing them all, but sitting at those tables I felt as though I was doing something I shouldn't be every time I did.
4 An Indian style tapas restaurant which although quite new is very popular with the locals. I really like this place just because I can order a selection of Indian foods and try a bit of a variety. However, if it's crowded (which is usually is) it gets very noisy, as the sound seems to bounce of the walls and celling.  Our waiter was good, although if you have a small tolerance for very hot stuff do not go with their suggestions of medium- our was charmingly tearing up during my date.(so pretty with makeup down my cheeks- yes) On Friday's and Saturday evenings book in advance. It's reasonably priced as far as Edinburgh restaurants as well.
3 I was really excited about visiting Mother India in Edinburgh, considering the repute of Mother India in Glasgow and the established knowledge that the group's food has blown away a lot of people, not least the competition. The restaurant has a cute little premises on Infirmary Street, small, but perfectly formed and set around two levels, and with a good bit of room on the downstairs floor too.  I appreciate the idea of Indian tapas is quite a novel one, or it certainly seems to be something you don't encounter often. Being a big fan of tapas and Spanish food, I do understand the attraction of having little snack size portions of quite a few dishes, and not limiting yourself to the one variety, which normally I would firmly approve of, considering my indecisive nature and food jealousy tendencies when other people are presented with their meal. As tasty as all the food here was, I found the tapas aspect a bit too much for me, with my palate unable to cope with the amount of different spices and Indian taste sensations it was being bombarded with. Perhaps I'm just inexperienced in this field, and need to give tapas Indian style more of a chance, but for now I'm sticking with my main Indian dish, rice, and naan. Feel free to call this boring, but it seems I'm old fashioned and stuck in my ways when it comes to certain types of food
4 Mother India is something different. Although at the time I didnt realsise there was a Mother India in Glasgow, when I was here recently, I knew I had found something a bit special.   Set aside in a tiny fronted building, inside Mother India spans two floors and is a lovely mixture or traditional and more modern concepts when it comes to the decor. It's actually rather pleasing on the eye, and if I were able to bring a few scatter cushions and a bean bag, I would have a perfect chill out space. Anyway...  The food here is something different - its kind of like the bastard love child of Spain and India - a selection of tiny portions designed to be eaten Tapas style, but from a very indian menu. The concept actually work very well - the food is not only excellent, but by ordering lots of dishes everybody gets a taste of what they fancy without suffering from food envy.  There is, depending on what combination of food you order, a overpowering sense of flavour which may be unpleasent to some peoples tastes, however, anything that manages to put a modern spin on Indian food is good with me. It also helps that I love tapas. So, "Yay! I'm a fan."
3 I first noticed Mother India's Cafe when sitting in cafe Nero across the road, looking out. It looked interesting so I had to try it.  This Indian Restaurant certainly is a bit different. As the others have suggested, it isn't just another takeaway or Indian buffet house, but a tapas style restaurant where you can sample many dishes. In this respect Mother India's Cafe earns points for being different.  I did enjoy the food here at Mother India's Cafe but I more enjoyed the tea. The latter was quite exciting, the former, for all its ingenuity, wasn't as great as I had hoped. I also have to agree with Fiona about the setting. Inside it is rather too bland and formal and I didn't feel overly relaxed.  At the same time the waiter was very friendly and the pricing was average. Not a bad Indian restaurant with a novel idea, but it could do with improving its atmosphere.
4 My first trip to this restaurant was a snap decision, one I'm extremely happy about. The moment I realized it serves Indian food, tapas style, I had a little bit of an epiphany.. sure they'd obviously already come up with the idea, but I still felt it was incredibly genius and worth having an epiphany over any how.  And yes, the food did rock my world! For the small amounts that each meal comes in (this is my only complaint, more PLEASE!) there's a lot of quality packed in. I had a wonderful chicken curry with nuts (giggle), spicy prawns, some pakoras which were surprisingly spicy and my one and only love, peshwari naan. I didn't feel incredibly full after the meal, which was less than £10 after splitting the bill; it's probably not great to be rolling out of the restaurant, but the glutton in me feels it's only right if you're paying for the food!  It's incredibly busy, and there was a 15 minute wait for a table. I triply recommend it!
5 I was a bit leery of paying "tapas plate prices" for Indian food, but this was delicious and worth the small premium.  We did pay a wee bit more than we would've for a more traditional Indian menu.  The aubergine (eggplant) fritters were amazing, the samosas were some of the best we've had, and the chicken tikka mahkni sauce was creamy, rich and the perfect blend of spicy & sweet.
5 Mother India's was my first experience of non-British Indian food. You know what I mean. Indian is indian, but us Brits have a way of doing it that makes it distinctly British-Indian. Creamy kormas, and don't forget the vindaloo. Don't get me wrong, this sort of Indian is nice, but it's all a little repetitive.  Mother India's Cafe serve up far more authentic Indian food, in tapas style portions, which means you can order 2 or 3 different dishes to share in all the flavours and textures. And this can only be a good thing.  The curries are absolutely delicious, and a million miles away from the standard "chicken tikka masala". My personal favourites are the aubergine and potato curry, channa dahl, ginger and chilli chicken, lamb pasanda...in fact it's all pretty damned good.  They also do a takeaway service (although no delivery) and it's something I make use of frequently. Rather handily with the takeaway you can order a 'large' portion which is bigger than the tapas portions you get with sitin.  I've only done takeaway from here so far, and everytime the food has been hot, hot, hot (both tasty hot, spicy hot, and sexy hot. Yep you heard me.)  My only recommendation? Try it.
5 When I heard it was a Tapas style Indian restaurant it almost put me off but I am soo Glad I went  Great food ,quick service and sensible price DO NOT MISS!!
4 I was here this afternoon for lunch. Service is very prompt, which I appreciate. The wall coverings are lovely, and lend the place a very upscale image.   Foodwise, myself and a friend ordered 4 dishes, 1 rice, and 1 garlic naan bread. Bill total: 22£. Not bad, considering we walked away pleasantly full.   The spicy chili king prawns were DELICIOUS. Unfortunately there were only 4 prawns, and 1 potato. Definitely worth it though.   The mushrooms on a flake / puff pastry was good as well, more so for the pastry than the mushrooms.   Tikka chicken was well cooked, and came with an abundance of onions and peppers.   The thing with lamb and spinach was delicious as well, and was our only dish that came with some sort of "gravy" with which we could eat our naan bread.   Overall, a very good experience. I really liked the wallpapers that they used. It felt very chic, but the price tag wasn't super ridiculous.
5 Recently went to Mother India with my gang of friends. A friend of mine  thrown a party for his new job!..there is always a reason to celebrate !! We were 5 people and i have something in mind to order as all other guys were no idea about what to eat. It is a tapas style and not bad..spicy hot, good ambience, calm, relaxed. No problem to get the table. The staffs are friendly. We ordered nans, Kebabs, butter chicken, patina lamb, chicken tikka makhani...butter chicken particular was so tasty...wow..yes, we were so hungry ! offcourse some pints..it was about 80pounds and not bad..I find some this cafe particularly authentic in thier indian stuffs. btw its a tapas style so you can order other dishes too...All together it was a nice time..and yes..will visit again !!
5 Checked this out last night as i had a frined to meet in Edinburgh.   As good as it gets to be honest with regard to quality of food and authenticity of flavors.
4 Traditional, yet  complex, a Tapas lover's  Indian delight
4 I came to Mother India a few weeks ago with a bunch of friends who frequent this place often! We had a table booked for 9pm on a Saturday night.  We walked in and it was like a party (in the best way possible!) It smelled amazing in the restaurant so I was very excited.  There were six of us so we ordered a variety of dishes. It's tapas style so we shared everything. The food arrived almost immediately which was great for us. A stand out dish for me was the prawns grilled in a chilli sauce. Our server was very kind and helpful.  I think that this would be a great date spot. Some colleagues from work often order the takeaway on a Friday night - they do larger portions for this. However, one thing to note is that I didn't find the food to be particularly spicy (this can be a good thing if you have a less spicy palette!) I'm definitely a fan and will be back!
4 Indian tapas is most certainly a new concept, and works quite well for small appetites, or those who want to try a bit of everything.   Each mini dish costs between £3.50-£6.50, and whilst a small plate would probably suffice for me for lunch, others may need two-three a head. I come here quite often with my parents, and usually get some poppadoms with chutney, a vegetarian dosa which comes with a fresh little salad, and something to share with my boyfriend, which is usually saag panner (Indian cheese which doesn't melt, is white, and cubes of it are cooked into sauces) or a mushroom dish which I don't remember the name of. We usually have a rice dish on the table too. The only naan I tried here was peshwari, and it was very sweet, stuffed with raisins and grated coconut. It was delicious, though to me more of a pudding/snack.   There are quite a few veggie options, which is good for me, my dad and my boyfriend, but my mum who eats fish was equally satisfied with her choices. There also a few specials everyday. I think they could do with more Indian pudding options though. Whilst they sell very good pistachio ice cream, it's just not kulfi!  Mother India is conveniently located near the national museum of Scotland and the University of Edinburgh, across the road from Blackwells book shop.
4 I'd passed by this place so many times but hadn't taken too much notice, but when a friend suggested going I was happy to try out a new place and I love tapas. I really enjoyed the food. There seemed to be a wide selection of food and the price was reasonable too.   We probably ordered too much food (we each ordered 2 tapas to share among six of us as well as rice and naan bread) but we gave it a good go of eating as much as we could. They did forget two dishes and I did remind them of one dish (as I really wanted to try it) and they brought it straight away so it wasn't an issue.   The food was fab, service was good and the food arrived quickly enough. I would definitely go back.
4 This is the only place in Edinburgh which reaches my expectations of home cooked food in the sub-continent. The place is very friendly, the staff is helpful and food is mesmerizing. I can not really criticize anything about this place. It is also relatively cheaper to a lot of nasty take away's in Edinburgh. The only thing I am confused about is how is this place cheap and nice at the same time.
5 Got to be a high five for Mother India. Myself and a few old workmates - having all four of us gone our separate ways from the Citi arena - now congregate monthly for a Tuesday Curry Club. The idea was to try a different place every month. We've been going for two months now.... this place both times. Now I'm worried we may never see another indian restaurant.  But in fairness if going to Mother India once a month is a worry, I don't know what I'm smoking! It's tremendous, setting itself up as an Indian Tapas deal, meaning you get to try a bunch of dishes at the same time, as opposed to the standard sit-down affair offered by other restaurants en masse.  Good thing about Tuesday Curry Club (besides the curry) is that it consists of 4 growing boys with healthy appetites. With so much on offer, it means we can get away with ordering a ridiculous amount of food, and with the tapas style we can order even more if we feel we've under-supplied ourselves.  What did we have, what did we have? There was....  - Lamb Karahi - Chilli Garlic Chicken - Chilli Chicken Dosa - Baby Aubergine and Potatoes - Vegetable Pakora - Chicken Breast Curry - Chilli King Prawns (so good we ordered 2 portions) - Mutton Curry (Daily special, of which there are 5.... daily!) - Peshwari Naan - Garlic Naan - Paratha - Rice  We had so much food we couldn't see the table. We had so much food we had to admit defeat, leaving some pakora and aubergine to be returned while we hung our heads in shame.  Considering we got all the above plus soft drinks for £25 a head (3 people; 1 of us had to work late sadly), shows what a bargain Mother India is.  Always busy so book ahead. Staff are delightful, chatty and happy to leave you to it once your food's down.  A must try for lovers of Indian cuisine.  Tuesday Curry Club, December location?..... you guessed it!
4 Indian tapas is the future! We followed the menu advice and ordered 3 or 4 dishes between 2 and naan/rice. The food was reasonably priced at around £4 per dish and it was great being able to try new dishes. I'd recommend trying the delicious ice cream also if you can leave room for it. Definitely worth a visit.
5 Oh mama, what morselesque deliciousness!  Complex spice combinations made each of the dishes distinctive: The creamy lamb stew, the cilantro chicken, the baby eggplant with potatoes, the spiced halibut, they were all delicious in their very own way.  Together with a bottle of (dry, not sweet) cooled rosé wine, this was a perfect meal.  Each dish left behind a lingering, full bodied aftertaste, that, not much unlike old Bordeaux, made you close your eyes to enable full concentration on this sensory encounter of the Indian kind.  Besides this short-lasting anti-social effect, the tapas-style food gives rise to a very communal experience, and the place thus pulsates in a lively atmosphere.  Thus, Mother India is a good idea for romantic tête-à-têtes, as the night already starts off in a very sensual and interactive manner.
5 Definitely worth a visit if you're in Edinburgh. The butter chicken wasn't my favorite but still good. I would choose a different chicken dish next time though. The vegetable pakoras and saag paneer were both delicious. The saag paneer was spicy but nothing overwhelming. It had the perfect amount if heat. For good Indian food in Edinburgh this is the place to go.
4 3 of us came to the Mother India's Cafe for a well needed after work feed. I was quite intrigued about a tapas/small plate style Indian restaurant. Being one of my favorite cuisines I had been really looking forward to it all day; and it didn't disappoint!   The restaurant looks like a cafe from outside. In fact, if there wasn't the amazing smell of Indian food coming from the place, you'd be forgiven for thinking it was a coffee shop. The decor inside is a little basic but it looks nice and it works really well.   Between us we ordered 6 dishes and 2 rice. The stand out dishes for me were the Methi Keema Mutter which was delicious minces lamb with peas, and Aloo Gobi with Green Beans.   Advertised as small plates, I expected small plates, but they were a really decent size. There was a little bit left in a few of our bowls/plates as we were all completely full.   Mother India's Cafe do have some traditional curry dishes on the menu, but this isn't a tradition 'British' curry house; It is a brilliant adaptation of Indian cuisine.
