5 Madison is in for a treat with this store... just opened today! The Milwaukee store is the source for great shoes and this location now brings unique and amazing shoes to Madison!   Shoo isn't just shoes, though... great accessories abound and you're sure to find something special you can't live without. The owner has a great eye and you're sure to get tons of compliments on anything you pick up at shoo. Love it! I always get comments and questions about where I got my shoes and I'm happy to send people to see Kate and Pat at Shoo!
1 Sure most of their items are handmade, but who cares when they aren't very stylish or attractive.
5 I am obsessed with this store.  I love every single brand they carry, particularly Cydwoq and Trippen.  All of the shoes are pretty expensive, but they are unique and you can be certain that not many people will be wearing the same pair.  Patrick was super-nice and helpful.  Their website is a good option if you don't live in Madison or Milwaukee.
5 Amazing collection of shoes.  If you're ready to shell out the big bucks for an awesome, handmade pair, come here!
5 I stopped in on a Saturday morning and was really pleased with Shoo's staff and service. It was a busy day on State Street (the first day of the nearby Farmer's Market on the Capitol Square) and there were a bunch of people in the store.   The staff was helpful and attentive despite the busy atmosphere. The girl that helped me was kind enough to grab a few pairs of shoes for me to try on from the storeroom. When I couldn't settle on one color (typical indecision), she helped me think about the pros and cons of each one.   Definitely will come back again - yes, it's a little pricey in comparison to other stores, but this is a local business I'm happy to support.
4 Handmade, well crafted, funky shoes.  Whaaat?  How did I not know about this place?!  I didn't even realize good old cobblers existed anymore!  Shoo has some of the most well made and unusual shoes I've seen. The store takes hard to find shoes from all over the world (Italy, Spain, Germany) and plops them all in 2 locations (Milwaukee) and on State.  You'll be able to find shoes that fit your personality, as well as comfort.  They also sell purses, accessories, etc.    The set backs?  Super pricey.  Like, yikes.  You'll need to save in advance.  Shoo is great for an investment in footwear that you'll be wearing for many years to come.    Also, the styles fit pretty narrow personalities.  I LOVE the classic leather boots, but don't think I'll be shelling out big dough for the more "out of the box" selections.
3 I was really impressed with Shoo. While a lot of the shoes weren't my particular style, I did find a few that tickled my tootsies' fancy. The shop is a lot bigger than it looks from the outside, but it stretches from one end of the block to the other length-wise (with two doors) and a second, smaller basement level all clearance and sale shoes. Shoo has a number of cute, but comfy sandals and flats and the prices that run from moderate to a bit pricey. Definitely a nice little store for State Street if you are in the area.
4 so much more than a shoe store! they've got some GREAT t-shirts. I had a hard time deciding between "Wisconsin: the California of the Midwest" & "Wisconsin: Better than Hawaii" with great graphics.  all the shirts are soft cotton & not the old school Beefy T/boxy look.  nice little selection of socks, purses, jewelry, etc. clothes in the basement, methinks? did not make it down there.  as for the shoes (I was not on the market since I am traveling, but did check them out)- some "comfort" brands, but also a big selection for hipsters, working folks that want a little bit more style, and TOMS up the wazzooo!!!
