4 I recently met a friend here supposedly for coffee, but the food menu looked so good we ended up staying for an hour and a half munching our way through the various tasty treats on offer!  As the name suggests, the food here is largely Turkish. There is a huge selection of wraps/sandwiches and also soup on offer, but we opted for the Mezze platter to share (£7.95) and definitely weren't disappointed. It came piled high with fresh humus, roast peppers, marinated olives, tangy feta cheese, stuffed vine leaves, artichokes, tzatziki to name a few... The flatbreads used to mop it all up had to come on a separate plate!   The range of flavours really was delicious; I love this type of turkish/mediterranean food and if you eat here you'll see why. My only word of warning would be it very much depends on who you're with - this type of lunch isn't exactly one you can eat neatly with a knife and fork!  We had trouble choosing from the wide selection of herbal teas available, but eventually went for the spiced apple which I'd highly recommend. The coffee was tasty but I'd stay away if you're planning on sleeping in the next 24 hours... it's definitely on the strong side!  My only criticism would be that a lot of the cakes/desserts on display weren't home-made. That said, whether or not the baklava was home-made or bought in I don't know, but it's definitely worth tucking into after your mezze.
1 While I can see that other reviews of this place have loved it and given a high number of stars to prove it, I have to tell you that I am not one of them. I had an awful experience here, and all the five star reviews in the world really wouldnt do much to persuade me to come back.  The Cafe was empty when me and my girlfriend arrived, which for a sunny saturday afternoon was somewhat odd. As we entered, the members of staff who were clearly using the cafe as a private members club for themselves instantly threw us cold looks, as though we had no right to be there and then dissapeared out of view for the next five minutes. At this point, my girlfriend and I wanted to leave, because without saying a thing the staff had been rude beyond belief.  When the staff did reappear, they did thier best to ignore us as they took our order of what I felt to be over priced Turkish food. When it did arrive it was slammed down onto the table, and regrettably wasnt even very nice at all. Further more, the fruit smoothy that I had ordered was worryingly thick and disgusting, and I took no more than a few sips before I left it. We paid and left within 20 mins of entering, with half our food untouched.  Looking at the previous reviews, I can understand that we may have just entered on a bad day where all the staff were ill or something, but really, it should have been better than that.
3 Deciding to have a quick post exam snack, I spotted Cafe Turquaz as it was one of the few places I haven't tried on Nicolson st. I eyed a tasty slab of apple pie and ordered a coffee.   This, I admit, is not especially Turkish but was nonetheless ok.  Coming with squirty cream (which I find a little tacky) and a spoon  I swiftly lapped it up. The coffee was average too and the saving grace was my lucky snag of the big comfy sofa immediately found upon entrance.  Reading from other reviews the Turkish food sounds pretty good, I'll stick with that next time.
3 A great place for a quick cup of tea but not if your looking for a meal. I grabbed the most disappointing and pathetic looking bagel of my life out of here, £3.65 for something the size of a cheerio!  The cake that followed was superb though, a lovely rich chocolate slice! The coffee is ok, just ok.
3 Located on busy Nicholson street is this little Turkish cafe.  I went into Cafe Turquaz with a friend and ended up just having coffee and cake. Despite what the other reviewers found, the quality seemed to be fine. The staff weren't the chattiest but were not unpleasant either. The prices were average. I have yet to try their more substantial food. It looked appetising however.  Admittedly Cafe Turquaz has a hard time competing with the many established and high quality cafe and restaurants on Nicholson St. It seems to be holding its own.
4 I have always loved this place, not least for its sense of tranquility (no music playing) and a good escape from the madness of Nicolson Street. While the decor is not amazing, the frontage is smart and nicely painted; there are just enough quirky touches to lift it above bland and it always feels very clean. As  a BIG fan of Turkish food, the delicious mezze selection is a hit; and the Turkish breakfast is always goes down well (note to owner - it used to come with 2 fried eggs!) A daily cafe newspaper available would also be a good touch ... They also seem to have increased their range of Turkish baklava and cakes although the standard cafe carrot cakes makes an appearance  Note - I have always found the service incredibly efficient and never unfriendly.  Update March 2012 - looks like new owners/managers have taken over, though keeping the same formula - they are delightful! They are now pitching it as an evening venue too - good idea but to make it work they really need to thing about some candles/mood lighting for the day to evening transition ...
4 This place has been taken over by, as I understand, relatives of the previous owner and is still delivering the same format. They are opening well into the evening now and I feel it would be a decent place to grab a quick evening meal - BUT - I totally feel they need to sort out their evening lighting ... light a few candles or dim all the lights a bit. Great place though!
4 Chocolate covered marsh-mellow fluff in my face. I love this place!  The staff has been very friendly on my visit, and more importantly, they served a proper Turkish coffee, in a proper Turkish manner. Which is with the little coffee-pot they use to make a cup, and a covered cup.   The food was lovely, and the staff was friendly to a point beyond believe. They had seen us eyeing the window-booth (well, me, mainly) and as soon as it was empty they offered to re-seat us in the middle of our meal over at the window. Within minutes me and my girly-date where snug-as-a-bug all boothed up and happy. I could've sat there for ages just watching people pass by, or as we say in Dutch "aapjes kijken" which translates to "little monkey watching", (the rudeness of the term only being offset by the funness of the activity).  I left a very content Lou, pondering if I should come back with a book, a group of friends, a date, or just all of the above. But come back I will!
4 after a rather chilly cup of tea at looking glass books, Lou V. and I made our way over to this little turkish cafe to have some lunch in what we hoped would be a warmer location.  the misty rain and wind added to our cold but thankfully when we opened the door to this cafe we were welcomed with a rush of cosy warm air and a very friendly waitress that placed us at a table with menus.  a rather quick look at the drinks portion of the menu and i immediately opted for a turkish apple tea!!  oh i so love this beverage, it's such a fruity and apple-y cup of comfort that seems to only ever be available in tiny turkish cafes even though it's just a blend of tea placed in a normal tea bag.  why is this not sold in any shops????  Lou went for the turkish coffee option that was very expertly poured from a height into a tiny little cup (almost a thimble) that then had a little silver cover placed on top to keep it warm.  she very kindly allowed me to try a sip and i was pleasantely surprised by how nice this coffee was.  it was very strong, but in turkish style it was also nicely sweetened to take the edge off.  i may have to come back and order this for myself!  we both ordered the falafel plate for our lunch which came shortly after our drinks.  this was a massive plate totally filled with food but not to the point that it was unappetising.  there was a good portion of hummus toped with an olive in the middle, along that sat three tasty falafels, salad with a scrummy yogurt dressing, some roasted veggies, and a nicely shaped cylinder of couscous.  adorning the edges of the plate was a freshly toasted pita bread cut into four pieces.  lovely display and just as lovely tasting food.  the olives had been marinated so had a little chilli kick that i didn't expect, but the yogurt dressing on the salad helped to take the burn away.  in fact i wish i'd had more of the dressing as it was a very tasty topping for the falafels.  i also wish there had been a little bit more salad although the portion was probably balanced with the roasted veggies that were included.  i enjoyed dipping my pita bread into the hummus which was tasty but could have been just a tiny bit more garlicy, i also found the falafels to be tasty but just a tiny bit dry.  all in all though i really enjoyed my plate and felt it was only small things that could easily be remedied.  the service here is quick and effecient and it's so so so blissfuly warm inside this cafe!!  i really appreciated that after the cold shop i'd sat in before and was extra grateful when the waitress made a quick move to shut the front door after some obnxious customers left it open when they exited.  ugh why do people do that??? so rude... thank you to the waitress who fixed this so quickly i didn't even have time to get a annoyed comment out!  the only drawback to this place is it's near the university and not in a part of town i frequent.  but if i found myself back in newington, i'd happily pop in to try a turkish coffee and savour the warmth in cold winter months.
3 We had a bite to eat here between shows at the Fringe. The cafe is kind of small, and the waitress initially set us up at an awkward table in the middle of the aisle, but then moved us to a normal table once it opened up. We ordered a dish to share with hummus, falafel, and grilled vegetables which was good-a little lacking in flavor but still edible. We also ordered the apple tea which was tasty. I've had better Turkish/Mediterranean food elsewhere, but the service was quick and our waitress was pleasant.
3 Decent Turkish food place in the city centre. We ordered some vegetarian platters and the hummus was great as was some of the small bits. In general the food lacked the flavour and seasoning that makes Turkish food mount wateringly delectable.  The Turkish coffee was fabulous and the Baklava for dessert was excellent :-) I would come back here again if I am craving for food but their service and flavoring does need a bit of a face lift to get this place humming.   The staff were very accommodating however they just did not come by to check on you unless you asked. It's not expensive so I suppose I should not expect a lot however I do believe a change might lead to a world of good for this place and make it super popular.   If you find yourself in Edinburgh city centre and craving for Turkish food besides a doner kebab then this place is not a bad bet.
3 Stopped here for a wee cup of tea and a bit of time to read my book. Did the job nicely. Standard brew, tea bag, decent pot. Not much else to report really. I liked the ambience of the place, nice and relaxed. But nothing really special on first visit.   Would be happy to visit again and sample some of the Turkish delights they have on offer.
2 We came to Cafe Turquaz tonight for book group because we were looking for a good spot with teas, coffees, and food in this area. The staff were friendly and accommodating of our large group that kept expanding. I think that they excel in Turkish coffee and teas, but they fall down a bit in terms of the food. The baklava I had didn't seem the freshest or most tasty, but the nachos that others had looked completely underwhelming and left a bit to be desired. The cafe seems to have somewhat Turkish decor and furniture, but it's not too warm or comfy. It'll do for a Turkish coffee I think, but I'd rather go other places in town next time.
2 Having once had a nice piece of cake in Cafe Turquaz, I was looking forward to returning tonight.  We were not an easy group; they had very kindly reserved us some space at the back of the long, narrow seating area but as we expanded in number we became harder and harder to fit in. Eventually the very friendly staff member suggested a lengthways rearrangement of the tables, which did the trick very nicely. It was really kind of them to accommodate our hassle!  It's a sweet little spot, quite dark (as I remembered) and with teeny weeny Turkish rugs the size of mouse mats on the walls. Cute! But unfortunately there's no real getting around a few issues.  The chap didn't seem to really know anything about gluten- free and it took poor Claire L a bit of word wrangling to work out what exactly she was ordering and whether it would suit. He wasn't forthcoming on volunteering a full description of the dish so it took a while. I think he was mostly just confused and caught off guard by an unexpected question.  I was excited by the offer of "steamed milk with a flavour", which has to be the nicest little thing I read on a menu. So nicely put! I opted for the honey one, but I'd really like to try it again because I was bemused by what tasted like basically just milk until I found all of the honey sitting at the bottom. I suppose it was my fault for not stirring it but steamed milk is so yummy and frothy I hadn't wanted to deflate it.  The food looked a little lacklustre and disappointing but I do remember having enjoyed the cake on my first visit, and the Turkish Delight this time was really nice, so I think I'll have to go back and try a third time. I suspect that their strengths lie in the sweet things. I'll update when I've been back and I imagine I shall add a star with the caveat that you come for the sweet side of the menu!
3 A wee bunch of Yelpers were here last night for Book Group. We had a little selection of nachos, turkish coffees and teas and turkish delight. The guys inside were really accomadating and happy to help us shift tables and chairs around to fit all of us in, and I swear they were smiling the whole time, really nice guys.  I've walked past this wee café countless times as it's in my neck of the woods, and it is perhaps in need of a little redecorating or just "sprucing up". There's a whole lot of cafés on Nicholson Street, and this one just never seems to lure me in. That said, the guys were really friendly, the tea was strong, and the cakes looked tasty! Definitely a homely wee place.
2 Came here for book group and they did well to accommodate our expanding table and sorting our order.  Service was friendly so no complaints there. Not great for gluten free and I think our server wasn't sure either so I was crossing my fingers and hoping for the best when ordering my chicken nachos.  The nachos looked a bit bare. The chicken was pre-packed and cut up so no sauce or seasoning issues. The corn chips were fine. The guacamole was bought in but the salsa was more like a red pepper sauce and it didn't taste the best.  So Cafe Turquaz didn't wow me. There are probably good options for others but not for gluten free me...
3 It was a misty Sunday and my friend and I were desperately looking for a place to have lunch taking a break from studying.  Our favorite snack places around campus were all closed so we took a little stroll to Nicholson Street and got stranded at Café Turquaz.  I've walked by this place but was never particularly attracted but taking a closer look it did look welcoming and having no alternatives at hands we entered the café.  Now, I am prejudiced towards Turkish food and coffee ... which means I was looking forward to it :)  and we were not let down. Its a nice little place which could be a bit prettier but makes the most out of it's situation on Nicholson St, we sat in the far back and could forget about the busy street.  The food was just what we had been looking for, we had lamb shish kebab and a vegetarian moussaka. So it seems to be a good place for vegetarians, too. I was sort of hoping the tea we ordered would come in traditional Turkish style in small glasses but it was the European pot and cup. But that was the only downer, really.  We'll definitely return for another lunch and this time not out of lack of other options :)
