4 There's not much to distinguish one pub from the next in any city centre, yet somehow The Green Mantle manages it.  From the outside, it looks just like any other local pub, but it's once you're inside that you see the difference. First, their weekly entertainment: as well as the regular pub quiz, there is also a poker night, a live folk music night once a week, and on wednesdays there is a spanish-english exchange evening. I went along to one of these, and the people there ranged from complete beginners eager to learn the basics for free, to native spanish speakers on holiday in Edinburgh, and everyone in between.  The best thing about this place is the food.  Yes, there are all the usual things you'd expect to find on a pub menu such as Butternut Squash Risotto, Fish & Chips and Soup of the Day, but they also serve buffalo burgers sourced locally from Fife. According to the menu these contain 50% less salt and cholesterol than regular beef... i'm not an expert on this but what i can confirm is that they're gorgeous and for only £4.95 I'd definitely recommend it.  Don't miss... Crabbie's Alcoholic Ginger Beer, not many places are stocking this yet in Edinburgh but you'll always find it here.
4 For another new kid on the block, this place appears to be quite popular for the local student population, most likely because of its central location and young staff. Its a nice layout for a pub, nothing too fancy, with the bar conveniently located on one side and tables and couches on the other. It has an old feel to it with wooden floors and furnishings and it always amuses me to have a fire on the flat screen TV. (reminds me of a telemarketing ad- don't ask).   My friend swears their burgers are the best in the area, but I have yet to try them out.
4 I considered myself a good poker player until I came to the Green Mantle...  Card shark is too mellow a term for these guys. Serious hardcore players but friendly as hell. We all had such a great time. The only reason it doesn't get a 5 star is because people kept coming up to us as asking "Are you playing Blackjack? Can I play Blackjack?".  Can you close the bar for poker night guys?
4 The Greenmantle is a cosy pub in the heart of the Newington area of Edinburgh. It is a handy place for students to pop in for a pub lunch or for drinks in the evening as they offer student and snap fax deals.   It is a very friendly and inviting pub and the bar has an impressive selection of lagers and ales and they select a 'malt of the month' which my friend religiously orders. They offer an impressive cocktail menu, including Cosmopolitan's and Mojito's, which are very reasonable at around £6. The Green Mantle is a very traditional pub and serves the usual pub food which is really delicious such as home made soup and burgers at a great deal of 2 for £7. Newspapers are always available to read with your lunch.   The Green Mantel always have something going on in it every night, whether it is a pub quiz on a Tuesday night, live music on a Thursday or poker on a Sunday, they offer something for everyone. There is a also a big TV screen inside which is currently showing all the World Cup matches.
4 I walked past The Green Mantle just about every day in my first year and thought it looked like the archetypal 'old man' pub.  Inside, however, it tells a very different story as it always has an eclectic group of customers ranging from students to, yes, old men.  The drinks are well priced and they have a great range of malt whiskeys, real ales and beers and some excellent food.  The fish, chips and peas are delicious and come served in a generous portion which only costs about £5. The atmosphere is engaging and friendly with pleasant staff and nice decor.  They also have plenty on offer throughout the week in the way of a quiz nigt and live music - well worth a look.
4 The Greenmantle blends in with the other traditional pubs in Edinburgh's city centre, but if you go inside you will soon learn that it is in fact a buzzing pub, bursting with life and liveliness!  Hosting a number of music nights on a weekly basis (with folk quite high on the agenda), Greenmantle is modern and nicely decorated inside - very swish and trendy. The clientele is mixed and in an entirely good way - there's something for everyone in here.  If that doesn't give you enough reasons to visit, Greenmantle serve pub grub (that is stonkingly cheap and tasty) up until midnight! They are also open till one most nights, making it a popular and great destination to go to in Edinburgh if you fancy a quieter night out than clubs can offer. Smashing.
3 There is absolutely nothing special about this bar whatsoever, but it is perfectly nice, and nice is better than horrible. It is pretty small, but has a friendly atmosphere, especially during the evenings, when they have live traditional Scottish folk music. The band are great for background music and are especially welcome in the cold Edinburgh winter. With the unusual addition of a video of a fire on the wall, you feel like you are in a traditional pub.  The bar is tiny but still manages to have all the normal drinks, with a good selection of bottled beers and ciders. The food is what you would expect from a pub, and is relatively cheap. They are particularly proud of their buffalo burgers (sourced locally. Yes apparently we do have buffalo in Edinburgh) which are apparently much healthier than beef, with less fat and reduce cholesterol. To be honest though it tasted exactly the same and my cholesterol, as far as I know, hasn't massively dropped (or increased for that matter, just pretty much stayed the same).   They have a pub quiz once a week which is quite easy but a good laugh. Overall the pub is a nice place to come for a few chilled out drinks, but not much more than that.
5 Without a doubt my favorite pub in the city. As a proud member of the Irn Bruisers pub quiz team I found myself at The Green Mantle frequently. The Mantle boasts a down to earth homey vibe and a great selection of beer. In addition to all the classics, they rotate in a few different beers every month. If you're looking for everything a pub should be, look no further than The Green Mantle.
5 Every time I get to Edinburgh, I have to stop by and have two of my favorite deserts from this wonderful establishment! Sticky Toffee Pudding and Chocolate Puddle Pudding! It is out of this world!
4 The Green Mantle is perfectly located on my bus route, next door to my favourite of the Adam Lyals, and has therefore become our go-to meetup point for a pint.    It has a dark and cozy interior, a good selection of beers, and a menu which really makes me want to come back.  Buffalo burgers?  Yes please!  Everything else on the menu?  Oooh yeah.    I've had it on good authority that it's pretty much always busy, and that they also put on a great pub quiz night.  Mantle-tastic.
4 A traditional (dark wood and real ale) Edinburgh pub which offer a lot more than its dark interior suggests, for starters they serves up some surprisingly tasty food until midnight. Offerings include a selection of Buffalo burger, a hot pot special and normally a tasty homemade soup and while not the cheapest the food is well prepared and filling thus well worth the money.  My advice - check out the green mantle, have a few jars and something to eat, relax and enjoy.
5 I love this place.  It was right near where I had class and it was the very first place I had haggis.  I enjoyed it.  It's not a very big pub but it has a nice atmosphere, is pretty cheap overall, and the food is better than average.  The second time I went I got the haggis burger, which I didn't like as much but when I added the little Salsa looking sauce that came with it it improved it considerably.  I'd definitely hit the place up if I were you.  It serves food later that most other pubs which is nice if you want something other than a Kebab after 10pm.
4 Uni focused pub... Tasty buffalo burgers... Tuesday night pub quiz...
4 It can become problematic to have a sit-down dinner after 9PM in Edinburgh.  There are exceptions, and The Green Mantle is one of them, serving food until midnight, usually.    They serve some fine buffalo burgers that come with rather tasty homemade onion marmalade, and I have personally seen people praising the quality of the haggis at neighbouring tables.  I can recommend thus at least these two items, and especially the buffalo burger with added cheese and jalapeños.  Indeed, a very tasty burger that is.   What is more, they have ice-cold Estrella from Barcelona, one of my favourite beers.  The drawback of this bar is, quite naturally, that it fills up quickly with gaggles of students.  But this is not too big of a problem during many week nights.
5 A top watering hole in Edinburgh and my staple when I was studying at the UofE.  Friendly bartenders, perfect location and excellent buffalo burgers!  They always have plenty of events going from live music to pub trivia, and the atmosphere is fun and laid-back.  I miss this place!
