5 My husband and I were married here earlier this month. The stunning full pecan trees offered the perfect setting for our private wedding ceremony. All our guests commented how serene the location was and how it helped make the wedding so unique and beautiful. Everyone who helped us here was very professional. I wanted the perfect fall setting and brought many fall-like decorations, besides the red arbor drapping they provided, and didn't give them much direction, but told them to just do what they thought would look best. They decorated the place beautifully. Their prices weren't over the top like most other locations either. They were a great help making the ceremony run as smooth as possible as well. My husband and I were very pleased!
5 Edward and Abigail, the owner of The Venue at The Grove, is very nice to work with. we host the Bamboo Bakery Fall Fashion Show and Bridal Expo 5 at this beautiful location. You wont see any similar like this in Phoenix AZ. Come to see for your self ! We delivery a lots of wedding cake to The Grove, and our Bride and Grooms are  very happy with their service !  Edward & Abigail, Nice to work with you.  David Pham Bamboo Bakery
4 Came here for my best friend's wedding last weekend.  This place is perfect for a small wedding ceremony. The bridal room & restrooms were very clean, the staff were very nice and organized.  They made sure everything was going smoothly. The food was also not bad.   The cons are:  -IPOD player in the bridal room didn't work.  -comes with a bartender but you have to bring your own alcohol? This was the first wedding I've been to, so I'm not sure if that's normal...  Overall, my best friend was happy with the turn out of the wedding. The setting was perfect for a Fall wedding :)
5 A great place for breakfast. Go early and sit on the patio for a wonderful experiance. The food is very good, made from scratch. the omlets are fluffy, the verde pork in the ranch eggs and phoenix omlet is superb, and of course the pecan encrusted French bread is too die for! the only thing I would change are the breakfast potatoes. They;re shredded and kind of bland. The Groves try to use local growers for the menu which I think is the way to go and I'm sure they could find a more interesting local product. Our waiter, Jon, was very personable and graciously substituted a fruit cup for the biscut. All in all, the Groves is doing just about everything right and I think it's wonderful to  finally have a local eatery that doesn't have a drive thru. Good luck, I know I'll be coming here as long as they are open.
5 Love this neighborhood restaurant.  Friendly, food is great, and when the weather permits sitting outside is very nice.  Open only on weekends for From 8-12.  Don't miss the experience.  (If you are worried about calories, don't ask how the Pecan Crushed French Toast is prepared, just eat it and enjoy!)
5 Had our wedding hear yesterday and it was absolutely perfect. The venue did a fantastic job helping us get set up to meet our tight schedule, the food was excellent, and the DJ was perfect. Our wedding coordinator was outstanding and was supper helpful.
