5 I can't say enough kind things about the people at Foothills Physical Therapy. They are patient, funny, caring, and damn good at what they do. Their facilities are clean and modern, and the staff is very attentive, so that you know you're doing your exercises properly.   In February I had a routine shoulder surgery that developed complications and led to months worth of limited mobility and pain. The staff at Foothills helped me keep a positive attitude and fight through it. When my insurance said that I'd reached my max for physical therapy appointments, Foothills contacted my orthopedic surgeon and together they helped me petition Blue Cross for additional appointments.  My therapist, Jennifer, has been a godsend. She's helped me heal and gotten me back to an active lifestyle. I highly recommend her (and Foothills) to anyone in need of PT.
4 i heart this place.  They know about injuries and the right thing to do to make you feel all better.  My therapist Suzy is very personable and does a great job multi-tasking between patients. One of the assistants, Dylan is also amazing.  Great sense of humor and knows his stuff.  Actually teaches me how to do the exercises properly. I just wish I didn't have  a $40 co-pay, but that isn't their fault. Also, make sure that you are paying attention when they give you an ultrasound.  No names mentioned (basically because I can't remember his name) but one time my skin felt like it was on fire because he couldn't move the ultrasound thingy and ask me a question at the same time.
5 Fantastic customer service and results.
5 I completed physical therapy yesterday for an injury sustained in an automobile accident.  As with a past injury in which I also went to Foothills Sports Med, the attention and professional treatment has been impressive.  Jeff Moyer, the owner of this particular location is very detail oriented when it comes to focusing on my condition.  He and his entire staff, and other Physical Therapists at this location are obviously working as a team that has a goal of patients like myself to be completely healed and pain free.  Thank You once again to Foothills Sports Medicine PT located on Highland Ave and 22nd street in Phoenix.  You really are THE BEST!!!
