3 This is a very nice chinese buffet in Edinburgh. The food is good and there is lots of different styles of food to choose from. The restaurant is clean and tidy and very well presented and the staff are friendly. It is close to Princes street and all the other main shopping stores and also the train line, which you can take after having a meal there.
2 The food ain't what it used to be here. They've introduced a carvery but only one visit per person.
5 Ich war hellauf begeistert als ich an das Büffet trat! Für nur sechs Pfund,also etwa 7,50EUR konnte ich mich an den diversen original kanonesischen Köstlichkeiten sattessen! Es gab etliche Hauptgeriche mit Huhn, Schwein, Lamm oder Rind, dazu Vorspeisen, leider kein Dim Sum, aber damit hätte ich auch wirklich nicht gerechnet, superleckere Spare Ribs, 3 Sorten Reis, Suppen frisches Obst und Gemüse und obendrauf tatsächlich noch Kuchen für hinterher. Der hat allerdings nach dem Essen nicht mehr bei mir hineingepasst    Das Restaurant war darüber hinaus auch sehr sauber, was, vor allem nach Starbucks Besuch, besonders hervorgehoben werden muss!    Ich bin nun zwiegespalten, zum einen wünsche ich mir einen Jimmy Chung's von ganzem Herzen nach Hamburg, zum anderen bin ich um meinen Bauch froh, dass ich nicht jeden Tag verleitet werde :)    Also unbedingt zu empfehlen!
4 The second of the 2 Edinburgh branches of Jimmy Chung's (the other is on Waverley Bridge), this place pretty much does what it says on the tin: all-you-can-eat chinese food for a fixed price.   And it does it well.  It's not the fanciest restaurant in Edinburgh, but then it doesn't pretend to be - that's why it's works so well. The price varies depending whether you go on a weekend, or whether for lunch or dinner; I went on a weekday for lunch and paid just £6.99 for the whole thing.  The buffet includes starters (such as sesame toast, sticky ribs and various soups), more main courses than you could ever sample (including chicken satay, chicken in black bean sauce and egg foo yung), various noodle and rice dishes and even desserts (the best of which are definitely the banana fritters served with sweet syrup).  There is a salad bar, but in all honesty this isn't the place to go if you're watching your figure. All dishes are clearly labelled, including any allergens and spice level where appropriate.  My only criticism would be how over-priced the drinks are (£3.80 for a small glass of barely-drinkable wine), but on the other hand the staff are more than happy to serve you tap water without complaining or getting offended.  Ideal for when you need to fill your boots for a little money as possible.
4 Jimmy Chung's is any students dream.Fill your belly with as much Chinese food as you can take for a set price.  There is different prices depending on what time of day/week you go on, so watch out. Generally mid-week lunch time is the cheapest.   The restaurant is actually quite nice for a buffet restaurant. Its not incredibly flash, but its well kept and tidy. You basically sit down, a waiter takes your drinks order and then your off to stuff your face!  There is a wide range of starters, from soups to chicken wings to ribs to spring rolls. I don't really like their ribs or chicken wings, but there is so much choice if you don't like one thing there is plenty others to make up for it. The main courses cater for every taste. There is chips, various rice and noddle dishes, vegetarian dishes, beef, chicken and pork dishes. You will be hard pushed to find something you don't like. And it is all very tasty too. The place is usually so busy that the food is bound to be quite fresh and not sitting for too long.   If you make it to dessert, then there is a selection of ice cream, jelly and fruit salads. They aren't very exciting in my opinion. I usually go for the scrumptious banana fritters and syrup.   If you like Chinese and buffets then this is ideal. Especially if your really wanting to fill yourself up for a cheap price, or your looking for a hangover cure.   Oh and you can takeaway from here. I am unsure of the price, but around lunchtime a lot of people come in and are given plastic tubs to fill up to takeaway. I guess there is a set price based on the size of tub.
2 I'll admit that I have a disposition for all you can eat buffets. As a student and as someone who does a reasonable amount of exercise, I often come away from restaurants wondering when my next meal is.   I'll also admit that I came away from Jimmy Chung's feeling, for once, rather full. However mere ability to satisfy one's gluttony, does not a good restaurant make. For starters don't get the idea that the food is anything approaching authentic Chinese (though regulars to takeaways aren't usually fussed by this). Unfortunately this isn't really made up for by the incredibly greasy sauces and salty paper chips. Also don't expect an easy time if you are a vegetarian (there are options but they aren't all very appetising).  The food is very cheap (on average £6.99 for buffet lunch), and if you are looking to fill yourself up for a little as possible then you might want to make a visit here. Located right by Waverley station it is certainly easy to get to and convenient if you're visiting Edinburgh via train. It's also an uncomplicated venue for family meals.  A straightforward gluttony-fest suitable only for the uncomplicated feast.
2 Like the big divide between cat people and dog lovers, I think that there is as big a divide between those who favour Chinese food and those who prefer Indian cuisine.  My personal preference is Indian and I could live without Chinese so take that into consideration when reading this if you are an avid Chinese food fan.    Jimmy Chungs Chinese buffet - it does exactly what it says on the tin.  This restaurant is good if you want a s!£$ lot of food fast!  As soon as you walk in you're handed a plate and in the middle of the room there are bars with hot plates of food ready for the taking.  They have one bar with starters, a couple dedicated to main courses, a sushi bar, desert area including a chocolate fountain and even an area serving Eastern food like chicken nuggets.    This place offers just about everything that is on a normal menu in a Chinese restaurant, if not more!  From good old sweet and sour chicken to crispy duck, from oyster in black bean sauce to deep fried prawns.  I was a bit wary of trying the seafood however I'm pleased to report that I was fine the next day if not still full from my four plates load that I demolished the night before!!!    The good thing is you can help yourself and have as much or as little as you want and no one will think bad of you because lets face it, everyone piles their plates as high as they can at these sort of places!  At £6.49 per adult and £4.49 for kids at lunch times, £10.99 for adults and £5.49 kids at dinner time then £11.99 and £6.99 at the weekends it isn't too bad!    Not the highest quality of Chinese food but at this place you really can't complain.
1 I like Chinese buffets as well as the next guy. You know the drill... All you can eat of modestly-priced somewhat greasy Chinese food. But honestly I lost my appetite after one plate, so they certainly made a good profit on my dinner tonight.  To be fair, a big part of my bad experience was that they seated me next to a table of 10 teenage hooligans who (it seemed to me) were having a contest to see if they could do something outrageous enough to get themselves thrown out of the restaurant.  Unluckily for the rest of the diners, the hooligans won... Nobody from the wait staff or management lifted a finger to even suggest that their shouting, singing, throwing food, loud belching or shrill whistling was the least bit unacceptable. They also left the buffet itself in a very unappetizing state each time any of them visited to fill their plates.  To give them one star because of rowdy diners wouldn't be entirely fair; However, the food didn't deliver either. Most of the dishes were quite unappetizing. Greasy, shiny & overcooked seemed to be the norm. The crispy duck -- rather unique in a buffet setting -- was acceptable, though some of the garnishes showed signs of serious aging. The inclusion of more traditional Scottish fare on the buffet -- chips, mashed potatoes, Brussels sprouts -- didn't score any authenticity points. Honestly the high point of my meal was the dish of soft-serve ice cream at its end, which (though they offered no toppings to speak of) was light and smooth.  I walked by the other branch of Jimmy Chung's (down by Waverly) and that one looked much nicer.  But I won't be giving this branch another try.
3 Jimmy Chung's near the Usher Hall was second nearest option when another venue was overflowing with a private function, but the food for me was a little bit on the heavy, sweet and gooey side and tad stodgy. Yeah there is meat but not sure if it's truly healthy? It did fill the tum with Lemon Chooks, rice, spring rolls, and as the temperatures rise outside a strange but welcomed addition to the dessert menu multi-coloured jelly and whippy ice cream!  Pretty relaxed atmosphere when we arrived around 9pm, and there were only a handful of people but not more than 20. Self service meant no queues, but seating arrangements meant facing a blank wall that was crying out for a picture, yeah they have a few television monitors dotted around but who goes out to watch tv???   With unlimited food it's so easy to overdo the quantities and some of my party did just that with three main courses, but that means hefty gym workouts to balance the status quo me thinks!  Iv'e been avoiding  large food chains for as long as possible, focussing on what other and sometimes alternative foodie heavens can be found in the city, but every now and then others pull you back into reality by going for the easy option; not too far, near transport links. But afterall its better to have tried a place you don't really think you'll like, than to have never tried it at all.   Service was chilled and cleanliness fine, any dirty dishes were quickly swept away by eagle-eyed staff, food not too bad tasting, ok for costs(evening £13). So for quick ready meals but no real idea what calories or amounts of Gluten your consuming best done rarely than often, but that's up to you!?
1 If you are Chinese or if you are not and want to have a semi-decent Chinese food, DO Not go here.  It is super expensive, and the food are tasting westernized.   There were only one plate that is slightly edible, the fried mushroom.   Fried shrimps are drenched in oil with a storage taste.  Spare ribs were so hard, i thought there were all bones.  All meat were too sweet.  The Thai pat-ay had a layer of oil on top of it.    There were no sushi or Sashimi at this location.    You are better off just go to Burger King or Subway down the street.  After i ate their food, i was really worried about having diarrhea because the restaurant was "encouraging" customers to reuse their plates.   I saw some customers putting food on their used plates and then return food back to the counter after i read the signs.... Yikes.  But if you really want to have Chinese food and learn your own lessons, please be aware that you may be charged 5 pound penalty for "wasting" food you can't eat or finish. (There is a sign and 10 things posted on each table. You can read them yourself).   So, a smart thing to do is to be selective on the quantities you get from each plate.   I was getting only one bite from each plate so i won't be sorry that they were tasteless as most of there were.    The service is average.   In fact, the host/hostess were kind of rude.   You be the judge.   It was probably one of the worst experiences I had.  I can see some teenages who loves going there just to eat tons of french fries and shrimp fries.  But, the shrimp fries were somehow old as well.  How can they do that is beyond me.  The qualities are just not there for a buffet that charges 14 pounds.
1 Awful food. Only one dish was edible and the selection was not good. Staff we rude and plates were dirty. Please do not waste your hard earned money here.
