5 Excellent value casual dining in the city centre. Good choice of main dishes including vegetarian options. Largely an Italian menu, but with 'variations' and always with good fresh ingredients, served as good portions too by cheerful staff, even when busy. Prompt service once seated (expect a wait if you haven't pre-booked) and I would suggest the best value for money you can get in Edinburgh. Left very satisfied on all counts - price, quality and flavours. Absolutely recommend for lunch, brunch or an evening meal. Note a different menu served for day and night service. Nice buzz and no pretensions to be more than good quality dining.
5 Amore Dogs is the little Italian brother/sister (puppy?) of The Dogs, it is also on Hanover Street, but is at street level and has wonderfully large windows to gaze out from (or longingly gaze into....).  It has less of the quirky stylings of The Dogs, the tables and chairs all match here, however the food is equally good. The menu is Italian influenced, you'll find pizza and pasta on the menu alongside Dogs's staples like coley and skirt steak.   On my first visit I ordered roast pigeon with puy lentils and my friend ordered fish, this left us with a red/white wine dilemma, the waiter recommended a wonderful rose wine (Casa Do Lago) that went well with both dishes and has since become a favourite of mine.  The food here is incredibly good value and of exceptional quality, I have eaten here a lot and have never had a bad experience. I implore you to give it a try!
4 I would say Amore Dogs, out of the three restaurants in the same Dogs group, is probably the most iron a nice shirt or shove a bit of lipstick on feeling, as it just feels slightly more formal, with more of a chic edge to it. The lighting and whiteness of this restaurant make it very attractive, as does the sweeping bar and signature pooch art adorning the back wall. It all works really well, as does the homely and super relaxed feel of The Dogs, and Seadogs, so this is definitely yet another culinary hit for David Ramsden, the owner.  The food focus here is Italian, and again, similarly to the other two restaurants, everything is quite shockingly reasonable at times, considering the tastiness and quality of the food you're devouring. Rigatoni al Amitriciana always appeals to my half Italian taste buds, as does the amazing seafood linguine. There are also pizza, soup and salad options to be had, all reliably very decent, so hesitate not in entering any of The Dogs restaurant portals.
5 Having heard rave reviews about the place, glanced at the menu occasionally and dined in more than my fair share of Italian restaurants, I thought it only polite to try out Amore Dogs.  Tucking in to olives, a tomato salad and half a carafe of Montepulciano the night started well. A lack of music and a generic white washed interior (aside from the gigantic red dog painted behind the bar) didn't detract from the delightful spicy sausage and polenta main. A homemade tiramisu polished the night off conclusively too.  Surprisingly, the food was pretty cheap.  A 3 course meal for 2 including wine for £35 was a fair price for an evening of dolled-up Italian grub. The interior lacks any personal appeal but the level of polish applied to food makes up for this.
3 Italian food + Jen = amore. And, as if by magic, there was Amore Dogs. Having never dined at any of The Dogs restaurants before, but having supped a few Underdogs, my first choice was always going to be their Italian restaurant.  We were dining quite early, so there were only two or three other diners but in such a large space it still didn't feel empty or desolate. I like the couch dining area up front, and the tables in little nooks, crannies and different levels up the back. And the waiting staff were super friendly.  The menu isn't hugely expansive, but as is in vogue, it changes regularly and is seasonal, which I like. However, there didn't seem to be a huge range. I went for the most out-there thing on the menu I could see - the rabbit with olives, tomatoes, peppers and anchiovies. My dining partner the pasta with sausage, and we got a bruschetta and mushroom to start.  Anyone who knows me (either on or off yelp!) will know I'm a foodie through and through, and should be used to the in-depth meal analysis by now. The rabbit really was delicious, served as a stew. With just the rabbit meat on the bone, and some peppers and onions in the stew, it was my ideal dinner - no additional rice, pasta or bread. Definitely my favourite thing from our meal.  The pasta was very...meh. Amore were potentially at a disadvantage as we had previously tasted an *amazing* Creole Sausage pie earlier that day which blew our socks off. So by comparison this was very...meh. I feel as though I could have whipped it up at home with a jar of Loyd Grossman and some sausage and penne. Not bad by any means.  The starters were tasty but again...nothing exceptional. The mushrooms were perhaps a little too creamy.  It was a brief dining affair, and whilst I enjoyed it, it perhaps didn't live up to the hype I'd heard about The Dogs restaurants. Admittedly, I am now a rabbit-fan and would happily eat that meal again, but as an Italian i'd expect the pasta dish to be far more Mamma Mia...y'know?  As Yelp have so aptly put it, it was A-OK in my books.
1 I was at the Yelp launch party in Underdogs on Friday evening and the food aromas wafting down from Amore were wonderful, I was very excited about returning there on Saturday night with more friends for dinner.  Our party was made up of friends from Edinburgh, Canada, England and Ireland. We are in our mid-late 20's appreciate good food.  I went on a date on Sat afternoon and it went so well :) I invited him to join us for dinner. Our table was booked for 11 people so I figured an extra one would make even numbers and just require an extra chair.  When I arrived my friend told me she'd been waiting for us to arrive and was beckoned to our table with a yell of 'Oi, lass' by the waitress who it transpired was the Assistant Manager. It wasn't a good start, my friend has never been referred to as lass in her life.  From the offset the Assistant Manager was unbelievably rude in the things she said to us, the tone she used and the general disdain she seemed to have at us being there. I appreciate it was a very busy night for them but the customers should never be exposed to their bad moods. We had no idea what her problem was  - we weren't drunk, were well dressed and are all professionals. There were constant instances of rudeness including - being made to feel like a huge burden for bringing a 12th diner. She said we should be 'put on a set menu but she would let us order what we want as long as we didn't all order pizza'. How generous... - When we asked for drinks she told us that she was going to have to go downstairs for certain kinds, we told her not to bother, clearly she didn't want to - Plates were slammed down onto our table when food was served - She was very rude about our payment being £9 short. It was an innocent miscount that we quickly rectified. I wish we'd told her to remove the service charge instead - When I asked for cutlery I patronisingly had it pointed out to me that it was there... in a glass... halfway down the table. I'm not an idiot, I just usually find my cutlery next to my plate!  The food was beautiful however it was by far the worst service any of us had ever experienced  - quite an accomplishment with a group of 12! It was unwarranted, relentless and we were still talking about the bad experience the next day. Hardly anyone ordered starters and nobody ordered dessert because we wanted out of there asap. It's  shame that after such lovely food we left with a bad taste in our mouths due to one arrogant, inhospitable, tactless member of staff. I heard a couple at a nearby table making similar comments, clearly there wasn't much amore there that night!  I felt embarrassed that our friends chose to go to a reputable Edinburgh restaurant and had such an unnacceptable time. .
1 I was part of the group of twelve with Gemma M in Amore Dogs last Saturday night. I was particularly upset about the whole experience as I had booked the restaurant having read positive reviews online and on the recommendation of a number of friends. As the majority of my group were only in Edinburgh for the weekend, I wanted them to enjoy a nice meal in a relaxed atmosphere. Our experience was unfortunately quite the opposite.   Our group consisted of twelve young professionals and many of us, myself included, weren't drinking. The last minute addition of an extra person to our table seemed to cause quite an unnecessary stir and we were made feel extremely fortunate to be allowed order from the regular menu even though there was a restriction placed on the number of pizzas which could be ordered. We were seated at our table for thirty minutes when having failed to get anybody's attention, I went up to the counter to politely ask that our food order be taken. Over half an hour after our order was taken, one of my friends enquired if our food would be out soon as some of us had ordered starters and she was informed that they didn't know how much longer our food would be. When our starters finally arrived, one of my friends didn't receive his order but he agreed to accept it when it arrived much later with the main courses. Another friend's main course didn't arrive due to a mistake made by the waiter but at least he received his pizza for free when he got it much later than everybody else.   On the whole the staff were friendly and helpful but there was a waitress with an Aussie accent who most certainly shouldn't be in the service industry. She seemed to have a real chip on her shoulder as her tone was most unpleasant throughout the evening . My friend, unaware that somebody else at the table had already requested that our water jugs be refilled, felt like she was back in school been scolded when she politely asked for more water. We felt like criminals when our payment was £8 short even though it was an innocent mistake.  Everyone agreed that the food was lovely and reasonably priced but the service certainly left a lot to be desired. It was very unfortunate that one very rude waitress ruined the dining experience for everyone.
3 Loved spotting The Dog empire during my show long weekend trip to Edinburgh.  Awesome and funky design and great restaurant concepts (The Dog, UnderDog, SeaDog and Amore Dog).  Wished I had more time to try all of 'em!    My flank steak salad was ok (2.5 stars), a bit tough but the sweet balsamic reduction was just the right tough for the bitter arugula.  Boyfriend's mushroom risotto (4.0 stars)  was decadent and cooked perfectly.  To ended the meal we had the tiramisu (3 stars), unfortunately, the dish lacked the punch of espresso, was chilled as I like the desert and the dark chocolate cocoa powder (when taken in a mouthful) overpowered the light dessert.  We ended up scrapping the top power off the dish.
4 We wandered by Amore Dogs one evening and peered at the menu. It looked interesting enough, so when we were in the area after hiking Calton Hill, we decided to return for some Italian nibbles.  The menu is simple enough - some starters, some pastas, some pizzas - and a decent wine list. We ordered a good (and relatively cheap) bottle of an Italian cabernet, rigatoni with bacon, onions and chile for the boy and seafood linguine for me.   Nom! I tried a bite of the rigatoni and it was quite simple, but hearty, with a good meaty flavour. My seafood linguine was definitely worth it - al dente pasta tossed with tender calamari, clams, mussels, tiny octopi, shrimp and even the occasional anchovy, all in a light tomato sauce. All of the sea critters were cooked to perfection and the flavour was just spot on. After we'd finished our meal, we lingered for a while over our wine without being hurried or bothered. Would love to return for a pizza sometime.
4 Pretty decent Italian restaurant, and very reasonable prices to boot too, given the portions! Inside the decor is quite neutral, and tables are spaced far apart enough for great conversations. Choice-wise, there didn't seem to be many meat dishes available, more pastas and pizzas and risotto. My coley fish was extremely fresh, tasty, and well cooked with a wonderful sauce. My mushroom risotto was disappointing though, as there was just too much water and the risotto was too mushy. Evidence of an inexperienced cook as naturally, the mushrooms release water towards the end of cooking. Dessert was the strongest area. My ice cream came with three massive balls of amaretto, coffee, and vanilla ice cream. All three were amazingly delicious, and so smooth and creamy. The amaretto ice cream especially was just mind-blowing. And for the portion you get, the price (around £4.50) is very reasonable, and enough to share between 2 or 3! Definitely will be going back again when in the area and looking for an Italian. The London Insider  http://www.london-insider.co.uk/
4 They have gone all Yanky!!!!! And I like it...!  So Dogs Amore has come out with a new all American menu, was there last night for some dinner with friends and have to say it was great if a little confused...!  SO on the table you still have the Italian staples of olive and balsamic oils which are ace with some warm crusty bread we had!  For starter we all went for the chicken wings in hot sauce - 6 pieces of wing or thigh served in a sweet, flavoursome hhhhhhhooooottttt sauce!! Oooh enjoy the burn its gooood!!!  For mains I have the burger sliders with chips and garlic mayo!! The sliders were fantastic 3 different little artisan buns to begin with looked great on the plate! First burger was coley with a little tartar, the 2nd was pork with a sweet/spice sauce and the 3rd a good old American hamburger with cheese - this was aaaaaamazing!!! hell of an awesome burger!!  The garlic mayo was.......green!!! No idea why or how but to honest I dont care it was damn tasty as were the chips!!!  Add the red wine, the great service and it was all in all a top night! For me its only a four star as the theme is a little conused as is the menu and lacks a little something!  JD = Very happy man!
4 When the moon hits your eye like a big American french fry, that's amoorreeeeee....  Eh, what? A little confusing that the Italian branch of The Dogs restaurant chain has gone all American on us, but trust me, it is a good thing.   After I saw Jurgen D's review proclaiming that it had gone "all yanky" I was curious! Then seeing their tweets about a PB&J Cheesecake (peanut butter and jelly cheesecake) even more so. So one Sunday I stopped by here for a lazy long Sunday linner (lunch and dinner, do you think it'll catch on?) at 5pm.  Ironically I went for one of the less-American themed things on the menu but my partner had the burger. The new menu still has the old Italian favourites of pizza and pasta, but there's now burgers, a larger grill menu with steaks and the desserts are American-tastic. The aforementioned cheesecake as well as chocolate brownie.  The ambience here is nice in a relaxed way. Huge tall ceilings and mainly white, white, white walls leave it feel very airy and open although it does get warm in a comfortable way. The waiters were all really friendly and prompt, despite that at the beginning of the evening there was only one guy one and it was busy at 5pm.  The only thing that I was a little put-down by is the presentation of the meals. Now, The Dogs provide good grub with slightly 'different' dishes (the regular The Dogs offers stuffed lamb's heart for example) but at affordable prices. However, as a result the presentation is just a little...lacking.  For example, the burger. It came as a burger. On a plate. That was it. Slap bang in the middle of the plate, one burger. No wee side pot of sauce, or a little side salad. And you need to order chips seperately. So that bumps up the price. The burger was, I think, around £7 and add on chips for £2 and that's £10 for burger and chips. The verdict? Nice. But not the best he's had.  Also, my swordfish steak from the grill menu. Again, I had to order a side of rocket and tomato salad as the steak came as was. Now, I quite liked this at the time as I usually request NO chips if it does come with, and liked that I could add whatever side I wanted on. But the portion was really, really quite small. It said 8oz on the menu, but considering that there was a large piece of spine bone going down the middle of the swordfish steak it meant I didn't get much meat out of it. I'm a wee lass, and paid £8 for something that left me wanting more...  Because, to be honest, the food was good. And I think if you'd ordered something different that was more filling naturally it would be good value for money. It was just my option.  The tiramisu for dessert was scrummy too. But again, it's just a slice of tiramisu in a bowl that's slightly too small for it (much in the same way that if you ate it everyday, your jeans would start to be just that tad too tight). If you expect good food but without the fuss of nice presentation, but rather how you'd serve it yourself at home, then you'll be a happy bunny.  Overall, yep, thumbs up from me. It hit the spot. And we got to take our wine downstairs to Underdogs after to mull a bit longer. It's probably a good thing I didn't leave stuffed, the new menu is fun. The pizzas are also on the average-portion size (again a good thing) which I noticed from other diners. But if you're looking for an all-out epic feast, you might be left a little hungry...
4 Really good Italian fare. We haven't sampled their new New York Italian menu, yet, but we hear good things. We summed it up: "it goes right to the top of the list of places we'd take family and friends who were visiting from out of town. It has just the right ambience to put you at your ease, has a menu that will provide a tasty treat for any palette, and is guaranteed to impress."
2 We were actually intending to go to the Dogs but since we had not made reservations we were unable to get a table. Ended up going next door to Amore Dogs and hoping that it would be as good as we heard the Dogs was.  The design of the place is however not really that inviting so we were a bit hesitant upon entering. They have went mainly for white and made it very open which makes it feel a bit cold and at least not when we were there like a cozy place that one wants to have a meal in. We did however decide to go for it anyway.  The menu was a mix of Italian dishes and some American influences. Having difficulties deciding what to get we did share some of the starters between us.We tried two different salads and the some sliders (mini burgers). The salads were ok - nothing more nothing less. It would be the same stuff I would whip up in 5 minutes at home. That is perhaps not bad but would expect something more at a restaurant and the presentation of the food really looked like the just threw it all in a bowl and then served it.  The beef sliders were actually pretty good, some full beef taste and a nice sauce on it. The bread was however a bit dry and almost flavorless. The fish and pork ones were not great - I knew that I was eating something but it lacked all distinct flavors.  When it came to the mains we all went for Italian dishes. I went for the mushroom risotto with truffle oil. The portion was really huge - I should have gone for the half-size as I did not even finish half. It was however not only due to size of the dish. This was actually pretty bad - no real truffle flavor or even scent. The risotto was partially over cooked and also partially not done. So a very disappointing dish. The others in the group had the seafood risotto, a similarly disappointing experience that was also drained in salt. One other person in the group had the pasta with chicken and that was ok but more in line with the salads i.e. something anyone would whip up at home at the same quality. The person most pleased in our group was the guy ordering the bacon & mushroom pizza - not the best pizza he had but still good.  I have so far not mentioned the service but it was friendly but incredibly slow. It took forever before we could order, then we had to wait along time until our drinks came (nothing complicated to be made just beers and wine) and we had to walk up to the bar to get the water refilled at one point since it took so long for them to show interest in our (as well as the few other tables) table. It could perhaps have been understandable if it was full but there were only 4 tables occupied so appeared to be more laziness or a general lack of interest.  May still give the original the Dogs a chance next time in Edinburgh but I have no love for Amore Dogs so will not be returning here.
1 Alas, Amore Dogs has now closed (as Qype insists I give a star rating, I've simply given it one as an indication it is no longer there  in its heyday it merited the full 5).  It has been replaced by Seadogs, relocated from its former home in Rose Street. Perhaps AD will be resurrected somewhere else in Edinburgh, but there's no hint of that on the main Dogs website.
