4 Loads of dishes on the menu, many I've never seen before and all at very reasonaable prices (nothing dearer than £7 I think).    The Turnip Cake with XO sauce is a tasty starter and the Preserved Duck Eggs with Pork Congee is a porridge-like dish not for the faint hearted or weak stomached. Very filling too.    The Vietnamese Chicken is nice and spicy and I plan to go back soon.    Serves no alcohol but you can BYOB if you book in advance. Also does takeaway.
4 Despite its unassuming exterior and lack of size, this family-run place is an absolute gem. It was recommended to me by a friend native to Hong Kong, and as I'd never tried this type of food before I was keen to give it a go.  There are only 5 or 6 tables in the place, and at least 3-4 of them are nearly always occupied by Hong Kongese people, which in my book is always a good indicator that the food is going to be authentic. Given that I've never been to Hong Kong I'm probably not qualified to answer that, but what I can say without any uncertainty is that the food was delicious and the service friendly yet efficient.  I had a huge tofu dumpling stuffed with spicy king prawn paste, then sliced into chunks and served with a salty, spicy dipping sauce. My partner had a rice and pork dish which was equally tasty, however we had made the mistake of underestimating the portion sizes... we definitely didn't need the enormous "side" portion of noodles and bean sprouts fried in salt and pepper sauce!  The drinks menu was just as mind-boggling as the food: just like the food menu, descriptions of what's on offer have been loosely translated into English, but for the most part it was a lucky dip. I loved this, as I'm not a fussy eater at all; I think I ended up with a chrysanthemum and honey iced tea-esque drink, and it was lovely and refreshing alongside the spice of the food.  For two people, expect to pay around £20 for a lunch that will definitely keep you full until dinner time, and almost certainly be something you have never tried before. If you haven't been yet, you should definitely add this onto your list of places to eat out.
3 Originally I was very excited when I found this place. Firstly it was full of the local Chinese, it had Chinese chefs and it actually looked like an authentic diner.Plus reviews for this place had raving reviews from both friends and others.  However, I think I must have ordered the wrong things. Avoid the noodle mixed meats , it was tasteless for the most part and with most of the meats having a very bizarre texture. The Ho Fun duck (I think that was what it was called- it was a thick noodle soup) was quite good although it was mostly bones and hardly any meat.  The coca cola spare ribs were interesting, although I wouldn't really order them again.   The prices are high for a take out place (there are some seats but they are few), and it closes at 7pm. I am more than willing to give this place another shot though and hopefully give this place a better review.
4 Blink and you could miss this treat. HK Yum Yum is a Chinese restaurant and takeaway, offering a great range of dishes. I first tried HK Yum Yum when a friend recommended it to me. My immediate impression was not one of amazement but I'm glad I trusted that friend!  Squeezed into a small space, with a few tables and a counter taking up a lot of space, it can get a little cramped. But don't be put off!  HK Yum Yum also suffers from a slightly dilapidated exterior. All this means this Chinese can appear to be another unappealing, to-be-forgotten takeaway. But it's not...  In fact HK Yum Yum has a great selection of dishes across a fantastic variety. It really is all very tasty! This is not typical takeaway food. Furthermore the prices are very reasonable. That there hasn't been a great amount of attention to its decor may just be a sign that it's more focused on its traditional food and perhaps a touch more genuine many other Chinese restaurants.  To add, once you're in the shop, the staff and very friendly as are all those others like you who have braved the experience.  Don't be put off, try this lovely little restaurant which despite appearances is a cut above the rest.
4 You had me at first sniff.  In a country where "Chinese" food is more often than not a localized affair with gelatinous gravy, bland tasting veggies, and processed meat, Yum Yum HK Diner takes you to the Orient with a fresh array of Cantonese-styled dishes. From roast pork to barbeque pork ho fun to steamed baby bok choy, you will eat like a king here and only be set back a few pounds.  You know a place is good when it's a tiny shop with only 5 tables...and there are other Chinese-speaking patrons in the restaurant.  Service is not what you come here for - it's the food, and it speaks volumes.  Go here to taste some authentic Hong Kong fare and forget about the other greasy, uninspired take-aways in the area.
2 I am again, completely baffled at the discrepancy between reviews and the reality of this place. I rarely review anything that I wouldn't give 4 stars but this place was expensive, the portions mediocre and there was little to no taste differential in anything we ordered.   Things I ordered: Coca Cola Chicken and Veggies PiPa Bean Curd and Veggies  Things that tasted like Amy E.'s definition of Chinese food here, "a localized affair with gelatinous gravy, bland tasting veggies, and processed meat":  Coca Cola Chicken and Veggies PiPa Bean Curd and Veggies  (no seriously, they were completely different dishes, both tasting and looking nearly exactly the same)  Things I ordered that had "VeggieS" (plural) in the title:  Coca Cola Chicken and Vegges PiPa Bean Curd and Veggies  Things I ordered that came with one "Veggie" which had been boiled so far as to be unrecognizable as such: (this "Veggie" may or may not be a scallion, I had no idea)  Coca Cola Chicken and Veggies PiPa Bean Curd and Veggies  All in all a very 'localized gelatinous gravy, bland tasting veggie, processed meat " affair. Take away - fail.
4 I love this place, used to go there quite a bit when we used to stay in newington, just went in last week and nothing's changed!  Food is really good 5 stars!!!  Iv never been to Hong Kong but it feels as though your actually in Hong Kong! Lol  The tv, decor & signage is all pretty much authentic HK CAFE style. Staff are not the politest but it defiantly makes up for the food!  It's very cheap too! Don't think iv ever had a bad meal, and the chilli oil is to die for! I think they make it themselves.  Worth trying x
4 Nice restaurant for a quick lunch or dinner near George Sq. The owner/waitress is character but it only adds to the authenticity of the place. Try the aubergine hotpot, you'll come back for more.
