5 Now please, save your laughter. Bruntsfield Hoover Services - yes, it does seem a bit ridiculous, but I have lost count of the amount of times this shop has been my knight in shining armour. Think about it, how many times has your hoover broken? Or a lamp, your tv, anything! The best thing about this cute, small, family-run shop is that they will bend over backwards to help you. They are consistent with their opening hours and overall is a very pleasant experience! It's not often you can find somebody to help you with a small handy-man style job in a big city, and Bruntsfiend Hoover Service provides exactly that.
2 Sure, slap a handy man in the middle of a fully kitted electrical shop and it becomes a useful tool. But charge over £1.40 for a measly light bulb are you render that handyman a thief.  My limited knowledge of all things fuses and wattage was clearly exploited by these guys and thus my impression of the place is not the best.  I'd been robbed.
4 Ok, I've realised the error of my ways. Where I was totally lured in by the old charm and hearty laughs of the staff here. Don't get me wrong, it's still an excellent service and definitely worthwhile, but it is, as Sam C said, quite expensive. But to be honest I don't  mind paying a little bit extra for all the times I've needed a helping hand.
3 My hoover is Mr. Reliable. Henry, if you're a student you'll probably know one of his brothers. And we've never had any problems with Henry. So I'm reviewing this place not for their hoover fixing ability, which I'm sure is top notch, but as a hardware store.  I've said before, good hardware stores a elusive at best. And this isn't a particularly good one. I went  in to get a replacement bulb for my desk lamp. If my camera wasn't broken I've have taken a picture of the bulb to show you - it's a bit of a weird one. But they wanted £4.50 for a new one. Now I'm no hardware expert but I'm also know mug, and I know £4.50 for one light bulb is too much. Sure they were friendly, but save your pennies and try elsewhere.
