5 Fast service, efficient and nice employees. I typically order online and pick up at the store since I live close-by and my order is always ready by the time I get there. Pricing is reasonable and they typically have mid-week specials to get you to order Mon-Thurs
2 I've been to this location twice and both times, they got my order wrong. It consisted of only two toppings. I order simple pizza all the time and this is the only location thats messed up my order consistently.   The service was fast, but not accurate. I think I'll search around for other places since I'm still new to the area.
3 Since relocating further to the NW, I've used PJ's multiple times for both carry out and delivery. The location is, hands down, much better than my previous PJ's experiences. I have just recently downloaded the phone app and have been impressed. I can order quickly from anywhere and have it delivered or pick it up on the way to the homestead. The double cheeseburger pizza was surprisingly tasty. The pepperoni is average and the chicken wings are as good or better than similar joints. This past time I was told fifteen to twenty-five minutes for my pies and wings and It was actually closer to thirty-five. Even hall-of-famers fall short seven out of ten times, right? I will be back, as I visit frequently when it is my night to cook.
2 Sorry Papa. My pizza was kinda bland, nothing really special about it. Instead of the Supreme maybe next time (if there is one) I'll try one of those specialty pizzas.
1 My family and I USED To get Papa John's regularly...until we moved to this area. This particular Papa John's is horrible. The last straw was on Valentine's Day. I ordered ahead to have my pizza delivered by the time I got home from work. I told my husband not to cook. He was starving by the time it arrived an hour and a half late after calling like three times to check on it...then it was missing a topping, missing my sauce for my wings, and just all-around not good. THEN they called me two hours later asking where my house was because I guess they were delivering another one??? I realize it was Valentine's Day, but get it together, Papa John's. Get. It. Together.
