5 3 minutes ago Warren h. says:  Over the last few months there's been alot of request for Carvel Cakes. Everyone thought that there were no more Carvel cakes being made here in Pheonix other then the ones in our local supermarkets,.......Only to find out that there's only one FULL service Carvel Ice cream store left in all of Phoenix. It's in the Schlotzsky's Deli (on the corner of Higley and Brown in Mesa) They have the Fudgie the Whale, Cookie Puss and all of the great stuff I grew up with in New York. And it's also a free wireless Cafe.
4 This was my first time to a Schlotsky's. I signed up for their Bun & Fun club and I was e-mailed a coupon for a free small sandwich on my birthday. I ordered an Albuquerque Turkey which was very good. Though the sandwich didn't seem overly big, I noticed that I felt full until dinner time, so it was filling. I typically frequent Subway, and more recently Firehouse Subs, so now Schlotsky's is another sandwich option for me when I'm on the go. They also have pizza & ice cream, but I only had the sandwich.
4 My wife and I really enjoy going to this Carvel + Schlotsky's restaurant.  They have really delicious sourdough crust pizzas (I love the BBQ-Chicken & Jalapeño) and tasty ice-cream treats.   Free-wifi and cold raspberry lemonade help make it a great place to go.
2 I was super looking forward to trying this place out. I have heard great things. When me and 3 others went at 4pm for a treat on a hot day, practically every ice cream bin was empty. My friend ordered her I cream and the server was trying to scoop half melted Ice Cream in a cup. He wasn't even willing to open the fresh and frozen ice cream at the bottom of the freezer. Needless to say none of us ordered anything. Very disappointed.
1 I certainly will not be back to this place.  I've been coming here for years - but I think it's under new ownership now.  The man who helped me was so strange.  Once he took my order he told me to hold onto my ticket because people have been eating other people's food  Mind you - I was the ONLY ONE IN THE PLACE.     While I was sitting and eating my sandwich, an older lady walked in.  I'm not sure of the conversation, but the man behind the counter began yelling "LEAVE MY STORE".  He said it about 4 times then threw in the fantastic "F" word as well.  That made me extremely uncomfortable, and I winded up throwing away half of my sandwich because then the man proceeded to tell all of the other guys working there why he did what he did by using massive profanity.    In the past, the last owner was kind and very helpful.  This will be my last visit to this place and I'm sure it won't be open for long.
1 My wife and I had dinner at Carvels/Schlotsky last night. It was terrible.  The pizza was dripping with grease, most of the soda machine choices were out. The ice cream was shut down for cleaning (7:00 pm). The urinal in the men's room was out of order. Jim
5 We ate lunch here on 5/28. It has to be the cleanest Schlotzskys  we have ever eaten at.  There is a sign out front saying "under new management".  Please give this place another try.  Mariah was so wonderful and the restaurant so clean. Honestly the best sandwich we have had in a long time.  it's about 30 minutes from our home.  But we look forward to going back
1 My wife and I had won a certificate for two small sandwiches at Schlocky's.  Neither of us had been to one of these sandwich shops in a while because we have had bad experiences before.  We decided to give it a try as this location was under new management.  When you walk in the door you are hit with this smell that is either Urine or Throw-up.  Not a fun way to start out a dining experience.  The clerk was new (he told us this several times) and had problems with the antiquated cash register and printer (for which he apologized several times).  We both ordered sandwich combos which took at least fifteen minutes to get served and were, shall I say, gross.  We did not finish either sandwich (at least the chips were good).  We then decided to try the ice cream.  We ordered a medium cup with their featured flavor Nutella and prickly pear.  I have never had such bad, I won't say ice cream, because it was more like ice milk that was freezer burned.  Again we threw our ice  milk away.  Fortunately our costs were minimized by the certificate but I would never step foot in this Schlotsky's again.
2 They need to work on freshness , presentation and company standard but still a taste of home
