4 You get Peanut M&Ms with your bill here... enough said!  Before you get your M&Ms though, you do get a fairly decent range of burger combos to choose from. Whilst the quality of the actual meat element of the burger isn't that great, the alternative option of a chicken fillet is always a good bet.  That's the good thing about this place - the degree of choice and number of different alternatives available. Although I can't stand fussy eaters, and nothing annoys me more than going out for food with one, if you eat here and end up with something you don't like then it's pretty much your own fault given that you built it from scratch.  I usually get the low-carb option... call it stupid female logic but I feel a lot less guilty munching my way through a burger packed high with all sorts of yummy fried and gooey toppings when it's on a bed of fresh green salad rather than a bread roll.  And it also means I can justify having one of their Peanut Butter & Banana milkshakes. Obviously.  If you're looking for the one on the Royal Mile and are confused as to why you can't find it, they've recently closed that one. But they still have their branch in the West End.
3 What a cool name?  They have a great selection of beef-burgers - literally whatever you want, you'll get. My only gripe is with their selection of other burgers, however, as I don't really eat red-meat and their chicken-burger selection wasn't quite as extensive. But my brothers were in their element choosing their burgers.  It's your standard burger/milkshake combination - when will we realise that mince-meat and strawberry milk don't go well together!! But separately they work wonderfully.  It is a nice place to get a good, hearty meal and I would recommend it if you love beef-burgers.
4 Literally everywhere does burgers these days, so what makes Wannaburger stand out?  For me, its the fact that there is such a huge range of burgers to choose from - both beef and other. And then, its the ability to customise your burger by adding (or removing!) extra toppings, vergtables, sides and a whole host of other things to go. The burgers are great, they are meaty, tasty and big, which is always a bonus. The staff are nice and friendly (one ran after me down the road when I had left my phone on the seat!) and I couldnt fault this place at all.  A great place for a burger, thats much better than one from a fast food chain.
5 Wannaburger? D'ya? Huh? Well, you've come to the right place mon ami.  I'm partial to a burger now and again, they definitely are the most satisfying of meals, just chomp right down and you're full before you know it. It just annoys me when people try to eat them with a knife and fork... why? It ruins the whole burger experience.  Anyway,  I won't let other diners burger etiquette bother me too much as the burgers in here are delish! They have a great choice and I'm always stumped whether to go for a chicken burger or just a big ol' beef burger. Oddly enough, the chicken burger usually wins but the last time I was here I opted for the chilli beef burger and it was delicious, not too spicy but just had a really enjoyable kick to it. Perfect. Another fabulous thing about burgers from here is the fact that you can get as many pickle as you want, I LOVE pickles!  Not satisfied with just my main course on my last visit I decided to order a milkshake for after, stupid mistake as milk brings my face out in spots. I enjoyed my peanut butter and banana milkshake at the time but was cursing it and myself a few days after when my face resembled a pizza. I won't be making that mistake again. If you don't have a problem with milk then go for the milkshakes as they are delicious, not for me though.  What's more, the prices are ridiculous cheap so perfect for students. The burgers are between £4.50 - £8!!!
4 They don't make burgers like they used to.  When I was younger, there used to be an abundance of Americanised restaurants in Glasgow. My mum is fairly fussy and I was a kid, so it was perfect for us when we wanted to go out for a meal. On any given week, you would at some point see me in Fatty Arbuckles.  Sadly, places like that are starting to dwindle off, being replaced by more continental dining. Although there's a lot to be said for the latter, sometimes you just want a big burger - veggie or meat - stuffed with cheese, salad, half a tomato and a ton of chips on the side.  Who you gonna call?  Wannaburger!  Stop by from lunchtime and you're in for a treat. Selling a variety of beef burgers, bean burgers and spicy toppings, Wannaburger keep it simple but spice it up with their delicious toppings. I'm a big fan of the spicy pizza, but also enjoyed trying some of my friend's blue cheese pizza (tarting a simple dish up with a bit of swish - love it). For veggies, there are more exciting options than simply Quorn.  It's a spacious environment armed with friendly staff - perfect for birthday parties. I sort of wish we had Wannaburger in Glasgow, but  since Edinburgh is a mere hour away from my humble abode, it's a treat to meet with my friends through here in the tried and tested winner that is Wannaburger. Americana 50s dining brought forward to suit the tastes of today!
4 I came here last week with a couple of mates and we all had a great meal and found that our burgers were really tasty and filling. Me and a friend had a classic burger, whilst my other friend had a vegetarian burger of some sort. The price for the meal was very fair and we will definitely come along again.  I didn't read the menu properly so unfortunately I didn't even know that the toppings that you get on the burger are free, so unfortunately I just got a plain burger, but this did allow me to taste the freshness and quality of the meat.   Like most gourmet style burger places, fries don't come with the burger and they cost £1.50 as an extra. One of the best things about the place is that you get a shot glass full of M&Ms at the end.
3 Yeah, I wanna burger!  I know, that was lame, but what else do you expect with a name like that?!  Anyway, first things first... super easy to find!  The sign stands out on the street and catches your eye.  I walked in and it was loud and smelled of burgers, right on!  I didn't really know what I was supposed to do, so I asked one of the staff... so let me spell it out for you before you go in and look like a dodo bird, like I did.  You have two options, 1)  Look at the menu on the wall, order, then find a seat or 2)  Find a seat, browse the menu at the table, then go up and order.  I opted for the second option as it looked rather busy and to be fair, I didn't want to be in the way of everyone else while I was standing there looking at the menu.  I loved the fact that the menu is pretty simple... just a couple of burger options (there are other options like salad, but why would you go to a burger place for a salad...), some sides, and lots of drink options.  As an American, I was so excited to see Mountain Dew, Root Beer, Root Beer Floats, and Brown Cows (a Coke or Pepsi float).  I went up to the register to order, and decided on a single cheeseburger, fries, and a can of Mountain Dew.  They give you a pager that buzzes when your order is ready.  On the table they provide ketchup and French's yellow mustard, but if you would like something else, round the corner from the pick up area is a condiments area where you can get mayo, brown sauce, etc.  The fries were nice and I did order a big pickle, but it ended up being more sweet than sour...  Beware when you pick up your burger.  It is going to rain meat juice on you!  I saw one guy do it and I was very cautious when I picked mine up.  I also did not pay attention to the fact that they put their 'Wannamayo' on it.  I don't know what it is, but I don't like it and if I stopped in again, I would ask for the burger without it.  Overall, it was a good meal, certainly for the value; my meal was around £7.  I'd be back to try some of the other things, if not just to get my Mountain Dew fix.
5 This place is awesome! I had the Chili burger, and as a student this cost me only £2.90.  Food was served up reasonably fast with delicious house condiments, and a really good burger which was made in the store. For less than the price of a big mac, I got a really delicious and creative hand made burger.
4 Wannaburger provided some much needed sustenance after a few beers on Friday night, and you know what?  It was pretty tasty sustenance at that.    I opted for the bean burger because I felt like I could lay off the beef a bit, but The Man got a double cheeseburger which was really amazing.  My bean burger was very tasty in its own right, though I did have to steal a few pickles to zing it up.    For our sides we opted for cajun fries (which were really really really good and spicy) and onion rings.    They also have Black Isle beers on tap which we thought was brilliant.  Everything was freshly made and happily devoured.  Wannaburger is a really excellent place to come for a quick and cheap meal on a night out, much better than heading to McDonalds or opting for a chippie on the go.
5 I recently visited Wannaburger and have made a few notes to myself to improve my next visit that I've seen fit to share here so that other diners may not make the same mistakes as I did.  As someone baffled by burger culture I ordered the Portobello mushroom burger and a pickle on the side and it was all very good. But here's how it could have been better:  1) Remember to ask for the free dips. They keep a super-tasty relish under wraps behind the counter. It's free but you must ask! 2) Pickles! Get 2 pickles! 1 pickle will just leave you wanting another in my experience and at a mere 30p a pop you may as well.  3) Specify very clearly which extras you want in your burger. I asked for a fried onion but may not have been clear enough about this as I couldn't find mine.  4) STUDENT DISCOUNT. Don't forget to ask for it! 5) I found my Jalapenos a bit too hot an addition to my burger so next time I would go without.  6) Maybe consider ordering onion rings on the side, don't want to risk missing out on the fried onion.  7) The bottomless drinks are always worth it, particularly if you have a penchant for sitting a long time in comfy booths, watching baseball and enjoying the strangely Japanese-American feel of the restaurant.   Wannaburger is great, but it is most fun when you are with some great pals! I only went because my friends like fast food (I do not) but it was an enjoyable experience all round!
4 I've been coming to Wannaburger on and off for a few years. I used to come here loads with a friend of mine who is vegan as the place offered a lot of choice for a vegan. (Vegans take note.)   Since said vegan moved to NZ I've had less reason to come for a visit. It's been some time between visits now so I was surprised to find that they had moved away from table service. I can understand why, it speeds up service and means lower staff costs, but it made me feel a little bit disappointed. I'd always enjoyed the banter with the staff when being waited on, chilling out in the booths and talking American sports. It just isn't the same now you have to order and collect your food from the counter. (They give you a cool little pager that vibrates when your order is ready to collect which is kinda cool.)   The food still shines here. Unsurprisingly the place is all about the burgers. You choose your filling (beef, chicken, portobello mushroom etc) and then load it up with free (and 50p extra) toppings. It's a simple idea that works really well especially for picky eaters who essentially get to design a burger to their own specifications. I'm partial to the spicy chicken with BBQ sauce and if I feel like living dangerously I may add some cheese on there too. The burgers dont come with any sides so you have to order these extra, cajun fries are yummy and I keep petitioning for them to start serving curly fries, I think they would fit in well here.   Due to a rather annoying dairy intolerance (see above comment with regards to danger and cheese) I've never had the thick ice cream milkshakes they serve here, but everyone I've enviously watched drinking one swears they are the bomb.   The place has a nice feel to it and it should definitely be on the lists of edinburgh burger connoisseurs as somewhere to try.
3 It is different to most Edinburgh eateries, I'm a fan of this place.   Discovered it when looking for a fast-food fix, and was pleasantly surprised.  I enjoyed the 'beepers' you get when making your order. It made the place seem more casual, and fun.   The burgers were good, the fries were delicious, it was cheap, and the speed was quick!   There are lots of different choices for burgers. The only issue is the seating can sometimes be a little awkward if there are not a lot of seats left.   Definitely worth a try!
2 All in all, a little bit rank. I didn't go there expecting much, but what i did get was an overpriced disappointing burger with fatty bacon. I know it offers what it says on the tine, fast food, but for the price i would have rather have gone to Illegal Jacks or somewhere.  The best bit was the fact that i was hungover and therefore made the most of the diet coke refills!
4 You know the way you picture a genuine American fast-food burger joint in your head? This is it. This is exactly what McDonalds is the boxed and packaged (and therefore more rubbish) version of. In a great location in Edinburgh's West End (just off Princes Street Gardens you can get a hamburger and chips, and still have change from a fiver. They do a good range of burger toppings as well as chicken and veggie options, and you can add various things like red onion, jalapenos, relish or homemade BBQ sauce for free. The burgers are cooked medium by default, but they'll do them well if you ask (don't  just don't!). It's all self service  you order at the till, and then get one of those buzzing devices so you can go and collect your food when it's ready. My chips were hot and nicely cooked, and my burger looked and tasted like I've always wanted a fast food burger to taste  well done Wannaburger!
5 Awesome burgers, you must try this place if you're a burger fan.
5 Love this place for a burger fix. As well as the usual meaty treats I sometimes fancy something a bit lighter and the haloumi burger is a great choice for those times, a good solid consistently and bursting with flavour.  The flavoured fries are amazing too.
4 When I find myself on Prince's Street in need of something fast to eat Wannaburger is where I head. Burgers and hot dogs are the order of the day, while it looks a little more expensive than the big two (Burger King and McDonalds), this is balance by a lunch time meal deal and the fact that the food is cooked fresh. In the big two to achieve this it is the norm to either order an extra on your burger or ditch the mayo or some such, no such juggling required in Wannaburger, simply choose your meat/veg product and then add the toppings you want (some are free some are 50p).  They do thick creamy milkshakes (which are great) and the soft drinks come with free re-fills which is nice. The coffee here isn't actually as good as McDonalds, so I would avoid it though...  Overall then if you are in need of some decent fast food, you can do far worse than heading to Wannaburger and without doubt it is my preference in the area.
3 Having survived the dreaded Mega(not)Bus from Inverness on Sunday night, I was decanted into Charlotte Square and thought I would re-visit a former favourite for the first time since last Summer.  Needing some seriously frivolous fast food therapy I hoped 'WannaB' would still deliver.  Ok, so it is not food heaven, but nor are they taking the Michael with the prices.  It sits in its comfortable niche between the Evil Empire of McDs and the intelligence insulting pricing of any 'WannaB' (boom boom) Nick Nairn who thinks they can charge over a tenner FOR A BURGER based on the inclusion of the 'Golden Ticket' that is the word 'Gourmet'.  At the end of this and any other day, they do try to be ethical in their sourcing and they do prep the food to order on the premises.  In my experience they still succeed in giving you tasty, filling 'fast food'...fast.  They do what they do and they do it well.   Portions of 'sides' are generous, salad looks and tastes like 'salad', staff are pleasant, the place is clean and bright and reminds me vaguely of the Diner in 'Back to the Future' but that is just my own personal cherry of nostalgia for which no star has been awarded.  It is a bit of a magical mystery tour to find the toilets and you feel like you have walked to Haymarket and back in the process, but hey, it burns off some calories so what's not to like?  If you want a cheap and cheerful nosh without ingesting a whole heap of bad karma then you know where you 'WannaB'....(boom boom 2).  Trust me, you got off lightly, I intended to include a dreadful pun in every paragraph! :O)
3 Not bad. Better than other fast food joints in Scotland. Actually WAY better than the fast food joints in Scotland.   I kinda expected more, but was won over by the rootbeer float. That was definitely worth going. OMG, you have not experienced American fast food/diner fare til you've had a rootbeer float. Brought me back to the days of Dairy Queen and the likes. Yet the burger wasn't all that. It was ok but it just felt like there was something missing, to make it a home run. Also, I probably should've ordered the cajun fries. I ordered the onion rings. They were good but clearly frozen. So now I'm on a mission to find fresh made onion rings, any rec's?
3 Dirty wannaburger. Where else would we go for takeaway on a friday afternoon.   I think that it;'s not actually that dirty but then you look at the bag it came in and see the grease and realise that you're basically injecting one and a half macdonalds straight into your veins.   But dang if it's not some tasty stuff. Much better than a macdonalds and using actual meat it's a clear winner in the almost fast food stakes. Sometimes I buy a "soda" from here and abuse the system filling it up at least 3 times before I leave. Take THAT the Man.   BBQ sauce is free. Get it, get more, bathe in it, realise it's actually not that nice, but it's free.
4 Un fast food à l'américaine avec l'accent écossais : oui un peut commander un énorme cornichon avec son hamburger.
4 If you know what an In-n-Out burger joint is in America, specifically California then this is the closest thing you can come to it. Handmade , delicious fast food burger. Burger joints like this are what burgers are suppose to be. Fancy, artistic burgers are good but you just can't beat the good ol fashion style like this. They have good milkshakes, good fries that arnt super greasy, you can get a beer and sit down and watch American Football. Go Seahawks! The staff has always been very helpful the only thing wrong is the toilets are a pain to get to . Other then that its a good burger joint and if you want a quick bite and your feeling like Whimpy from Popeye or want to watch American Sports go here!
5 Love this place. Fast, delicious, cheap food. What is there to criticise?  You can really customise your burger the way you want it, and there's a large array of extra toppings to choose from. They offer a decent selection of vegetarian options, though I don't know if there are many vegan-friendly ones. I've never had a problem with the service there - it's fast, amenable, and they've never screwed up my order. The interior is bright and cheerful, with TVs playing sports. I find that it's not too loud, but others might disagree. The toilets are a trek, but they're perfectly clean (unusual in fast food places? I don't know). There's also a disabled toilet and I'm pretty sure a wheelchair-user would have little problems getting in. One of the great things about this place is you aren't crippled by indecision at the counter - there's a massive menu on the wall off to the side, so you can peruse to your heart's content before even approaching.  It's a bit out of the way considering the areas I normally frequent in Edinburgh, but it's worth the walk. It makes a good, filling lunch or dinner, and if you have a student card you won't spend more than £10 for two people!   I've tried quite a few of their dishes now, and I can say with confidence: get the burgers (incl. Portabella mushroom), the fries, the milkshakes and the iced tea. Don't bother with the pancakes.
5 Considering their very, very decent prices, Wannaburger is an amazing place to have freshly prepared (!) fast food at. Their burgers are stellar compared to the papery stuff they serve at McDonalds and the like, and the chocolate peanut butter milkshakes actually make my (very nutrition-conscious) self not care about the calories. Service has always been friendly and you only have to wait 5-10 minutes for the food. Student discount, too! Amazing. Almost enough of a reason to move to Edinburgh.
4 This place is like a McDonalds for adults, everything is just that little bit more grown up I guess is the best way to describe the place. You can get your burger, fries with a beer. The beer is from the West brewery rather than some standard fosters or tennants malarky, so thumbs up from me on that note.  The restaurant is comfortable enough with some booths, high tables and regular seating. Nothing too complicated and from the asthetics its nice enough, but it is a burger joint so on to the food....  I guess the bad bit first the Onion rings ewww!! These were swimming in grease and pretty much inedible. I definately would steer clear of these even after a few beers I couldnt imagine them being appealing.  Now one of my favourite items on the menu the cajun fires. The spice mix on these bad boys is amazing!! I dont even like chips/fries, but these are something else. The portion size has decreased, but I actually view that as a good thing because I struggled to finish them last time. To accompany this I grabbed some of the slaw. This stuff was great really fresh tasting and a great accompanyment to the fries.  The beer is served in a plastic glass which is fine I guess, but I would rather of had a proper glass. This point had me hovering between 3 and a 4 star rating. The beer was kept well and had the distinctive west flavour.   Now onto why we come back here drunk and sober, the burgers. The Missus went for a grilled haloumi burger with blue cheese, jalapenos, and cajun spice.Yep cheese on cheese I am assured it was well good. Myself I went for double cheese burger with all sorts added on, check my photos.  The toppings for burgers are done in 2 teirs of costing - free or 50p. Make sure you grab the cajun spice on whatever you order. ;D  All in good service, great burgers and you can get a pint with it. Thumbs up from me I will definately be back at the point I need some good fast food.
4 Popped in here for a bite to eat after a few pints in town, and had a delicious burger and fries.  Can't believe I've never been here before, but I'll definitely be back.  There's a bus stop right outside too so it's handy for a quick meal before heading home.  Not quite up to the standards of somewhere like Shake Shack, but it's getting there and I can't wait for my next double burger!
4 I'd read about this joint in Edinburgh, and wanted to check it out for myself, given I seem to be on a burger kick with the current explosion in Glasgow of burger restaurants. I'm glad to say it didn't disappoint.  Let's cut to the chase. It's not a gourmet burger like something you'd get at say Burger Meats Bun or Meathammer. It's closer to the budget side, but that's not to say it skimps on quality. It's a million times better than an equivalently priced McDonalds meal.  I had a bacon cheeseburger, with cajun fries and iced tea. The service was quick and efficient, with your order being taken and paid for, you are handed a pager and a cup to go and get your own drink. Your drink is refillable if it's a soft drink, which is an awesome thing to have these days. I had an iced tea, an unusual drink for a burger place but fits the American vibe going on.  The decor is functional, but stylish. Benches, high tables, booths and normal tables adorn the interior, and there's a couple of TVs showing live sport when I was in yesterday.  Once I'd got my food, I was delighted. The burger wasn't as thick as some of the places previously mentioned, but it was well cooked, and tasty. The bacon was nice and crispy without being burnt, and the cheese just the right side of melty for me too! The bun was warmed up as well, always welcome.  The highlight for me though was the fries! The best cajun flavoured fries I've had in a LONG time. So spicy without being over the top, there was a real burn to them that the iced tea almost soothed :)  If you're in Edinburgh and either in a hurry or on a budget, or with kids - this would be perfect. My meal in total was just under £6.50, an amazing value for the quality and set up here.  Now? I wannaburger (sorry)
3 This place offers a tasty burger! But not just any burger - a possible combination of 345,672 burgers (well actually that might not be completely accurate, but there's a lot of possible combos!)   I was in Edinburgh for work for a few days and after just arriving I wanted something quick, tasty and healthy. Basically quick and tasty was well and truly covered but healthy went out of the window... I did try my best by getting the spicy bean burger with my own combo of Halloumi and Guac on top but this mix could well and truly have been a heart stopper now I think about it!  Burgers, fries, shakes and pretty much all below £10 for a good feed. You can sit in and takeaway - it serves a purpose if more on the side of fast food than restaurant but it was pretty popular so they're definitely doing something right!
4 Have always wanted to try this place out and was not disappointed! Me and my friend got the May special which is a blue cheese and bacon burger!! So yummy!   Quick service, free refills which for me is great. Have heard though the root beer floats are a must so will try the next time.   They also do student discount which is an added bonus, but even without the discount still a decent price! Will def be back!!
3 From the outside, Wannaburger seems to be quite pleasant looking. Maybe I'm just too fussy and have been spoilt for choice in Edinburgh, but this place was a bit too fast-foody for my liking.  The food was alright, it tasted like what you'd expect for a burger and fries under a tenner. It just didn't have an edge and I wouldn't be in a hurry to return. However it was jumping at 5pm so they clearly are doing something to pull in the crowds. Good for some, just perhaps not to my taste.
2 Have been to wannaburger over the last couple of years but was quite very disappointed by a recent visit. Ordered the spicy bean burger which i am usually a fan of but it seems that they have made a few changes, the burger was a bit overcooked and seemed like it was one of those cheaper veg burgers coated in breadcrumbs, very similar to a generic veg burger you get at a wetherspoons chain. Felt ill after eating the burger and not to good the next day also. Shame they have changed it! was also quite sad to not see black isle blonde on tap. Generally a bit of a let down.
