4 I came here on an early spring day to pick up a sandwich for a picnic after being suggested by a friend- I wasn't disappointed ! The choice of fillings was plentiful and the bread was fresh. You can make you own selection of fillings or choose one of their many combinations. There are indoor tables to eat at which looked nice and cosy and in the sun they place a few outside. Apart from its close proximity to the Meadows, its large windows allow a lot of sun in, and it's great to sit indoors and people-watch.
4 I am a little bit obsessed with a rival sandwich place just around the corner, so I feel like I'm cheating on them by writing this review, but Millers was too good to not mention.  At the end of the day there's not a huge amount you can say about a grab-and-go sandwich place with regards to décor, prices etc, but there are so many things that they can get wrong.   Luckily Millers gets it spot on: the bread is usually fresh (unless you go at the end of the day!), and there's a good range of fillings to choose from. You can build your own concoction or choose from their menu board, but what they don't have are some ready-made sandwiches for when your in a rush.  Next time I'm heading to the Meadows for a lazy afternoon in the sun with my friends, a frisbee and a freezer-box full of beers, I'll definitely pick up a sandwich from here on the way.
4 I used to stop by Millers Sandwich Bar practically everyday when I was on first year on my way home from lectures.  Located just a stones throw away from the Meadows and a short walk from the University, Millers has a thriving trade with the Edinburgh students and it is easy to see why.   In Millers, the rolls are always soft and you can choose which type of bread to have.  There is an exciting selection of fillings in the deli counter and you are able to completely build your own roll.  There are a few tables and chairs inside to sit down and eat, but on a lovely summers day it is great to take your fresh sandwich and sit in the Meadows for a relaxing afternoon.
5 Quite simply, Miller's is an excellent place for lunch or a spot of afternoon tea.  It has a wide range of items available, ranging from soups to baked potatoes to sandwiches of all sorts: wraps, baguettes, paninis, rolls.... the choice is seemingly endless.   On entering, you are welcomed by a lavish list of mouth watering fillings presented on blackboards. Ordering couldn't be simpler: choose a filling, choose the type of bread, salad? yes or no, boom, here's your delicious lunch, all at quite cheap prices.   There is a diverse range of coffees, herbal teas, and homebakes available.  An attractive atmosphere is created by a colourful, roomy interior, making this shop very pleasant to sit in and enjoy what's on offer. Overall, I'd highly recommend it.
5 Millers has a delcious selection of sandwiches and salads for very reasonable prices. The bread is always fresh and there is a huge variety of delicious fillings for your sandwich or salad. The baked goods are always yummy and very tempting. I highly recommend the egg salad sandwich on a baguette--yummy! The coffee drinks are also great! The location is great, right near the Meadows. Next time I'm in Edinburgh I will be sure and stop in for a sandwich and latte and treat.
4 Auf dem Weg vom Guesthouse in die Innenstadt bin ich immer an Millers Sandwich Bar vorbeigekommen.  Im kleinen, eher einfachen Laden gibt es eine große Auswahl an Sandwiches (eher Subs), Salaten und anderen Gerichten zum schnell essen.  Alles wird frisch zubereitet und auch Sonderwünsche werden erfüllt. So kann man zum Beispiel auch sein eigenes Sandwich stylen. "Sag was du magst und ich tu es drauf"  1 Sandwich (in der Hälfte geteilt) hat mir für 2 Mahlzeiten vollkommen ausgereicht.  Und das alles für einen phänomenal günstigen Preis: Die Sandwiches gibt es ab  £2,30
