3 Peter's Yard is a bakery-cum-coffee shop on the edge of the Quartermile development. It bills itself as a Swedish artisan baker selling freshly baked bread, coffees, teas and a good selection of cakes and pastries. The shop/cafe is in a modern building (think glass and steel) and is very bright, airy and Scandinavian. There are a few tables and chairs to sit outside on, which for once, is actually quite a pleasant thing to do as the only traffic going past is skateboarders on their way to Bristo Square. The staff look like they've come to work straight from the set of an American Apparel advert and are uber friendly and helpful. So far, so lovely. Unfortunately all this Scandinavian goodness comes at a price, a Scandinavian price, so it is not a cheap place to stop for a bite to eat - justifiable on the odd occasion, but certainly not everyday.
5 Located on Middle Meadow walk, under the new glass towers built there, is this sophisticated Swedish bakery. Boasting a huge selection of yummy cakes sandwiches and food, this is not your average coffee shop. The prices are a bit high but I have to emphasize that this place boasts quality and you certainly get it. Its tall ceilings and walls made out of windows make it very bright and airy, with its interesting interior, where you can even watch the kitchen make the artisan bread. Also, there is a nice outdoor area for sunny days and smokers. Their food options so far have not disappointed me in the slightest and the service is pretty good too.    The table layout is a bit strange and on busy days, one is squeezed in quite close to strangers. The high ceilings although appealing if they have a live jazz session, increase the noise level. Also, being on a student budget with a taste for quality I do find the prices quite high (it's more like a place to treat myself) In addition, weekends tend to be extremely busy with lots of families and small children so this might not be the place to have a quite read and a coffee at those times. Taking all of this into account, Peter's Yard is a breath of fresh air to your usual over-priced bagel and watery coffee- it offers yummy Swedish treats, artisan breads and spreads as well as good coffee, teas , interesting sandwiches and soup.
2 I'll keep it short as when we went there today, we found a table outside... in the sun... on a Saturday and we were deciding what we wanted for lunch from this reportedly great Swedish bakery.    So we had our table, it was sunny, it was lunch time, we knew what we wanted and... they had no bread, on a Saturday, in a bakery, at lunch time = fail.    Be yes, two stars, well it did look nice inside.
3 This place got loads of hype when it first opened 2 years ago, but I have to say that it's anything particularly special.  It's almost impossible to find a seat, for one thing, and when you do there's a good chance it'll be on the long table running down the middle of the place. Some people like sitting with random strangers making small-talk over their coffee, on a table that reminds you of the school canteen, but it's personally not my thing.  If you can get one of the other tables, then it's definitely worth the high prices. Their smoked salmon and crayfish open sandwich does cost almost £8 but it is so good you'll soon forget how much you paid for it after your first bite.  If you get sick of all the regular
3 Peter's Yard is a lovely little cafe in a brilliant location. You know it's going to be a classy cafe because of the black and white photos of bread and what not on the outside. Plus the interior is very mysterious and black, with slouchy leather sofas and low-set tables. You just know you wouldn't see any kappa trakka's or puffa's here.  It's within this that I have issue with.....it seems to attract a certain type of person. The type of person who sits in Peter's is either an intellect or a yah. Maybe both.   The hot chocolate, which wasn't that great at all, cost me a whopping £4.20- yeh it comes with a little fudge slice but I don't like fudge. Jeesh.  Overall, although I was impressed with the layout and style of the cafe, I really wasn't impressed with the prices and the atmosphere. There is a lovely Starbucks just up the road which has a far calmer atmosphere and is a lot cheaper - and that's saying something.
5 This Swedish cafe is great for everything from catching up with friends to curling up on their couch and enjoying a good book while drinking any of their great open leaf tea's or hot chocolates.   For breakfast go with their Cardamon bun, its out of this world. Open till 5pm I suggest their daily soups for lunch, Carrot and Coriander or Summer Vegetable are great. What might be even better than their soups and pastries are their on location baked bread. All in all you're missing out if you don't check this place out.
3 Set on the Quater Mile just off the Meadows, this little cafe just oozes class and style. The trouble is, once you get past the hype that has surrounded this place for quite some time now, you realise, Peters yard is actually just your standard cafe wearing some nice clothes and with an expensive price tag.  If you can manage to find a seat at all, either inside or out, you will then be surrounded by arsey interlectual types and Yah's - not a pleasent combination of people if all you want is a hot chocolate and a cookie to warm up with - which will cost you around £5 by the way.  This place could be great, but its price and its false class loose it stars.
4 Being a member of the Edinburgh University Scandinavian Society, this Swedish cafe has been the venue for a couple of our events, and it's definitely appropriate, even down to it's decor of minimalist scandinavian design.  I lived in Sweden for two years, so was increasingly surprised as I spotted one swedish speciality after another on the menu and at the counter! It's primarily a bakery, so all the delicious pastries and desserts I'd only found in Sweden were here, and in abundance as well; cinnamon buns and all sorts of muffins! They also sell a selection of sandwiches, and for those homesick Swedes, hand made crisp bread and jams imported from the land of the Vikings!  On the occasions I've been there for society get-togethers, there have been free for all waffles, served with ice cream, jam and cream... extremely messy but equally satisfying! And ofcourse a Swedish café wouldn't be complete without an endless supply of coffee; seeing as I'm not particularly a fan, I'll give it a pass and say I've definitely had worse.   Peter's yard is just off George Square, so a student favourite, and with outdoor seating, it's a glorious place to be when the Scottish weather decides to be generous!
4 Peter's Yard has opened on the new up and coming Quartermile only fairly recently, but I don't know how I functioned before it. It is situated just around the corner from the University students playground George Square and is a short walk from the Meadows so it is in an ideal location for students to pop into for a coffee or lunch.   Peter's Yard is a Swedish Bakery/ Cafe/ Coffee house and it serves the most tempting and mouth watering food. Their coffee's are in another league with the other coffee shops in the area and they offer a wide selection of different types and flavours. They open at 7am so it is a great place to stop in for a coffee and breakfast on your way to work as they a selection of breakfast options such as fruit salads, yogurt and granola.   They also serve sandwiches for lunches which you can chose to eat in or takeaway and they are of excellent quality - served on freshly made bread with fresh ingredients - yum! I adore their blueberry pastries which I frequently have as my breakfast, and they are very well priced at about £1.70.   Peter's Yard is more expensive on the whole than the other coffee shops in the area, but the quality of the food and drink is unbeatable. Wi-Fi is now available and there is seating both inside and outside the shop so it is a lovely place to bring your laptop and do some work while sitting outside on a lovely summers day.
5 Peter's Yard ticks all the right boxes for me:  Strong, freshly ground coffee. Granola with yoghurt and honey. Blueberry muffins and pastries.  Bowls of fresh fruit. Fresh OJ and smoothies. Toast made from home-baked bread. Even better toast with home-made jam. Open sandwiches made with rye bread. Open sandwiches made with sourdough. Nutty and textured crisp bread with cottage cheese. & Delicious cakes  The only grumble is the prices - which are more Covent Garden than Edinburgh. Luckily, two things compensate for the wallet rumbling. Firstly, everything is made by hand on the premises by artisan Swedish bakers. And second, Peter's Yard has a relaxed atmosphere and welcoming vibe with lots of rustic wooden furniture, comfy sofas, never ending glass windows and relaxed indie music.   Suffice to say, I'll be back and soon.
3 I still love Peter's Yard. Even though the number of stars has plummeted for me, I do. But, they have a new policy. A new policy that's really quite annoying. So, they opened another Peter's Yard behind the old one (not that old one). It's specifically for Takeaways. Because of this new Peter's Yard takeaway, they've decided that, during lunchtime, you're not allowed to get takeaway coffee from the older Peter's Yard. Which, you know, would be fair enough IF all you were getting was coffee. But, I was getting a takeaway coffee, a chocolate ball and a slice of pizza (I was hungover and was trying to cure myself on my way to work)... The takeaway part didn't have the latter two. So, they decided to make me go out to the other Peter's Yard, get a coffee there, to then come back and get everything else there. Instead of just making me a coffee on the spot. I mean, there wasn't even a queue: it was just a matter of following rules without rhyme or reason. And so, the plummet. I hope they decide to change this new policy, because it is both angering and stupid. I'm off Peter's Yard now. And my pocket is happier this way.
2 Always seems to be an attractive place for brunch/lunch with its bright, open feel in the middle of the meadows. However, I always find myself unimpressed with the selection for brunch and you have to be lucky to get a sandwich at lunch as when they sell out at 2pm they may refuse to make more.
3 For a Monday afternoon, the place was packed. Unfortunately due to ordering at the counter rather than table service, a sizeable queue formed and it took a little while to place our order. However, once we took possession of our goodies, we were more than ok with waiting that extra 10 mins. The coffee was delicious and had a hint of infused liquorice (perhaps?!), a most delightful blend. Our blueberry crumble was also above average, if being critical perhaps a tad heavy...but hey, it was good. We'll be back.
5 Uh oh.   Please don't bring me back here. My will is only so strong, and those cakes ALL looked mighty tempting (see uploaded photos).  Peter's Yard is in a great wee spot just at the top of Meadow Walk, right next to a Sainsbury's, a Starbucks, and underneath a block of apartments. For that reason, when I first saw, I thought "it must be a chain". And walked on by.  How wrong was I. As I realised more and more of my friends (cake-loving ones at that) were checking-in here, and it was a regular lunch spot for folk, I became curious. A bit of research around the Swedish Waffle Day brought me to the realisation that it's a Swedish café specialising in Swedish style cakes and café dining.  What does that mean? Cakes. Amazing, gorgeous, sultry, seductive cakes. Cardamon buns. Sponge cakes. Tarts. Croissants. Fruit pastries. Little cute bite-sized biscottis, shortbreads and cookies to go with coffee (these were more tempting as they seemed less sinful). And some gorgeous looking bread, to buy to take away, including rye.  There's also fresh made soups, pizzas, salads, sandwiches all of which look very fresh, very delicious and which I will be back to sample soon.  I only stayed for a peppermint tea and good chat. But despite the central, 'chain' location this place is an independent, Swedish gem that could very well put a cog in the works of my half-marathon training regime!
4 My knowledge of Sweden is very limited. Off the top of my head, the only things that I think of that are related to Sweden are Ikea, Swedish meatballs, Swedish fish, and Peter Forsberg, and the first two are inextricably linked anyway. So as you can see, I'm not very familiar with Sweden, or any of the other Scandinavian countries for that matter. When I learned of Peter's Yard, a well-regarded Swedish bakery mini-chain that has a location in Edinburgh, the first two questions that popped into my head were 1) what constitutes Swedish baked goods? and 2) would there be any assembly required? I was intrigued enough to pursue this further.  Entering the bakery shortly after it opened, I was immediately greeted by the warm smell of cinnamon swirling in the air. Piles of unfamiliar but most definitely tasty-looking baked goods, ranging from cakes and cookies to assorted breads and buns, were laid out on dishes on the countertop. Proclaimed as one of the bakery's specialties and supposedly a baked good with a cult-like following, the kladdkaka sounded like something I needed to try. Described as a dense, gooey, and sticky chocolate cake, kladdkaka sounded right up my alley. Unfortunately, the slice that I got was dry and crumbly, and I wouldn't be surprised if it was left over from the previous day. For something that was essentially a dry, glorified brownie that cost £2.70, I felt ripped off.  The disappointment from the kladdkaka, though, was remedied by the cinnamon and cardamom buns. I know that Ikea sells cinnamon buns, but the buns baked at Peter's Yard differ substantially from the typical American cinnamon bun. Both the cinnamon and cardamom buns at Peter's Yard consist of a braided mass of soft, slightly sweet dough. The cinnamon bun, topped off with some coarse sugar and almonds, bears no resemblance to the sticky, gooey, and ridiculously sweet (but still delicious) Cinnabons, but it was tasty all the same. I think I actually preferred the cardamom bun, with its slightly fruity flavor making for a more interesting-tasting bun. However, both the cinnamon and cardamom buns were fresh and made for a satisfying breakfast without the hyperglycemia-inducing sugar rush of a Cinnabon.  My first exposure to Swedish baked goods was a pleasant experience. I am definitely interested in trying out some of the other interesting breads and pastries I saw in the bakery, but I can't recall ever seeing a Swedish (or Scandinavian, for that matter) bakery in NYC, though perhaps that's because I haven't looked hard enough. Although I still know virtually nothing about Sweden, at least I will now think of something other than do-it-yourself furniture stores, chewy candies, and brittle hall-of-fame hockey players when I'm talking about Sweden.
5 Lovely vibrant coffee place.  Nice decor, high windows.  Recommend for coffee and scones
5 A real winner. Lovely soups and sandwiches. We summed it up: "we love this place. We'll continue to go back, and now that we know we can save almost £2.00 by going around the corner [to their take away shop], we'll seriously have to try to keep ourselves away."
4 This place is actually quite lovely.  Because it's situated so close to the University campus, I didn't expect much of it, I'm glad to say that I was wrong.  I think I was most impressed with the coffee. It's difficult at times to find a genuinely good coffee that doesn't taste burnt or as if the machine hasn't been cleaned for days. This place does it very well. I'd say the disadvantage is the children.  Because it gets rather overrun by them, it felt more like a zoo/playpen than a regular coffeeshop. If you're wanting a quiet read, keep in mind, this is not the place. Now for a good cup of coffee however ....
5 Do not ever let me go to this place again otherwise you may have to roll me out the door like a barrel!  My Achilles Heel is coffee, cake...... and bread. I love me a good bread. I did however manage to have some self control and not buy a dozen loaves to take home! What a brilliant place this is! This displays of bread and treats (that I know I really shouldn't have) literally are breath-taking. There is so much choice!! Something for every taste! I ordered a piece of the parsnip cake, thinking it will be along the lines of carrot cake, a personal fave, and an americano. Although after ordering saw the cinnamon buns and coffee and sour cream loaf. Aaaarrggghhh, too many things, and I wanted them all!!!  Oh boy. That cake was delicious..... with a nice orange cream cheese topping. It was quite a large slab aswell, I nibbled at it for quite a while. Coffee was really really good. So good in fact that I had two! Lovely lovely. I cannot believe it has taken me so long to go here, it is right next to my university building?! The lunch menu sounded lovely, there isn't a massive selection but I don't think it matters, the bread and cake are the stars of the show here!
5 Why did no one listen to me? In my last review of Peter's Yard I specifically said "do not bring me back here". I will eat all the cakes. And so far, on my few return visits, I am doing that with gusto.  Peter's Yard, for me, without a doubt bake some of the best cakes and bread in Edinburgh. The cake counter, and buns, and traybakes, and muffins, and slices - I dare anyone with a sweet tooth not to walk by these and immediately, pupils dilating, shout out uncontrollably "THAT ONE!" to the poor waiting staff behind the counter. My reaction wasn't that extreme, but oh boy, it's close.  I've stopped by here a few times for just a coffee, and to be honest, despite that the coffee is good, I wouldn't say it's the best place to come for 'just a coffee' as it's always really busy, crowded and there are only 4 comfy seats. The rest are all hard, wooden, with small space. If you know that what it's going to be like, then no problem, but it's just not very comfy. Maybe the place to read the morning paper, rather than nestle in with a good book. It's not a criticism, just sayin'.  But I will suffer uncomfortable seats for their cakes. On my first cake-outing I had two. Yes, two. Not at once. Paced a good hour between. Which is ok right? The fruit bun (one of the three 'buns' that are regularly available: the others being cinammon and cardamon) was simply delicious. Blueberries on top, custard inside. Then the coffee and sour cream loaf that followed was perfect. The parsnip cake I tried was also brilliant, huge grated chunks of parsnip and a very generous slice. They also have a wee box of little 'coffee side' biscuits for those wanting a sweet treat but perhaps not risking the guilt after. The chocolate and cardamon biscotti-type one I tried was a lot denser than it appeared, and perfect. Oh and the scones. They are massive, as big as my face. The fruit one I got 'to go' and had at home later with soup was divine. Apple and blueberry, with a giant slice of apple on top. The word "rustic" springs to mind.  The thing I like most about all these cakes, all the ones I've tried, is they're not overly sweet. They are still very decadent, probably loaded with butter and by no means am I kidding myself they're healthy, but they tasted far less sweet than any supermarket, store bought, or chain coffee store cake. The coffee and sour cream one was hardly sweet at all, and whilst the orange icing on the parsnip cake was sugary, the cake itself was again pleasantly mild. This allows the other flavours of the cinnamon, cardamon, fruit and all sorts to come through. The sponges are also entirely fresh. Oh, I just can't really describe how much I love the cakes here. My note on the lack of sweetness here is a good thing. Yes, they're still 'sweet' cakes but they taste so much more natural.  Whilst other places in Edinburgh are my real sweet-spot treat (thinking of The Manna House here, where the cakes are french, sweet, and perfect for my sweet tooth craving), I almost feel I could have  scone or parsnip cake for lunch from Peter's Yard and it wouldn't be TOO bad.  I feel I've waxed lyrical enough about the cakes here. Much like Louise C, and also my aforementioned plea, do not let me come here...ok "never" is unrealistic, but at least too often. I plan to work my way through them all, I do, but would like to keep the wardrobe I have too!
5 we've sampled both the flat white and cappuccino and both are seriously cracking. rich and robust with creamy soft milk. the flat white in the traditional smaller cup, perfectly formed.  among the best coffee in edinburgh, without a doubt!
5 Today, I woke up ill. Very ill. I felt as though nothing except perhaps a new body might make me feel better. Berocca and Beechams were not doing the trick. And I had a killer craving for hob nobs. I was at my wit's end.  Enter the ever wonderful Louise C with a special delivery. Vitamin tablets, my requested hob nobs and what's that? A little brown paper bag with the "Peter's Yard" stamp?! I knew I couldn't stomach anything rich or heavy...and lo she produced the most wonderful thing I think I've ever seen.  Two pear, blueberry and sour cream scones. Heavens above. In my hour of need, Peter's Yard (by the good hand of Louise C) were there. A wee cup of tea, a thin spread of butter, and the freshest, most loveliest, fruitiest, moist scone and I felt just that little bit better.  Read my other previous reviews (below) on Peter's Yard for a good idea of all the other (delicious) reasons I love them. But today, I love them just for that scone -nothing more, nothing less.
4 Scones are really meant to be round, no? But then the scones I know aren't packed with goat's cheese, courgette and parsnip, or pear, rhubarb and white chocolate either, so I'll forgive the squareness of the Peter's Yard ones.  Peter's Yard is a lovely, bright venue with huge windows, lots of tables outside if it's warm enough, and an array of sandwiches and cakes that all look gorgeous, in a square-scone sort of way. I mean, what's the point of an open sandwich? How do you eat it? Especially one with slices of potato on... it melts my mind a wee bit, but I'm determined to go back and give it a try!  It does take a while to get served, as everything's ordered at the counter, but that does give you plenty of time to stare at all the goodies on offer and make a decision. Next time, I'll brave the sandwiches, and report back on how I manage to eat mine.
4 Peter's Yard is really an authentic bakery. If you are living or working in the area, you should definitely pay a visit to Peter's Yard.  I love all of their food. Soups are quite good to have for lunch. Their breads are really nice, which I often purchase to eat at home. They have good quality coffee and yummy desserts (my favourite is the parsnip cake, which is very much like the carrot cake).  Now, there are two issues with this place:   (1) It is busy all day and all week long. Consequently, their service can be quite slow. Be prepared to wait in a long queue if you go there during lunch times. Finding a table is not always easy, especially if you are a group of friends/colleagues. It'd be great if they had a larger space.  (2) Prices are definitely not cheap! If your budget is tight, you probably wouldn't wanna go there every day. I wouldn't say the place is expensive, because their food and drinks are high quality, and you're paying for that quality.  Overall, yes I'm a fan, but I wish the place was larger, the service was faster, and the prices were little lower:))
4 I love this place, great cafe in a great location right by the Meadows. The Cardamom hot chocolate is greatly recommended. And they are open till 10pm Tuesday-Saturday.  Perfect for sunny afternoons in the Meadows is the hidden gem round the back, their takeaway place, sadly only open till 6pm. The ice cream here is amazing, great flavours and they got them spot on. Favourite of mines are Cardamon, Coconut and Pistachio. Pistachio was my favourite ice cream as a kid and but once I had their pistachio it was something else. They've perfected the flavour. Please let me know if you can find better ice cream anywhere around.
4 I've been going back to Peter's yard after a year or so of abandonment (this was due to work being so far away but now I'm back over the road)   Going to do this in Pro - Con form (I'll likely have more pros than cons so this may get a bit interesting towards the bottom)  PRO - The flat White is AMAZING, as is the cappuccino   CON - There is usually a pretty HUGE queue and it can be tough to find somewhere to sit.  PRO - The food is delicious and filling and YUM YUM YUM. Breakfasts are really good.  CON - It is admittedly also quite expensive. This is ok sometimes but occasionally I felt a little short changed.   PRO - It's an amazing building that feels airy, bright, sunny, magic and warm CON - Because of this it's REALLY busy sometimes and can be hard to find a seat as already mentioned. They also have NO WIFI (sin)  PRO - They do really good pots of tea that are excellent value for money and do do takeaway coffee CON - They took away the honesty box for takeaway coffee because tramps kept stealing it - This means you have to queue for it and that takes ages - defeating the point of it being a "quick" option.  PRO - It's independently owned and I love it because they are doing something different and interesting and creating a strong brand. CON - I find it really hard to find nice fitting trousers in most high street shops now a days. usually no bum/legs are too tight. WHAT SHAPE ARE MOST MEN NOW FFS?  PRO - The outdoors bit is really good. Lots of space - good sun in the morning. CON - I hate that there are cash machines in some places that charge you to use them. It really really annoys me. The ONLY one at Aberdeen Central Station charges you £1.50 - can you believe that?  PRO - It's a lovely place to sit and read a book/tether your laptop to your phone and work. CON - I imagine it wouldn't be a great place to be in an earthquake.  So overall. Amazing stuff. I recommend checking it out and eating crispbread and cheers MMMMMMmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMM
4 Mmmm mmmm. The coffee here is very tasty. They use high quality beans roasted to perfection, and make each cup with care  the baristas really do know their business. They also have a fridge full of delicious looking bottled juices.  Peters Yard also have an impressive range of cakes, scones and slices It takes real strength to avoid temptation. From spelt to rhubarb and dark chocolate scones and from passionfruit tart to chocolate and walnut brownie with cheesecake, you are sure to find the perfect taste to accompany your coffee. If you are after something a bit more substantial, there is also a selection of pizzas available. Baked goods e.g rye bread, olive bread etc are a specialty here, and are available for purchase at reasonable prices. This is the kind of place you're guaranteed to get food envy because everything just looks and tastes so yummy! Facilities include a large number of indoor and outdoor tables with a couple of more comfy chairs available if you're lucky. Toilets are easily accessible and disabled friendly.
4 I reached Peter's Yard in a state of anticipation. Yelpers had been raving about this place, the sun was shinning and the Ray Bans were on. The only clouds anticipated were the possibility of no GF products.  I went in to grab cake. 1. its a staple food and 2. I wasn't sure when I'd eat if the work meeting hadn't catered for my special needs. The open sandwiches look amazing - sure I can't eat the bread but they are substantial enough to be a decent salad minus it. Fresh bread and cakes are on offer. No GF bread but there is GF cake and a decent choice. Luckily I love nuts (might be an issue for non-nut eating GF's) as many options were of the nutty variety - Pecan Pie, chocolate covered meringues with nuts, pastachio horse shoes and another option which escapes me. For a place which appears to be evil (non-GF) heaven, I was pretty damn pleased that I had a selection to uhm and ahhh over, till I made up my mind.   I went for the Pecan Pie. Now I know there have been a few comments about prices, etc but this pie was pretty damn great and a pretty damn good portion - I've had cake in town which has been a 3rd of this size and more expensive. It was yummy (also Vegan friendly) with lots of pecan's and a lovely sweet base with almonds to give it a bit of bite - just moist enough to be moreish but not to disintegrate.   This cake also passed the bag test - see what goes in Claire's bag and comes out intact - which is a major accomplishment. It travelled all over Edinburgh and beyond, in its little Peter's Yard box and stayed intact - that's impressive - to be finally consumed around midnight, a good 14 hours after it was purchased. Although the box wasn't airtight (it may have taken a bit of punishment between the folders and IT equipment), there was no difference in its taste (nibbled at throughout the day as work did provide a GF lunch) and it hadn't started to go hard or stale.   Peter's Yard I salute you! The provision of freshly baked GF bread (or the holy grail of GF Carrot cake) will get you am instant 5 stars, but you might get an upgrade on my next visit as I'm sure we'll be seeing each other lots.
4 Outside in the sun (remember that?!?) on Saturday past, I had one of the best darn coffees I've ever tasted. It was rich but smooth. It looked sexy. Yes actually sexy. I didn't want to disturb the art. But I did and it was ace man space man. The other treats on offer at Peter's are top notch and I like the staff - they work hard to make great coffee.  Top work Pedro and his yardites.
5 And then Peter's Yard created pizza. And there was wine. And it was open till 10pm. And it was good.  Seriously, too good. My love affair with Peter's Yard is no secret. The coffee, the chai tea, the savoury scones (they're square!), the sweet scones (with cherries!), the cinammon buns, the not-too-sweet cakes, the passion fruit tart. The smoked salmon on rye bad open sandwich. The crayfish on bloomer. The big open windows, the friendly Swedish staff. As a cafe, it hit every single one of my coffee, tea, cake and lunch-time buttons.  And then there was there "No-Compromise Pizza". It's not the most eloquent, it's a bit of a mouthful. The marketer in me was a little irked by the random, long, hyphenated name of this pizza. And what an interesting choice of words it is. But it does exactly what it says on the...basket (this pizza comes in a basket, not a box).  Sourdough base, the freshest ingredients: torn chunks of mozarella that melt in gooey puddles, rather than the uniform, grated thin layer of slightly burnt cheese a lot of pizzas can offer up. Olives, parma ham, artichokes.   There are three options: vegetarian; salami / parma ham; and anchovies. In my wee group of 4 girls, we got all three different types, a bottle of red (and a glass of white) to share and had ourselves the loveliest of evenings. The Festival had just passed, the crowds were gone, it was still light outside so we could sit and watch the evening creeping up on us through the window-walls, enjoying the most delicious of pizzas.  They're not a pizzaria, they're not known for their pizza, but I challenge you to find a better pizza in a local Italian restaurant. The Swedes sure know how to pull a surprise...  So I could now basically live here and turn into a little dough ball, but a very happy wee dough ball at that.
4 It pains me to do this, but I must deduct one star. For a very important reason. Peter's Yard, I love you and we've had a wonderful time together -the little sugary kisses of cake, the light yet satisfying open smoked salmon sandwich, the spicy and warming chai tea, the coffee with a kick - but recently you stung me. You stung me bad.  Soup for £6.50. I kid you not. One bowl of regular sized soup, with two slices of regular sliced bread, for £6.50. I admit, it was my fault for allowing this to happen. I wasn't paying attention. I ordered my soup, chatting to a friend, and when I was told the amount I didn't blink an eye - I must have assumed I'd also ordered coffee. But as I sat down I realised my error, and how I'd allowed you to do one over on me. I had, in fact, paid £6.50 for one bowl of soup.  Given that a glass of wine is £3.50, or an open sandwich around £5, I can't fathom or even comprehend the justification behind charging £6.50 for a bowl of soup. It was home-made, yes. And it was evidently made with nice quality fresh veggies. Yum. But...I just...words can't even... I'm speechless.  This review is something of a rant. It's still 4 stars as I still love your cakes, and your sandwiches, and the open light windows, and I think it was your sour dough pizza that caught my heart. I just will never, ever, ever again order soup here. I'd genuinely love to know the reason behind charging so much for a regular bowl of soup and bread - it's only £2 less than the pizza which is 'no compromise' and made with only the best ingredients.  So, in this instance, it's not me - it's definitely you.
5 Oh Peter's yard with your bakery goodness, why isn't there one in Glasgow?  Actually scrap that, I'd be much worse off....  So I have to trip through to Edinburgh to get my fix of Swedish bakery goodness.  Now we're not talking about the wee shoppe at the end of ikea here.  This is the real deal.  I've got distant Scandinavian family and so have long had a love of swedish crisp breads, and the last time I had ones as good as the ones you can get here was when we had then from Sweden itself.    This place isn't cheap - but it's perfect for a treat.  I brought the parental types here when they came to stay and my Mother was over the moon reminiscing about the old family holidays abroad.  Now it's also worth mentioning that my Mutti navigates the country by where she can get her next caffeine fix (yes really) so the coffee here gets a big thumbs up.  Which is to be expected when they are serving up Artisan Roast stuff, done properly.  Huzzah.  My top tip?  Splash out and get a loaf of bread to take home, or even just a cardamom bun.  For me they are the smell of Scandinavia; every coffee shop I went into in Finland served these traditional treats.  Serve with strong coffee on an Ikea table with stupid name (table optional)
3 Ouch. It really pains me to do this, but after a recent sting at Peter's Yard I don't think I can keep coming here as often.  I mean I could. But then I might have to stop buying new clothes. And other food. Pretty much just live off one main meal a day at Peter's, and maybe also only afford make-up and shampoo and soap every second month.  Ok that's a tad extreme. But when my most recent lunch here -one open salmon, and one pot of tea - came to £10, I was shocked and hurt. Peter, we've had a good run. I've been coming here regularly for 2 years, since I moved to Edinburgh. I eat lunch here at least once a week, and if not that then a cake-date with a friend. I've lauded the wonders of your sourdough pizza to everyone I know, I've bought take-away cake as cheer-up presents for friends countless times, I *even* bought your soup until I discovered it was £6.50. But despite that, I came back.  And this time, the soup was down to £5.50. But the sandwiches were up to £7.50. Yes, dear reader. £7.50 for an open smoked salmon sandwich. And £2.50 for a pot of tea. So there was no change from my £10 note.  Now, is it just me being a scrooge, or is this a step too far? I mean...really. I tend to only reserve that much for lunch when it's something like sushi. Yes, the salmon is delicious. And the bread freshly baked. But it's just too much.  So the food is still delicious, the café still light and airy. It still has all those qualities that wooed me originally. But I physically cannot afford to eat here as often as I did. Bad, sad times.
4 Peters yard is a Swedish cafe which does really good food. I would love to come here for breakfast every week, but I would quickly go into overdraft. There are many beautiful pastries, biscuits, cakes, loaves of bread and open sandwiches on display. There are also daily 'pizzas' and soups, and you can get homemade ice cream in the 'food to go' section around the back, though I must emphasize that Peters yard main claim to fame resides in their fantastic baked goods.   The cardamon and cinnamon buns are somewhat famous in Edinburgh, as they are so good! They are also authentic. I have eaten the same buns in Norway and Sweden, and these were very similar...  or dare I say it, better? They are light, not too doughy, and enriched by a delicious spiced sugar. Even better (in my opinion) are the fruit buns: you get the same delicious pastry, but with custard cream and entire raspberries or blueberries. Wash that down with a cardamon hot chocolate or a cappuccino, and you have the breakfast of dreams.  Peters yard caters for most diets, offering a few vegan cakes, soya milk, and a few gluten free options. The building is made with glass, and therefore unsurprisingly lets a lot of light into the room. This combats SAD which is almost inevitable during a Scottish winter. There are quite a few recipe books which are interesting to browse whilst waiting for your food. Every time I go there I get it into my head that I am going to start baking Nordic pastries!  Peters yard is conveniently located on the edge of the quartermile development, between the University of Edinburgh and the meadows. This makes it ideal for student socials, picnics in the park and quick snacks.  My only problems with peter's yard:  1. The price-I end up spending about £10 here for a light breakfast. 2.  The non-baked goods. They are not bad, per se, but this is not the expertise of Peters yard. I am a big fan of thin and crispy pizza, and find the pizzas here way too thick and starchy. The soup isn't bad either, but it's something which I make better at home for a fraction of the price. I have looked at the open sandwiches often in awe, then shied away after seeing the steep price tag.  Other than that, this is a really great place for fresh bread, cakes, and above all PASTRIES! It is a luxury though, and I can't imagine being able to afford coming here all the time.
5 Nice soup with wonderful bread!! Lovely pattern on the top of latte! The bread come with soup is always amazing!! Especially the bread with roast almond and nut. The latte has smooth taste. Staying there the whole afternoon is so delightful because the day light fulfilled the room. Cakes are fantastic as well and friends like their scones so much. You have many choices of bakery things everyday in Peters Yard. By the way, must have a glance of their chocolate shelf, which have plenty of flavored chocolates, even lavender chocolate. Guess they must be great. Anyway, it is a valuable place around the george square.
1 Swedish Meat-flaws  ....I have tried this place a few times and it just upsets me every time.   I love Sweden, lots of good things come from Sweden, Ikea rocks my world, Absolut is one of my favourite vodkas, Zlatan Ibrahimovic is a god, Massages and Saunas are also awesome, Tiger of Sweden make great clothes - and let us not forget the Swedish House Mafia!  Peter's Yard is not on my list of good things to come from Sweden  I heard they did great hot chocolate, I went in for one, I thought it was a bit m'eh. I try their cinnamon buns, again average, my housemate bakes better, and their sandwiches just seem to be trying too hard.  Most of the stuff on the shelves is pointless, I wouldn't want to buy any of it - apart from the kiddies coffee cups, they are cool.  I know this sounds harsh, but I get excited about places like this and it hurts when they don't come through with the goods.. I once ran across the meadows from my  flat to buy a couple coffees to go and some coffee beans, they told me to go next door - OK I get it, you have a takeaway place next door how about you go next door and get them for me?   As Jenny says, its overpriced also, and I don't care much for Artisan Flat Bread, thanks but no thanks
3 Yesterday my boyfriend and I came to Peter's Yard for lunch, and then I stayed on to work from here in the afternoon. When we walked in, we were just able to get the last two free seats at a large, shared table in the back. We were there just after 1:30 and they were down to their last few sandwiches and last two servings of soup available for the day. We were a bit surprised at how expensive everything was. £5 for soup of the day is a bit steep, as is £5.50 for a glorified cheese sandwich. My vegetarian sandwich was good, though, and what I liked best was the sunny environment with natural light streaming through the many floor-to-ceiling glass windows on three sides of the cafe. I think what Peter's Yard makes best is everything coming from its top-rate bakery and from its coffee machines.  So I stayed on to work from here after lunch, moving to one of the more comfy chairs (when one opened up) rather than the table where we ate. I was a bit surprised that there was no free wifi (only the BT wifi you have to pay for), which could have been an issue for me other days but luckily I had some editing to do on paper so I was able to sit and enjoy the environment while working, and then check my work emails on my phone. It's not ideal for someone working from home unless you have work you don't need to do relating to anything online, but it works otherwise.  My Tips: 1) If you're coming for lunch, get here early to head-off the lunch rush and get the lunch options while they're still available.  2) If working from here again (which I'm sure I will since I liked the atmosphere and natural lighting so much), I'd probably not come for lunch but, rather, come in the middle of the afternoon for coffee and cake. That is better on the wallet and also on the ability to find a seat. Also, I'd only come to work from here when I know I don't need the Internet!
5 Loved Peters Yard so much that I came here three times when I was visiting my friends at Edinburgh. It's a great place to grab coffee and catch up with friends. The first night I shared a pizza with my friends and I thought it was delicious, very flavorful and the crust was done perfectly. I was addicted to their cinnamon buns, literally they are crack. The café also has a lovely atmosphere and the servers are all quite friendly.  One negative is the pricing, it is quite expensive, especially for an American. I think everything is expensive in the UK, but this café is quite pricey for what it is. Nevertheless this is a great place and I would love to come back when in Edinburgh again. If I remember correctly the coffee is also quite good!
1 Was not welcoming... Fifteen min for a coffee... Not a great value...
4 Really lovely coffee and cakes and whatnot with fast, free wifi and a tolerant attitude towards people working there for fairly extended times. Perhaps, a bit let down by the massive & astoundingly slow-moving queue, which is about the only bad thing I can say about it.
3 Achingly middle-class. I hate that I like this place. I am such a stereotype. But, there's a lot to be said about Scandinavian aesthetics and Swedish food. Ugh. It's a good option for that neck of the woods, too.   Be prepared to take out a second mortgage. This place is a treat-only kind of stop. Fabulous cake options. so beware your expanding waistline. The queues are pretty mental too. BUT. Still worth a stop. It's four stars on a good day when the queues aren't insane.
4 I really like Swedish pastries and this place was calling out to me whenever I passed it on the way to the theatre everyday. Decided to stop in after a day that required much needed caffeine. I noticed that there were people ordering their pizza. It looked amazing so the next day, I came back with two friends and we ordered two pies to share. It was so delicious! I've been living in a country where good pizza is hard to find and missed NY-style pizza. I was definitely happy to be digging into this pizza. I even came back to get a pie the last few days of my three week stint during the festival. Get the Parma ham pizza, you won't be disappointed.  I also had the chocolate coconut ball but it was ridiculously tough to bite into so I wouldn't recommend it. Stick to coffee, tea, pizza, and the sandwiches (I thought they looked good)
5 As a half swede I love any chance to have a cinnamon bun. They didn't disappoint. Coffee was also excellent as was the soup served with delicious bread. They're clearly very good at the bread thing. Top marks yay!
4 I like this place.  I think the coffee is excellent, if not a little expensive. Tip - buy their reusable cup for £5 and you get all you coffees for £1.80, makes it much cheaper (basically the same price as everywhere else). Sometimes you have to wait a long time to get your coffee, which isn't ideal if you're getting it to go. I have to admit I sometimes go elsewhere just to avoid the wait.  The food is also pricey, however, the pastries and cakes are reasonable. I wouldn't go there for lunch though, a little too pricey for me.
2 Long lines emphasize their popularity, but aside from the gorgeous aesthetics (open windows, modern feel), I don't know what the fuss is about. I found their coffee to be quite bitter and didn't like waiting in a 10 min long line. You can see the appeal because of its amazing location and outdoor seating, but it's too expensive for what you are getting. If you are ok with essentially paying for the view and location, then it's a great one! (Ps. Students be aware there is no wifi!)
5 Very solid bakery!    The cardamom bun opens your senses, slightly sweet, and savory, with a lingering cardamom finish.  The vanilla roll was like a bagel donut with vanilla tapioca pudding in it, rolled in sugar.  Tried the hot chocolate - perfect temperature, good chocolate/ milk balance, and sinful.  My latte was a bit bitter, which was the only downside, but corrected with some table-side pure cane sugar.  The pink rock candy citrus shortbread was buttery and soft, but not too flaky.  Self-serve tap water available (a plus for any runners like me who drink a lot of it).    Love the blankets available to use for outdoor seating, and staff was friendly and willing to answer my questions about ingredients.  Great location, and way better than Starbucks next door for the same price.
5 I LOVE this place. Yes the coffee is a tad overpriced compared to other places but I also know that I will get an amazing coffee every time I go. The cardamom buns are to die for and is another reason why I pick this place over other coffee shops. This place can get pretty busy at times but worth the wait!
4 The coffee was fine but not spectacular, and pricey although obviously you'll suck it up because you must have something to sip on alongside your yummy treats. I'd say the cardamom bun is reason alone to make it over here, but there's also plenty of nice dense rye breads and crisp crackerbread, fresh sandwiches, and lots of other enticing goodies. The space is bright and glassy, and there are a few comfy couches and a long communal table to sit and read. During the day you might like to stay a while, they even have a basket of blankets to keep yourself warm.
5 This is simply one of the best cafés in Edinburgh! OK, so I might be slightly partial being from Sweden but let me convince you... Peter's Yard has amazing cakes, buns and breads from from Sweden, baked I perfection :)   BUT what makes it the best place ever, is the sourdough pizzas with their fresh toppings. These are moorish and addictive! If you have not had one yet, get your ass here ASAP (well to the Stockbridge branch anyway!)  That is all :)
3 Not quiet, but plenty of space.  Bright huge windows and pretty decent coffee.   If you're looking for a place to relax the day away, this isn't it.  But if you're looking to meet a friend for coffee this might be.
