4 This is definitely a studenty pub, there's no getting around it. Whilst some people don't like that, it gves the place and young and laid-back feel to it - ideal for a relxed pint in the afternoon or a casual pub lunch.  The décor is the standard Scream Pubs stuff, with lots of big comfy sofas to lounge on, a jukebox, several pool tables etc, but unlike the other pub in Edinburgh city centre belonging to this chain The Crags was given a refurb not so long ago and isn't the shabby type of place you'd expect if you've ever been to The Tron.  They've revamped their food menu too - as well as all the usual Burgers/Fish & Chips etc that you find on menus in pubs they've also added a Nando's-esque section with piri piri chicken.  The best thing about this place has to be the prices: a pint will cost you round about £2-£2.50, with vodka mixers only £1.80, and the food is just as reasonably priced. The second best thing is the pub quiz on a monday night (recently changed from sundays)... they give out so many random prizes throughout the quiz that the £1 entry is well worth it. If you win, your team has to play "Drink or No Drink" with boxes to find out what your prize will be, and they range from a pint of cordial up to a whole keg of beer.  It's not perfect though - if you're planning on eating there i'd recommend you take your own bottle of ketchup with you as there's never any there, it gets swiped by the students according to the bar staff!
5 There is no doubt about it - located right next to Pollock Halls, The Crags is more of less exclusively reserved for students. And what a great student pub! They have combined a traditional building with wacky cartoons everywhere. Their menu is really quirky and the staff are brilliant. One of the best things about the Crags is the size, it's really big! So if you're looking for a meal you can always get a seat (unless the football is on). The seats are great too, really big comfy sofas to sink into.  The food is your bog-standard bar food, burgers etc. As a student, it was great. They always have great offers on burgers, beer and spirits, and for £1 you could get your hands on a yellow card to give you further discount and great opportunities.   I love the Crags! Whether you are taking your parents for lunch or watching the football, it's got a great atmosphere and is really brilliant.
3 I am going to go against the tide here and say I wasn't too keen on The Crags. Yes it is a student bar, but it is definitely more of an Edinburgh Uni/Rugby/Hockey player bar. Being neither of those things, I have never been too keen on The Crags.   It's cheap and comfortable with big sofas and the fact it is pretty huge is a bonus. But I almost felt out of place due to the fact I wasn't all Rah Rah Yah Yah and wearing Jack Wills/Canterburys. (Are Canterburys still the 'it' thing for students? Or is it just Jack Wills now?) Anyway, back to my point. As it is located right across from Pollock Halls, it is popular with Edinburgh uni students. As far as student type bars go (and Scream pubs for that matter) this is probably one of the better ones, so if that is what you are looking for then The Crags is perfect.  It is a little too far out of town for me though.
3 This is a huge pub very popular with the student crowd, especially as it is right across from the Student Halls of Residence. There are huge screens to watch all the important games on and two bars, with some pool tables doted around .It's recent refurbishment gives it a sort of modern twist. There is a beer garden too(sadly over looking the car park but you can kind of see the Crags) but it was raining when I came here. The food is typical, burgers etc but quite good portions for the price.    I used to think this place was great when I was in Halls- always buzzing on a Monday, Friday or Saturday night it was great to start your night here or go for a quick pint during the week. Looking back what made it great was the buzz of freshers and being a fresher. Going back everyone seems so young and you sort of get stampeded by first years.   I have very fond memories from this place but don't think I'll head back here any time soon.
3 Having lived in the nearby Frasier Court during my very first year in Edinburgh, The Crags was a regular option for a social drink with my new found chums.    The Crags covers all the bases: cheap drinks, acceptable food and an entertaining environment.  Pool tables, lounge style sofas, sports screens - it's all here and perfectly fine as a typical student haunt.  I never went back after moving away from the area, but nonetheless it served its purpose well for the time I used it.
5 Being situated within a minutes walk of Edinburgh Uni halls of residence, The Crags is of course marketed entirely for students.  The food and drink is cheap, they show major sporting events on the large screens in each of its two rooms and they offer 'yellow cards' which get you discounts on drinks.  In my first year they used to have 'Quids Night' where most drinks only cost one pound and it was the ideal place to begin a cheap(ish) night on the town.  The new alcohol laws have of course banished this possibility but the drinks still remain reasonably priced.  Further, the food is excellent and they serve a burger of your choice with a pint for just £3.50 which is easily a meal in itself. The pool tables are in good condition, there is plenty of comfortable seating and the bar staff are efficient at dealing with the queues when it's busy.  The Crags is the ideal place to either unwind on lazy afternoons, enjoy the match or begin your big night out.
3 A word of warning. This place is right next door to Pollock Halls student accomodation - so if you hate student pubs, stop reading now and find something else.  This place is in every single way catered towards its student clientele. Cheap drinks, cheap food (mainly burgers and chips) and some entertainment mixed in with a fun and friendly atmosphere.  There are a few complaints that I have though - this place needs a good lick of paint and a spring clean, it's looking a bit shabby and feels more than a bit sticky.  Also, the students who come here are often the much hated ''Rah's'' and once they are full of cheap and nasty white wine, but before they head off to a night on George Street - they can be quite the handful.  Over all though, I quite like this place - its cheap and cheerful as my mum would say, and if all you want is a pint and a burger, this is your place.
2 Wanker central if we're being honest with ourselves. For students who spend so much money on Polo Lessons they can't afford that weekly trip to the cocktail bar.  Great pub itself, but you will be stuffing chips into your ears to aviod "OMG, did you hear what Sarah said on Facebook".
3 The Crags is one of these places that is always going to be super popular with students, due to its location near the Edinburgh Uni halls of residence. Last time I checked it was a Scream pub, which means you can get deals on food and drinks if you're a student. If you're going to The Crags you actually have to make the effort to go, as it's not really near many other pubs, so the fact you have to make a special effort to get there deters me slightly, because I quite like to move to a few different pubs if I'm out for the night.   This isn't a pub of stunning aesthetic beauty, but what does that matter if you're imbibing cheap beverages and pretending you're in first year to see if anyone believes you're that young...is it just me that finds that game entertaining?
4 This pub just across the road from Pollock Halls shouldn't pretend to cater to any one other than Edinburgh University students.   During fresher's week I had a burger here, which wasn't one of the greatest experiences. It tasted as if it were made of Haggis, which is something that shouldn't be sprung on someone like that!Understandably, I haven't had a meal there since, but have spent many great nights just hanging out with friends until the sometimes unfriendly staff asked us to leave!  The crags is extremely cosy and dimly lit, with comfortable leather chairs and an impressive jukebox! I've had some issues trying to get it to play Ricky Martin songs, but otherwise it seems quite obedient. During the summer months, there's a large outdoor seating area as well!  I'm tempted to pretend to be a fresher again just to head back there next year!
3 If you were in Pollock Halls in first year you are probably very familiar with this pub as it was the watering hold of choice, especially on Monday's 'quids' night. Unfortunately due to Scotland's crap licensing laws this is now illegal, but I'm sure the pub is still a popular place on monday night. In fact I know it is, having been to some of the pub quizzes there. These are better than most, with prizes including free meals, money and sweets being jettisoned  with reckless abandon.   The pub itself is a Scream Pub so no great surprises as to what it's going to be like. Big sofas to lounge about on, a few pool tables, jukeboxes, itboxes and cheap booze. The Crags is actually a really big pub and is one of the better ones of the Scream chain. As far as beer goes they have a large selection of draught lagers, including your standard Tennents, Grolsh, Carlsberg, but also Magners and Bulmers on tap. There is also an okay choice of wines and ciders and the normal spirits. If you buy the yellow card (and wait the ridiculous 3 days to activate it) then you get 35p off every draught drink and a bit off spirits as well. Doesn't sound like a lot but you normally end up having long sessions here so it can add up.  The food is pretty average as well. Actually it's pretty bad but is ridiculously cheap. You can get a beer and a burger for £3.95, the price of a pint in some other places. They have normal pub food really, burgers, grills, chicken, curry, pastas  and one or two token salads and it is all very average. It is good stodge though if you need to line your stomach before getting on it and with many dishes at 2 for 1 is good value.  The pub is normally overrun with students which is okay, but turns into a pain when the sports teams turn up there. They are loud, arsey and spend their time getting wasted and irritating everyone else around. I don't care if people want to get drunk, in fact I'm all for it, but when they act like douchebags to everyone else that annoys me. When the students aren't there during the holidays, the pub is either empty or has a few old blokes in taking advantage of the cheap drinks.  Not the best pub around, the beers are okay and the food is pretty poor but it is very cheap. If you are a student you'll probably live it but if you don't mind spending a few quid more over the course of a night there are much better places to go.
3 You get to know Crags as the pub where the annoying first year students go to. Now, as a first year student once, I realise as a group we have and can be very annoying. You cannot but bump into a bunch of first years, who are all rowdy and cannot handle their drink.   If you get past this though, the Crags is a decent place for a pint and a beer. The bar mainly stocks lagers and does not have ales. Student discount is available. The food menu is your normal pub grub food and does not excel, but it also does not disappoint!  Food and drink are okay, and if you want to watch the football it can have a good atmosphere (if you support an English team). However, avoid this place during Freshers Week!
2 The Crags is directly opposite Pollock Halls and so you would expect it to be filled to the rafters with students; apparently it used to be. My experience of The Crags has been somewhat different. It looks as if the emphasis has changed now from pub to grub as certainly they aren't looking to drag in the students by the barrel load anymore.  The drinks prices are fairly high for a pub that is best described as shabby. It generally smells like toilet cleaner and the lighting is so dim I'm surprised people manage to find their way out again after a couple of pints(people normally leave at this point as once they have forked out £3.50 per pint their wallet is a bit lighter than expected).  The staff are unbelievably rude and obnoxious to the point that it's actually quite funny and you wonder whether they are actually trying to shoo away pesky students so they can sell food to more sophisticated clientele.  I really am trying to limit my visits here to when I can't be bothered trekking across town to a more student friendly pub.
