5 Got their number from a formal tenant.  The water heater on one of my rentals broke down.  Another plumber company (Freddie's Plumbing) came out, did some repairs and really F it up.  When a new tenant move in, the gas company put a red tag on it and told us not to use it. Of the 10+ years of having rentals, never has the gas company put a do not use red tag on a rental.    Anyhow, Tyler with Proskill came and give me their $600 50 gallon special.  Out the door with additional connections was like $701.  Tyler is fast and reasonable priced.    Other plumber may give you good price but you may find that the work is questionable.  I found out the hard way.   I was kind a surprise that Proskill has no reviews.  I guess customers want to keep quiet when they find a good plumber.  LOL.
5 I will never have to look for another plumber again! Proskill Plumbing is who I'm going with from now on. Travis came out, and skillfully fixed my problem. He did not try to upsell me, nor pressure me. Just did the job I called for and was done! What an experience! It's a surprise to have a service company that treats their customers like that, but Proskill does, so I would recommend them to any of my friends, family and neighbors.
5 We were planning on replacing our heat pump this year but a mid-summer air conditioning failure moved it up on our priority list.   As snowbirds we had anticipated waiting until we were in AZ for the winter but Tyler and Michael were so easy to deal with that we did most of the up-front work via e-mail and phone.  Tyler was very patient with my evolving requirements and never ending questions. The day came a week ago and the crew arrived on time and ready to work. Despite a few unforeseen challenges, including having to relocate the new water heater as it wouldn't fit in the original space,  the job was done professionally, on time, and on budget. We even had them replace our toilets with great new Toto units!  I would highly recommend than to anyone needing repair or replacement of plumbing or HVAC. Their work is great and their prices are reasonable.
5 Called Proskill hoping for a water softener repair but unfortunately it was not repairable.  Chance and Harlin were extremely professional, respectful and courteous.  They explained everything including showing us what was wrong with our old unit.  We are more than comfortable referring them into your home as well.  I know that is who we will call when the next thing needs repair or replacement.
