5 I hired Kent Lee to review and update my resume and I couldn't be happier with his professionalism, personal touch and customer service.  He is a whiz at taking your experience and rolling it up into an attractive package for prospective job positions.  He took the time to really understand what I was trying to achieve in my career and tailor my resume as opposed to be a cookie cutter template that he just filled in with my past jobs.  I would highly recommend his services to anyone who is looking for a career change or looking to update their current resume to stay current in a competitive job market.
5 I hired Kent Lee to update my resume because I was ready to make a career change... all i can say is WOW!!! Kent is such a great guy, He is easy to connect with and knows just the right questions to ask you to bring out your best attributes during the interview process. I am so happy with the final product and my resume came out better than i could of ever dreamed of! Kent not only gives you a fresh new resume but he also gives you a fresh new outlook on yourself!! Thank you Kent!!
5 I'm a recent college graduate and was lost in the world of careers. I met with this company and Kent was so attentive to my personal needs. I felt he genuinely cared that I have the best resume to go after the jobs I desire and he really helped guide me through the process. He even helped learn to network online to increase my employment chances. I couldn't be happier with the results and would definitely recommend using this company.
5 This company is fantastic!  I was hired for the first job I applied for with the resume they wrote me!! If you're lost and need help with writing your resume, interview skills, or even salary negotiation skills look no further!!
5 I could not be happier with Kent Lee, and the service he offered me. I am a young marketing professional finishing up college with many years of experience, however, my resume lacked the ability to display that well. Once Kent sent me my new resume and cover letter I sent it to a few employers, and less than 12 hours later I had an interview. Now, I just have to sell myself! THANK YOU SO MUCH! :) He definitely goes above and beyond! :)
5 With so many resume services out there, it's very hard to choose a company that you will be very happy with their results and services.  Fortunately, I received a recommendation for Kent and his company, from a recruiter I have known for some time.  Kent's format was very easy to use.  His company offers various services at great prices(I usually compare companies no matter what I am investing in), the turn around time was very quick, and I am very happy with the end results of my updated resume, my update Linked In, and cover letter template.   I will spread the word about Kent and his team to anyone that asks and recommend his services. I am a believer in investing top notch quality in a resume and certain social media, especially since you have just seconds to rely on your resume to differentiate yourself from your competition. Kent will help you achieve that.
2 What professional business person confirms an appointment (by phone) 3 hours prior to a face to face meeting and then minutes before, sends an EMAIL saying that they had to rescheduled for WAY LATER IN THE DAY?!?!  Reason for the unprofessional behavior? "Stuck at a car dealership". Super glad you could waste an hour of someone else's time and 60 miles round trip of their gas and mileage to dick them around because you were screwing around with your car... If you have an 11 am appointment, one would think you would be at your office no later than 10?   Very unprofessional.
5 As a recent college graduate, I now find myself seeking a career related to my degree. With little work experience I was having difficulty creating a resume that stand out to recruiters. I decided to seek professional help and contacted Kent Lee with his services. He did a fantastic job with creating a resume that reflected how my studies have prepared me for career in the health care field. Kent contacted multiple times in an engaging manner and from there created a wonderful resume. I am happy with the resume I received and have had multiple employers contacting me for jobs. I would recombined this service to anyone who needs help with their resume. I am happy with the results I received from this service.
