4 This place is great at any time of the day, when you need to grab something out and about. It's only just opened too, so if you're sick of going to the same café all the time then you should give this one a go.  There's no denying that there are far too many sandwich/wrap/panini-esque places to choose from in this part of Edinburgh, but the reason I like this one so much is because of the huge variety of fillings. And they're all really fresh rather than a lot of those bought-in sandwich fillers that so many places use. Also, they make all their smoothies from scratch too, with proper chunks of fresh fruit... the mango/banana/pineapple yogurt smoothie comes highly recommended!  It's really cheap too. A sandwich with any of their filling combinations (smoked salmon and cream cheese is always a winner, but the chikcen piri piri is also realy good!) will set you back as little as £2.35!   You can't really go wrong at that price!
4 It doesn't look much from the exterior, and the fact that the tables were all covered in the detritus from previous customers ensured that as my panini was grilling away I feared the worst, but I'm glad to say I left Brunch pretty satisfied.  It's not the most atmospheric of lunchspots, feeling a little thrown together if anything, and don't expect anything on the menu that you haven't seen 100 times before. However, the fresh tasting, well stuffed and crispy panini I got my grubby mitts on highlights that Brunch know how to deliver the goods where it counts.  £3.50 for a chicken peri-peri panini with jalapenos seemed pretty reasonable to me as well, I just hope they clean the tables next time, rather than take the en masse fag break I witnessed.
4 Brunch is a fairly inoffensive cafe to dine in if you're looking for a quick lunchtime bite. It isn't the largest so can quickly become rather overcrowded but to be honest, everywhere is the same at lunchtime. It's in a good location and the prices are very reasonable too.   They offer teas, coffees, a good selection of rolls, sandwiches and bagels and the cake section isn't too bad either.   The best thing about Brunch are the big comfy armchairs and once you've been sat for five minutes, you won't feel like getting up.
4 Brunch is a pretty decent cafe to eat at. Situated just across the road from the main University campus, George Square, Brunch is a really convenient place for students to go for a snack or for lunch. It is also just a short walk from the city centre and so it is an easy place to reach.   Brunch is a sandwich and coffee shop and makes their own sandwiches fresh everyday. They also serve bagels, pastries, and home made cakes. I love to come into Brunch and get their home made brownie as it is always really fluffy and moist with big chunks of chocolate - yum! Brunch serves a whole range of different teas and coffees which you are able to sit in or take away. They make smoothies too which are really gorgeous and fresh, and priced pretty reasonably at about four pounds.   Brunch has a decent sized seating area inside, with lovely comfy couches and armchairs which are always very inviting! A lovely place to go for lunch or for an afternoon snack.
4 Brunch is a great cafe on South Bridge which offers a tasty a filling lunch for a more than reasonable price.  I've been here a few times since it opened just recently and I've never left disappointed.  The staff are always friendly and know exactly where everthing on the menu has come from.  The highlght of Brunch has to be their fresh and large range of sandwich fillings.  Further, their bread is always delicious and soft.  I usually go for a baguette with chicken mayonnaise and salad which only costs about £2.50.  They're certainly not stingy with their portion sizes and a sandwich from here is more than sufficient for tasty and filling lunch.
