3 Standing outside this place I was a little confused. The name Espresso Mondo makes me think its a coffee shop. Then on the window it says Tapas, so its Spanish? Then on the next window it says Wine. Then there is a big poster of a fry up. Huh? So what is this place? Some sort of Spanish coffee, greasy spoon pub? I was slightly put off but eventually went in for lunch one day.  The menu consisted of bagels, paninis, wraps and salads. The usual lunch time treats. They serve Tapas after 4pm. I am still a little confused about the Tapas as it doesn't fit in at all but I guess I should try it before I judge. I had a chickeny, cheesey bagel thing which was quite nice and large. It had tortilla chips on the side with some sort of brown stuff on it? I'm not quite sure what it was, but it didn't taste horrendous so I ate it. The price was surprisingly reasonable, at just under a fiver for the food.   I wasn't overly impressed by this place so probably won't hurry back.  It gets quite busy at lunchtime with business people and ladies who lunch, so it does something right.
4 I always like Espresso Mondo, it consistently serves good coffee and it's location is quite convenient as it's between my walk from Princes Street and Bruntsfield.  The layout is modern and the large windows mean great opportunities for people watching. The service is always top notch, friendly staff and efficient serving. The tea selection is quite good (it's not loose tea but still has some interesting choices) and I do like their coffee quite a bit.  Great for a caffeine kick before heading to the cinema up the street.
4 Espresso Mondo is a great place to go for a cheeky little coffee or a snack. Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Espresso Mondo is just a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach.   The inside of the cafe is really tastefully decorated, with paintings from local artists, and this along with the chilled out music playing in the background, gives the place a great atmosphere inside. The cafe always has an amazing smell inside of ground coffee beans -mmm!   Espresso Mondo offers a really good food menu, with meals including wraps, panini's, salads and nachos - most of which are priced under £5. The portion sizes are really decent and the food tastes delicious, especially the nachos, so it is definitely good value for money. Espresso Mondo also serve a wide selection of different coffee/tea drinks, which are much better priced than the Starbucks on the other side of the road! The one downside which I find with this place is that the service can be pretty slow, even if there are hardly any customers in the cafe, which is frustrating.   Other than that, Espresso Mondo is a great place to go if you want to buck the trend and go to a local coffee house, instead of going to one of the many Costa's or Starbuck's which seem to be on every street corner.
3 This cafe is the ideal place to go on Lothian Road, before or after going to any of the cinemas around that area (Filmhouse, Odeon, Cameo). It serves great wine and has good beer on tap. The coffee is Illy, properly Italian, and to die for.   During the day it's a great place to go to read a book, but during the nighttime it has more of a bar-like feel to it. I.e it adapts to the time of day. It's far smarter than going to Cafe Nero or Starbucks and the food is tasty and cheap. It doesn't feel like a space you can spend a whole evening, but it's good to go to for a an hour or so. It's like limbo, but in a good way.   Within the area, you can either go to a chain cafe or a posh cafe, and this is pretty much the perfect in between.
3 Esspresso Mondo is wonderfully inoffensive - it's perhaps the most average place in the whole of town, yet I've been back numerous times...  Largely focussing on coffee shop fare (cakes, bisctuis, hot drinks etc) Mondo is at it's finest when it;s not trying too hard - there's some nice couches to crash on (if they're not reserved), the staff are friendly enough and the drinks themselves largely hit the mark.  I've only eaten at Mondo once and the food I had was average at best; but then again I didn't expect much more than that anyway so I wasn't all too disappointed. The price reflects the quality of the food so you can expect a panini or sandwich to weigh in somewhere just under a fiver.  It's hard to find much more to say - if you're up in the Tollcross area and fancy a coffee at somewhere that isn't Startbucks or Costa then you could do a lot worse - saying that though I'm sure somewhere round the corner there's probably somewhere better...
3 What is espresso mondo? Is it a café? The espresso in the name would lead you to believe so. Or is it a bar? The boozy bottles behind the counter surprised me. I've often walked by many times, and wondered.  I popped in for a work meeting and just had a cup of peppermint tea. So I couldn't comment on the booze or coffee unfortunately. It's a large space inside with both tables, couches and comfy chairs. All round quite nice. Lots of different types of alcohol behind the bar. Very friendly staff who certainly delivered my one pot of tea with a smile.  The only thing is it feels a little worn. Not in an awful way, but it just seems to lack any distinctive characteristic or selling point. It's kind of a café bar but excelling in neither.   I can certainly tell in winter the comfy couches and constant coffee will be appealing and I'll certainly update my review after a few more visits. But for now it seems totally A-Ok in my books.
3 I came back here, after my first visit and review last year. And it's still a completely middle of the road 3 stars. But visiting the Yelp page again and reading Chris M's review made me realise it perhaps is the happier end of 3 stars.  "Wonderfully inoffensive" is perhaps a good way to put it (thanks Mr M!) Like that nice boy you dated for a semester in 2nd year at Uni, who was a bit meek but quite sweet. He'd remember your favourite type of cookie, and bring it to you on that day you forgot your assignment and it was due day. Sweet. But then didn't really have much chat and you were never that keen on seeing him more than once a week. Yeah, that one. Nothing wrong per se, but nothing right.  Perfectly fine (is that an oxymoron?) I think the reason I warmed to it a little is it was 8pm on a Tuesday, it was pouring rain, me and my friend wanted somewhere to continue chatting after eating at Pho Vietnam (a teeny tiny restaurant where they needed the table, and it was so delicious we were happy to oblige) but didn't want a drink. All the other chains were closed, but Mondo was open till 9. And with it's big comfy sofas, slightly worn but all the comfier for it, and outdated decorating we didn't have any qualms rocking up here in yesterday's jeans, lounging out and nursing a cup of peppermint tea for an hour.  So when you're having a perfectly fine evening and are looking for a one-hour layover before home, Espresso Mondo serves a purpose. In a street of 5 star restaurants, gastropubs and then 1 star chains, you need the middle man and the reliable, if slightly unexciting, 3 star independent. So, keep up the average work Espresso Mondo -I probably will be back.
3 Here's a funny thing about Espresso Mondo: there's nothing essentially wrong with it. If you are looking for a comfy seat and a cup of tea or coffee, it is perfectly fine. But if you want something more substantial or interesting, it might be best to walk on to some of the more classy or creative cafes in the area (Loudons on Fountainbridge or even, frankly, Starbucks have more character).  Me and my friend had tea plus a cake. My muffin tasted a little like it might have been supermarket bought and my friend's Rocky Road was so hard that it was almost inedible. I seriously feared for her teeth!  One thing in it's favour though is that Espresso Mondo stays open quite late so if you are out at night and decide you'd like a cuppa or hot chocolate instead of alcohol in a noisy bar, it does actually offer a good alternative.  The tables are a bit basic but I have to say the big couches are wonderfully soft and relaxing.  So, some good points but some average-to-bad points that keep it in the "just ok" bracket.
3 Perfectly fine coffee shop, conveniently located on Lothian Road. I always feel that Espresso Mondo looks a bit tired around the edges, but on my visit Saturday past it wasn't looking quite so rough.   Comfy couches at the back of the coffee shop are worth investigation - a good place for catching up with friends with a cuppa or coffee.
1 A real shame. This used to be such a great place, with a nice menu of pasta dishes and sandwiches. The place seems to have changed hands though, as the once homely menu has been replaced with a much smaller one-page selection, and the quality of the food has gone right downhill. I had a chicken, prosciutto and goat's cheese burger, which was basically a chicken burger on a dry bun without the prosciutto or goat's cheese. My friend had haggis nachos which were extremely dry. Sticky tables and disinterested staff too. Very disappointed in a place we used to love eating at.  Also a bit miffed that Yelp has filtered this review out, as it's a genuine review from a very disappointed couple of customers! We'd love to see the café return to its former quality - until then, I'm afraid it really is just a one star establishment for us.
3 Good coffee, fair food. I found a hair in my haggis patty. The folks were overwhelmed by the numbers of customers during the festival, but kept their senses of humor amidst the panic. Nice, funky, homey atmosphere.
4 Yelp----- Espresso Mondo   New girls taken over the cafe!! Table service now  and lots of festive deals!    Think I've be said loads, just have a loooook at all my photos. I'm sitting by the heater. It is rainy and cold outside and gorgeous in here.   Free wifi!!!  Appetising food. I've been seeing it float past. Might come here before going to concerts  Usher Hall instead of my usual Filmhouse.    Yelp-safari lounge.   Eye of the tiger.
