3 This is a really cute bookshop in a lovely area of Edinburgh. It's the sort of place you spend your Sunday afternoons in. When I was in the shop I was somewhat dissapointed as it was nothing special. They had a great range of books, quirky and fun cult-novels as well as classics and factual books. It's a lovely place to be, but again, nothing particularly special.  However, upon visiting their website I see a different side to the bookshop. They have a book of the week and regular book groups you can join. I wish I had known this when I was in the shop as I would have been very interested!  I never thought I would say this, but I think I prefer the website to the shop - it has more life!
4 I've got to say, I agree with Emily entirely on how I misjudged this bookstore. When I had a wee gander round its stock the other day, I had it pegged as being cute, but nothing outstanding. I enjoy cult classics, popular fiction and noticed it had a healthy diet of classics for the keen learner, but I didn't think it had an edge behind its shiny facade.  After doing a bit of independent research, I see I was too quick to pin a label on it. If you look on their website, not only do the team of staff showcase a "book of the week", but they also host bookgroups in their store! Giving local learners a chance to meet and greet over a shared passion, they run nights with a Scottish literary basis, but also cover classics and popular books of the moment. All this while keeping up with their own blogs, which injects a bit of personality into the store's set up.  They should definitely post more up inside their shop indicating they host such evenings, it's a great resource for all the Edinburgh book buffs!
4 Having studied English literature as a side-course for two year I was keen to find a cheap and local bookshop which stocked the course's set texts.  When I found The Edinburgh Bookshop online I thought I had found one such shop and eagerly strode to Bruntsfield in search of the 'student discount' advertised.  The shop is quaint and feels light and clean inside as well as being run a friendly married couple.  It is well stocked with pretty high brow books which are all in excellent condition. My only criticism is that the books are all quite expensive, and whilst there is a 10% discount for students it would be a pretty pricey place to get books from regularly.  I spent about £15 on two books which, to be fair, were authoritative versions. In favour of The Edinburgh Bookshop, however, its website posts a 'book of the week' and there is also a weekly reading group which meets in the shop itself.  As a business it certainly deserves respect for helping to create a community for Edinburgh's burgeoning readers.
4 What a gorgeous little shop! Walking past The Edinburgh Bookshop I was very confused with the presence of a dressed mannequin in the window as it gave the impression that it was a clothing store. So this compelled me to go in!   I am still not sure why there is a dress in the window of this shop but it doesn't matter because the store is great.  The Edinburgh Bookshop is an independent bookstore in the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh. They store a wide and eclectic mix of books ranging from classics, to non-fiction to the latest chick-lit.   They do weekly book groups where they discuss a different book and you are able to monitor what they reading on their website. It costs £5 to take part in the book groups, but you get wine and nibbles at the event which makes up for it!   The staff in the store are very friendly and knowledgeable about which books they stock and are more than happy to order in a book for you if it is not available in their shop. The Edinburgh Bookshop is a lovely little store and is a great alternative to the high street commercial bookshops
5 Opened in Autumn 2009, The Edinburgh Bookshop is a lovely independent bookshop owned and run by publishers and book lovers Vanessa and Malcolm Robertson. The sister store to The Children's Bookshop, its a well designed space with bits of art dotted between warm, wooden shelves and tables.   As for the stock, we're talking a small but promising selection of new fiction, classic fiction, cult fiction, womens fiction, African-American fiction, European fiction and of course, Scottish fiction. The thing that made me want to go back however, was the friendly staff and welcoming environment. I spent 20 minutes looking at new titles and felt no pressure to buy any of them or make small talk with the shop assistant.   When my birthday rolls around however, I'll be going back with a list and my Strand tote bag.
5 The thing with a bookstore is that they have to do a lot to compete with the likes of Amazon.  Unfair?  Maybe, but true.  It's just so easy to order online, and you know that you'll be able to find what you're looking for.  When you go into a bookstore, you risk them either not carrying or being out of what you want.  BUT - when you buy online, you miss out.  Have you ever wandered into a bookstore for one thing and come out with an arm-full?  I do that, a lot.  I can't help myself.  Books I've never head of are cleverly displayed which makes me pick them up and read the jacket and realise that it sounds fabulous, so I buy and subsequently love it.  Now that's an experience you wouldn't have online.  Anyway... the Edinburgh Bookshop manages to serve up the benefits of going to an actual bookstore (paired with incredibly lovely, helpful, and impressively knowledgeable staff - bonus!) with the convenience of shopping online.  By that I mean that they will happily order anything you like.  And, if they can't get it for any reason, they'll let you know how and where you can order it yourself.    Seeing as it's located directly next to my bus stop, this makes it *more* convenient, and certainly more enjoyable than shopping online.  I'm definitely a convert.
