5 Usually limiting the notion of Indian breakfasts to the remnants of the previous nights takeaway, I was pleasantly surprised by Iman's exotic delights. Admittedly, I had a little trouble interpreting the owners Indian accent and took the safe bet of ordering the breakfast special: Ghana Puri & Halwa (see picture).  Arriving on a shiny metallic platter complete with a pot of Ghana (a kind of spicy chickpea dahl), Halwa (a bizarre sweet tasting puree, flavour unknown to me...) and some moreish Puri (a kind of lightly fried flour tortilla) it seemed I was in for a feast. Rich, spicy, and flavoursome I found this dish a great way to start the day and at £2.95 and it's cheap enough too.  In typical Brit fashion I was left with a chilli heat induced sweat on my brow and a yearning for a cold beer. Nonetheless, I'll be back for more.
4 I hadn't been down here in a while and all of a sudden I came across this new kid- and what a pleasant meeting it was! It's sort of an Indian bakery that caters for breakfasts and lunches. Delicious treats and exotic meals await you here. I tried their version of Halwa (we won't get into here about who made it first etc) and it was sickly sweet just like it should be. At affordable prices this shop became the highlight of my Saturday wander.  Would most definitely come here again.
4 Imans takeaway offer a delightful range of foods that I at least have not tried before.  The food on offer is reasonably priced, yet even if this were not the case you would still treat yourself to food from here every now and then.  As it is you can regularly treat yourself to the culinary delights on offer here.  The location of this shop enhances your likelihood of a visit as although the area offers many opportunities for bacon rolls, this is one of a kind for the area.  My main recommendation would be to try something new every time you come as there is a great range on offer here all at good prices.
5 I've never eaten a full meal here, I only come in for all the different types of indian sweets (which I'm not going to try and spell!). My mumu spent part of her childhood in India, so I remember being introduced to these AMAZING sweets at an early age.  And this place is by far the best place I've found in Edinburgh to stock up on all things Punjabi and sugary. With the wall-to-wall counter stocked with all sorts of amazing sights and smells, if you're out and about in this part of Tollcross and fancy afternoon tea with a difference, you shoud get yourself in here.  My personal favourite is the Kulfi. Ok, so it's made with evaporated milk, double cream AND condensed milk, but it'll be worth the hours you'll be spending in the gym afterwards - I promise. So far I've tried the pistachio and plain flavour, and the mango is next on my list.  They're about to open up another branch on Nicolson Street, which is just along from my flat. Very excited...!
4 BYOB is always a winner in my eyes- it means an extra course of food AND a lovely drink!  A friend hosted 20 people at this restaurant and I was impressed by the fact that they managed to bring all our orders at the same time- it did take quite awhile but bearing in mind that we are talking about 19 completely different orders I thought that was impressive. Their poppadoms were scrumptious as well and the staff very friendly.   Their menu is extensive- perhaps too extensive, with house specialities, family specialities, regional specialities and a lot of choice (even a small section for British food should you happen to decide upon entering this Indian food establishment that you don't want Indian food but would rather opt for fish and chips). Portions are OK- the best value would most certainly be the Half tandoori chicken, but I was impressed by all the dishes I sampled- names I have promptly forgot after my third glass of vino.   A great place to get your Indian food kick in the area.
4 My favourite in Edinburgh.  Food is mostly the usual curry house fare but all done well. Inexpensive when you consider the quality Staff friendly and service good.  BYOB a huge bonus
4 Really great food and fantastic service.  I suggest you experiment a little and try something new. Everything we had was delicious. It's BYOB, so don't forget to bring your own wine or beer.
4 My first trip here was for an office Xmas night out and it surpassed my expectations!! We were loking for a BYOB Indian and so decided it was worth a try based on some good reviews.. There were 30 of us in total ans it's xmas party season so I guess I was prepared for things to be a little chaotic but was pleasantly surprised when there was a number of staff ready and waiting for us! We had been placed in the back room which on the plus side is private so we could be ourselves and not have to worry too much about who's next to you... My only complaint was that it was probably a bit too small for us and we did feel a bit crammed in - however that seemed quickly forgotten when the staff arrived with plates of poppadoms and dips and of course plenty corkscrews to assist us in opening wine!!   We had the 3 course festive menu at £17.50 per head and I'm still struggling to figure out how they managed to make a profit from it.. The deal included poppadoms n dips, the restaurant then provided everyone with a rather generous plate of starters including, pakora, samosas and bhajis each with a small side salad - each item was a good size and everyone managed to clear their plates - Good Start! Being gluten free I made them aware and was treated to my very own selection of gf starters including chicken tikka, lamb skewers and bombay potatoes - fantastic! For main everyone was asked to choose what they wanted from the a la carte menu (nothing was out of bounds and there was a fantastic range of chicken, lamb and seafood dishes!) I opted for one of mum's home cooked specials (Desi Saag Chicken) which was really tasty and spicy but not overly so... this was accompanied by as much white and brown rice and naan breads as we could eat (and boy did we give them a run for their money but it just kept coming!!) Dessert was ice cream, but with their very own ice cream shop next door and 24 flavours (turkish delight seemed popular) we were not disappointed!!   Throughout the meal the staff were really friendly struck a good balance of being there when you need them but lft us to enjoy our evening, even when the singing started towards the end they were fantastic!! It made for a fantastic work night out and evryone was ravving about it at work after with many (including me) definately planning a return visit!!
5 BYOB & proper Punjabi food, great service. Reasonable prices for really good food, on par with home cooked Punjabi food. Atmosphere was lively, lots of large groups.   The loo's need attention & I'm not sure about the decor but I'd certainly visit again for starters & mains.
