4 Edinburgh is a beautiful city racked with history. As a result, there are 4 or 5 different bus companies all with different routes for tourists to see the city.  Living in Edinburgh, I have to admit I find these busses really frustrating at times, but they are always popular. The City Sightseeing busses are always the busiest and to be honest they have the better route. Tickets can range from £6 for kids and £12 for adults, but there are always discounts available from tourist guides and tickets for the castle etc.  The bus comes with a sound-track that you can listen to with headphones and offers an excellent way to learn all about the city. If you're visiting the city for the first time, this is definitely the first thing you should do.
4 When my friend from home visited , we decided to be all proper tourists and take this sightseeing tour bus .This was further decided upon the fact that neither of us have much stamina for long walks and she was here for only a couple of days and really just wanted a whizz around the City Highlights.  And this tour provided just that. Its open top make it great to enjoy the chilly sunshine, although I can't imagine it being used at all the rest of the 10 months of rain. It takes you to all the highlights of the City including the controversial Parliament and Holyrood park. It's also a tour so you get to actually hear whatever building it is your are looking at accompanied with some fun and entertaining facts.   What makes this bus tour great is that you get to hope on and off at numerous stops around and your ticket lasts for 24 hours so you can take your time if you wish to have a proper look around.   Quite a good tour if you have a limited amount of time and want to have a quick introduction to Edinburgh.
4 Showing the Grandparents around town can be a dreary affair. In need of inspiration and unsure how to introduce the sights of Edinburgh I devised a cunning plan: put them on the tour bus and sneak off for a pint...perfect!  At the critical point, my plan was foiled. I subsequently stayed on the bus and to my eventual surprise I enjoyed the bus tour. City Sightseeing Tours offer a number of different buses, I chose the red bus. This seems to be the standard package and takes you to the likes of Holyrood Palace, Grassmarket, and The Scottish Parliament.  The on board commentary is informative with the usual splash of humour. Plus it can be used as 'hop on hop off' bus for the day, included in the £12 (adult) ticket cost.   Overall, an enjoyable experience and one that left my grandparents chuffed and myself in the good books.
2 One of Edinburgh's main selling point to tourists is that the vast majority of it's tourist attractions are within walking distance of each other. A second selling point is that the walk between these tourist attractions is usually very nice, and free..  So why then, would one pay over a tenner to be ferried around on a gawdy peasant wagon, driving past all the points of interest, when it would be far more enjoyable just to walk to them and revel in their splendour at your own leisurely pace?  Pointless!
4 Hop on board the city sightseeing tour if you're looking to see the top sights in Edinburgh. Tickets last for two consecutive days and tickets are £12 (£11). You can hop and off whenever you like and hop back on for the next stop. With your ticket you also get additional discounts of various other tours including; Edinburgh Dungeon, Auld Reekie Tours and Edinburgh Zoo.  Highlights on the Sightseeing Tour include;  -Edinburgh Castle -Grassmarket -Royal Mile -Palace of Holyroodhouse -House of Parliament
2 Having ridden the same bright red bus in Bath and enjoyed it, I figured that trying the same in Edinburgh would be a useful introduction to the city and would give me the lay of the land for further detailed excursions.  The City Sightseeing Bus Tour starts from Waverley Bridge (though you can purchase your ticket at any of their stops) and makes a dozen stops throughout the city. As you're driven about through the traffic, you plug your earphones (a plastic sealed fresh pair for every visitor) into the jack and are told facts and things are pointed out by the recorded voice. Other than English, they have other languages available plus there is a captioned television screen inside the bus for those who are hard of hearing.  Lots of the information is very interesting and useful, but Edinburgh is such a big city that it's hard to get into much depth on just 12 stops. I left the bus feeling a little rushed and felt that at least this time, it wasn't worth it.  Perhaps it was my mood - loads of people seem to ride this bus or any of their competitors.
4 If it weren't for the fact that my headphones only worked intermittently, I'd have given this 5 stars.  When I came up here for the uni open day 5 years ago with my mum we had time to kill t the end of the afternoon before our train. Whilst all the other eager 17 year olds and their parents were sampling the campus cafés and buying University memorabilia tat from the Potterrow shop, my mum and I decided to make the most of the sunshine and get to see the city at the same time.  Granted, the number of days here when it's warm and dry enough to sit on the upper deck of an open top bus isn't exactly huge, but if you're lucky enough to get the opportunity you should definitely do it. The route goes gfrom Waverley Bdige, and goes all through the Old Town, the Grassmarket, The West End and the New Town including Calton Hill, and was really informative.  In fact, even if you're not a tourist, I reckon there are still things about the city that you don't know.   Apart from anything else, being a 'hop on, hop off' service it means you can effectively get a day's unlimited transport all over the city centre. Whilst there are loadsof different companies departing from Waverley Bridge, I'd definitely recommend this one.
3 I reluctantly came on here with my grandparents when we came here, reluctantly because I had seen all the sites countless times before, but I had to because my grandparents were kind enough to come all the way up here and see me.  However, the city of Edinburgh is small enough to enjoy on foot rather than by bus, but as my Grandad is not very good at walking these days, it would be too much of him to take in the whole city walking at snails pace, so in this respect, the bus tour was great for him as he wouldn't have been able to see all that he did otherwise.  For everyone else, I would say that if you want to take in the city, the tours don't really represent value for money, you get a far better prospective of the city without being on a bus. I would get a guide book and a map and explore the city the good old fashioned way, any you may walk into a few hidden gems whilst doing it!
4 I am usually not a sightseeing bus fan.  But there is no better way to get to know a city than to hop on one of these buses and take it around town.  Sure . . it's a little touristy but if you know how to do it- you find find it pays for itself over and over again.  A couple of things to note.  There are actually 5 different bus tours that you can take all owned by this same company at this address.  You can purchase the tickets from any driver or on the Waverly Street Bridge.  Avoid standing in the line for the kiosk and look for the guys with the orange shirts who can get you tickets right away or order them in advance on line.  The best deal?  If you are going to be in town for a few days- buy the Royal Edinburgh ticket.  Oh sure- it's more expensive than the others (Adult  £43 )- but not only does it give you entry into three of the most popular attractions (Edinburgh castle, the Royal Yacht Britannia and the Palace of Holyrood House) but it also allows you to hop on and off any of the 5 bus lines that they operate for two full days.  I used this as my main transportation around town as the buses run every 15 minutes and go everywhere.  The easiest way to see where they all go is to pick up the blue brochure which lists all of the various lines and then plan your day.  Some of the buses have earphones to learn about the sights (here's another tip- hang on to your earphones as they plug into the jacks at Holyrood House so there is no need to hold the receiver up to your ear for the hour long tour) and the Edinburgh line has a live tour guide.  Some of the buses are open air on the top deck which is a fun way to see the city on a sunny day!  Also- if you tour the Brittania- know that you need to enter the large shopping mall, go up to the second level and then all the way down to the end to gain access to the ship.  It's not well marked and you may find yourself wandering the mall at the cruise terminal looking for where to go.  Friendly staff who are proud of their city and convenient lines (even on the altered routes caused by the tramway construction) make this a great buy when in Edinburgh.  Who knows?  You might even learn a thing or two along the way!
5 We choose just the Edinburgh City bus tour, but it was just what we needed. We started out upstairs (roof partially covered cuz of the weather at that point), but would've maybe enjoyed being downstairs more (the upstairs seats tend to allow you to 'slip' forward) but they are probably great for when the weather turns - they won't be ruined in the wet. Loved our first guide - at one point he actually went downstairs and asked the people to quiet down (they were louder than he was on the loudspeaker!) and that impressed me. We took the tour completely around once, just to check it out. Then we rode back around to Holyrood Palace and got off to tour there. Later got back on (just an easy wave at the driver) and took the bus back around and got off on the Royal Mile. Tickets are good for 24 hours and ours had some kind of coupon for Hard Rock Cafe (I think), but didn't go to Edinburgh to do a Hard Rock, so ignored those. Each guide was different in his/her stories, so that was a plus. Well worth the money.
4 First time doing a sightseeing bus tour but it was very informative and fun, especially if you listen to the kids' Horrible Histories channel! We took the red tour around the old town and had a great time, although to really get the best vslue you should probably hop off at every point of interest as your tickets are valid for 24 hours from time of purchase.
