4 Great place for a nice meal , food is generally very good quality but can be a bit slow at times but given it's location can't complain. Can get very busy with people waiting on tables to be vacated but overal great food , only flaw was no draught lager when i was there. Has good lunchtime deals on meals.
3 Bella Italia is a chain Italian restaurant with various locations around Edinburgh.  This one on North Bridge seems to always be packed, I guess it attracts the tourists. The restaurant itself is nice enough while attempting to maintain authenticity. The staff are usually nice but the service can be a little slow due to how busy it is. But everything just seems a little bland and boring, as it is just another chain restaurant. It lacks the charm that those authentic little Italian restaurants have. The menu offers your standard Italian food, and if you look online you can usually find money off vouchers. Hence my reason for ever going. I usually end up getting a panini or burger, I know that isn't exactly Italian but looking at my dining partners pasta I have never been too impressed. And I like chips.   I will say that their "Godfather" dessert is pretty good. I am a sucker for fatty, chocolatey, ice-creamy desserts that come in big bowls and that does just that.   I would probably give this place a miss and head to one of the more authentic Italian restaurants because the food will be miles better.
3 I've already reviewed another branch of Bella Italia, and while I'm loath to reference a previous review in my musings on this branch, it's perhaps quite telling about Bella Italia as a whole that I really can't think of anything else they do worth commenting on.  Decent but dreary Italian food "jus like-a mamma use-da make eh", assuming your mamma is a 20 stone welder from Pilton, you know exactly what to expect from here.  What you won't expect though, is penne with duck, spring onions and plum sauce. I'm assured it's fantastic, but I've never been brave enough to try the most bizarre food combination I've seen since Asda did Ninja Turtles branded chocloate and marshmallow pizza.
3 Bella Italia is a series of Italian restaurants which are open up and down the country.  This one is situated on the Royal Mile and so is certainly targetting the tourists.  As a result, none of it is particularly cheap and most mains cost £10 or more, especially if you go for the seafood.   I came here with some friends a few months ago.  Although the food was good, you can definitely find better in the locality for far cheaper.  The menu has a good range of authentic Italian dishes and I went for the penne with chicken in a roasted pepper and wine sauce.   Our food took a while to arrive, but when it did it was served in decent portions and tasted pretty good. Bella Itali has some nice food on offer, but you'll probably go away expecting more for your money.
4 Came here for lunch. The pasta dishes were done perfectly and their special ricci pasta, made specially for the restaurant, was the perfect pasta to pick up and hold all the wonderful flavors in the sauces!  Service was good. Interior was bistro looking. Nice!
3 Got a great deal for a 3course meal for a reasonable amount. Quick service and tasty food.
1 Oh no, no, no.  THAT is not how Italian food is done. How would I know? Oh, I don't know, perhaps my many years of holidaying in Italy itself for months on end, perhaps my many, many Italian friends who have taught me over the years how to make a proper pasta, perhaps the fact that I have functioning taste-buds. Something which the kitchen-staff here seems to be lacking.  The service: we ordered, and the waiter was rude to the point of snatching, not taking the menus away from us. When out choices arrived and he tried to get the attention of one of our friends to alert her that her dish had arrived, he yelled, -no really he YELLED- "OI CALZONE!" at her. Conversation stopped dead, we all stared. The tables next to us stared. Rudest waiter experience I've ever had, in my life. And I've been to Paris multiple times so that's saying quite a lot. For the duration of the night he was extremely embarrassed, but suffice to say that we didn't leave a tip.  The food: ugh. Ugh, ugh, ugh. When you look at the food and think: "Should've gone to Domino's.." you know it's bad. I had the Calimari, ... I think? It tasted like deep-fried breadcrumbs with croutons inside of them instead of calimari. Next to it was a greasy, uninspired, over-salted sauce which should've come with fish 'n chips instead of a dainty starter.   And the thing that pisses me off the most is that I paid 5.85 for the privilege of getting my taste buds assaulted, yelled at by a waiter, and ogled by the rest of the (male) staff in a manner which was so insulting, I'll not repeat it here.  Oh, and did I mention that our jug of water contained half a chopped at lemon (you know the one you find behind at the back of your fridge, all dried up, that one) AND a piece of wax. Yes, there was a large piece of candle-wax in my glass of water.  Jum.  Steer clear, do NOT come here!
2 Classic Italian chain food. Not great, in fact pretty tasteless and overpriced, but it comes with super snappy service. Seriously, at 2 stars on the royal mile this might in fact be one of your best bets. But if you're feeling smart, get in a cab and head as far away from here as you can. Head to Newington Rd, Dalkeith Rd, Brougham St, and you'll find great places to eat.   Start walking away.
4 Had a delightful end of day meal here following site seeing in Central Edinburgh-glad we found it on yelp! Great salmon salad & yummy bread-calimare was worth the order too!
4 We stumbled upon Bella Italia after emerging from the underground ghost tour! It was 10:30pm and we were starving and this seemed to be the closest place on the Royal Mile that was still open! It fit all of our criteria so in we went for it. We had not realized that this was a chain, so the food is that more impressive. I can't say that I've dined at many chains and had really delicious food. The menu was pretty extensive, from numerous pasta bowls to the selection of pizza, there was something for everyone and the prices were pretty reasonable, so that was another selling point.  Our waiter was really nice, and made great recommendations, albeit the service was a tad slow. We started off with the Mozzarella Pomodoro which came out crispy and fluffy. I had the Agnello Tagliatelle, which was a heaping bowl of pasta and they didn't go light on the lamb either, the flavors were great, a very rich dish. I was starving and by the end of the meal, it didn't even look like I made a dent in the plate at all!  My husband had the Carne Mista pizza and raved about it being one of the better pizzas he's had in a while. The restaurant was very intimate at that time of night and the people watching was fantastic, it really added some interesting entertainment for the night. There was a taxi stand across the street so it was very easy to get back to our hotel afterwards.  We were pleasantly surprised with our random pick, we were weary that it would be a tourist trap, it probably was, but we really had a great time, it was well past midnight when we left and never once felt rushed despite the hour of the night.
5 Really exceeded expectations, plenty of choice on the menu, upstairs seating, and the quality of the food is a lot better than some other well known Italian food chains I have been to, I would definitely return
