4 This place almost makes me wish I'd been born 50 years earlier, when people got their shopping from their local butcher/pharmacist/fishmonger rather than an international chain.  When you come in here, you'll always get a nod, hello, smile or all of the above, but then you're left to browse for whatever it is you're after without being spied on or made to feel awkward.  It's quite nice when you go in to pick up a pack of strepsils and lemsip, for the flu you invariably get living in Edinburgh over winter, and they actually notice you're ill, and tell you they hope you feel better or recommend a particular flavour of herbal tea they swear by etc etc. It's a bit like buying medicines from your Granny.  The only downside, in fact, is that sometimes because it's quite small there isn't often a huge selection of things to choose from, so sometimes you do need to trudge further up the street to Boots or Tesco. But when I can, I always buy from here.
4 Back home we don't really have chain chemists as Boots is here, it's more a family run business idea. When I first moved to Edinburgh this is what Newington Pharmacy reminded me of, a small run business through the NHS.  It recently got a revamp and looks grand!  It's also increased it's stock and selection of stuff. Sometimes you still can't find the one thing you are looking for, but the chemist there is very sweet and helpful, and it's an ideal corner pharmacy for that lemsip you might need.
4 After a heavy night on the tiles in my first year I caught a bad batch of the flu which was accompanied by earache that was making me writhe.  I headed to Newington Pharmacy and the kind lady directed me to some Lemsip and eardrops.  It came to less than £5 and helped subdue my ailments.   The shop, although not the most fully stocked of chemists, is neatly arranged with the essential cures to most mild aches, pains and illnesses.  I came here last year for a lightweight support bandage when my ankle was giving me some trouble from rugby.  It was equally cheap and did the trick.  Newington Parmacy offers friendly, sympathetic service and a pretty good range of products, making it a viable alternative to the well known pharmaceutical giants on the high street.
4 Pharmacies nowadays remind me of two things - Britains dependance on over priced drugs, and britains dependance of a vast range of contraceptives and hair products.  Newington Pharmacy however lets me find some kind of hope for pharmacies - it seems to be run by the most friendly people in the world, and you will always get a warm welcome and a hgelping hand with almost everything you could need.  This place has everything you could expect or need in a pharmacy, rather like a huuuge first aid box.
3 This pharmacy, located on Clerk Street, has quite a serious atmosphere about it, as thought there were something they specialise in (which I'm yet to discover). It's extremely well kept and  quite bright and shiny compared to the other stores in the vicinity.  You won't find comestics here, but the usual over-the-counter medicines, as well as feminine products and dietary supplements. Price-wise they might be a little bit more expensive than Boots which co-incidentally is just a few minutes down the road. Apart from a slightly calmer atmosphere, I personally don't see the edge this pharmacy has over the bigger chains, as I love variety!
4 Offering a nice alternative to Boots and Superdrug, Newington Pharmacy, has a good range of lotions and potions to make you feel better. I pop in there a few times, because the cold Edinburgh weather mixed with central heating plays havoc with my skin so I end up peeling like Goldmember. They have a few good moisturiser creams that are a nightmare to find anywhere else.   The staff are great as well, they're really knowledgeable and let you know the advantages and possible side effects of each medication. It's not too expensive either and is has a 10% Snapfax deal so what's not to love. It's not massive though so hasn't got a huge range of stuff.
4 Ah, this is one of the things I love about the Yelp app. Until you need certain things, like pharmacies or public toilets, you don't know where they are. And then normally when that need comes along, it's timely and sometimes urgent.  With a two week trip and a need to pick up some general things and one prescription, I find out there's a pharmacy really close by. Hurrah! In I pop.   It's quite small, but well stocked and even has house-hold cleaning products. The staff were all really friendly and efficient. I had previously been getting my repeat prescription from another pharmacy - the very large Boots on Princes St - and found the staff here to always been in a muddle. I'll save it for a seperate review, but it was starting to wear on me and they kept not having things, or messing up my prescription, or waiting times were too long.  At Newington Pharmacy, it was a simple '5 minute wait' and they were happy for me to pop back in 2 hours to get it. Weirdly the shop feels really 'warm and cosy' inside, and very new and clean. More homely. Maybe it's because it was horrible wet and muggy outside.  Anyway. A nice local pharmacy, very friendly staff, well stocked despite its size and super convenient. They do take card payments but it has to be over £5.
