3 Considering that the Nor' Loch caters to commuters who have a long delay for thier train, or are tanking up before getting on a train to somewhere for a stag do - this place isnt bad.  Yes, being in the middle of a train station may seem like it would propose problems for a pub - but actually, this place does very well out of being here. It is always full, being the only pub in the station, it can cater for families (so dont expect it to be a hardcore drinking den), it serves food which isnt bad and its not to shabby looking either.  However, it is on the expensive side and generally always full of stag do's. But really, this place should be worse, but somehow it isnt.
3 Named after a medieval Edinburgh loch that the plague-ridden residents of yesteryear used as a dump for their buckets of shit, piss and vomit,  The Nor' Loch is surprisingly alright for a station pub.  Don't get me wrong, there's nothing good about it, but knowing it was a station pub, I expected it to have all the charm and atmosphere of the stagnant body of filthy sewage water it's named after. It doesn't have much more, admittedly, but wasn't as depressing as I expected it to be.  Usual story, middle of the road beers, a few cheap plonks, and food I wouldn't give to the dog. Just as you expect.
3 Tucked away at the back of the train station, the Nor Loch is a good way to pass some time if you're a bit too early for a train (or in my case, late!)  It doesn't really have a personality, but that's to be expected since its main pull of customers are commuters. As I've said of train station bars before, I quite like the anonymity of sitting in a place like this where you're unlikely to bump into someone you know. You can usuaslly grab a paper and a pint and go undisturbed.  They serve up some pretty standard food and drinks prices are reasonable. It's decked out like an old man bar so it's got a cosy facade. There's not that much behind it but then, there doesn't need to be. If you're wanting somewhere to meet a friend before you catch the last train home, this bar is a perfectly nice venue to do so. They also serve up tea and cake, if you're that way inclined.
2 Overpriced, shabby and a little bit depressed. Good if you are stuck and need a seat, whilst waiting for a hour for your next train, but  wouldn't rush to spend a night here, my wallet nor my dignity couldn't handle it.  On the upside, the lady serving me last night was entirely pleasant.
2 In retrospect, I wish we'd just bought a few cans in the shop and drank them on the train.  It was full of wasted folk who I suspect weren't waiting on trains, was reasonably dingy, and was just generally the kind of place where you drink up quickly because you just want to get away from the clientele.
3 The Nor Loch Bar is situated in the Waverley station, it's not a bad bar, a little on the expensive side but you expect that from the location. When l used to go here years ago you had to ask for the key for the toilet not sure if its still like that now.
3 It's a pub in Edinburgh Waverley. It's fine for what it's meant to be. It has some TVs with Sky News on usually, and some departure boards so you know exactly how fast you have to down your "last pint" before the train home.  The toilets are clean, mainly because the staff have to unlock them for you from the bar - it's either a great idea, or horrible if you're in dire need of them like some folk I saw!  Fine selection of draft lagers and beers, and cheap-ish by station standards.  Fine. Sums it up perfectly. It's not great, but not awful either. It's fine.
2 Not much room and full of people pissed out of their heads at 12pm
2 Wildly overpriced so if you're planning on drinking here, I'd kindly suggest that you spend your money at an off licence and drink on the train.  l stopped here with my better looking half for a quick drink and maybe a bit to eat before we began our little day out to North Berwick.  The signboard outside showed 2 offers. One being a sandwich & a drink for £5. The other offer was for a pie & a pint for £4.80. l opted for the pie/pint combo as l felt like giving myself some extra man points. The plans were quickly scuppered as the cook, who was lacking in any sort of apron/pinnie told me there was no pies so I opted for the sandwich & drink then to find out that it was for a hot drink or small soft drink. I also overheard the barmaid ask a gent for £8 for 2 bottles of beer which gave me a bit of a fright.  Overall quite misleading in my personal opinion. The sandwich was pretty good. Nice bread, nice ham and cheese. Nothing that can go wrong which is good and the coffee was fairly nice for a train station/pub coffee.  I do wish that I had seen the toilets before sitting down to my sandwich though, which had a can of Stella that never made it back out again with a questionable puddle that didn't quite make it to the toilet bowl.  Sorry Nor Loch, you tempted me in with your almost classic looking decor but unfortunately that was all you had.
