4 I get hungry every time I walk past this place, so it wasn't long after I first noticed it that I found myself in there buying lunch. I don't think it's been open very long, as I've never nticed it before, but now that I have found it I can safely say I will definitely be coming here a lot!  It's perfect for those days when you have to buy lunch on the go, don't fancy a sandwich but can't be bothered with a full sit-down meal either. You choose whichever pasta you want, whichever sauce you want (there's always a choice of veggie/non-veggie ones), if you want any extra bits added to it (sun-dried tomatoes, pesto chicken etc), then you choose if you're sitting in or taking away... it's really that simple, and before you know it you've got a healthy and tasty lunch which usually gives you change from £3. Can't really go wrong here!
5 Having spent much of the past week wandering around this area trying unsuccesfully to find The Mosque Kitchen, I'm glad to report that a desirable side effect of  my poor directional skills has been the doscovery of Nyam Nyam.  For about £3.50 I got myself quite a big plate of pasta with italian sausage, courgettes, tomatos and all manner of other bits and bobs, and it was absolutely fantastic. You frequently pay double that for poorer quality in your average Italian restaurant.  Bearing in mind two of my regular lunchtime stops are called Piemaker and Auld Jock's Pie Shoppe, it's probably for the best that I make regular visits here for a more nutritious, less death-inducing meal.
4 During a lengthy exam period, my friend would head here for a quick lunch and one day I joined her. She got some pizza like thing and I got ice-cream (sure it's not a meal but it was yummy!). There is very limited seating space so expect to get take-out. The guy running the place was super friendly and was quite humorous that I was making a meal out of ice-cream. Plus it's all quite affordable for a lunch out.  Would definitely come here again!
4 I cream over any Italian cuisine so Nyam Nyam's lasagne and ice cream offerings were more than enough to keep me chuffed during a lunch break.  Having seemingly popped out of nowhere Nyam Nyam has suddenly established itself as a solid deli with plenty of fresh pasta, pizza and sandwiches to offer, all with the tried and tested Italian flavours.  Top stuff.
5 A really good friend of mine suggested we join her at this relatively new Italian eatery, which is conveniently close to the University of Edinburgh area in George Square! During term, it became her "every Tuesday" place and I don't blame her.  This establishment is owned by yet another Italian family; either that or they've got a great cover with an Italian mama and papa! The menu is quite classic Italian, nothing unconventional or risky about it, and the restaurant itself is quite small. However, the food was great quality (I had one of their cosily sized pizzas) and on the other occasion I've been back I had the most delicious pasta ..   Although one could take their time there, as my friends and I frequently do, it seemed to be quite fast paced with workers and students on a schedule popping in for a quick meal. Slightly more expensive than a few of the other cafes/restaurants catering to students in the area, but definitely top quality food!
5 Nyam Nyam is a really friendly Italian restaurant which offers great food and service for its prices.  It's less than a minute's walk from George Square and so is ideal for satisfying any post-class huger pangs.  It feels inviting inside with its cosy size and comforting decor which makes you feel right at home. Their menu is excellent with plenty of authentic Italian dishes ranging from calzones to homemade ice cream.  I went for the spaghetti carbonara which was delicious and creamy.  The smoked bacon which they use is amazing and enfuses the whole dish.   They're not stingy with their portion sizes either and I'd recommend it for lunch or dinner any day!
5 Wow, I can't believe this place hasn't been a part of my life in the last 4 years. I can't believe I only found it today. And man, oh man, they make great food. And the people who work there are so charming! So, I failed as a vegetarian today because all their vegetarian food had mushroom in it and my ethical self flies out the window when mushroom or peas are involved. So, I had pasta with roasted aubergine and sausage. And my god was it delicious.   I went with a friend who was nursing a hangover, and if money and time had allowed, would have probably eaten the contents of the whole cafe, including staff. It's all reasonably priced as well. Go go go and become addicted.
1 **** WOW!  Just realized 7 "filtered reviews" all give Nyam Nyam ONE STAR.  Click on "filtered" at the bottom of the list of glowing reviews.  Really disgusted at Yelp at the moment. ********  I don't have much to add to my husband's review, cited below.  Read the Trip Advisor reviews, we're not the first to be treated so poorly here.  For legal reasons, I won't name him as Edinburgh's Ice Cream N***, but if you've seen Seinfeld's Soup N*** you can meet the Italian version of that character here in Newington.  I am a frequent customer at many businesses in & around Newington/Nicholson/Clerk St. and Causewayside and am always treated with respect, courtesy and in some cases friendship.  This is a first for me.  I was in tears walking home.  From Daryl W: Absolutely the worst experience I've had in nearly 2 years living in Edinburgh.  My wife and I popped in for some ice cream after dinner, and the middle-aged gentlemen was downright rude to us.    My wife asked to sample one of the flavours, and he refused.  He was happy to take a sample himself and tell her how delicious it was, but he refused to give her a taste of a new flavour.  Then, he proceeded to say things like "you're a liar, you must be American" and "go back to America" when she commented that she'd been here before.  The irony was not lost on me that he is also from another country.    I don't know what his emotional problem was tonight, but suffice it to say we'll not darken this doorstep again.  We live just around the corner and have visited before...but not again.  I feel sorry for his staff.
