4 I have to give this jewellery shop, or gallery as the name says, kudos for its fantastically appealing lighting scheme, and gleaming glass layout that makes everything look like it's bathed in this ethereal light of jewellery magnificence. Or maybe I'm just very weak in terms of shopping resistance, but either way, I found that I was very easily visually persuaded to come in here.   Jewellery in the ever amazing looking platinum, with gorgeous stones, and pearly creations, all make Rock Candy a delight to browse. There are also some lovely silver and gold pieces too, from a range of different national and international designers, and also small, up and coming designers too, so there's a good chance you'll get something unique, or a one-off. The different coloured bangles from Block are really cool, and if you want something a bit different and a bit edgy for your wedding/engagement ring, that definitely looks the part without conforming too much to tradition, then there's a lot to choose from here. Not that I was in any way browsing marriage accessories for future ideas, I just noted they were cool alright?
4 Located on Rose Street, I popped into Rock Candy the other day for a wee nosey around. I spotted their Xen collection in the window and have a few guy friends who love this range. It's made out of stainless steel and at reasonable prices too so perfect if you have an allergy to precious metals.  I also noticed their Latham and Neve collection which I love! I got a Latham and Neve love heart pebble necklace for my 18th birthday and went through a phase of wearing it every day for around two years. To be honest, I had almost forgotten about my little pebble necklace but after seeing the same one in all it's glory yesterday I'll need to dig mine out of my jewellery box. These necklaces are gorgeous and you can get them with a chunky silver chain or just a regular snake chain. They're also quite reasonable priced, between £70-£120.  The shop was very organised but for me, it kind of lacked any atmosphere, there wasn't any music and even though the shop assistant said hello and asked me if I was just happy browsing I got the feeling she would have preferred if I was wearing a fur coat adorned with diamonds. In my sneakers I was left to browse which to be honest, is probably a bit better than getting the hard sale.
4 If you are looking for a unique piece of jewellery, Rock Candy is definitely the place to go. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, the Rock Candy Gallery is right in the centre of the city and is just round the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   This store sells really funky, contemporary jewellery which would be suitable for everybody. Rock Candy sells bracelets, necklaces and rings which come in a range of different materials including silver, gold platinum, steel and titanium, as well as pearl and a selection of precious gems. I have been into this store several times to browse their selection of jewellery and I bough a really beautiful silver bracelet here last year for a friends birthday. Their stock are all really beautiful, and most of the items are incredibly well priced, with the majority of necklaces and bracelets costing under £100.   The staff in Rock Candy are super friendly and always incredibly helpful. A great wee jewellers selling really unique and unsual pieces - definitely worth a look.
4 It should come as no surprise that this jewellery store was summed up for me by food. Not just food, cake. It was Saturday in December and I was browsing many shops. Many of them were offering mince pies, chocolates and mulled wine to customers. Mr Kipling mince pies and Roses chocolates. Standard, Tesco-bought things.  In I wandered to Rock Candy to spy some amazing looking chocolate truffle cakes, hand-baked brownies and apple strudel. I don't know if I should be worried when I asked "Are those from The Manna House?" and I was told I was correct. Then offered one of each. I know my Strudels from my strudels. Fact.  The Manna House is an independent patisserie serving dee-vine French cakes. By supplying their not-cheap sweet treats in plentiful amounts, complimentary to customers, Rock Candy proved to me a few things:  1. They have good taste 2. They know good quality 3. They put customer satisfaction very highly 4. They stand out from the generic crowd 5. If their jewelery were food, it would taste as good as those freshly baked, French brownies and strudels.  The jewellery itself is beautiful, and I coveted many, many of the pieces. It doesn't come cheaply although does start around £50 in some collections going upwards to around £300 in others. There are many different designers and each case contains a different collection.  The styles range from fun, colourful plastic jewellery to delicate pieces with gems, and silver&gold combinations. They also have a men's case of jewellery and do some styles of engagement and wedding rings.  It's definitely somewhere to buy a special piece for a special person in your life, who is a hand-made strudel rather than a pre-packaged shop bought mince pie (an analogy too far?)
5 Having now purchased two wedding rings from Rock Candy, I think I can vouch for the experience.  The staff have always been helpful and, when shopping with the Fussiest Man In The World (should I take that as a compliment?), patient, helpful staff are a wonderful thing.  Rock Candy have a great selection of more unusual designs and I like the variety they have for men.  I'm as much of a cufflink addict as Him, so this place is somewhere we can both ogle and consider joint purchases, as much as point at things with a big Hint gesture in the months leading up to birthdays, Christmas and other Significant Events.  Oddly, I also really like the design of the space in Rock Candy.  It's a little conversion art gallery meets jewellery store, with considered lighting and an air of down-to-earth elegance.    It is, however, the staff who really make Rock Candy more than "just" another trinket store.  Only days after ordering a smaller wedding ring, we got to go back in and try it on...we didn't bother with the big white dress, though!
