1 I've always been a Vodafone customer, but on several occasions leaving this particular store I've vowed to leave! It is ridiculous in here, it embodies everything I loathe about large mobile companies. Any enquiry I've ever had going into this shop has been met with 'phone the customer helpline' - every single time. When I've gone in to get some help with my phone I've always had to wait at least 20minutes (if I've not walked out by then) or, surprise surprise I'm told to phone the customer helpline. AGHH!!! It really frustrates me in this shop, it's almost as if they don't want my custom. Every other Vodafone store I've been in has been brilliant and I've been really pleased and satisfied with the service I've received, but this particular branch really gets my goat. And I want my goat back.
3 I've been stuck with Vodafone for a while, and while they aren't too problematic I reckon there is a better network out there for me. But my phone broke with a few months left on my contract so I ended up upgrading and starting a new contract.   I had done my research before going to the store and decided I wanted a Blackberry Bold. So I went to the store and told this to the shop assistant who seemed to ignore everything I said. He insisted that I get some I-phone rip off and kept showing me how fantastic it was. Look you can watch TV on it! Eh cheers but I have a TV for watching TV on. It got kind of annoying. Especially after I told him in no uncertain terms I didn't want a touch screen. He then proceeded to grill me on why I wouldn't want touch screen. It was all very tiring.   I eventually got my Blackberry but I could the guy was really hacked off that I wasn't helping him meet his sales target for the day.
1 just as busy  just as useless  just as rude  boo to you, vodafone!!
2 With their slick haircuts from the mid 90s, security guard style shoes, and corny "matey" attitude that evaporates completely if you don't accept the shitty, overpriced deal they relentlessly try to force upon you, it's safe to say that mobile phone salesmen are among the main reasons I tend to give stores like this a wide berth.  Get one from the internet, you can get utterly massive free tellies / games consoles thrown in as well.
3 Getting a phone contract in Edinburgh was probably the most frustrating thing I had to do in my first month here. After spending ridiculous amounts calling Nigeria on pay-as-you-go (I know...) I decided to get a Vodafone contract after being frustrated away from T-Mobile. I don't understand; we've just had a credit crisis, but they wouldn't give me a contract because I hadn't used credit before? I felt as though I was being punished for not having used someone else's money to buy things!  So Vodafone took £100 of my money as insurance (which hurt) and I got a pretty handy Nokia for £35 a month. Unlimited texts and internet, which it turns out isn't really unlimited buy 500MB a month, and 600 minutes. The best I've managed to do is 350 minutes, and that was through some serious effort, so after my 18 month contract is over I may cut this down.   Some odd 7 months later, I've gotten most of my £100 back. Also, comparing Vodafone with all my friends' other networks, I've got amongst the best coverage anywhere.
