3 Potterrow is the student union for Edinburgh University, and as such I expected it to be posher than posh, the playground for all the yah's that Edinburgh University seems to attract. But it was the complete opposite! the union looks like it has just escaped from the 60s, retro decor and a huge tree in the middle of the floor. It's a nice area to sit and try to do some work but it is always really busy, and the fresh air student radio programmes are held here so it's always quite noisy.  Saturday night plays host to the Big Cheese in Potterrow - one of the best nights on a Saturday, in my opinion! The music comes straight from the 70s, 80s and 90s so it's great fun to sing along and re-live my youth. Although it's more or less the same music every week, so I try to go as little as I can so I can fully enjoy my night here. It's a great place to be for a student, but for a member of the general public...not so much
4 The last time I was rightfully entitled to enter a student union was three years ago, when I finished my course at uni. Now I am clearly just too old, and remembering the reckless galavanting of my student days makes me feel ill with longing and nostalgia (and memories of the too many triple vodkas and orange juice, just what you need on a night out, lots of nice, acidic,  fresh orange mixed with alcohol to make you feel extra awful in the morning).  Even though I'm not a student anymore and shouldn't really be roaming about in their 'hood, there's something slightly exciting about sneaking in here and partying with the most drunken, crazy people you'll probably find in one place on one evening in Edinburgh. There's some pretty big dancing space here and some potent shot options at cheap prices. If you've got a friend that's a student, but you're not, they can take you in here as a guest, then you can pretend you're a fresher and see if anyone believes you (first year Astronomy with Russian is my fake course of choice, plus it makes you sound a mix of brainy and out of the ordinary).
5 I LOVE POTTERROW!! It is one of several of Edinburgh University's student unions and it is by far my favourite. It is a great place to sit and do some work during the day or to have lunch with friends in. It has a shop selling sandwiches, snacks, drinks etc as well as magazines and stationary. It also sells Edinburgh University goods such as hoodies and folders. The best aspect of this store for me is the sushi - it sells the most amazing sushi which is very reasonably priced - £2.99 for six maki rolls. The shop is always busy at lunch time and the staff are very friendly.   Potterrow occasionally holds gigs at night for small bands to come and play, but the union really comes alive on a Saturday night for the Big Cheese, one of my favourite places to go for a night out in Edinburgh.  It used to be free entry, but it is now only free until 10pm and then it is £3 to get in.  The music is cheesy pop from the '70s to '90s mixed with current chart music.  The drinks are very cheap, but the one downside to the Big Cheese is the massive queue to get in which seems to move so slowly.  They do take their time in letting the students into the union, but once you are in it is definitely worth it!
3 Having just graduated, I'm ashamed to say I've spent far too many saturday nights here at Big Cheese. And don't believe what people might say... it's awful.  You queue for an hour around Bristo Square in the sleet/snow/rain, only to wait up to half an hour at the bar for drinks, which eventually come in plastic cups. And if you haven't downed it within minutes you can rest assured it will have been knocked out of your hands and onto the floor because the place is so packed.  Saturday nights aside, this place is actually very useful. It's like a little mini city centre, with 3 banks, a coffee shop, a sandwich bar, a medical centre and wi-fi for when you're lounging on one of the big sofas. It also has a shop that offers everything from chewing gum to dry cleaning, which makes it really convenient.
5 Ok, I have officially fallen in love with Potterow. it plays the WORST but the BEST music ever, it has the cheesiest men and the bouncers are brilliant criac.  I love it!!!!
5 Potterow is a fantastic venue for Edinburgh University undergrads wanting to unwind on a Saturday night at the "Big Cheese". Elsewhere in the city all the clubs raise their prices as more of the locals go out. This prices most students out leaving Potterow as the only option- but what an option! The queue to get in is pretty horrendous admittedly and can take up to an hour.to get in and there are plenty of queue jumpers who will get you suitably annoyed. But once you get in you are greeted by like minded equally smashed students who equally want to unwind after a long week of studying. Drink deals are great with the signature drink being a "diesel"- half cider, half beer and a dash of blackcurrant. The music is absolutely awful hence the name "Big Cheese" but you will secretly love it. During the day, Potterow is also a pretty cool venue to get together to have a coffee, do some studying with other students or buy lunch from the EUSA shop there.
5 During the day Potterow is a great place to come for lunch as it's cheap, tasty and most of it is ethically sourced.  The have some really good deals going on like a sandwich, a drink and a packet of crisps for £2.80.  The service is good and it's relaxing to just chill out under the giant dome on one of the comfortable sofas. The main attraction of Potterow, however, has to be the Big Cheese.  It's suitably names as it only plays cheesy music, but as dire as this sounds, it's actually incredible fun.  The queues are enormous and seem to take an age to process.  But once you're in you discover that it's well worth the wait. I usually start off in the downstairs bar with a few diesels or chill out under the dome, before heading upstairs to the dancefloor.  It's an extremely drunken affair and, without fail, you'll see dozens of people who you know.  It's possibly my favourite night of the week and well worth a look for all Edinburgh students.
4 Any student living in Edinburgh will come across a night out at Potterrow, especially in relation to the main student night - 'The Big Cheese'! Yes, this is a night dedicated to pop songs, dance music, sing along anthems and chart hits!   The Big Cheese has become something of one of my guilty pleasures. The student night is always busy and at times it is impossible to dance on the dance floor! Drinks and entry fee is cheap as it is a student union, so that is certainly an attraction to come here for a night out!  During Freshers Week this venue always hosts some good and sometimes some bad times, this year the brilliant B*witched were playing! A gig which actually attracted a full house in Potterrow that night!  The only downside to Potterrow is that sometimes you do experience the rowdy first years who knock your drinks and into you consistently! However, apart from that it is one of the best student nights out!
4 You get a variety of events on offer for students at Potterrow.  Typically the most commonly recurring event is 'The Big Cheese' on Saturday nights, but there are a variety of other one-off nights.  These one off nights can vary between a variety of themes and band performances.  Many of these are one offs and you'll want to keep your eye out for any posters or website updates and your ears open for any news.  Ticket prices can change fro different events, but the general rule is free entry before 10, £3 after and £4 after midnight, but be warned it can be very quiet before 10 and you'll probably spend an extra £3 on drinks you would have bought cheaper at home.  The good news is that as well as a dance floor there is also a cafe styled seating area on offer giving you the chance to have a drink and a chat before everyone else arrives.  If you're a fresher in halls then you'll probably come here at some point.  The first few weeks here it gets very busy and you'll be in a big queue to get in, but it's a bit of a right of passage coming here.  Throughout the year its generally busy and unless you want to be a bit more adventurous offers a decent night out.
3 As a student union, a night at Potterrow does what it says on the tin.  It's cheap 'n' cheerful and oh so cheesey.  The perfect combination, one might say, for a night of care-free laid-back fun.  But I would approach with caution, I believe a certain level of inebriation is necessary for its enjoyment, that is to say it's not the kind of place I'd like to find myself whilst sober.  First impressions were not favourable unfortunately.  We arrived en masse quite early, as buy-one-get-one-free drinks had been advertised between 9pm and 10pm, and naturally we wanted to take full advantage of this.  Imagine our disappointment when bar staff claimed ignorance of said deal...leaving us stuck in an empty bar with full priced drinks when we could be at home, drinking at a fraction of the price.  Now isn't there a law somewhere about false advertising?  Ha, I'm only slightly bitter.  Once recovered, I realised it wasn't all that bad.  The seating area is pretty sweet:  lots of tables and plenty of sofas all underneath this big black dome.  It's odd, I felt as though I was outside, but I wasn't,  I liked it!  Another major plus is that there are LOTS of toilets, albeit they're all the way downstairs, but there are lots of them.  Any girl who's ever had to pee on a night out will never underappreciate an abundance of toilets, and I was 100% grateful for never having to queue.  When the upstairs area opens up, the night's title 'Big Cheese' comes into its own, 'cheese' really is the only word that describes it.  The dancefloor is a pretty decent size, and there is another bar area up here with some more seating.  It's a good layout, but it's all pretty standard...there's nothing remotely special about the place.  If it had been up to me, I would have chosen to go somewhere else, but despite this I still had a really fun night.  Maybe I'm getting snobby and starting to forget that there's nothing wrong with a cheesey student night every now and then...
5 Best place to go for a cheesy night out in Edinburgh!   Yes, it's very grimy and you wouldn't want to touch the walls or choose to use the toilets, but that's true of any club, right?   Had some of my best nights out in Potterrow. Surround yourself with good friends and watch as everyone remembers the moves to steps 5678. Good times.
