4 Forget about overpriced vintage shops or Urban Outfitters, a new kid is in town and I must say I am impressed. Located so close to the Edinburgh College of Art, this small boutique boasts a small but great selection of funky dresses and vintage jewelry, all jazzed up in a modern way.   The retro style certainly seems to have an appeal in this city and it's nice to see an affordable place for once. The assistants were super friendly (and didn't have that look other similar places have if you don't fit into the "style" of the shop). I am very much looking forward to see what else this shop will bring into stock.
4 Situated in what is undoubtedly my favourite shopping area of Edinburgh, Lady JoJo's Boutique is a new addition to the league of cool. It's an independent clothing store selling absolutely lush 50s inspired swing dresses and little swimming cossies of a pin-up ilk.  Since I like my ladies in massive high heels, red lipstick and halterneck dresses, this shop appealed to me a lot. The clothing is of a great quality, which makes a nice change to the usual flimsy offerings you'll get when you purchase a rockabilly dress.  They had an absolutely darling wee sailor outfit in here that I would've most certainly bought if I had a little more money. You're looking to spend between £40 - 80 for a dress in here, but the unique, high quality design makes the price more than justified.  As Stephanie said, I didn't feel stared down as I entered in here. I love burlesque and 50s inspired fashion, even though I don't wear it on a day to day basis. The shop assistant was warm and friendly, so I didn't feel out of place at all. If anything, she left me free to ogle the gorgeous dresses!  A must for fans of rockabilly, burlesque and that timeless 50s look, Lady JoJo's had dresses so sassy you'll knock a guy's eyes out. My boyfriend would positively cream over a red dress they had in here, which I might have to go back for...wink wink!
4 If you are looking for a piece of quirky or unique clothing, Lady JoJo's Boutique is the place to go. Situated in the Grassmarket area of Edinburgh, Lady JoJo's Boutique is just around the corner from the Royal Mile and it is a short walk to the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   This store is relatively new on the Edinburgh clothing scene, and it is a definite welcome addition. I love to come here and browse the shop and admire their beautiful stock. The boutique is pretty small inside but it boasts a beautiful selection of dresses, tops, trousers and accessories. I bought an absolutely gorgeous dress here several months ago, and it cost around £50, but it is of excellent quality and I wear a lot when I go out so it is definitely good value for money. The stock changes over quite a bit, so I find that if there is something I like, its probably best to buy it there and then rather than waiting a week and finding out its not longer on sale - that has happened to me several times!!   The staff are really friendly and warm too. Lady JoJo's is a great place to go to buck the trend and buy your clothes from a non-high street store.
4 Well hello sailor.  When I had a 1940s event to attend (maybe a Yelp Elite Event that I was hosting...)  I realised I had nothing to wear to the ball! I had visited Lady Jojo's a few times, and never been able to justify buying a beautiful frock, with no occasion that called for a stunning piece of tailoring.  And so when the question arose of where I could get the perfect dress for my final hurrah and my last Elite Event as the CM, I knew where to go. The dresses aren't ever  at bargain prices, and for good reason. I'd wager the average price is around £70. I spied a beautiful one on the sale rack, luckily in my size... et voila. It fit like a glove. Or a glass slipper. Or the most beautiful dress I've ever worn.  As I was there, I tried on 5 different dresses out of curiosity. Holy mama. Why don't we dress like this any more? I know women used to have to wear dresses only, and it was a big revelation when we could wear trousers without being considered weird. And I do like trousers, they are practical. But every single one of these dresses fit like a dream, and flattered me in all the right places. More so than any 'vintage inspired' dress from high street shop.  The tailoring is of the highest standard. You know that whoever designed, sewed and fitted this dress was doing it with the sole purpose of making which ever femme fatale wear that dress, that they would look fabulous and nothing less.  It does sound like I'm blowing my own trumpet. But given the amount of compliments I got on the dress and my outfit on the night, I can assure you that it was certainly the beautifully made and fitting dress that stole the show. No high street brand dress would ever make me look or feel that fabulous.  The dress could be worn again, admittedly not just for a laid back Friday date night dinner. But it's low key enough that it will do for birthday parties, new years eve parties... if only I could get away with wearing it to the cinema, brunch, my grocery shopping...  I love the dress, I love the shop, I wish I had more reasons and moolah to shop here. A very special "treat" shop, for that once a year special occasion. But if you are feeling like you're having a bad hair day, go to Lady Jojo's and try on one or five of these dresses. You will look fabulous, and will brighten your day no end.
