5 Definitely my favourite lunch spot in Edinburgh.  Rocket is a breath of fresh air when it comes to casual dining: good, fresh food at awesome prices. They specialize in sandwiches and baked potatoes, but also offer daily soups, salads, baked goods, desserts and coffees. Though small, their quick efficient surface and equally fast to prepare foods ushers customers through at a good pace, though the limited space can occasionally get a wee bit cramped with prams and those waiting for take-away.  They offer a wide selection of sandwiches but also allow you to make your own, with various toppings such as coronation chicken, tuna, hummus, greens, cheeses, etc. and provide both whole grain and white baguettes. I've tried a sandwich of their own creation and it was absolutely delightful: grilled chicken, mozzarella, tomato chutney and fresh basil leaves.   They always offer lentil soup with the choice of 2 other 'daily soups' which are always quite the combination of ingredients. Pair a bowl of that with a sandwich for only £5.95.  Not in the mood for the soup and sandwich combo? Their baked potatoes are also an awesome choice, especially with the coronation chicken, which was a suggestion of one of the gals that works there. Pair that with salad with onions, cherry tomatoes, olives and a light vinaigrette and you have yourself a tasty little lunch.  But don't pay the bill and walk out just yet! You were eyeing all those delicious looking treats, weren't you? Go ahead, indulge in a fresh baked muffin (lemon poppy seed, white chocolate and raspberry, both delicious), scone, slice of chocolate cake, carrot loaf or empire biscuit. They're the perfect little treat to finish off your lunch or dip in your coffee- the best I've ever had due to the fresh beans they use. They use two shots of expresso mind you, so watch out if you don't like your cuppa strong As much as I try to resist these delectable sweets, I can't help but get a little something.  Rocket is perfect for lunch on your own with a novel, or as a place to meet friends or take your grandparents on a day out. Why do I say this? Because this place is always flocking with yummy mummies with designer bags, cute old couples or students from Napier's Merchiston campus around the corner.  10% Student discount! Breakfast/Brunch & lunch only.  Open Mon-Fri: 8 AM - 5 PM Sat: 9 AM - 5 PM Sun: 10 AM - 5 PM
4 It's the middle of winter, it's cold and sleeting, and you're absolutely freezing walking through Morningside. Then you see the menu in the window of this cute little café advertising home-made porridge drizzled with honey, and all of a sudden you don't mind it being January Scottish-style.  My porridge cost me just £2.50, and it was a huge bowl at that. Whilst I was thawing, curled up on one of their cosy leather sofas in the window, I had a glance at the rest of their menu, and they also do what looks like a good range of sandwiches/paninis, soups, scones and cakes. Call me nosy, but I did a bit of spying around the room at what everyone else what having, and it all looked really good. I need to head back here soon and try more of their stuff, I think!  Granted, Morningside is almost saturated with places like this, what with all the yummy mummies to cater for, but this place is so cosy you almost feel like you're in your own living room. It's a small café, but that meant that the service was friendly and fast, and little things like the staff having the time to smile and say hello when you come in are always nice.  Definitely worth trying... just don't hog my sofa.
4 The Chorizo, red pepper pesto, jarlsberg and rocket sandwich I tried here was something special. A little on the pricey side and mostly packed with housewives and their children, Rocket is still a great place to have a lunchtime snack.   If you can traverse the Pram legs and get to the counter there's plenty of choice including some tasty jacket potatoes and some equally delicious muffins.  For the average visitor to Edinburgh this Morningside located lunch/brunch cafe may be a little too far away, nonetheless if your in the area and need a reliable provider of tasty grub, Rocket will do.
4 Rocket is a great little delicatessen in the centre of the Bruntsfield area of Edinburgh.  It is very modern inside with white and green interior which gives the impression that it is very clean - always a good sign.   Rocket sells breakfast meals, such as breakfast rolls, porridge and cooked breakfasts, and their warm bacon rolls are completely delicious. They also have a wide range of options for lunch as well, with sandwiches being their main speciality with a good selection of different and exotic fillings, such as foreign cheeses and meats.  Rocket has a fresh foods counter from which you can make up your salad for a lunch. Baked potato's and soups are also available to order. I had their home made carrot and coriander soup for lunch which was tasted really fresh and full of flavour, and best of all it was only around £3 - such a bargain.  Rocket also serves delightful coffee blends, and best of all, they offer a !0% student discount!
4 OK the food here is good, and it's all nicely done up but I do feel like maybe it's got ideas above its station? I don't know, just trying a bit hard. That said, my jacket potato was delicious, if a little pricey.  Sam's right though. There are kids everywhere. God I hate children. I'm so happy I was never a child. I don't know what to do around them, how to deal with them or not deal with them. There was one who kept trying to talk to me. Apparently it's not OK to tell a child to piss off.   So yeah, tasty food, rotten children. Your call.
3 Popped in for breakfast on a miserable sunday morning looking for a lift to my dwindling spirits. There were a couple of tables free and the menu looked pretty good. We opted for French toast, streaky bacon and banana with maple syrup and a bowl of porridge. The kid in me went for a strawberry milkshake while the more serious other half opted for a coffee.  First off it all seemed a bit busy for the number of people who were actually in. I noticed a couple of groups  getting their breakfasts at different times - sorry but a pet hate of mine. If you order your food together it should be served together. This proved to be the case for us. Porridge came 5 minutes before my meal arrived and it seemed luke warm rather than piping hot. The French toast was ok but not the most generous on the maple syrup front. The streaky bacon looked like normal back bacon with the fat on. I maybe should have asked for it crispy - it wasn't.  Milkshake was ok but if anyone has had a strawberry frost shake from Tribeca in Glasgow then anything else is going to be struggling to keep up.  Staff were pleasant and the prices are competitive. I just think in the packed market place of bruntsfield and morningside it didn't stand out. Perhaps this was an off-morning for the team and I wasn't so disappointed I wouldn't pop in for a coffee again.
3 Melted cheese. How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.  Well there's only one way really, and that's melted. Not semi-heated in a toasted roll with little beads of perspiration forming on the light yellow slices at the effort of trying to melt but just...not...making...it.  I have been known to rant about cheese before. The ham and cheese sandwich that was presented to me in Kember&Jones in Glasgow, only to proffer grated cheese instead of sliced, fell victim to my scrutiny. (It's just not right!)  So when I ordered a toasted chicken, edam, sweet chili and jalapeno roll here I expected my cheese melted, and gooey, and stringy, and covering the inside of the roll with all its delcious dairyness. Instead the outside of the roll was toasted, yes, it was even warm inside but the cheese was stubbornly still in block form, with a little oil forming on the top. As a result it was picked out and I had a plain chicken roll. What's the point in eating slabs of cheese if they're not melted?  Also the amount of chicken in my sandwich wasn't ample. And when we were both offered a side salad, we said yes gladly, only to not be told it was charged extra rather than complimentary (as I believed).  I think my un-melted hot sandwich was an error. Looking at what other diners were eating, the quesedillas and tortillas, the baked potatoes, and the gorgeous looking cakes on the counter, the food here could be really good. A deli counter, with make your own sandwich style, alongside soups, baked potatoes, nachos - a bit of an eclectic little café. And I do really want to like it. But next time I won't be ordering anything with cheese.
4 All the food I've had here is good and the service is very friendly.  Try the burritos and the brownies.
4 We were out and about getting to know the city when we came across this wee gem. It was jam packed, not a seat in the place available. We decided because it was one of those oddly amazingly nice days out we would get some sandwiches and have a picnic at the nearby park.  I chose the Wahaca. An interesting blend of spanish chorizo and mexican guacamole with monterey jack cheese and some rocket (of course). It was a club sandwich which means it had an extra slice of toast in the middle which made it super filling. It was good. I ate it up and felt fine about it all. Wouldn't mind trying the other interesting bits on the menu but would like to actually sit down next time.   The breakfast menu looks very tasty.
3 I felt pretty let down by Rocket on my first visit last week.  It was lunch time and yes the cafe was busy but the staff were shocking.  They were all nice, but there was no order whatsoever and as a result, everyone was running around but nothing really seemed to get done in a proper or timely manner.   It was like everyone was meant to do everything instead of something like:  1 person take orders, deliver food and bus tables 1 person man the till 2 people make food  There were easily 4 or 5 employees when I was there and we waited aaages to order (only to have 3 people then ask to take our order), my friend ordered soup and a sandwich which came out a good 10 minutes before my dish, and getting the bill was painful - we eventually had to go up to the till only to find that they had no record of our order.    Additionally, I ordered the burrito which was fine, but was *really* heavy on the onion which was diced into the salsa so unavoidable.  Overall, as I said I felt pretty let down.  The staff were nice and I would come back for takeaway but the manic air to the place made for a less than pleasant eat in experience.
5 Fresh, tasty, constantly changing & improving menu, friendly staff, bright & airy decor, local art on the walls, reasonably priced What more could you want from your local cafe?
4 Rocket is a small but perfect sized cafe/lunch spot at the top of Morningside.  I've been a few times since I used to live down the road.  They have great sandwiches and delectable treats (my favourite being the chocolate/graham cracker/fudge fridge tray bake - not sure what the actual name is?!)   I was here about three weeks ago with my boyfriend for lunch.  I was feeling like something texmex so I chose the chicken burrito while my boyfriend ordered the chicken and chorizo club sandwich.  I was very satisfied with my burrito and my boyfriend was satisfied with his meal.  See the picture that I added!   The staff are very friendly although sometimes the service can be a little slow.  They can be quite busy especially mid-morning. I believe you can reserve a table if you call in advance.  If you are in the area and require a nice, healthy, lunch definitely check this place out.
3 Popped in here for a Sunday lunch, luckily we seemed to come in amid a lull, so found a table straight away. Looking at other reviews I agree about the staffing running around and not much seemed to be happening. It's a funky spot and they have a ridiculously extensive menu, way to big in my opinion, but lots of options that would place it right in between a bit classy and a greasy spoon choice. Oddly enough the café has sort of a 'we don't care look', very eclectic and random pictures decorate the walls along with the seemingly unlimited amount of menu's.  We were initially served right away and drinks ordered and then someone did some back and grab our food order, but despite my assumption we were among the first of the rush to order we waited about 25 minutes for 3 dishes. Granted, they were busy and we didn't mind, maybe everyone ordered the same thing we did, but it was a bit longer then I expected to wait. However, when it did arrive the server apologised for the delay and brought some cutlery.  My friends ordered the veggie nachos and a burrito, which were both massive and they quite enjoyed. I ordered the chorizo, chipotle, jarlsberg, tomato and rocket sandwich toasted in a tortilla, which was absolutely smashing, but fairly small. I didn't realize it didn't come with a small salad, granted, didn't thoroughly read the massive menu, but it would have been nice to have been given a heads up that it isn't really a full meal. Although, tasted great so I can't complaint about the food.  We did sit for a while and no one seemed to mind, however no one cleared our plates and offered us anything else. They had 4 staff on, but didn't seem to have any set station. We did end up ordering some slices, my friend said the broken biscuit was what the blogs raved about, so I ordered that, It was alright, but after tasting it think some of their other slices would have been better. They did have a gluten free brownie that looked smashing!  Now, I can understand being flat out and not getting super attentive service, but when we went to pay there was only two other tables and the two girls behind the counter didn't greet us or tell us to hang on a minute while they finished what they were doing. After a few minutes the girl making coffee came over to cash us up, not very happily I might add, and wasn't very nice about me not having any change. I understand completely how hard it is to work in customer service sometimes, but not even acknowledging someone or being quite curt isn't acceptable.  Overall, cheap-sort-of-grubby delicious eats for not very expensive. I didn't try the coffee, but my friend said it was good, so will have to try one next time. It is a great café for a quirky, satisfying feed. They also look like they serve a good brekkie too. I wouldn't go out of my way to trek down to Rocket, but it seems to be a semi-hip spot in Morningside with no pretentiousness about it.
3 I do like Rocket and their cakes are lovely as is their coffee, but as Emily H said, the staff seemed to be a bit lost, sometimes appearing to not have much of an idea on what was going on.  That aside, this was one of the first coffee shops I tried in Edinburgh about 4 years ago and it has came on leaps and bounds since I first tried it, which has seen it expand and offer more food but has also seen it take a dip in terms of service and attentiveness that used to be offered up by the staff.  The atmosphere in Rocket goes beyond bustling in to the almost "frenzy-like" with the staff as well as the customers seeming to be a notch above everyone else in the hyperactivity spectrum. I don't mean any of this as negative comments, I just like being lazy when I go to a coffee shop and enjoy just flumping on a couch and reading a book.   My usual pairing when I go here is a slice of carrot cake and a large latte, it's enough to keep my quiet for 30 minutes or so. Just be quick enough to get a seat because it does get awfully busy around lunch times and the two hour period after work.  Will definitely be back to here but will try and go on a morning that will hopefully be quieter than the lunchtime experience that this review has come from,
5 I have been going to Rocket since 2009, and it has always been great. Lots of vegetarian/vegan options, and the prices are super reasonable. Staff is always friendly, and even when it's very busy, I still usually manage to find a table.   Even after moving to Glasgow, I always try to make a stop at Rocket if I'm in Morningside visiting.
