5 I'd read about this place and was really excited about trying it out. Unlike a lot of places though, Pickled Green was every bit as amazing as I'd thought it was going to be. The concept is simple: tasty food that's both bikini and wallet-friendly. What's not to love?!  They only use seasonal ingredients which they can source locally, which explains the good vlue for money and also why the food is always really fresh. They have a list of these ingredients when you go in - at the moment it's courgettes, samphire, wood pigeon, courgettes and artichokes, but it means that the menu is changing all the time. This is particularly good if, like me, you plan to be heading back here very soon.  I'm not a vegetarian, but some of the veggie dishes on their lunch menu when I was there looked so good that I had to go against all my principles and order one. For my main course I went for the Broccoli Risotto with Watercress and Toasted Almonds, and it was definitely a good decision. If you're in a meatier mood, my friend had a pork fillet with caramelised apples and champ mash. Needless to say, I pinched a bit, and I still can't decide whose was the better choice.  For their lunch menu, you'll pay £10 for two courses or £12.50 for three... Whichever one you go for, you'll feel like you robbed them.
4 At first glance, Pickled Green looks very stripped down, shiny and new from the outside. That is only because they are new, and for an establishment just joining Edinburgh's eating scene they are doing exceptionally well.  They post up snippets of their high profile rave reviews in the window and on their signs, which can occasionally put me off eating in a place. But Pickled Green's contemporary surroundings are clean without being unwelcoming. And really, you sould be concentrating on the food - which is amazing!  With mouthwatering spinach, spring vegetables and soup, their lunchtime menu is an absolute treat. The majority of their food is locally sourced and they seem to regularly update their menu. I visited here with my friends and our meals were so tasty there wasn't a scrap left on any of our plates. There is also enough on the menu to appease veggies, no matter what time of the day you stop in for a dish!  The staff are friendly, the surroundings are relaxed and the chef is shit hot - not bad for its first year! A very welcome addition to Rose Street's good eateries, it's no wonder Pickled Green is tickling its customers pink.
4 It may not look much from the outside, but Pinkerton Smith is actually a surprisingly good little restaurant cum cafe with an emphasis on seasonal and fresh food. It has a slight feel of being aimed at the organic Earth Mother brigade, but don't let that out you off.  Wood pigeon might not sound the best, but it's far more tasty than munching on a disease ridden flying rat caught fresh from Waverley Station. The soups and vegetables are also pretty solid, and the fresh, natural taste of the scran ensures you feel healthy and alive rather than sick and bloated once you leave.  Prices get ramped up severely in the evening, so it's best to visit at lunch.
4 All pubs on Rose Street are more or less the same, but they're all brilliant. As Marj has said, they have all their reviews stuck up on their windows, which is a bit arrogant yeah, but it works. If someone recommends it, I'll go, and that is exactly how I found myself in Pickled Green.  It's a nice place, nicely decorated and nice friendly staff. The atmosphere is really good too, really chilled. The food is good too, although that's second-hand information I'm afraid as I've only been for a drink. Rest assured, I'll come for something to eat!
4 Pickled Green is a great little restaurant serving traditional British food. Situated in the centre of Rose Street, Pickled Green is right in the centre of the city and it is just around the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   The inside of the restaurant is really contemporary and modern, with wooden floors and wooden tables and chairs, with lots of light and space. I came here for the first time just a few weeks ago for dinner, and the place looked great inside, but I found sitting on the wooden benches got really uncomfortable after a while and there was no back to them either, so after an hour or so I was itching to stand up. The dinner menu was pretty small, but there was a decent selection of options on it. I had the chilled pea soup to start which was completely amazing. It was the first time I had eaten cold soup, and I didn't think I was going to like it, but it was full of flavour and tasted really fresh. I then had salmon with new potatoes for my main course, which was equally beautiful. The salmon was cooked perfectly and there was a great wee sauce to go with it - yum!   The prices are pretty reasonable too, with most main courses costing £7, and a three course meal costing £20 which is a good deal. Pickled Green is a great restaurant, serving delicious food, but you might want to be prepared to bring cushions with you for the uncomfy seats!
5 Super! Traditional Scottish plus contemporary gastro-pub. Go here.
