5 I feel like a bit of a hypocrite reviewing a tattoo parlor without ever getting a tattoo....but my friends have! And I've been with them!  My friend Shelly, who has a plethora of tattoo's, would never go anywhere else in the city for her body-art. She loves it. I have other friends who have been to other places and say that tribal is the best for quality. At the end of the day, if you're getting a tattoo, you'll want it to be of high quality!  When I first went into Tribal I was scared - I had these images in my head of a punk-rocker and feeling really uncomfortable in my bright pink jacket and pixie-shoes.  But I really didn't! The staff were lovely and let me sit and watch my friend get her tattoo. They were extremely professional and very thorough to make sure everything was going to be perfect.  I don't know if I'll ever get a tattoo, but if I did I would go to Tribal.
4 So this is an embarassing story... Once upon a time, I was a fresher, got drunk and lost a bet. The next morning  I found myself in here, having just shelled out £25 to get my nose pierced. Cracking idea.  However, I have to say I was actually really impressed with the place and if I were to ever get anything pierced again I'd definitely come back to Tribal. The hygiene, professionalism, efficiency and obvious knowledgability of the staff was top notch, and I had absolutely no trouble at all with infections or anything like that. On that note, unlike most places where they try and flog you a £15 bottle of cleaning solution, the woman here just told me to use hot salty water - and she was right, it worked perfectly.  My flatmate has more body piercings than I care to count visually in my head, and this is one of his favourite places to go. But don't let that put you off, I'd thought I was going to get stared at by all these scary-looking rockers and punks covered in tattoos and studs/hoops/bars, but everybody there was really friendly and nice.  In fact, the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because of the sheer pain. Not strictly Tribal's fault (the woman told me afterwards that nose piercings hurt more than "any other piercing anywhere else on her entire body" (ahem) because it's cartilage, but it still makes my eyes water just thinking about it.  If you're not a complete wuss like me, this should be where you get your next piercing done.
4 It's always been an ambition of mine to get a "Made in Falkirk" tattoo stamped across my forehead, and while my fear of excruciating pain might keep that ambition as just a fantasy, If I were to take the plunge and permanently mutilate myself, this grimy, seedy and dangerous looking tattoo parlour would be as good a place as any to do it. They do everything from tramp stamps to bell-end piercings, and have been around for a good few years without getting shut down by Environmental Health, which is a rare accolade in their industry.  If you really must get "love" and "hate" inscribed upon your knuckles, then this is the place to be.
5 Now, I am limited on my tattoo experiences, having only visited a few places, but there are definitely a few things I have in mind when I do:    1) Do you scare me when I walk through the door? 2) Do I scare you (honey, if that is the case, we have to talk) 3) Clean (some eh... not so much) 4) Interesting portfolios with art styles that work for me  I have flash and I have custom work on me. I've had both tattoo'ed on me at Tribal. I love love love the work that Sarah Street (no longer with Tribal) did on my lower back - I may not see it every day but my tramp stamp is my pride and glory. My second was a piece of ivy on my wrist done by a gentleman whose name I no longer remember, but is a kickboxer, who was most disappointed with my about turn on having a character from the Gashcrumbly Tinies on my wrist instead. Perhaps when I have another life crisis (mid, pre-mid, post-mid, who knows?). Tribal works for me as I feel safe and comfortable there, the artists know what they are doing and produce great work. I went there on reccomendation and haven't looked back. If you want (and you really want, not 'oh I'll get it now and laser it off later...' crazy fools) a tattoo in the Edinburgh area, check em out and see if they fit you.
5 Although I live in deepest darkest Devon this is still my regular tattoo shop... I wouldn't trust anyone else to put ink to skin! It doesn't matter if you're looking to get the most basic text-based tattoo or a deeply complex design which will need to be built up over many visits... these guys will produce a high-quality tattoo with some cracking banter as you're sitting there. As far as I'm concerned this is the only tattoo shop in Edinburgh (and far beyond) so if you're looking to get some ink then look no further!
5 I recently had a quarter life crisis (i turned 25) and so decided to get a tattoo. I had been to Tribal before to get my tragus pierced and then again to get another bit of my ear pierced and booked my tattoo.   The place is really clean and the professional. The lady who does the piercings is really nice and makes you feel very at ease. The prices are pretty reasonable too.  On Saturday i went to get my tattoo. The guy that did it was very patient and friendly. He drew a couple of designs for me until i was happy then he talked me through everything so i felt relaxed. The tattoo itself was ridiculously painful, apparently the ribs was not a wise place to get it. After it was done he was full of praise for how i handled it which was very sweet.  Overall, i would only ever go here to get any piercings/tattoos and totally recommend them :)
5 I came here somewhat impulsively on a short trip to Scotland from the states.  A friend had recommended it from when she'd lived in the city, and after looking at photos of the artists' work online and liking what I saw, I thought I'd give it a go. Unfortunately there was not enough time for my original tattoo plan - something fairly large and complex needs more than 24 hours notice for the artists to draw it up.  However, I had a backup plan for a smaller, simpler piece that I already had an illustration for, and the folks at Tribal were able to fit me in. Rob did my tattoo and he did a great job - it looks lovely, was done quickly, and he was friendly and chatty while he did it.  Put me at ease, as did the other folks in the shop.  It's clean and they also have a nice selection of jewelry - both for body piercings and also necklaces, cuff links, etc.  Price was reasonable as well. If I'm lucky enough to get back to this city, I'll try to set up an appointment here again - but with more notice ahead of time!
