5 I found Umbrella Movers through the Moving Help website via Uhaul. We moved from San Diego to Las Vegas Easter Weekend and honestly I was way too tired after driving all that way (having had to go through and downsize quite a bit day 2 of the move so I selected Umbrella Movers on the site. They were prompt, very nice and well mannered. They did such a great job and it was so reasonable. They are insurance verified and I was super happy to have made this choice.
5 I also found Umbrella Movers through the U-haul website but I didn't book through there.  I called directly and spoke with Kathryn.  I was concerned because it was Memorial weekend and I scheduled last minute for that Monday.  But Shane and Al showed up about 15 minutes before the scheduled start time and from that point on it was the smoothest move I have ever had, and this is my third move in Vegas in six years.  They set up beds, etc., at my new place and made final adjustments of heavy furniture that I requested.  They were considerate of the flooring and not scratching it, and mindful that labeled boxes went to certain areas so unpacking wasn't a nightmare.  I have already recommended them to friends.  They are reasonably priced and as mentioned in the other review, it was important to me that they had insurance.
5 I found Umbrella Movers through the U-Haul website and I'm so glad I chose them from the list!  Al and Nick showed up half an hour early, knocked on the door to make sure that early was ok, and immediately got to work.  They were polite, professional, funny, and very respectful of the sensitive nature of my move (resulting from a breakup).  They NEVER dawdled, but kept moving all the time!  They also did an amazing job jenga-ing my belongings into the rather small U-Haul truck I had rented. Just when I was losing hope that it would all fit, they found a place for every box and piece of furniture safely and securely!  Their price was extremely reasonable and when I went a half hour over, they only charged a prorate, not a full hour like some moving companies would.  I was thrilled with my easy move and would absolutely hire Umbrella Movers again and recommend them to anyone who wants a smooth moving experience.
5 I hate moving, but Umbrella Movers rocks.  Tony and Aaron showed up promptly at 7:30AM on my scheduled move day and got everything done in about five hours.  I've had bad experiences with other companies (including one that stole some of my belongings), but these guys were completely different.  Professional, courteous and extremely careful with my stuff.  A pleasure doing business with them.
4 To be fair, I would rate them 3.5 stars, if possible.   I needed a mover with good insurance to help move an expensive piano and they were the only ones I found that didn't insure pennies per pound. They actually were insured for up to a million dollars, which was great.  They did great with the piano (phew), but did drop some new bedroom furniture I'd just bought (minus a star). They kept great communication while I was waiting for my claim to be paid. But I'd moved in January and it took nine months later (today) to finally get paid (minus a half star).  The staff was friendly and efficient. Maybe a bit TOO efficient, in hindsight. But it was a late night move and they ultimately came through in the clutch. I would recommend them if you have expensive equipment that you need insured but just don't mind waiting the 9 months it ultimately takes to get paid!
5 I chose this company based on their great reviews.  I believe it was Aaron and another gentleman who came to do the job on 2-23-12.  Their service was top-notch and the price was more than reasonable.  They were extremely careful with my furniture and very cautious to avoid any damage to my properties- much more so than other companies I've used in the past.  They were on time, courteous, and honest.  Aaron even returned a credit card that was found behind some furniture.  I would definitely recommend them based on my experience.
5 My Wife and I are moving out of state and needed help filling our POD.  We were going to do a "Home Depot/Star Nursery run" to get some help but we decided to hire actual movers instead.  PODS recommended two companies but both were more than what I wanted to spend.  I found Umbrella through hireahelper.com.  I hired them based on their price and Yelp reviews which were favorable.  The guys (Shane and Aaron) called ahead to let me know they were on the way.  They took a quick look around the house to take a look at everything that had to go and immediately got to work.  I had read reviews where some movers had milked the clock and wasted time so Wifey and I figured we'd hire people to move our big heavy items (incuding an incredibly heavy marble dresser, and bed from the second floor), and then she and I would fill in the boxes after the movers 3 hours were over.  Well in 3 hours these guys not only handled the heavy items but literally packed everything else too.  They didn't waste any time and it was apparent these guys had filled a POD before.  We actually have space left over.   They used ratchet tie downs that I supplied and furniture pads that I rented from uhaul and took care to secure items we said were fragile.   I seriously have nothing negative to say and would highly recommend Umbrella Movers. I'm not happy they don't offer service in our destination city because I would use them again to unload!  Feel free to contact me with any questions or more details!  - Darryl
5 I had asked friends for recommendations of moving companies they used then checked out reviews of those companies on yelp. Most of them had bad reviews mixed with great ones. So I checked out umbrella movers because they had the better reviews by yelpers with numerous reviews under their belt. When I called, they gave me the lowest pricing and pointed out that part of the reason is because we rent our own truck. I chose them because of the pricing. They showed on time. And would have finished exactly in the amount of time estimated had I finished all the packing like i had said I would and had the sellers gotten out of the house on time. They were professional and hard working. We bought them lunch and when we brought it back to the house, we found them helping the sellers move their furniture into their moving truck. I couldn't have been happier with them. Be careful who you choose because there's lots of tricks to overcharge you by unscrupulous movers. Read up on the reviews. Or just take a short cut and go with umbrella movers.
5 The movers at this place were so courteous when they helped me move!  They came on a Easter Sunday too at the last minute which was awesome and had all the moving supplies including tools and the furniture pads.  They were also really efficient, but took care of everything nicely which was great.
5 The hubs and I chose Umbrella Movers because of it's high rating here on Yelp, and its super affordable price.    From the first call to book the appointment, to the very end when the guys drove off, it all went seamlessly.  I have moved more than 20 times in my life, and this was, by far, the easiest.  The 2 guys (I'm a big dork and didn't get their names....) showed up promptly at 10am (the scheduled time).  We were not nearly as prepared as I had hoped to be.  But after a quick walk around to see what they were up against, they got started.  They were unfazed by my continuing to throw items in boxes as they got the big things out, and never once gave "attitude" about my not being 100% ready.  It was great.  In summary: They were on time.   They were CHEAP.   The process was easy (we rented the truck, they did the loading/unloading). The movers as well as the gal I made the reservation with were all very professional, respectful of my belongings, and used their time efficiently.   It was money absolutely well spent.  I recommend them whole-heartedly.
5 I couldn't have asked for a better moving experience with Umbrella movers. The guys showed up early, were very friendly and fast, careful with everything, and worked really hard. Their estimate was less than the final price and I had great customer service. I would highly recommend them to anyone who wants a smooth transition to a new place!! If I could give them 6 stars I would!!
5 If we ever have to move back to Vegas- we will definitely call Umbrella Movers.  Kathryn provided prompt and courteous customer service setting up the move. She called the day before to confirm.  The two guys who did the move were 100% on top of every issue. Great guys. Came a few minutes before the appointment to get set up. They worked hard and efficiently even in the 100 degree morning heat. They were courteous and were offering to help at every turn. Our 26' truck was loaded in exactly 3 hours.  We had some particularly heavy and delicate equipment that had to get packed into the truck so that they did not get damaged. They did a fantastic job of planning how to position the equipment and the rest of the stuff for the trip. Proof of the job is that everything was in perfect condition after a 700 mile trip over some rather bumpy roads..   This was an "load only" as we had a one-way truck going out of state.
5 I called Umbrella Movers only a couple days in advance, and they were able to help me move on a Sunday! They had a friendly phone operator and good communication. They had fair prices and able to help me move quickly, took about 3 hours total. The movers were friendly and polite. I will definitely use them again when I move.
5 The best word to describe these guys is "Professionals". They're complete professionals.  They move fast and waste no time at all, even though they're paid by the hour. They know exactly what they're doing with packing and protecting my furniture and boxes. They worked well together as a team when moving things around my house, lots of communication between them which led to no furniture ever touching my walls, door frames, etc. Brought all the tools they needed, and the tools were in good working condition and clean.  No hidden costs or anything, and the price was awesome.  As far as the people themselves: they're clean, so I didn't have to worry about dirt on my walls and floors; they speak english so no translators needed and no frustrating language barrier; they're extremely nice people and were very accommodating. I felt like I'd asked a couple of my friends to help me.  I would move with these guys again in a heartbeat.
5 These guys were fantastic! They made my life so much easier. I usually move myself however one of my friends convinced me to try out movers when I moved apartments this summer.   I called Umbrella Movers on a Monday for a move on a Friday with no issues. They did not answer so I left a message and was called back within 30 minutes. I received a conformation call the day before the move.  They met me at the storage unit as I needed them to pick up items from two separate locations and move them into a second floor apartment. This move included some rather large and awkwardly shaped items. They made it look easy which is even more impressive as it was the middle of Las Vegas summer. They were friendly and efficient.  Their prices are more than reasonable. Looking back, I couldn't imaging moving any other way. I will definitely be giving them a call if I ever need to move again.
5 The guys were great! On time, careful, professional and very efficient. The price is great too! Highly recommended!
5 I am writing this review because the move I have just "endured" was made 100% better by three young gentlemen from umbrella movers. I know their names; Shane, Paul and Frank (the tank). I know their names because they became my friends who helped me every step of the way. They were polite, professional and very efficient.  They deserve praise for every aspect of their job, and I truly appreciate all their effort and time. I would say more but I'm getting into my truck now onto greener pastures but before I left, I wanted to write a review for others to know...definitely use these guys for a stress less day!,
5 Wow! Consolidated two homes today into a 3000 sq. foot home. These guys are fast efficient and super affordable! Hired two crews. It was a long day but well worth the savings.
4 These guys were good. Friendly, hard workers and get the job done. The only reason they don't get five stars is because they are not the best but they are in the upper echelon of movers. I would definitely recommend them!
5 We moved from the Bay Area to Vegas and needed help to unload our storage container.  We didn't know a soul in town so we relied on Yelp to find Umbrella Movers.  Eric and Paul arrived promptly at the appointment time and helped unstick the jammed container door to our relief.  The guys were very professional, friendly and careful with our possessions; always using great care not to damage the walls, stairs or doors.  Also, Katherine, at the moving company's office, was very understanding with our three changes to our move date.  Without hesitation, we highly recommend Umbrella Movers for their great rates, efficiency and professionalism.  Thanks U.M!
5 Amazing! Showed up before their scheduled time, packed everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, into the rental truck and unloaded as quickly as possible. Very friendly and not creepers. Very affordable and professional. Would hire them again in a heartbeat.
5 These guys really worked hard and were good at using every available inch of my storage container. They were worth every penny. I can't say enough good things about Paul, Tony and Anthony who worked on our move. Peace.
5 I can't say enough great things about Umbrella Movers!  We just needed 2 movers for a couple of hours to help get some large pieces of furniture up to a second floor condo.    We called while driving our moving truck cross-country.  Kathryn got us help for the very next day!  There rates are BEYOND great.  They are fully insured.  Mitchell and Anthony showed up a few minutes early, explained all the contracts and had me sign the insurance paperwork.  Incredibly professional and friendly, they got right to work and never stopped.  When we were finished, they called into Kathryn, she asked me if I had any questions/concerns/issues, explained the fees one more time and I signed the final receipt.  They immediately emailed me a final, detailed receipt.  We will DEFINITELY be using and recommending Umbrella Movers again!
5 I needed some furniture swapped in my house. Movers arrived a little early but no issue. They were great! Will use them again & highly recommend them. Thank you.
5 We have a huge house and we had these guys for 3 days. They were all great. They worked quickly, were very polite, and took care with items. They also packed some things for us. I have moved many times and these guys were the best!
5 Very happy with the service Umbrella Movers provided. Kathryn was very helpful over the phone, and explained everything clearly. All phone calls were returned promptly. Movers were on time and worked quickly. Movers were friendly and explained everything from start to finish. Would highly recommend Umbrella Movers!
5 Just got moved today by Umbrella Movers. The three guys that helped us out were polite, respectful of our stuff, and worked their butts off. I would absolutely hire them again and recommend them to anyone!
5 I just had their services yesterday and I have not even finish unpacking yet here I am writing a review for this efficient, wonderful and hardworking moviing company. Mitchell, Al and company were very very hardworking and was moving non-stop except maybe for 1-2 minute of water break at a very scorching and humid Las Vegas weather. I have always been wary about moving companies but they are as good even better as it gets! Kathryn meanwhile at the front desk answers all calls promptly and explains everything even giving advices on which u-haul truck to rent, payment, etc. Everything was right on the dot and I will definitely hire and recommend them again next time I move or to anyone i know who is moving.  I hired 4 people to do the move knowing it was so hot yesterday & I wanted to get it done right away...All in all for a 1700 square feet house (3 bedrooms, family room, receiving area + backyard equipment) & moving it to 2 separate houses (one which is 1600  sq/ft & another 2500 sq/ft, both 2 stories with steep stairs),  took them 3 hrs and 15 mins.  If this is not efficient, I don't know what is! Thanks again umbrella movers for making this stressful move a quick and painless one!
5 Umbrella loaded two trucks from our Queensridge Tower unit.  Fantastic job, and they even threw in an extra man. Highly recommend them.  We also used them for the final cleaning and the girl they sent was awesome.  5 stars+++++
5 This is the second time I have used umbrella movers. Again  Needed some more furniture swapped. They we great! Totally recommend them! Thank you!!!!
5 These guys are great. Paul and Tyrone showed up exactly as scheduled, worked hard on a very hot day without wasting time and were very professional.  It's not cheap to move and this was money well spent. Thanks to all they staff for coordinating the heavy lifting. You made a difficult task go very smoothly. I would recommend them for any in town move and will use them again if I move again. I'll wait for cooler temperatures next time.
5 This company was wonderful.  I booked 2 movers, and 3 arrived  I was not charged for the third guy, so I essentially got one mover for free.  They were very professional and clearly explained all the charges up front.  The charges/fees explained on the phone when I made the appointment were the same as what the movers told me when they arrived.  Nothing hidden or deceptive at all.  They worked quickly, but not so quick that they risked damaging my belongings.  They properly protected my leather couches, and wrapped my dressers in cellophane to keep the drawers from opening.  There are a lot of shady movers out there, and I strongly recommend Umbrella to get professional and fair service.
5 These guys are awesome. My dad had used them several times and really enjoyed their services. I had the opportunity of needing 2 guys to load a truck with furniture and not only were they on time, the two guys that did the work were excellent, professional and timely. I have used moving companies before for a variety of reasons, and I have to say that it would be nice if more moving companies had employees like the two we experienced this past weekend. I know one of the guys was Eric and the other guy I cannot remember his name (Red head, with beard). Eric was very memorable :-) If you need movers, I would highly recommend Umbrella Movers.
5 I was so impressed with this company from beginning to end!  I used their services to move furniture within the house from down stairs to upstairs.... Changed my mind a couple of times and they were so accommodating...  I had the "best" guys EVER!!! Eric and Coby!!  I will use them every time... Thanks guys!
5 On time, careful with my stuff, high energy and very friendly. Im going to call again tomorrow morning for help with new furniture I am getting for my place they just helped me move it to!   Highly recommended
5 I hate moving. I haven't had to move in eight years, so when the time rolled around, stress and anxiety set in pronto.  When I started asking around for recommendations, Umbrella Movers came up and then I read a few reviews, so rolled the dice with them.  I visited their website first and filled out the "Get a Quote" section.  I received a phone call an hour later from Kathryn, discussed the details of my move and set a time and date for the extraction.  On the appointed date, Eric and Tonathiu arrived 15 minutes early, ready to work.  I had rented a 17 foot truck and the guys did all the heavy lifting.  They finished in 3 hours and 15 minutes, which was 15 minutes more than I thought it would take, but I underestimated how much stuff I had to move.  I moved less than a mile from where I used to live, so it wasn't much of a drive, but we had to make two trips to the old house.  No damage anywhere and the guys did a great job.  They were friendly, efficient, and diligent.  Among the items moved were:  a fridge, dishwasher, couch, sofa, washer, dryer, stand-up piano, desk, futon, king-sized bed, armoire, TV stand, and big boxes o' stuff.  The move is finally done and, thanks to Umbrella Movers, that stress is finally over.  Now, where in the garage is my mixer?
5 I absolutely recommend Umbrella movers. They have great rates and provide a military discount. Both movers were extremely prompt, professional and courteous. Not a scratch on any of our stuff and they moved us in exactly 3 hours. Well done!
5 I highly recommend Umbrella Movers.  I just recently moved across the country from NH.  Hiring Umbrella Movers was probably the least stressful part of my move!  They were very accommodating, courteous, professional, and their prices are more than fair.  Not only do I recommend them, but I will definitely use them again.
5 We moved to town and had two of the Umbrella guys (Paul and Tyrone) unload all of our stuff to a second floor apartment. They were prompt and had a smile the entire time they were here. We originally though it would take 3-4 hours to have our stuff unloaded but they finished in a little more than an hour and placed everything where we asked. They even moved things around when we changed out minds mid-job. We will definitely use them for our next move. Great price for the excellent service provided!
5 Best set of loaders on earth! They were on time and had a very positive attitude. I would recommend them to anyone. I had a massively heavy treadmill on a second story apartment who had no problem loading it on my truck. I was moving from Nevada to California. Everything arrived intact thanks to their superb packing. Reasonably priced, too!
5 Very good when looking for moving labor.  Their rates are very fare and their guys are always polite and professional.  I have used them at least three times;  1) Moving from a house where I rented a room to my new apartment. 2) Moving additional furniture into my apartment that my friend gave me when he moved out of Nevada. 3) Loading my furniture when I moved out of Nevada.  They have been great every time and if I ever move back to the Vegas area, I will not hesitate to use them again.
3 I have used this company twice within the last year.  Overall they do a decent job.  I'll start with the first move.  The guys arrived a few minutes early and got to work right away.  They know their stuff when it comes to packing a truck.  Once the truck was loaded I have them my new address and we went there separately.  From the time they left to the time they got there it was an hour. (20 minute drive at best).  I was charged for this time.  As they left they told me they had lost the screws to my futon that was taken apart for transport but they were more than likely at my old house.  They were not.  The company was good about contacting the manufacturer and ordering replacement parts then coming to put it back together.  Other than that nothing was damaged, they certainly scratched and scuffed up the wall moving a couch up the stairs and got sweat/dirt stains on my couch.    The next move was this past Monday.  No up charge for a holiday but their rates have gone up.  The crew was about 10 minutes late and called to tell me so.  Loading the truck seemed to take longer than last time with less items.  They did a good job packing it though for a long drive.  We were a bit worried about space and had a conversation about if anything was to be left it would be our patio furniture if room became an issue.  They told me they were done, I paid them and they left.  There was a good chunk of room left in the truck but upon going back inside the patio furniture was left in the yard.  Half on the side of the house and half in the backyard.  The way the truck was packed I couldn't put these items in myself so I had to leave them behind.  Overall the service is good but I can't honestly give more than three stars for the issues I encountered.  I would still recommend to a friend and use them again if I still lived in the area.
5 I can't say enough good things about this company. From Kate who took my call to the prices, to the two great young men who arrived at my door on time ready to work. They were pleasant, considerate, and the hardest workers.  When I move again, this is the company I am calling.  It was a pleasure doing business with Umbrella movers!
5 Great prices and customer service.  They provide hand trucks and wrap. Very responsive to my request for time changes in start and finish.  The only thing I would have changed was to have 3 movers. ...one to load the truck while the other two move the items. I had a little personal drama at the time of moving and the guys handled it very respectively :) Will definitely use the service again !!!
5 As we all know, moving is one of the most disliked activities in the world. Thanks to Tony and Mitchell, the "big day" was far less agonizing...and they even kept our spirits up throughout the day. My mother in law and grandmother in law were moving from (2) separate homes in Las Vegas to (2) separate homes in Orange County, CA. Tony and Mitchell showed up on time on the day of the move (in Las Vegas), worked tirelessly to organize, secure and load all of the belongings. They took extra time and consideration ensuring all valuables were protected and safe for the long drive. At one point during the loading, it seemed impossible that everything would fit into the truck, but the guys pieced the contents into the truck like a puzzle and it all fit!!! We were amazed. The next morning, as promised, we received a confirmation call that they were leaving Las Vegas in the wee hours of the morning (3am!!!). We were to meet Tony and Mitchell at the 1st apartment at 9:00 am. They were not only punctual, they arrived early and they were ready to get started. Throughout the day, both Tony and Mitchell were extremely hard working, courteous, friendly, followed directions well, happy and pleasant. Not a single complaint...just happy faces. They worked to the extreme all day and never took a break. We were so comfortable with them and by the end of the day, we all felt like old friends. We appreciate the hard work that Mitchell and Tony provided us with. We will definitely use Umbrella Movers again, should the need arise.  RE: rates-rates were excellent and we are pleased with the entire move!  KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!!!  THANK YOUR FOR EVERYTHING.
5 Great company. Reasonably priced. They showed up a little late because of car troubles but called to say so...hey, it happens. Very professional and fast. Ran out of room in the truck I rented, didn't know I had that much s**t, so they put the last item, our tv, in their own vehicle. Went above and beyond...would definitely recommend them.
5 I used Umbrella Movers to load a uhaul truck I had rented for a move to Arizona. Paul and Anthony were so great. They were pleasant and super efficient. The movers who unloaded my truck even commented about how well the truck had been loaded. You can't beat this service for this price!
1 The following is my story about Umbrella Movers...  I was looking for a company to move a 2-piece breakfront from my garage into the house.    Catherine at Umbrella Movers was willing to waive the 2-hour minimum and was charging me $35 per person (2 people) + a $30 travel fee, making the total $100.00.  We scheduled the move for the following day between 3-4pm.  She was very pleasant and I was thrilled to be getting it moved quickly.  I got the areas ready for the "big move" and received a call at 3:40 pm from Catherine saying that "the guys were just wrapping up their last job, and are running a little late.  They should be there around 4:30".  OK - no problem - these things happen.  At 4:51 PM, I received a call from a man (didn't catch his name).  He told me that they had just finished the job in Henderson (I live in NW Vegas).  I told him, that I was told they would be here 20 minutes ago, and that they were leaving over an hour ago. He then asked "Did you talk to me - because I know where I am, and I'm just leaving the job.  I told him never mind, I called the office back and left a message for Catherine.  At 4:56, I got a call back from Catherine.  She started telling me that she was doing me such a big favor by waiving the 2-hour minimum and that they could still get the job done tonight.  I mentioned that my husband wouldn't be home later and I wasn't comfortable with 2 strange men coming into my home without him being there.  Her response was that "they aren't strange men".  Yeah, that makes me feel better.  It was obvious that she was not happy with me, but I really don't care.  I already waited 2 hours, and I haven't gotten any service - but the friendliness I got initially turned very sour.  She kept going on about how she was saving me money, how these things happen, how she squeezed me in - well, in reality - no money was saved (I lost on the deal - sitting and waiting), these things shouldn't happen in a professional setting, and obviously, she really didn't squeeze me in at all.  I'm hoping the company that is coming out tomorrow shows more professionalism - that shouldn't be difficult.  I'll post more after the move.  -
5 This is a great company to work with.  Setting up the appointment was easy and the guys were fast, courteous, and friendly.  I had a couple of pieces of HEAVY furniture that had to go up a narrow staircase.  I was somewhat doubtful it would all get up there OK, but they got everything where it needed to be.    I would totally use these guys again.  Also, unlike some of the previous comments I rented the truck myself and had it waiting for them when they arrived so their time on the clock was just moving.   Oh and one more thing, my wife underestimated the amount of big stuff we had to move and these guys were easy breezy about changing their schedule to give us time to finish.     In a word, Awesome!
5 Great company! They showed up right on time and took care of business! I had Paul, Juan, and Oscar and they moved me from my third floor apartment to a two story town house in 2 1/2 hours! They were right on time, very polite, and fast! Best moving experience I've ever had and I've moved 5 times in the last 2 1/2 years so I've seen my share of moving companies. Use these guys....they are awesome!
5 Umbrella Movers did a great job! I had two movers that helped and still made it within the 2 hour min. They were fast and very careful with our stuff. I would def higher them again!
5 Outstanding service. Over my career I've moved many times and so know movers. The team from Umbrella was one of the best. The arrived early and didn't waste my time. They got busy right away, were friendly, helpful and a pleasure to deal with.  I would highly recommend Al and the team from Umbrella.
5 I needed to move some product from my company's showroom in Las Vegas to a storage unit. I had a very small window of time to do this and I had to handle all of it remotely from Los Angeles. Based on the Yelp reviews, I reached out to Kathryn at Umbrella Movers. I'm so glad that I did! Kathryn was an absolute delight to work with. She took care of everything for me and made this a stress-free situation. I would highly recommend this company!
5 Pleasant experience overall. The guys were prompt, fast, friendly, courteous and efficient. Not to mention they were very careful with our heavy antique furniture (along with our other belongs) and newly Installed wood floors which was a big plus!!
5 So happy I found " Umbrella Movers"  Just needed a small job, a few hours .. Tony was the best! Will call them for Big and little Jobs.
4 $134.99 per hour for a 3 man crew with the truck. Very decent rates. The guys were friendly and effective. Moved a 2500 single story into a 2000 sq ft 3 story in 3 hours (including a 35 minutes drive from Summerlin to Henderson).   The only reason I cant go five stars is there was a little bump and scrap damage, nothing serious mind you but 2 walls and 3 pieces of furniture had some scrapes and scratches.  I will be using them again for my next move! All in all a very good service.
5 Overall had a great experience with this company. Yes, there were a few hiccups with miscommunication on times for arrival, however the owner made up for it with an additional 5% discount. Plus, she was very accommodating in having her crew assemble some furniture for me. The two young men were very efficient and professional which was quite impressive given their age. I would definitely recommend this company to others and would use them again in the future.
5 Hi. I found them on yelp and used them because of all the great reviews. Moving can be a total nightmare but this company sent decent people who did a great job. We used them two times in May for large moves and we were extremely satisfied. They made a miserable experience much more bearable.  Thank you very much. I have been ripped off so many times in the past, for once we moved and it wasn't actually all that bad. I would definately use them.
5 These guys! I can't say enough good things! We hired UM to pack our things and load them into our truck for our move.  What an amazing job they did(seriously, still sorry about my husband's office and garage, y'all knocked it out of the ball park!) All the guys were on time, professional, super friendly and worked their hind ends off and were so creative and efficient(they used every possible thing we had to help pack and cut down in costs! And we managed to come in under quote, I'm sure because of some of that!!).  We did have one table break in the move, but they are on the ball about getting it replaced/monies refunded(honestly, from Vegas to Florida, I'm impressed, it's a LONGGGGGG drive and for that too be the biggest issue, that's phenomenal!)   These guys are seriously the best, I'm so grateful for Yelp, otherwise we may never have found y'all!   Thank you Tony, Aaron and Anthony, for a great pack and load and also Kate and Kathryn, your open lines of communication and prompt responses/actions, sure helped this wife relax a little bit!
5 These guys are great at what they do.  They were on time, friendly, positive throughout, and very efficient.  I am so glad I called them.  Believe all the positive reviews because they are just that awesome.  I also hired their cleaning service to clean the whole house after move out.  The woman was positive (despite the AC breaking the day before).  She cleaned an empty 1800sqft house in 4 hours.  It looked ready to show.  Such respect for her and for Umbrella for offering such good services.
5 Wow! These guys know exactly what they are doing! I did not have to lift a finger and they securely moved everything into our pod. I have confidence that I'll be able to ship my most prized possessions halfway across the country knowing they'll be safe. These guys are strong and they're smart!
5 Best. Decision. Ever.  Mitchel, Justin, and Dennis from Umbrella were ROCK STARS! On time, friendly, funny, positive and just all around the perfect movers.   We moved one way to Henderson and they unloaded our two moving trucks like the pros they are. We could not have had a better experience.   Highly recommend them!!!!!!
5 We've moved eleven times - we've worked with Umbrella Movers twice now, would absolutely work with them again.   The first time was in February 2013 for unloading only of a 22' rental truck we had driven into Las Vegas from LA. We had a three-mover crew, an hourly rate and didn't need any setup once the truck was unloaded -it was just to get everything out of the rental truck and upstairs into a high-rise tower in Las Vegas. The three movers were motivated, energetic, so friendly and fast. They ended up finishing faster than estimated, even with the wait for the service elevator up and down from the loading dock/receiving area.   So, when we were caught in the position of having to move back to California last month, this company was the first thought for movers. We were packing everything ourselves again, but this time we inquired about having them handle both ends -the loading and unloading of the rental truck as well as driving it down to Glendale.   Kathryn and Kate handle coordination of the moves, quotes and information. They are friendly and easy to talk to. The prices are fair and quoted up front. You pay only for the time you use and a small fee for equipment - no hidden charges. They arranged to load the truck on one day, secure it inside our gated parking area overnight, the guys would drive it down to Glendale the next day and then fly home that night from Burbank airport. They gave an initial quote, understanding that the end total would change if the loading/unloading time took longer/shorter than expected - also compared pros/cons of transporting a motorbike inside the rental truck vs towing it on a trailer.   The owner Kathryn took time on the phone as well as in person to answer all of our questions and resolve all of our concerns before the actual moving date. She and Kate are spread decently thin and sometimes go out of the office to oversee moves personally. It can be unnerving if you think you can't reach someone but if you get the answering machine be sure to leave a message -they will get back with you and are nice as can be if you call again before they've been able to check messages. Good response to email/texts as well.   We requested three guys for loading- they advised two for unloading but we ended up with three as a bonus - again based on an hourly rate paying only for time used. Another bonus is that they acquired the truck for us in the morning and then brought it to the tower to load it up. We made the reservation and paid in advance with a credit card, then told the rental site that they would be coming for it and when. Umbrella will also handle the whole rental process themselves if you sign a release/give your credit card information so you don't have to go by the rental site yourself.    Juan, Paul and Tony showed up right when expected- smiling, positive, friendly and ready to jam. We had everything already wrapped in cardboard, boxed up or shrinkwrapped so there was no wrapping or packing required on their parts at all - it was just a matter of getting everything downstairs out of the tower and into the truck. They did an amazing job of securing the motorbike inside the rental truck, with heavy tiedowns and a ton of rope - then surrounded it with boxes. We had a 26' truck so they had more flexibility in loading - if at all in doubt on which size of truck to snag, choose the next larger size if at all possible - it makes it easier for the movers and cuts down on the loading time if they don't have to fit things into the truck like Tetris or a puzzle.   Once the truck was loaded, we made plans to meet up the next morning to be sure the guys had no trouble getting into /out of the gated area with the truck. The next morning, Juan and Tony were there - very nice, grinning and energetic and eager to go, just like the day before. They drove the rental truck down to Glendale, met up with us at the new location and were really patient while we were waiting for another moving truck to be moved out of the loading dock area (couldn't reserve it ahead). Once we were able to get into the area, things moved really quickly. They unloaded everything into the new apartment, working with another elevator and two long hallways. Everything arrived in perfect condition - they worked fast but carefully. All of these guys were just a pleasure to be around - great communication and teamwork with us for sure.  It was great to have the continuity for the whole move this time -one crew the whole way through. It was our responsibility to cover their airfare back to Las Vegas, a certain amount per mile for drive time, fuel for the truck, taxi to the airport, and flight time - as well as the truck rental /insurance and the hourly rate for the crews at both ends. Everything was quoted up front, no surprises, and it was a very realistic total for everything especially with our not having to drive. Everything went smoothly-hope to NOT be moving again for awhile but this was a really nice way to move.
5 From our initial quote to the final box up the stairs of our new home, the Umbrella Movers staff was extraordinary. They made so much more stress free and professional than we ever could have hoped for. Thanks Kathryn, Juan, Oliver & Albert! We'll recommend you to anyone and everyone we can.
5 We had four men to unload a Pod.  I had scheduled them 4 hours and it took them only 2 hours.  They were great, I would use them again. Thank you Umbrella Movers you are great.  10 stars from this family
