4 Having recently sampled a friend's home brew produce, and lapping up more of my fare share of the tasty stuff, I was intrigued by the claim of 24p per pint homebrew kits available at Alba Homebrew (although the owner claimed he had once brewed a barrel at 19p per pint). I demanded as much detail as possible on how to create such impressively low priced homemade beer and detail is what I got in abundance.   The helpful and informative owner took me through the basic steps of fermentation, barrel and equipment costs, choosing the malt and yeast mixture packages etc resulting in a convincing sales pitch.  A home brewing package can be  anything from £30 upwards and accompanied with the enthusiasm and guidance on offer from this miniscule home brew kit merchant I would recommend Alba homebrew as a solid foundation to start your beer making ventures.
4 My dad used to brew his own beer. It tasted like a sort of hoppy vomit. Really great. He used to make his own wine too, which he thought was brilliant. Yeah, not great.  Step forward Alba Homebrew. They'll actually show you how to brew your own beer properly. And not only beer, they do all manner of alcoholic delights. So it's sort of like doing it yourself, but leaving it to the experts at the same time. A win-win situation. If you are interested in brewing your own tipple I'd definitely recommend here. The owner is really friendly, he'll talk you through everything. And as Sam says, 19p a pint can't be bad...
5 We have a friend who brews his own beer and The Man and I have been talking about how cool it is for aaaaaaaages.  We kept saying "someday we'll have a house and will have space to brew our own beer for cheap!" Well, that someday is here.    We now have our own house, complete with a summerhouse in the back garden which is perfect for beer brewing exploits.    More importantly, we have a mortgage.  Mortgages are expensive.  We are also doing up said mortgaged house and consuming copious amounts of cool refreshing life-affirming beer at the same time.    In comes Alba Homebrew.  I was drawn in when I saw their sign on the corner which says something enticing like "Beer for as low as 19p a pint!"    I popped in to have a poke about and was greeted by the owner who is incredibly knowledgeable and incredibly nice.  He would be happy to chat for hours about making beer, sterilizing equipment, good beer kits etc.  I decided to buy a starter kit which is just about £80 and gets you everything you need to brew batch after batch of beer, including a first kit of your choosing and 40 bottles.  I was all set to go when he asked "have you brought your car?" Er, no.  "That's ok, I can hold the kit (two boxes of bottles and one tub of brewing goods) for you until you can bring the car this weekend"  Er, The driver of the car is the birthday boy.  "Oh right, well then do you live close?  I can just drop it off on my way home on Satuday." Seriously???   I was impressed.  Mega impressed.  This guy works every day in his store and after his work day is over, he's willing to bring a kit 'round to a customer's house to help them out.  He could have charged for delivery, he could have charged to ship, he could have held on to the goods while I took three trips to pick everything up, but he didn't.   I certainly won't be buying homebrew goods from anyone else.
5 I cheated.  I cheated and bought homebrew goods from another business and I now feel guilt.  Alba is small but perfectly formed and is, in my opinion, Edinburgh's best homebrew shop.
