4 Here lies the value of staff that enthuse about their job. The staff here are as unashamedly geeky as the interior suggests and for that I thank them.  Informative, always willing to suggest helpful tips on what to buy and eager to aid you on your way to the best deal: The staff at CEX are top quality.   Saying that, CEX needs such quality staff in order to persuade you to buy much of the second hand gaming gear on offer. You'll find stripped down computer parts, shelves of traded games, and random components for games consoles throughout. For the average consumer this will all seem a little alien and untrustworthy when it comes to submitting your cash.   Nonetheless, with the staff's help and keen eye you can pick up some computing bargains and rest assure that its in full working condition. The option to sell/trade your old gaming gear is a bonus too.
4 Cex is good and we all know it.  Just want to add on these reviews, that I went in here today looking for a replacement screen for my netbook and even though they didn't have it in stock, they sent me along to another shop which did have it.  Stand up guys!
4 Cex is the one stop shop for second hand games, gaming equipment, gaming consoles, phones, cameras, dvds, computer parts, computer shells and monitors, and various other stuff you may want to buy from a place like this. It's a bit like cash converter for geeks.  The staff are extreemly helpful and friendly, and the store itself is so big there is a hell of a lot of stuff packed in here, so take your time and have a look around.  Some of the items can be incredably cheap - like dvd's for 50p, but some of the hard ware like consoles or phones actually seem incredibly expensive, so finding the right balance is essential.  A great place for all your geeky needs.
5 A cross between Cash Converters, Gamestation and Fopp, Cex is every bit as fascinating as it sounds, and is the exact type of store I find utterly impossible to walk past. You can trade in games, DVDs consoles and mobile phones here, and while I'm not convinced about how much of a bargain you gwet when you're buying from here, the prices they give you to trade in your old games is often way ahead of their rivals.  You'll feel like a bit of a desperado doing it, but as someone who's long lost his last shred of dignity that's not a problem for me.
5 This game shop is much bigger than I expected it to be and they have a great selection of pre-owned console games, DVDs, consoles and mobile phones too.   Great if you want to trade some games in for new ones and great to pick up bargain titles, everyone is a winner here!  I had a browse around the DS section and was amazed by some of the prices; only £12 for Animal Crossing, £8 for More Brain Training and £15 for Professor Layton - unbelievable as they are among the top DS games and I've never seen any of them that cheap before, pre-owned or not.
4 With GAME and Gamestation on Princes St and so close to each other, one can forget about Cex, tucked away behind on Rose St.  Cex sells second hand DVDs and games, and hardware like phones, consoles and computer parts. It is better at this first part, games and DVDs, at least as far as pricing goes. But as pricing goes, it really goes. I have picked up a few bargains in Gamestation in my time but not nearly as many as in Cex. Actually the other day my friend asked me to go find the Matrix Trilogy. I ended up with all three films for £4.00. That's really quite good!  Some people seem to have a problem with buying second hand things like the above. I don't understand this. In fact I have a problem buying first hand goods when I know I can get an equally functioning version for cheaper. This is doubly so when there is return policy. What would a shop like Cex gain from selling broken second hand items?  A great shops for cheap games and DVDs.
4 I love that I am still finding some awesome shops in Edinburgh that I never knew about before.  Cex (no idea how they want us to pronounce it) is tucked away on Rose Street, and is one of the best shops of its type that I have seen.  It's a place where you can trade in games, DVDs, mobile phones and other electronic equipment.  They also sell all of these things, with some great prices.  You could spend £10 and come out with a lot of things if you hunt hard enough.  People will so often discredit buying pre-owned items, but for prices as low as those offered by Cex, it's difficult to say no!  This time, I just popped in for a browse, though I will be visiting there next time I want a cheap film or the like.  I wonder how long it will be before someone trades in an iPhone 4?  One can only hope...
4 I always go through phases when it comes to games. Sometimes I am totally addicted to the likes of Super Mario, The Legend of Zelda and Maro kart, but sometimes I couldn't think of anything I'd want to do less.  It's a love hate thing, it loves me, i hate it...  But to be fair, Cex is a brilliant place for those phases where I love it. It's got all the games you could want, and if it doesn't have them then they happily order them in for you. As Gavin M has mentioned, it's a good  balance between all the other game shops on the high street today, it's one of my favourites.  The staff are very knowledgeable and sincere, they want you to get what you want. They have a good deal too where you can trade in games, for a good price!!  They have everything you could want too - they have mobiles, cd players, ipods, most electronical items a young person today could want, they have, it's pretty good you,for good prices and really friendly staff.  The layout of the shop is good too they have everything you could want in a really easily-managed order. Well done Cex!
4 Everyone loves a bit of Cex (sorry, I had to go there before someone else did).  Seriously though, if you've not got into this shop you most definitely should. Cex is where the appeal of a second hand music store meets a games exchange.   When I first had a look around I thought it was merely the latter, as you are faced with the games section as you enter the store. I was impressed enough with that - there were a fair few, fairly recent DS games for a fiver, and some recent XBox games for under 20 quid. But when I turned a corner I was faced with even more mind blowing bargains. I spotted a Red Dwarf "just the Shows" boxset for a shockingly good 8 quid, and some recent stand up comedy DVDs for just under 2 quid. They had enough DVD's to rival Fopp, and an eclectic mix of music that is obviously a mish mash of everyone's exchanges.  Overall, I loved it. I have a few movies and CD's on my to do list that I'll pick up next week. Including a Dogtanian cartoon for 75p. He was my childhood hero and arguably worth so much more to me than that, but who am I to argue with a bargain like that? It's a steal!
5 Fantastic shops, I have been to quite a few Cex shops and every time I have purchased a second hand item from them, it has worked perfectly, which would actually suggest that they actually do give them a thorough check before they sell it on.  Many people have the idea that cex is merely just a pre-owned console games shop, but it actually sells an extensive range of electronic items ranging from mobile phones, laptops and computer components such as graphics cards and RAM. Cex actually do give very competitive prices when you do sell your old games and electronics on to them as well and they also give you the option of obtaining store credit instead at a better rate then the cash alternative. For example, they may offer you £50 in cash or £60 in store credit if you were selling your old phone to them. I would come here ahead of the likes of Cash Converters as I have had bad experiences with them in the past, and when me and my flatmates purchased an xbox360 from here last year, it served us well and was in full working condition.
