4 Quite a random shop, if I'm completely honest, but still great. It's somewhere between a run-of-the-mill corner shop that you nip to for a pint of milk and a newspaper, and a swanky deli where you go to treat yourself at lunchtime.  Unlike a lot of corner shops, the pasta salads they sell here actually have more pasta in them than mayo, and they're all really fresh. I'm not 100% sure if they're made on site but they definitely taste home-made.   The best thing about this place though is their bread selection - those huge big cristy loaves that you have to attempt to slice yourself (but never can) and are perfect for dunking in soup, fresh ciabattas, bagels, and of course the good old sliced loaf in a bag. If you're trying the Atkins diet, I'd recommend you stay well away from this place as just the smell alone will make you want to undo all your hard work.  It's a little bit more expensive than your bog-standard corner shop/newsagents (which is why I only gave it 4 stars), but it's worth it.
3 Salut is quite an odd, out of place shop. Located just on the edge of George Square, it ought to attract lots of students popping in for lunch or buying something for their dinner on their walk home from classes, but whenever I have been in, and I have been in a fair amount, I have always been the only person in the shop.   By far the greatest aspect of this store is the enticing display of breads and pastries by the window which taste delicious. The rest of the store just resembles the average corner shop. A lot of the food seems to be imported so it is quite expensive for what it actually is - I bought a tin of tuna here for £1.30. Salut sells all the essentials and I will occasionally buy fruit from here. I find the service slow and feel that servers posses a distinct lack of interest in the shop.
4 As everyone has said in the previous reviews, Salut is a bit of a bizarre shop to have in this area. Situated in the heart of Studentsville and a stonesthrow away from the city centre, the French orientated convenience store seems like its gearing itself towards the wrong kind of audience.  Saying that, it's a very charming store, and will attract business since it serves up good quality groceries and continental pastries.  Towards the front of the store, you are met with a generous dairy section and many croissants. They have some delightful pain au chocolat offerings, and some European high quality fruit juice.  As the other ladies have said, the rest is like a newsagents, selling the kind of mod cons you would expect from such an outlet (tinned foods, etc). But even though it can seem pricey for what it is, the produce seems to be of a very good quality, and there are some lovely little deli jars sure to attract a lot of interest from shoppers.  The staff were perfectly pleasant when I was in. Overall it's a nice little supermarket/deli, which is exactly what it promises to be in the title of the shop.
4 The other reviewers are right, this is a slightly odd little place but thats no bad thing!   Some of the good are slightly overprice (cereal, pasta, meat, cheese) but so is every corner shop which is essentially what Salut is. So if you live round the corner (as I do) this is a saviour, open till late you can pop out for loo roll, milk, bread etc in an emergency.  However, they also have fresh bread and pastries and serve takeaway coffee so it's also a bit of a life saver in the morning when you're in a rush.   It's also good as the guys who work there always seem so pleased to see me and always have time for a chat.  It is no place to do your weekly shop, isn't quite a deli  and maybe it is suffering an identity crisis but it serves all the purpose I need it for!
4 Not quite as French as it's informal greeting of a name would suggest, I entered Salut looking for a sweet treat, and so expected to find something vaguely pastry based and European. I left with a Boost. Given that along with Star Bar, that's as good as a chocolate hit can get, that's not necessarily a criticism.  Bear in mind there were plenty of French looking pastries and stuff on sale, as well as some grocery brands I'd never heard of. It was just that on this occasion, when presented with a store that mixes Continental charm with old fashioned British grit, I chose the latter.  We'll fight them on the beaches.
5 Y'know Waitrose? Y'know that magical effect it has on some grocery shopers (case in hand) who like to cook and eat delicious food stuffs. Row upon row of beautiful, exotic ingredients, obscure brands you wouldn't find anywhere else. Salut is like the corner shop version of Waitrose.  And by gosh you Edinburgh students are spoiled. Right in the middle of the student hub, just off Bristo Square, and right next to Napiers (a very lovely, but pricey, herbal remedy store) Salut is here for all your quick-fix grocery shopping, lunch, snack and evening meal needs.  I really didn't expect to see half the stuff I saw when I wandered in here for a bottle of water. As mentioned, there were obscure brands I hadn't heard of before including ones I recognised but can normally only get in stores like Real Foods: Eat Natural bars, Nakd bars, Tyrrels crisps, Delphi deli items like chickpea salads, fresh olives, and despite its relatively small size you could quite easily whip up a gourmet home-made mid-week meal from the ingredients. Good quality, better brands and quite indulgent.  But, what I also like, is that it still has all the regular things you'd need from a corner shop. Mars bars, crisps, fizzy juice. There's a counter of fresh sandwiches that was pretty empty at 5pm.  The other nice thing about Salut is it's so clean, orderly and fresh inside. Why do so many cornershops fall into disarray. People now expect that they'll have to side-step stacks of newspapers, squeeze past half-empty packaging mid-shelf stack and have grumpy staff. Salut really appears to take pride in its appearance, and the produce it stocks.  I'm actually very jealous of Edinburgh University students. Had this been my local shop I would have been cooking up mezze platters and Italian inspired pasta dishes with olives, anchiovies and sides of bruschetta on the dot.  Je suis tres impressed.
3 Clearly not long opened, on a site I'm sure wasn't previously an eatery, the cracks are still evident in the interior of this expansion of the Salut cornershop a couple of doors along the road. Seems it's yet to attract much custom too as the two of us were the only customers between 5 and half 6. Given it has a floor space larger than the other 2 or 3 similar establishments on the same small street that could prove to be a problem in the long term, as could managing to keep the place a decent temperature.  Service was ample but nothing special and it's debatable whether my 3 ham open sandwich(£5.50)actually had 3 or 2 types of that meat on it. 1 was decidely like luncheon meat too. Maybe the wrong season to be trying it out but on current evidence I'm not sure I'll get the chance to sample it in the Summer.
