1 If you can avoid going to this hospital I would STRONGLY recommend doing so. Your wait time in the ER will be at least 2 hours and then another hour waiting for someone to come see you. If they start you on antibiotics, you can expect another 60 minute wait for your medicine. We had a recent incident that I can't go in to for privacy reasons but all I can say is potential lawsuit. Every time I have come to this hospital there is a hassle, staff always takes the path of least resistance, and are sometimes just downright unhelpful.   I have also heard horror stories from other people about Del Webb. I'm normally not a complainer and usually have great experiences wherever I go, but it has been one thing after another with this place. If you can, drive another few miles to Arrowhead, Estrella, or Thunderbird. Even though they are all Banners, Del Webb must not invest in their staff or just don't care but whatever the case is, compassion and care is not anywhere on their list of priorities.
2 Almost as bad as Boswell. Almost.
2 I didn't have a good experience at this place, very long waits and staff didn't seem to care much.
5 My mom was recently admitted and she received wonderful care. The nurses were so nice and caring, even the housekeeping staff were great!
1 This hospital gave me the worst care, the most inept of anywhere I've ever been.  They also billed for services and medication that they did not give me, and when I disputed their billing they sent me to collections and refused to correct their errors.  I suggest avoiding ANY of the Banner hospitals, if you are looking for quality care during AND after your stay.  These people are just downright nasty.
1 My  partner  was  in  Banner  Del  Webb  Hospital  twice  in  a  six  week  period.  The  emergency  room  was  a  zoo  of  young  thoughtless  nurses  and  doctors. Very  poor  attitudes  and  not  listening  to  the  problem.  Young,  smart-ass,  know  it  all  attitudes.  Hospital  floor  3 D  is  the  pits.  Lousy  housekeeping,  bed  not  changed  in  3  days,  wastebaskets  not  dumped, floor  in  room  and  bathroom  filthy.  Toilet  seat  not  bolted  down  and  easy  for  an  elderly  patient  to  fall  off.  Some  staff  was  very  good  but  several  were  absolutly  terrible.  Whole  attitude  on  floor  3 D  needs improving.    Very  mediocre  place.  Avoid  Banner  Del  Webb  if  you  can.  Go  elsewhere.
3 I as here as a outpatient only! My experience was really mixed! Everyone was really nice, especially the volunteers. One of my problems was the delays! I came in at 9AM and was scheduled for a 10:30AM surgery. I was finally wheeled in for surgery at 2:30PM. I was able to hear everyone complaining to the head nurse that the patients need to be ready, and they have nothing to do until patients are all ready! Now besides that, my time there was very pleasant. My pre-op was also done very quickly three days prior to surgery. Overall you don't want to be at a hospital unless you are having a child! But if I had a choice! (And sometimes you don't) I would come back here.
1 I was treated in the ER, told I have a heart problem, new to me. Then I was stuck in their observation  ward for over 26 hours and no cardiologist ever showed up to check me! Twenty six hours of torture worrying about my heart! I finally left, found my own cardiologist. Stay away from this hospital! They just want patients in observation so they can bill the insurance companies BY THE HOUR!!
1 I wrote a letter to them to advise them of poor care & received a response. Their response contained false information regarding my stay and when I responded to that they ignored me.
5 Delivered my twins there and it was a wonderful experience. The nurses and doctors were wonderful. As a first time mom I was scared and had a lot of questions, they took the time to help me and work with my husband and I. If you can choose your hospital when it comes time to deliver, choose Banner Del Webb.
1 Update: To this day no one has responded to my numerous requests that they correct their errors on my medical file!
5 I've seen the negative reviews in regards to the ER, but long waits and triage is really what I'd expect from that.  This review is for the surgery and stay at the main hospital.  They have a pre-surgery orientation where they give you tour and go over all the information and get all your questions answered, they have a fantastic booklet they give you with information specific for your procedure, and in the back of the book all the staff that will be involved put their cards with contact info in case you need them once you are there.  In pre-op they put you in a hospital gown that has a lining in it and connect it to a heater that pumps warm air in.  The army of volunteers there will give you a ride to and from your car, keep the system updated so that the person with you knows exactly what step of the process you are in.  The person with you also meets with the doctor immediately following the procedure while you are recovering and then are taken to the room that you'll be staying at.  The rooms at this hospital are the most "homey" and comfortable rooms that I've been in.  There is a couch bed for whoever is staying with you and additional seating in the room for visitors.    The food is also very nice and you just order it from a menu.  From my experience of hospitals in the area this one is the one that I will continue going to.
1 This was my second visit at Banner Del Webb ER and it will be the last.  The  triage was quick, but once they get you in the glass room where there are other patients sitting around waiting for the PA to come and tell you what's wrong it when it  becomes the worst. 1. The glass room has stained seats and dirty floors.  The entire room makes you wonder what infection you can catch from just sitting on the seats.  2. You can hear every ones HIPAA information, ( it's a lawsuit in the making). 3. While we were waiting 3 hours for the PA to tell us something, not once did a nurse, CNA, volunteer come to check on us to see how we were doing, NOT ONCE!.  This was a slow day, the ER was not busy, yet were were ignored the entire 3 hours.  Finally I went to the DR, PA, nurses station and commented about how NO ONE has spoken to us for 3 hours. (Correction the billing lady came by to make sure she got the co-pay).  No one has checked on my daughter to see if her pain had decreased from the pill she was given in triage 3 HOURS AGO! Finally after informed the staff of their poor patient care..... my daughter is placed in ER room with a bed. The PA comes in and says we can't find anything wrong with you so we will discharge you with a script for the medication that we gave you earlier.  Which still had not helped with the stomach pain.  My daughter informed them again about being here because of the stomach pain and being pregnant and just wanted to know that the baby was okay; the PA said well it you will have to wait another 2 hours if you want a sonogram.......excuse me..... I would think if a pregnant woman comes in with stomach pains, the first thing you would want to do to relieve her anxiety is to inform her that her baby is fine.  Not at Del Webb.  The ER was full of non caring staff. I have read Banner Del Webb ER Mission Statement and the staff failed. I wonder if the staff has ever read it.  Banner Del Webb best ER to go to if you are already dead.
1 This was my second visit at Banner Del Webb ER and it will be the last.  The  triage was quick, but once they get you in the glass room where there are other patients sitting around waiting for the PA to come and tell you what's wrong it when it  becomes the worst. 1. The glass room has stained seats and dirty floors.  The entire room makes you wonder what infection you can catch from just sitting on the seats.  2. You can hear every ones HIPAA information, ( it's a lawsuit in the making). 3. While we were waiting 3 hours for the PA to tell us something, not once did a nurse, CNA, volunteer come to check on us to see how we were doing, NOT ONCE!.  This was a slow day, the ER was not busy, yet were were ignored the entire 3 hours.  Finally I went to the DR, PA, nurses station and commented about how NO ONE has spoken to us for 3 hours. (Correction the billing lady came by to make sure she got the co-pay).  No one has checked on my daughter to see if her pain had decreased from the pill she was given in triage 3 HOURS AGO! Finally after informed the staff of their poor patient care..... my daughter is placed in ER room with a bed. The PA comes in and says we can't find anything wrong with you so we will discharge you with a script for the medication that we gave you earlier.  Which still had not helped with the stomach pain.  My daughter informed them again about being here because of the stomach pain and being pregnant and just wanted to know that the baby was okay; the PA said well it you will have to wait another 2 hours if you want a sonogram.......excuse me..... I would think if a pregnant woman comes in with stomach pains, the first thing you would want to do to relieve her anxiety is to inform her that her baby is fine.  Not at Del Webb.  The ER was full of non caring staff. I have read Banner Del Webb ER Mission Statement and the staff failed. I wonder if the staff has ever read it.  Banner Del Webb best ER to go to if you are already dead.  ******Because of her bad ER experience, my daughter is now looking at other hospitals.
1 Do not go here if you have an emergency.  Triage was quick but the rest of the care was very slow even though the ER was empty that morning.  There were also four different nurses who came in and kept passing the job of taking blood.  They were nervous to draw blood-doesnt inspire confidence in patients.  They ran lab tests and did not give me any results.
5 The medical staff were great.  They got us in quick at e.r.!  They found us a room and scheduled surgery all during the e.r. visit.  Dr. Le explained the procedure in terms anyone could understand.
1 My friend was shaky, wobbly on his feet, trembling, weak and pasty looking.  Went to Doctor's office, blood pressure was 200/95.  Dr said he needed to be admitted and wrote a note to give to ER.  No doctor ever saw him at the hospital, only a PAC.  Took blood, urine, x-ray and cat-scan.  Didn't find the problem and would not admit him.  Even with his doctor's note written on his prescription pad, this hospital would not admit him.  If you love someone or even just like them a little, don't take them here.  Have to rate this facility, but if possible, I wouldn't give them even 1 star.
5 I delivered twins via c section at this hospital and my experience was a great one.  Staff was friendly, fast, and attentive.  Good was great and even though I didn't get to hang out too long in the birthing suite, it far surpassed any expectations I had.    The greatest thing was the level II NICU where my boys stayed for 6 weeks because they came premature.  The nurses were second to none.  Holding and comforting my lil ones when I wasn't able and explaining every step to me along the way.    I plan on going back to deliver my third, especially after taking a hospital your of a "normal" birthing suite at another hospital.  Banner is the way to go for happy deliveries!
4 My experience is with their out patient/day surgery unit.  We were warmly greeted at every step of the process.  From finding out where we needed to go, to registration, getting prepped and post-surgery, everything went pretty smoothly.  Friendly, courteous staff.  I was surprised thought how quickly they get you in and out.  Although I never felt like anything was rushed, I've been on the "waiting end" of day surgery and remember the whole process taking longer than 4 hours.  If I remember correctly, we were in by 0600 and out by 1000, give or take.  Don't get me wrong, I guess it's a good thing to get out of there as soon as possible but I was just surprised at how quickly it all happened.
5 I love this hospital. Their ER is so quick. I went in for an emergency appendoctomy and got right in.   Their staff is so friendly and caring. They made me feel special during my stay and took such good care of me.   If I need any surgeries in the future, I hope I would have the option of coming here.
1 Del Webb is the worst hospital to go to. Every time I have been here I had the worst care possible. When you tell them why you have come to the emergency room, they act almost as if you are lying. They'll put you in a room to sit in a chair while waiting for your results and not check on you to see if there is anything that you need and then when you need medicine you have to track down a nurse and ask them, only for them to tell you they have to speak to someone else first. Well then you wait another hour and have to go track down another nurse who then tells you that your original nurse (douche bag Chris) has taken a lunch and will be back later. So then you go through multiple nurses who give you attitude and act like you are the biggest inconvenience to them until you finally get someone who comes into help, but acts like a huge fucking prick. How do you neglect that there is multiple patients sitting all in this one room who need immediate attention and have been asking for help for hours? I finally flipped out and went off on every nurse who came in. What happened to being caring and compassionate towards your patients? Isn't that a part of being a nurse? I understand that you have long days and a lot on your plate, but it's no excuse to treat your patients poorly. I no longer will visit this hospital. Not even if I'm on my death bed. Don't get me wrong, there are less than a handful of nurses who are kind and actually care. I wish I had remembered their names, but they are wonderful. They didn't make me feel as if they needed to get me out as quickly as they can. They made me feel genuinely cared for. Thank you to you lovelies.
1 Most of the nursing staff on the. 6th. floor was taking forever when called in the room for help. So they were either understaffed or lazy . No excuse for what happened at this particular hospital!
