3 The steak baguettes here are great for lunch. Around £3 and with your own choice of a freshly baked bread rolls the Italian Deli offers a neat personal touch to your lunch. As with most deli's, soups and small portions of pasta are available too. All of which as cheap and reliably tasty.   With many other similar Deli's around the University of Edinburgh campus the competition is high and you'll likely find a cheaper deal. Nonetheless Italian Deli is always there for a tasty lunch.
3 I've somehow always known Deli Italia was always there but somehow failed to acknowledge its existence. I've walked past a million times but never really taken it on board. It's a bit like ghosts in the film the sixth sense....  Anyway my yelp senses finally forced me to accept Deli Italia's existence and give it a shot.  Delia Italia offers Mediterranean style meals as well as a selection of sandwiches, baguettes, snacks etc. I love Italian food (in small doses) so this deli really is my cup of tea. Unfortunately compared to the many other deli and sandwich shops nearby, Deli Italia can be a bit pricey for what you get. Though the quality is not bad by any means. When I first went in I tried one of their wee pasta dishes they serve which was pretty tasty, but again not as filling as the jam packed (sometimes literally) sandwiches I could get from down the road.  Not a bad deli and worth trying if you're lunching in the area. I may just need to pop in again and try some more.
4 At last... somwhere to get lunch on the go that doesn't come in a wrap! Whilst most pasta bozes you buy to eat on the go contian more mayonnaise than anything else, Deli Italia dishes up decent portions of homemade pasta dishes freshly made that day.  Although they do have the obligatory stool and window counter for you to perch at if you aren't in a hurry or, as is usually the case in Edinburgh it's raining/sleeting/snowing, it's very much a grab-and-go sort of café. If they have their cheesey pasta bake available when you're next in, I'd highly recommend it.  They also do the usual thins like sandwiches and baked potatoes, but you can get those anywhere. Although prices here are slightly steeper than other places, the food is worth it. The service is also really friendly too, and you can tell that they genuinely care about what you're about to eat rather than just how much you're puttig in their till.
