3 This isnt a hugely remarkable coffee shop - it has a few great points, such as it is well located near the university and it has very nice staff, but generally other than that, its just a bit standard.  The coffee isnt bad, even if sometimes its a bit too strong - and Saboristo serves a few snacky foods, but nothing to write home about really.  Generally, this place is good, if a bit unmemorable for me.
3 I had lunch in Saborsito only a few days ago, and whilst it was tasty and well-priced, the menu wasn't the most extensive and the whole place just seems to be lacking in atmosphere.   It's popuar with the students from the nearby George Square and so it must be doing something right.  The staff are friendly and unusually quick to process tour order.  I had a cheese and ham toastie with a cup of coffee which was pretty nice, but not the most filling lunch I've ever had.  They do, however, have have a good range of delicious coffees which are all ethically sourced and expertly ground.  I just had their standard latte and it was great.   Saborsito, with a bit of livening up, could be turned into first rate cafe.
4 Saborsito is a great place to grab a cheap, tasty luncheon on George Square. For four of your finest pounds you can get a chicken, beef, falafel or mixed vegetable burrito and, to be honest, that's pretty much it. There are also quesadillas and plain tortillas on the menu but I don't think I've ever seen anyone order one. A Saborsito burrito wouldn't cut the mustard for a true burrito snob but if you leave your expectations of a steamed tortilla at the door then you'll get a darn tasty, gigantic snack for your lunch. With rice, black beans, a few jalapeños, cheese and chicken or beef or veggies or falafels, splashed with sour cream and some kind of guacamole wrapped in a tortilla spread with salsa and then toasted in a panini grill you can't really go wrong. My only complaint would be that the half-sized small burrito (which only makes use of a single tortilla instead of two!) is a mere fifty pence cheaper making it always seem like a great idea to get a big one which is pretty darn filling. Anyway, I'll be heading there today because I left my darn lunch on the blinking counter top at home, but secretly I'm glad I did.
4 Nom! Okay, so hailing from Austin, Texas and moving to Edinburgh left a massive gap in my diet. I want my burritos! No, a large tortilla is not a wrap, it's a tortilla. This is not a taco, it's a burrito. Well, after a failed outing to Illegal Jack's (grossly overseasoned meat, bad ingredients bleh) I decided to try Saborsito.  The ingredients are delicious, the food is affordable and it's filling. Grant it, they use white rice and they don't have fajita beef, but it works. If you're looking for a replacement to Chipotle or Freebirds, this may be your best bet in Edinburgh.  Inexpensive, quick and tasty. Can't beat it! Their hours are a bit limited.
3 Yummy yummy yum yum! Post dentist impromptu wander round the George square area today, in search for take out lunch inspiration, led me to this wee place. I was drawn in by the "Mexican wraps" sign in the window. I was well chuffed to see a small burrito offering for just £3.50 so thought it'd be rude not to!   I opted for a chili beef burrito that came with  rice, black eyed beans, cheeeeeeese!, guac and salsa (I didn't want the sour cream which is also included). It was described as small but it was jam-packed with filling!! Overall, it was one tasty burrito! 100 times better than the crappy pulled pork one I ate from the pop-up place inside the fringe assembly area called "Betty goes to Mexico". No, this one was moist, spicy, tangy and cheesy. People looked jealously on while I slurped and nibbled on it (doing a classic vertical head swoop movement to avoid drips!) whilst walking back to work. Multi tasking or what!?  I'm still hunting for the perfect burrito so have left room in my scoring for improvement. But it was pretty darn good. And cheap! :)
