4 I think I've finally learned the difference between Nepalese and Indian food. Whenever I see a menu claiming to be Nepalese I always feel a bit cheated to see familiar things like Biryani and Tikka Massala on there, but apparently the difference between the two is that traditional Indian dishes are much creamier and coconut-based, whereas Nepalese is based around tomatoes and lentils.  That's one of the things that's so good about The Ghurka - you go for a curry but don't leave feeling like that girl in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory who swells up into a giant blueberry and has to be rolled out of the room.   We went for lunch, where you have the choice of the á la carte or their £5.95 Set Menu. A main from the á la carte costs about £6-9 so we thought the set meal looked like great value for money. Also, you got a choice of at least 5 or 6 different things for each course, and it wasn't a buffet, which is always a bonus.   With your main course, you had the choice of whether it came with rice, chipati or poori, and I have to say their poori are easily the best I've ever eaten in my life. When the waiter set the plate in front of me with 2 huge ones on it, I thought I was never even going to get close to finishing them both myself. I did.  I can't review this place without mentioning this one thing though: on the lunch menu, although you have a choice of loads of different meats/fish/prawns, and you can choose the spice level, it's still just described as "chicken curry" or "lamb curry" etc. It doesn't exactly give off the most exciting impression of the food, although when it came we did all agree it was delicious.  Also, this is an ideal place to go for a chilled out, relaxed meal. I wouldn't eat here if you're in any sort of rush, as the service wasn't the fastest.  Definitely worth a visit though.
3 Friendly enough and good service. Menu is OK but not very exciting. Interesting to see Nepalese dishes, though these ate not super exciting. A good local "curry house"? Definitely.
4 We needed something quick to eat before the cinema & so we thought we'd give this a try. The service was efficient & the food was really tasty. I had the chicken dhansak and it was one of the best I've had in ages. If you're in the area it is worth checking out.
