4 With it's swanky lago, clean and crisp interior and the odd incense stick burning away on the counter, The Curry Leaf is a refreshing alternative to your usual take-away curry. Out of ideas and with little patience to cook for myself I've opted for The Curry Leaf's classic lamb rogan josh on many occasion, followed by their light and fluffy naan breads.  The classic dishes are inexpensive and with a home delivery service I see no reason to claim that The Curry Leaf offers everything you could possibly want from a Indian take-away service.   Top stuff.
4 My flatmates and I was first made aware of The Curry Leaf when they posted a flyer with their menu under the door of our flat.  It literally sat there on the doormat for about two months until one night in December, whilst in the throes of exams, we decided to order a curry.   Their menu is extensive, offering chicken, beef or lamb in a wide variety of sauces and all for more or less the same price.  Further, they serve vegetable curries for only about £4.50.  I ordered the lamb balti with plain rice and a shawermah naan.  In total, and including delivery, it came to £40 between four of us which seemed like a lot but it was delicious and we were absolutely stuffed by the end of it.  We even had left overs to put in the fridge for lunch the next day! My only criticism is that the shawermah naans turned out to be just plain despite us paying extra for them. Regardless, however, The Curry Leaf serves excellent food at reasonable prices and is definitely worth a visit for a late night Indian feast.
4 Started just over a year ago, Curry Leaf is one of the most upscale Indian takeouts I've been to in Edinburgh. It's owned by a friendly guy called Riaz, pictured, with his very friendly pose! It's located in the peaceful area of Bruntsfield and is the only one of its kind that I'm aware of in the area. Strictly a take out business, there's not even the pretence of a table or two, and from the semi-long wait and cooking sounds I could make out in the background, the food's freshly made, and it tastes that way. It was a friend's delicious meal of Chicken Bhuna and Peshwari Naan that led me there. I suppose I have simple tastes, but I'm more enchanted by this naan than anything else:- it has coconut in it! Definitely a great side to the meal, which also didn't disappoint. The rest of the menu is quite extensive, and is very fancily worded! It's more expensive than your typical take-out, but once you take a look at the menu and the décor you'll figure out why!
4 Hoocha wawa.  My take-away heaven. Fresh, simple and hot! The curry leaf in Bruntsfield is so unlike the standard take-aware fare that it deserves it's own yellow pages category.  I don't stray too much up and down the menu these days, sticking with the gourmet jalfresi and a brace of chapati. It's damn hot, but gets those endorphins screaming.  What's more it's licensed to sell beer so you're never going to get caught out at home sucking an ice cube and crying like a baby when you've chewed through a chilli. Portions are big, but probably match the price. I'm not a huge fan of the rice-the first couple of times I ordered i felt I had to have it, but I think it's better with a couple of chapatti now. I'm going to keep on coming back until my chilli gland shrivels and dies and leaves me to korma hell.
1 No Cure for Common Cold  I wanted a really spicy curry to clear me of the dangers of the imminent cold I felt coming on, and was driving home from work through Bruntsfield. Knowing very little about the curry houses of brunters I took pot luck at this place.  It's a well presented take away, which was part of the allure, and I had heard about them before. The menu was relatively standard, and I chose a Jalfrezi as I know this is a standard safe bet spicy number. Garlic Naan and a couple side dishes - yes I know, I am a pig.  So, firstly, flavour levels were low, particularly in the curry, naan was fine and sides were a complete non-event. Secondly, there was next to no spice in this curry, now I know the brits apparently can't handle spice, but I can, and was bitterly disappointed at the lack of effort here.  Seriously, take my advice and don't waste your time.
