4 poundland is a nice and quite big shop in the st james centre.Its good because everything in the shop is a pound and its got a wide variety of things to choose from.
3 Poundland is every student and skint person's dream. For those not in the know, everything in this shop cost £1, yip only £1. The stock ranges from practical and useful items like toothpaste, loo roll, candles, pens and paper etc; to fun stuff like glow sticks and face paints (told you it was every student's dream...). There is an amusing section with books and DVDs where you might find such gems as Chico's autobiography or Harold from Neighbours' Work Out video (these titles are made-up, but it gives you an idea of the kind of ridiculous things available - I once came across some soft porn, seriously..!). The stock seems to vary with every delivery, so you can never be entirely sure of what you're going to find - you can be certain of one thing though, the price is always going to be £1.
4 I love Poundland. A quid for everything! What a marvellous idea. I particularly like 24 Oxo Cubes for a pound. Everything you need is in this store, pants, toiletries, cat food, kitchen utensils... and all for a pound!   One Christmas me and my friends did secret Santa from the pound shop. My friend bought me Feminine Hygiene Wash and a book on salt. I returned the favour with a book on different uses of vinegar. That sums up the quality of the goods in here. Fantastic!
4 Good old Poundland, whenever I go in for a browse I come out with a whole bunch of stuff I had know idea I even needed or wanted. It's particularly good at Halloween time when they go all out with decorations and you can decorate your room with fabulous items for you've guess it... one pound, the same items can also be found in other stores for a much higher price.  In addition to novelty items, they also have a range of household goodies and food too and not just made up brands, they stock many household names.  This particular branch is always choc-a-block, the people of Edinburgh don't mess around when it comes to snapping up a bargain. It's well stocked and even though quite chaotic, it's well organised and there's always plenty of staff on, just in case you're not sure of the price of something...
4 I LOVE POUNDLAND. WHAT MORE CAN I SAY.  No matter how much crap you want, you can get it at Poundland for £1 (per item). Or, for you more mathy technical types:  n = items of crap  Total cost of items: n x 1 = £n = BARGAIN.  (range of goods is good (once saw a girl in front of me buying her pregnancy tests here - although she bought three which is probably a good decision considering they are £1 each :S) however I've found the Pound Saver stores sometimes have a larger range of items...)
4 Time to get down the Poundy for your cheap thrills. Everything a pound or less. This is the place for low-cost toiletries like shampoo and condish, name brand toothpaste and toothbrushes, hair ties, cheap ibuprofen and paracetamol, cheap gardening supplies including plants and those solar lights, cheap art supplies, wrapping paper and greeting cards. Junk food is extremely well-represented but I never buy it. So you can pay £3.60 for facial wipes in any other shop or get 2 packs for a pound here. No brainer.
4 I like this store. It's new and well stocked. It sells loads of stuff, if you're looking for something and don't want to pay over the odds then I usually check here first. It's the best store of it's type in my view, better than Poundstretcher whose Edinburgh stores are very grubby inside, better than B&M whose stores are only out of town and better than many supermarkets for value.  I didn't give it a full 5 stars because value is relative. Some items are cheaper than £1 elsewhere if you look around and it's easy to spend more than you intended because the impression is of so much value but you can buy junk you don't need if you get carried away.  Another reason I like this store is the ambience. It is a nice ambience and staff appear happy and good spirited which is a big help!
