5 Best preschool and daycare center in the West Valley  My wife and I looked at every daycare/preschool in the Avondale/Tolleson/Goodyear/Buckeye/Litchfield Park area when we moved here.  Primrose School stood out as the best option by far.  We are fans of Piaget-based learning and development programs.  The time and stage of development is important, so it's valuable if you can find a school that fulfills the character, educational, social, and physical needs of your kid.  The Velardi family and the staff they have put together teach to those goals and earnestly care for our daughter and her friends.    Over the past 18 months, we have seen very little turnover and both teachers and school staff communicate exceptionally well with parent.  Special events like the holiday show and parents night out are a nice touch.  And we are very pleased with how our little girl is developing.  We've made some long-term friends.  Couldn't recommend a preschool any more than I do Primrose at Palm Valley.
5 We have joined the Primrose family approximately 4 months ago and couldn't be happier. We have tried  two different preschool facilites in the Goodyear area and were EXTREMELY disappointed. Primrose is by far the best! The teachers are so friendly and my kids actually enjoy going to school. They have a lot of fun activities for the kids, learning stations for the preschoolers and extracurricular activities offered as well. We are going to our first event the school has organized outside of school and the kids are super excited. Management is always visible and there to answer any question or concerns. I cannot say enough great things about this school. They are workable with the schedule and dress code. Super glad we found Primrose!!
5 We started sending our son to Primrose right after he turned two and my husband and I both agree that it's one of the best things we have ever done for him. He flourished immediately in the care of loving teachers armed with an excellent curriculum. If we hadn't moved out of the area, we would have gladly kept him there.  Special shout-out to Ms. Ferrer. She was a truly fantastic teacher who nurtured our son and was instrumental in his growth.
