1 I haven't even lived there and I'm writing a review because of how horrible my phone call was just now. I talked to a leasing agent who basically did not listen to a word I said. I was very clear in my needs and what I wanted (1 bed, no pets, etc etc), and she sounded like she was reading a script the entire time. Telling me about the amenities and the wonderful parking and blah blah blah, I finally had to ask her just to give me the prices. I said I wanted a short term lease, under a specific budget, and needed to move in by a specific date. Continuing with reading off a sheet of paper she starts listing all the 1 bedrooms they have that are out of my price range, exceeding the date I need, and not even considering the short term lease I asked for. When I finally said "It sounds like there's nothing there that fits what I need, thank you" she hung up on me! If this is how they treat prospective tenants... yikes.
1 Staff is great until you move in then they do not give a damn about you. Everything is falling apart even though they apparently remodeled the place. The walls are super thin you can hear a fly fart. I think the cops are here almost every other day. Supposed to be a a gated community, oh yeah they have one gate that is open every day until 6pm and the walls are about 3' high and they have openings so you can just walk in off the street. They refuse to get cameras and they have 1 security guy that walks around and things are still being stolen. The overall look of the place is great that's why it got one star. I suggest finding somewhere else to live, as I cannot wait to get out of here. Nothing but problems since the first day we moved in (several months ago). All of the GREAT maintenance people left and the new ones take forever to get stuff done.
1 Would not recommend this place. When you move out, there are tons of fees that they charge on to you, that are not listed anywhere else. They try and nickle and dime you for everything. Even we the are going to replace the carpet every time someone moves in, they still charge you a huge fee. What kind of hospitality is that when we lived there that long. I thought they were only supposed to keep your security deposit, that is not the case.
1 I am convinced either the maintenance team or a vendor stole my camera out of my apartment while doing repairs. I can't prove it and the apartment is doing nothing except saying no one would ever do that. Cameras just don't disappear and they were doing maintenance on and off for two weeks in my apartment. The complex referred me to their attorney, Chris at Scott Clark Law Firm, who said (to this extent) the apartment complex is not responsible for my property. He said I  can only go after the vendors, but I don't know if it was a vendor or complex staff that took my camera. So, the bottom line is this complex is not taking any responsibility, not compensating me, or giving me a rent credit. Ridiculous. I do not trust this place and would never tell anyone to move here. This is not my only "beef" with the management, or lack thereof, but when it comes to items being taken from your home with no accountability whatsoever people need to know!
1 Terrible leasing company, oh my god. I lived there for two years and when I moved out, I got a huge bill with a LONG list of random cleaning and miscellaneous fees. I couldn't believe the extent they nickel & dimed me, very disappointing. It's a nice complex, good location, but after experiencing their customer service, it's not worth it -trust me, keep looking, you will find a MUCH better complex in the same area. Maintenance was also so-so, it took three separate requests on my part to get them to fix my ice maker. The office lady was very condescending on numerous interactions, and overall it's just an unsatisfactory place to live.
1 I've lived in several different apartment complexes but this one has to be the worst I've ever had to deal with.   At first it seemed like everything was fine, the place seemed decent enough and it was conveniently located. But as soon as everything was signed and done, they changed their behavior. The front office people became condescending, closed off and rude. Trying to get them to help out with any issue took more than one phone call EACH TIME.   The apartments were cheap, as others have said, you can hear EVERYTHING. Things break and the issues aren't addressed, because as i said before, trying to get their help is impossible.  Simply put, just stay away. They just want your money and that's all they care about. They'll treat you great before you sign and then they'll just screw you over. If I could give zero stars I would.
2 The apartments are in great shape. The maintenance crew is so friendly and helpful. The hardest part for me is how rude the manager is. I like Christine! She is the one who signed us up with our apartment. I think she would be a great manager! The current one is so snotty and rude. She makes me feel bad for having to pick up packages that the post office sends me. She also got mad at me for requesting the office to print out something for me. The resident business center printers haven't worked here for 10 months and I needed something printed out. Part of the reason I moved here was the business center because I need it for school. Anyway, unbeknownst to me, I wasn't allowed to request the office to print 57 pages. The guy at the desk printed it anyway and the manager got mad at me! She scowled at me as she handed them to me. She is the definition of a B****. I have never encountered anyone so rude, especially from an apartment complex.
