4 With the likes of Greggs dominating the high-street bakery/pastry market its refreshing to try something a little different.  Difference comes in the form of The Pine Tree: selling bread, rolls and cakes based on traditional Polish recipes.  Eyeing up a tempting iced donut, I took a chance and bought one. Something was different and I just can't quite put a finger on it: The Jam filling was more gelatinous than oozy, the taste of the dough had a slight cinnamon tinge, and the icing had a zingy sweet flavour.  The end result is a tasty refinement of an American classic...or wherever donuts originated from. The Pine Tree offers much more of the same refined bakery products and at an affordable prices. Give it a try.
4 The Pine Tree Bakery's been hidden behind a monumental amount of scaffolding lately, so it's kinda hard to see what's going on, but the smell of fresh bread is all you need when it comes to bakeries and they've got plenty of that.   They also sell loads of pastries that look like they've been made with such care it's kind of touching. Pastries that look like the should be framed and not eaten. But if you decided to do that you'd be missing out on a helluva good culinary experience.   Located just across from The Cuckoo's nest, it's almost overwhelmed by all the little shops that Tollcross provides. But never you worry, they're still kicking.   The inside of the shop is really interesting too. Kind of empty, but with a beautifully warm colour. The staff are really helpful too, and will inform you of the ingredients of all the separate pastries if you feel like some of them might look a bit too risky.
4 It's not easy living next to this bakery and I do have to walk past it every day.  My problem is that every time I walk past, I'm tempted into buying some of these not only delicious, but very pleasing to the eye baked goods.  Indeed if I gave into temptation every time I passed I'd soon be of a monumental size.  Baked solely from Polish flour and they do mean that, because I've seen the lorries delivering it and boy that is a lot of flour.  If you are Polish, this will offer a bit of home comfort.  When you buy any of the goods on offer from here you will hesitate to eat them such is their appearance, but no matter how good this appearance is, you'll never regret eating it.
1 I do not like to give bad reviews but I am afraid I have to for once.   Fancied some pastries for breakfast one Saturday and wanted to try something different from the usual Scotsmid Danish (which, in passing, are not bad), so decided to go to the Pine Tree bakery.  I was 'greeted' very rudely by a woman emerging from the back and when asking if they had anything cinammony (well, those twisty did look like they could be cinnamon things) I was told it was cheese and poppyseed bread.  I was also given the option of jam donuts, of which I thought, 'oh why not, once in a while'. I thus ordered a couple of jam donuts, which I thought were pretty cheap (only about 80p).  Anyway, did not think more of it and headed home.  Opened the bag and realised there was only one (obviously explained the price).  After trying the donuts, it appears that they were very 'doughy' and had hardly any jam. Such a disappointment. I'll never go to that place again.  They might have interesting bread but their customer service is awful.  From Tollcross, it might be worth taking the 10 min walk to La Barantine up the road, as I have heard good things about it! Next on my list!
4 I like this patries as i have had the same one three times in a row, however the service can be abrupt coming across as a wee bit rude.
3 Seems like a decent little bakery. This review will be short and sweet because I didnt spend much time inside. Bought a simple loaf of bread. Place smells amazing so I was brought in by my nose. Staff seemed fine to me and the cakes and pastries all looked yummy. The bread is really good, I enjoy it with a little butter. Seems like a good bakery I will have to come back again and stay a little longer browsing and talking to the staff. Also want to try some of those mouth watering goodies :)
