3 India Garden opened up recently and they offer both lunch and dinner buffet.  Food selection is fairly good but I have mixed feelings about the place being a 100% buffet focused operation, even though a menu is available just in case you would like to order something different.  Buffet had about 4 vegetarian entrees and 1-2 meat entrees, potato pakoras, dessert, and came with freshly made plain or garlic naan.  Not all items were hot, but nearly all were rather tasty.  Prices were reasonable.  Parking is ample.  Very open space kind of place, with an old wooden bar that isn't really used much for a bar.  I was a bit surprised to see 5-6 draft beers available.
3 Before I even start to review India Garden I need admit that I am an Indian food novice. With that being said it should come as no surprise that I do not have any prior taste of Indian food to compare my meal to, so I am just going to wing it.  As a recently new vegetarian I've been trying to find restaurants that are very veggie friendly, I thought Indian food would be a perfect fit, and if course it was. Before I walked in I had no idea this was a buffet, I wasn't really in the mood for buffet style dining at the time so I was happy to hear they had a regular menu. I started with the assorted vegetable appetizer, it came with broccoli, zucchini, and I think something that resembled squash (whatever it was, it was tasty) everything was fried which I wasn't super excited about but hey a little fried food every once in a while couldn't hurt, it also came with potato pakoras which were fantastic. For my main dish I had  the mushroom matter, it was good but not great, again I don't know if I didn't really like it because I haven't yet become acclimated to the tastes of India or if it was just missing something, it lacked a little flavor. My boyfriend, Sammy  had a shrimp curry dish, he liked it but be sure you really like spice if you tell them you want it hot, he can usually handle extremely spicy food and he was sweating from the heat of his meal they are not messing around with that spice.  The service was good, quick and friendly.  The ambiance it ok, it seems a little too open, and since there is no hostess up front when you walk in your right at someone's table which is a little awkward.  All in all I will probably go back here just to try a few more items but I don't think I am going to make a habit of it.
5 My wife and I were very excited to find an Indian restaurant in the West valley.  We had been driving all the way to I-17 and Bell road to get our Indian on and now we have a much closer alternative!  We have been there three times and they have more than exceeded our expectations.  The buffet is terrific and varied with food that is piping hot (so be careful!).  As a vegan, I was pleased to see a salad, fruit and vegetables section of the buffet.  Again, the food is delicious and the service is attentive, don't hesitate to try it out!
5 Indian food being my favorite food in the world, i have high standards when it comes to trying new restaurants. I have been to Indian restaurants all over the country, and even many in Europe, so i think it's fair to say i know my indian food! This place is, without question, GREAT! For starters, the atmosphere is wonderful which is such a HUGE breath of fresh air from all the other run-of-the-mill strip mall restaurants that do nothing to enhance their interior. Very tasteful and classy inside, beautiful decor and beautiful bathrooms. Another plus is that Indian music was playing throughout the speakers. Call me crazy, but i think that is wonderful. Many of the ethnic restaurants i have gone to in the west valley love to have large tv's blaring for some reason. It was nice to actually have some soothing calming native music playing while we ate. Waitstaff was fantastic and even offered us complimentary naan which we did not order.   I have been several times now, and this place never disappoints. Twice I have ordered off the menu for dinner, and twice I have eaten the buffet for lunch. This is, in my opinion, the best Indian restaurant in all of Phoenix, and i have been to many.   The food has always been very fresh. I am vegan so i can't speak for any of the meat dishes, but I've had a wide range of the vegetarian offerings and all have surpassed my expectations. This tastes like food I'd get in New York City.  For those that have commented on the language barrier, give me a break! What do you expect when you eat at an ethnic restaurant. Cut the waitstaff some slack. They have always been very generous and accommodating -- very friendly people. Make a little effort to get your order across to them, and you won't be disappointed.
3 Good, but not jump over the moon great.  The masala was good, specially if you like a more tangy masala.  Boyfriend and the tandori chickens, which was also good.  The naan was delicious.  The food wasn't greasy, and the flavors were cleaner and tangy. We will go back again - but we wouldn't drive out of our way to eat there.  Generally a positive experience!
5 This has become our favorite restaurant on the West Side of Phoenix.  We love Indian food and go to Indian restaurants a lot.  We just spent several years in LA, and ate at quite few of them.  India Garden's food is as good as the best ones we tried in LA. We love the buffet, both for its panoply of intense and interesting flavors and because my boyfriend can eat all he wants. The family members who own and run the restaurant are both very friendly and very professional.  Service is attentive and accurate.  They already know my name and that I'm a vegan, and often offer to make an extra vegan dish for me even though what I have chosen is the buffet.  The naan is lovely and they supply it generously.  I like the big airy room, and the beautiful curtains the owner made herself.  I, too, love that they play recordings of Indian music.
4 We had the lunch buffet. The food was great -- fresh, flavorful -- spice levels appropriately adjusted to American palates. The staff was helpful and attentive. The restaurant itself was clean and the atmosphere was pleasant. We'll be back!
3 Last night was our Anniversary and Indian is our favorite so on a strong recommendation from a co worked we celebrated here.  The place is big and nice inside and it was very clean. It was 8:30 when we arrived so the buffet was pretty empty so we just ordered off the menu. we both got Indian beers and they came in frosty mugs so we loved that. we ordered veggie samosa and they were straight off the buffet so they were heat lamp warm, disappointing since we ordered them off the menu we figured the would be hot and fresh. I ordered the vegetarian dinner with paneer tikka masala, the paneer had been sitting in the sauce a long time as it was orange all the way through and was as chewy as a rubber ball, didn't eat it. the rest of the meal was good but the temp of everything was like it had come off the buffet, we also like our Indian HOT so we ordered accordingly and there was NO heat in anything we got so they brought us some hot sauce to add to it and that was super mild as well :( my dinner also came with dessert and coffee or tea I ordered tea but it never came and my dessert again was brought off the buffet.  Our bill came to $51 +tip so kinda pricey but we did have a beer each. There was a strong language barrier between us and the waiter we kinda felt like we were on a customer service call and we had been patched over to Indian and couldn't quite get on the same page. the rest of the people that worked there were nice and helpful but I don't think we will make the drive out again as we live in Arrowhead .
2 i feel that indian food is pretty standard, so when you can not live up to the expectations of 'average' you must be doing something wrong.  came here for the sunday lunch buffet and it sadly was not up to snuff.  the chicken quality (both tandoori and makhani) wasn't fresh, nor was the curry tasty.  the same can be said for the mixed vegetables.  the chickpeas were good but that was really it.  even the sweet lassi was too watery (way too much ice).  overall atmosphere and location is nice; sizable space and clean, friendly staff.  but it you are looking for good food, just drive by and don't slow down.
4 Had dinner here for the 1st time tonight and overall very good!  Indian is not my favorite food but what I had was good.  My wife and mother really seemed to enjoy it as well. - I like the plain nan vs. the nan with Garlic.  We will certainly be back, thanks!
4 we have been to this place twice, after my colleague recommendation. The buffet was fresh, nice options, and service was good.  We had lunch buffet, i guess for around $10...  lot of options,, we will probably go there again//
4 Our fave India restaurant closed in Goodyear, so we decided to try this India Garden.  The restaurant is big and open.  Bollywood music videos were playing on the TVs.  When we got there we were the 2nd table of people in the whole place.  They serve both menu and buffet.  We opted to try the buffet since it looked good.  We headed for the buffet.  The dinner buffet consists of twenty different items.  I got the Basmati Rice, Tandoori chicken, chicken masala, Vegetable Samosa, and Kheer.  Everything was wonderful.  There was a lot more in the buffet, but I over did it.  Oh, also naan (we got the garlic naan) is included with the buffet, they will bring it to your table FRESH!   And hot chai tea.  All that was $10.99 per person.
4 Stopped in here for the Lunch Buffet today, joined by Mike C.  This is a fairly large place & nice inside.  All of the food was good too, & the table service friendly.  My favorite foods today were the hot, tasty naan bread, with butter, garlic, & other seasonings, the Chicken Makhni, & the Keema Matar ("lamburger"), which can be blah at some places, but was tasty here.  This is a good place!     :-))  Lunch Buffet is $9.99 7 days, & includes 3 extra dishes on Saturday & Sunday!  Dinner is $10.99 7 days.  There's also a regular menu available & a full bar.
4 Had lunch here with Rand H. and found this place to be above average for an east indian restaurant .The restaurant it self is big and very well decorated and the food was good.The trays that stood out the most were Keema Matar,Chicken Makhni,some kind of potato and cabbage dish and the naan was very good as well. When I left this place i was full and happy so Yay I am a fan.Not many Indian choices in Goodyear but lucky for them they have India Garden.
5 We went to this place today with our friends.  I have had Indian food all over the US and without a doubt, this is the best I have had!  We had their buffet - large selection including my fav, Chicken Tikki Masala and everything was excellent.  The service was very attentive and friendly.  It is exactly what we were looking for and I would drive the hour it takes for us to go to this place just for the food alone. Their nan was unlike any other I have tried with seasonings and butter - YUM.  Go hungry and expect now to eat the rest of the day you will be so satisfied.
5 It was 8:30 in the evening, we are driving to Phoenix from San Diego and we are worried we are not going to find a place open for dinner.  I consulted Yelp and found that India Garden was in between where we were and my sister's house.  We arrived on NYE's eve and were promptly greeted.  The restaurant is large and only had two or three tables.  A buffet was ready to go but we decided we wanted to order from the menu.  The Lamb Vindaloo (44) was very good as was the Naan bread.  However, two dishes really stood out.  First, the Bhindi Masala (85) Okra cooked with onions, tomatoes and spices.  Wow.  Really fresh and great flavor.  Next, we ordered the Chicken Achari (40) Chicken cooked in "exotic Indian pickle masala".  This was the surprise of the evening as the pickle flavor mixed well with the chicken and masala to make a very fresh and pleasant tasting dish.  Finally, the service was spectacular.  At least three different people constantly (but not in a bad way) checked on us to make sure we were happy and had everything we needed.  Reasonable prices for bottles of wine that matched very well with the food makes for an experience that is as good as it gets.  Thank you.
5 awsome naan garlic bread. the service was awesome. we had a large party of 12 during lunch and we all had the buffet. the mango lasi was good too.
5 This place has the most amazing service I've experienced in Arizona.  My 4 year old niece accompanied my sister and I and they bent over backwards to make sure she was happy with her lunch.  They offered lots of things for her to try. We ate at the buffet and tried everything, very very good.  And the mango lassies are excellent.   GO GO GO!
5 So so so good ... Here in Town for Indian spring training so why not eat Indian?  Nice people, attentive service, yummy classic treats .. Arizona!  Don't be a chain sheep and go to Flingers/Zingers/Whipperdejibbits when you can have authentic ethnic cuisine in an up-scale setting ... Get yer butt here and feast!
4 We ate at India Garden at 5pm on a Tuesday evening. It was nicely decorated and pleasant to look at.   We all had the buffet. We tried everything. I found it to be quite good. There were 3 chicken dishes, 1 lentil, 1 veggie, rice, 2 appetizer type dishes, salad, yogurt, and various sauces. I enjoyed all the dishes, but did miss a lamb dish in the buffet. I would have liked a soup on the buffet also. But we were given freshly baked Naan bread with the buffet and was asked a few times if we wanted more. The buffet also had fresh, very hot Chai tea with milk that was very good. Overall we found it to be a comfortable, enjoyable dinner. We will definitely return. I hope to have a beer and lamb next time!
4 I was definitely expressed with their buffet! I had been craving Indian food for quite a while, but since it can be a bit expensive having to order all the dishes separately I was determined to find a place with a lunch buffet nearby to give it a try. I was lucky enough to find this place, which I noticed had fairly good reviews on Yelp. This place is definitely nicer and bigger compared to other Indian buffets I'd been to. It has a wide seating area and nicely arranged tables. The buffet had a great selection and I was able to try new dishes that I'd never tried before. Everything was delicious. Tandoori chicken was dry, but then again I've yet to experience it moist and juicy at a buffet. The garlic Naan bread was soft and warm, SO good! Service was excellent! Server was attentive and polite - my glass of water was never empty. Will definitely be coming back!
4 I hope this restaurant is still open. I haven't visited in over a month, but the last time I was there, I settled in for the lunch buffet and was pleased by the smallish yet satisfying spread. Garlic naan is generously served, and  the owners are quite friendly. On each of my visits (I believe I've dined here three times), the dining room has been somewhat sparse. I do hope more people discover this reliably good Indian food restaurant--it's much-needed on the chain-heavy Westside.
5 This is a great restaurant! There is something for everyone....spicy for the adventurous types and flavorful for the rest of us. They have a full bar too, and an assortment of beers from India. Our waiter was awesome...very friendly and kinda funny. Everyone was very attentive yet not to the point of being annoying. They have the buffet for lunch and also for dinner, so if you can't decide on what to get, do the buffet and sample a bunch of things. It was a very good experience and I would recommend this place highly to anyone. Finally something other than a chain! Give it a try!
5 I *love* this place! The reviewers who didn't like it must be *really* picky!   Before this location was the India Garden it was a wine bar, so it's really big and beautiful inside. I didn't realize it would be a buffet, but I liked the idea - I don't eat Indian food a lot, so I like to be able to take little bits of things and  go back for more of what I like.   Both times I went, I was with people who do eat Indian a lot, and are not shy with their opinions. Both liked it enough to come back. None of us ordered off of the menu, so I can't review anything from there.   The first time I was with a female friend. The waiter was very nice, and didn't send another female employee out to serve us like has happened at other Indian restaurants. Not only was he nice initially, but he kept coming back to remind us that we could go back for more, and that it didn't look like we ate enough! My friend is Jewish, and she joked that she didn't realize that they had Jewish moms in India, too.   I took a male friend the second time, and we didn't get "mothered", although the service was excellent and attentive.   I don't know how the food stacks up to upscale restaurants, but everything I had was tasty, even the things I didn't know what they were and had to look up later! (I'm sure I could have asked, but where's the adventure in that?)  I've suggested this place to a friends who's having a reunion this summer. Go, check it out, see what you think!
3 = = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =  Well, it's been 7 months since enjoying this India Garden here, so it was due time to whip back over & see how they're doing.  This is a nice, fairly large place with tables only, no booths, and an 18 item serving table, which is probably about average size for an Indian Buffet.  The Naan bread is tasty here, served hot with a little seasoning (& we were offered more of it).  The Daah Maharani lentil soup was good, too.  Overall, though, I thought the food was just ok this time.  Their Tandoori Chicken, for instance, was rather dry, tough, & low in flavor, in my opinion.  Also, the service was blah.  SO,  an "OK" place...  Lunch Buffet $9.99 includes hot Indian style tea.  Full bar available.
3 Just A-OK. I tried this place for their Sunday lunch buffet. The choices were rather limited. I lived in India briefly, and I found this place to be too Americanized. Was not truly flavorful.  PROS: clean, good service, plentiful & good chai tea, fresh, naan bread CONS: limited buffet choice  I would recommend to friends, however, it was not truly "Indian" enough for me, and I probably will not return.
5 We love this place, the food is great and the service is awesome! We ordered from the menu and the kids love the tandoori chicken and of course the naan bread! Yum! Highly recommend this place if you love indian food! :o)
4 Great service.  Good food. Great naan.
5 I must admit, I was a bit worried by the sign on the door that said "Under New Management" - one thing I loved about the place was the service. Mostly the sign just wanted to warn people that they no longer accept City Deal certificates, which I've never heard of, so we were good there.   On my last visit I had taken my friend Jan for her birthday, and this time she was treating me for mine! Looks like it's a new tradition for us.   I was glad to see the new management was still Indian; I believe that a good chef can create any type of dish, but unless I'm going to a spendy celebrity-status chef place, I do like to see ethnic food prepared by the people who were raised with it (although the Hispanic restauranteur community seems to have the cheap Chinese food formula DOWN PAT here in Phoenix!)  I needn't have worried. Everything was the same. The people complaining about a limited buffet choice have probably been spoiled by those huge mega-buffet places. This has one row of dishes. You get rice, four to six main & side dishes, some tandoori chicken (which is tough and dry, sort of like all the Peking Duck I've ever had), a salad bar, and a couple of dessert.   They don't serve all the dishes they make in the buffet all the time. The choices revolve, so what you get depends on what day you go. I like being able to sample dishes I've never had, and go back for more if I like it. I must, in the future, not mistake the rice pudding for ranch dressing, though!  Although the new manager wasn't concerned that we didn't have enough to eat like the last one, he did keep telling us "Stay! Relax!" when we were done. Not because we were buying drinks or anything - I had the tea which comes with free refills, and Jan just had water. So, he wasn't making more money with us being there, but the place isn't really busy during the day, and he didn't need the table. At one point while he was refilling our drinks he said "Relax - it's a beautiful day today!" Which it was ... we were inside, though. I think that was two different subjects merged into one sentence, lol.   So, I'm still happy with India Palace, new management and all. And the bathrooms are GORGEOUS!
5 Very very tasty. Had the Chicken Tikki Masala... Yum! Very nice server and atmosphere! Very clean and quiet when we went.  I will defiantly be returning there.
5 This place is still excellent!  We ate the Tiki Chicken Masala... So good I almost can't get enough! Every time we go it seems really empty. I hope it picks up! They do need to train the water girl about the menu. She never seems to know what anything is! Lol. But that won't stop us from going. Next we are going to try the buffet.
5 I admit I was a little scared to try this place. This was the 3rd Indian Restaurant we've tried since moving from Seattle and they all disappointed until this one!  It was Christmas day and the second we walked in the smells from the kitchen started to make my mouth water! We decided to go with things we knew the first visit and they did not disappoint! We had:  Chicken Makhni: Perfectly Creamy and delicious with the the right amount of spices. The chicken was juicy and cooked to perfection.  Basamati Rice: Not my favorite of the Indian Rice I've had, but cooked perfectly.. I would have just preferred it to be more fragrant.  Tandoori Mixed Grill: We went with the mix so we could try everything. It came with chicken breast/chicken thigh and leg/lamb/shrimp/sausage. The chicken breast was to die for, it was even juicier then the thigh/leg that came with it! Lamb was good, although it was a little to "strong" tasting for my husband who doesn't really enjoy lamb in the first place, the only one I wasn't crazy about was the shrimp but I've never had shrimp tandoori that I really enjoyed so it may just not be my thing.  Cheese Naan: This was my only real complaint (if you could call it that) We asked the waitress if the Naan bread was made with paneer (which we love) and she said yes, but when it came it looked more and tasted like they just sprinkled it with shredded mozzarella cheese. The Naan bread was good.. but I would have preferred it with paneer, or the garlic naan.  Overall, It was delicious and way better then any other Indian Restaurants in the valley, we can't wait to go back for their lunch buffet so we can try a different selection of food.
4 We got a take out order of chicken curry.  The portion size was good as well as the food.  It was my first time eating Indian food.  If you like spicy it is for you.
5 Really good service!!  I had to start out with that because the past couple of places we visited although the food was good, service unimpressive at best.  We had their lunch buffet and the food was fresh, even in the late afternoon towards the end of the buffet time.  They brought us fresh naan and came by to see how we were doing.  Maybe it was because we had a cute kid with us but we felt very welcomed there.    Good service, good food.  It doesn't get much better than that.
5 Lunch buffet was yummy again. Order chicken tikki masala with garlic naan and basmalti rice. Came perfect to order as I am picky and enjoyed it as usual.
5 Got take out. Chicken Tikki Masala mild and Curry Chicken spicy. Both dishes were very good. Extremely flavorful. The rice was very well cooked, and mixed well.  The curry chicken spicy was spicy, packed the heat, but still had a great taste with the punch. Ate the garlic Naan bread with the food as well.  It complemented the meal very well.
5 My 7 year old girl will eat here!  Chicken pakora is fried chicken tenders.  The vegetable samosa was the best I have had in the city.  Tandoori Mixed Grill is a very good choice at dinner, with the Chicken Tiki Masala and some rice, the meal was fabulous.J
4 Had their currys in bulk on Saturday for a party and EVERYONE loved it!  Can't wait to go to the restaurant!
1 ******READ CAREFULLY- EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK***** Refer to pics attached.  This is my first ever review, and I felt compelled to open up a Yelp account to let others know about this nasty establishment. Recently me and a friend of mine when here for the lunch buffet.  While we ate most of the lunch items provided, I decided to dig in to the sweet section. I found "gulab jamun" (fried dough in sugar syrup) and decided to get some. As I took a big spoonful and put it in my bowl, I found a COCKROACH in the bowl. I informed the lady working there and asked her to dispose off the entire bowl they had served. I am not sure if this was done, as they promptly brought the bowl outside.  What my concern is that they must have made a huge bowl in the kitchen and were bringing smaller portions out and serving them.  WHAT if the bug came from the main source and was not just part of that one bowl they served outside????  She asked me to try it again- To which I promptly refused.  What amazed me even further- She had the audacity to bring the bill out to me and my friend instead of compensating us for the meal, apologizing or whatever the F*** you are supposed to do in that situation.  I should probably report them to the health department in phoenix to do an audit on these guys.   BEWARE AND EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK.
5 Chicken and Paneer Tiki Masala medium or spicy are fantastic here. Very flavorful. Would probably be a good dish to choose if you are unsure of the menu.
4 I'm rating the buffet as someone who has had Indian food around the world (i.e. I'm not giving a filtered, subjective, strictly Americanized perspective).    Let me start with the pro's:  The price is decent at $9.99/ person for lunch and the variety is decent.  Samosas, Saag, Chicken Tikka, Basmati, Tandoori Chicken, and more along with a little salad bar with some Gulab Jamun.  The Naan was probably the highlight as it was super tasty and came out piping hot.  Now for the con's:  The food is extremely bland.  There wasn't an ounce of spice (as in spiciness) and everything (expect the Naan) tasted pretty much the same.  For those who are looking for un-Americanized Indian-food, you indubitably know that this is a big "no-no" as far as Indian food goes.  Aside from the taste, again, the price and quantity still offers a decent deal.  If I went again, I'd probably just stick to the Tandoori, Naan, Samosas, and some Raita on the side.
5 My wife and I love Indian although we are not well versed in it this place was delicious! Vegetable Pakora was great
5 The owners are wonderful & extremely friendly. We love the buffet! My kids love to try all the different foods & like to view the huge mural in the back of the restaurant.  We love coming here!
4 The buffet was good! Decent prices. I'll definitely be back, its nice to have good Indian food on the west side of town.
4 I'm always a fan of lamb curry and the excelled in the dish. The naan is tasty with many different flavors from garlic to potato. I did not like their lunch buffet because some places in Cali had more choices and better quality. Customer service is nice, informative, and quiet. Pricing is reasonable if you are having a dinner out.
4 Absolutely love Indian food from time to time. I had a spot in Goodyear that I loved, but apparently not enough people liked it as much as I did as they went out of business. So the search was on for another spot near by. I found India Garden in Avondale and was glad I did. Open 7 days a week with a wonderful lunch buffet from 11:00 a.m. - 2:30 p.m.  which is great if you are new to Indian food as it allows you to sample a little bit of everything. The menu has more than 100 authentic dishes of which I have only really about 5 or 6 because I love lamb and can't bring myself to leave that category because of a few favorites that I love too much.  Food is great and they have authentic Indian drinks and a full bar.  The restaurant will seat about 75 and has room for large groups.  They offer catering and are happy to host business meetings, working lunches, office parties, house parties or any other type of gathering you can think of.
4 Hooray, another good Indian place opened up in the SW Valley to replace the late, lamented Sutra!  I've been going there for some time, but haven't wanted to review it after my Sutra jinx. Now they've been open for a while and always seem to be doing a brisk business.  I really like this place. Immediate, friendly service, good food, great prices.   As some have mentioned, the buffet can be a bit limited at times, particularly if you're looking for a 100% vegetarian meal. I'd skip the buffet and order from the menu. Favorites include vegetable and paneer pakora, aloo gobhi (spiced as you like it), and bismati rice. Don't miss their fantastic lassis, served sweet plain or with mango (also served salty, but that doesn't strike me as yummy).
1 THERE WAS A ROACH IN MY FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My curiosity for Indian food and decent reviews convinced me to give this place a try today.  Huge mistake!!!  I was a little skeptical after reading one review that described someone elses "roach" experience.  Since the rest of the reviews were decent, I decided to disregard it, thinking maybe it was someone who simply had a bad experience and was wanting to give the restaurant a bad name.    I placed a take out order over the phone.  The service was prompt and friendly.  I picked up my food, returned to work excited for my lunch, until I found a big roach sitting on top of my rice.  Luckily, I hadn't taken any bites!    I wasted my entire lunch hour, only to find myself hungry, with no time to get anything else.  The manager explained that the restaurant had just been sprayed for roaches, which he claims makes them spread everywhere.  Good to know right?  In the end, I was given a full refund but it didn't make up for my time and disgusting experience.  The manager seemed to really make light of the situation.  Apparently he's okay with his "tenants".  Unless you're okay with having an extra crunch in your food, you really shouldn't eat here.
2 I had a pretty bad experience at this place some time ago.  When I went there, it was 4:00 PM and I was going to request a takeout order.  So I opened the door, walked in and asked the employee by the buffet if I could place an order for carry out.  He said, "No we're closed".  So, I was thinking to myself, "how did I just open the door and walk in"?  I asked, "you're not open"?  He said "no we don't open for another hour".  That's when another one of the staff or owners walked in the door (the door must have been only open for him and not intended for me to walk through) and asked me if I needed help and the guy by the buffet told him ""No I told him we're closed and not to come back for another hour".  So I figured whatever and asked for a menu I could take home to look at and figure out what I wanted to order (because most places have menus on paper that you can take home or bring to your office, right?  Not this place).  The guy by the buffet said "no, you can look at the menu when you come back".  Ultimately, I went home empty handed and my wife and I ended up ordering from that waiter on the go service because at the time, this place didn't have a menu online or do delivery.  It was expensive for curry naan and rice.  It was about $45 and $5 of that was the waiter on the go fee.  I got Hot Lamb Curry and some Naan.  The naan was good, but the curry was watery an bland.  Same with the food my wife ordered.  She got beef curry.  She didn't enjoy it.  Maybe it's because it wasn't fresh and took over an hour to get our delivery?  With all the great reviews (except for the roach ones), though, I might try to go back again.  I'm still a little put off with how I was treated.  If you're business is closed and you don't want people to walk into your business, keep your door locked.  My fault for not looking at the hours at the door to make sure they were open?
5 My first time at Indian Garden was on New Year's Eve. They had a great party and several of their popular dishes were out buffet style for the guests to done on. The food was terrific! Some of the best Indian food in the valley! I will definitely be back!
5 Took my wife to lunch here today and it was EXCEPTIONALLY good! The lunch buffet was incredible, as was their flat bread. Everything was perfectly cooked and the service was very friendly. We will definitely be going back, and often.
1 The last time we were there, we went for dinner. The service was terrible, the food was meh, and did I mention the service was terrible? A waiter stood around playing on his phone and watching TV while we sat, waiting far too long for our meals, with empty glasses in front of us. At one point the manager came by, filled our glasses, and said something to the waiter. Then, later, the manager came by again and looked at our empty glasses, then followed the waiter over and watched while he refilled it. Why did we need multiple refills? Because it took so freakin' long to get the food out, that's why. Meanwhile, we're munching on the complimentary salty chickpea things they gave us.  There were only two tables to wait on. We generally only go for lunch, so maybe dinner service is always this bad and that's why there were no customers in the place at 7 pm.  An unfashionable hour to be sure, but it's the west side.   Oh, and the best table in the place was taken - by the waiter's charging cell phone. Apparently that table is next to a convenient outlet. So we were seated under a TV, which was awesome because it felt like the aforementioned waiter who was watching TV all night was standing there just staring at us.  Also took 15 minutes to get the check at the end of this exercise in excellence.  With service this bad, I'd have given a single star even if the food made my mouth sing. Maybe two. Probably not, though.
5 Having never tried Indian food and hearing horrible things about another local Indian place (that has since gone out of business) I almost did not want to try Indian Garden. The curry and flat bread are excellent!!
4 I was a little concerned because one reviewer said that they found a roach in their food.  I have to say that this place is really cleaned.  Maybe it was just an isolated incident, or maybe the reviewer wanted to hurt business at this place, I'm not really sure.  I have to say though that this was an incredibly clean restaurant.  Even their bathrooms were spotless.    The food here was amazing as well.  I had the lunch buffet, with the palak paneer getting my specific attention.  It was very flavorful, as well as some of the other items on the buffet line.  The service was really good as well.  Extremely attentive and fast.
5 Excellent food. Excellent service!
4 Solid Indian buffet option  Nice restaurant option next to Sprouts in Avondale.  Place is clean, food is good, and you can wrap up a lunch in less than an hour.  I'm a fan of naan, and theirs is straightforward tasty.  Service staff are par for the course-- good at getting you started, so-so on keeping drinks filled, and take care of the check quickly.  Minimal personal interaction, but that's cool if you're looking to enjoy the company of your companions.  The little TV was something of a distraction.  Would rank it a star up if they had more meat options in the buffet.  Most of it is vegetable oriented.  Nominal dessert options, as well.
5 I have been going to this place for months and want them to have more business because I want to keep eating there!  This place is a great choice for a dinner outing in Avondale.  My families favorites are the Chicken Madras, Chicken Tika Masala and the Garlic Naan. They will adjust for spiciness on request and the hot is not extremely hot for those versed in spicy foods, I consider it just right.  The staff are always friendly and attentive and the interior is decorative and always has Indian music/television on to add to the environment.  If you want a way to checkout all of their food, try the buffet to get a feel for it. It's everyday from 11 to 2, but don't expect everything, just the most popular items.
5 Great food and friendly service.  Love the naan and lunch buffet...
4 I have been to this place several times over the last three years and have never been disappointed with the food or service. They changed their menu a year or so ago, and stopped making a few items I loved, but I am still more than happy whenever I get a chance to come in! Both lunch buffet and plated meals are great!
4 ********** THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE BUFFET ONLY **********  We've been going to this restaurant's buffet on and off for quite a while.  We went again today after a long hiatus, because the last time we went, the food was so salty, I had to rinse my mouth with gasoline afterwards to get rid of the taste (naaah:  I'm not overly dramatic at all).  So, first off, let's start by saying, that whatever salt was in the food today, it was very muted.  The tandoori chicken was good, as it's always been, if not a little dry.  But it is a buffet and food can sit for a while; chicken drying out on a buffet table is not unusual.  I won't talk much about the other food, because, to be honest, I don't remember their names.  But I can say, there is quite a variety for those with different tastes and a nice selection for what you'll pay.  The star of this restaurant --- never mind 'the buffet' or 'regular meals' or whatever ... I don't care --- is the naan bread.  This is the one thing, which is done perfectly here:  not too thick; not oily, which you find very often with this bread; nice and crispy, but not overcooked.  Both of us agree:  we could seriously make a meal of naan and a dipping sauce.  Service is, and always has been, pleasant.  The one surprising change for me:  at the back of the restaurant is a rather large mural with a nice, serene painting.  Apparently, they use that area for groups and, according to the server, had a large one yesterday.  I don't know, whether they've always had this, but there are curtains to block off the room from the view of the restaurant.  That's fine and perfectly reasonable when you have groups.  But the curtains are rather cheezy and I swore, they converted the place into a large shower room when I first saw it.  When I asked the server about it, he quite graciously offered to open them, which, I said, was unnecessary.  And it was.  But it really gave the restaurant the impression of having come up with some cheap, quick solution to a situation and, as I said, made me feel like I could go rinse off in a hot tub behind the curtains after buffet was over.    The curtains and simplistically decorated restaurant are but minor distractions in an otherwise good buffet located in an area not known for good food.  When you consider that Indian restaurants and buffets aren't exactly flooding the West Valley, then this place is something to really appreciate.  I could go on about what I would like to see on the buffet table and what would make it better; but, to be frank, you can do MUCH worse for what the lunch buffet costs.  My only wish:  please extend lunch buffet past 2:30pm. I know that's typical, but some of us eat later in the day.  Just a wish; not a complaint.
5 Wonderful Indian food and the owners and servers are so friendly and attentive. I love the chicken saag and the tikka masala is excellent as well. The naan is a must!  Restaurant is sparkling clean as well - if you are in the neighborhood definitely try it!
5 LOVE the vegetable bryiani!!
5 I simply love this place the food is excellent. Tikka Masala is my favorite Indian food in the world. I wish this place would have a little more business so that they don't go out of business! I was so excited when I found this place and it is so completely delicious!!!
3 Six months had passed since our one-star experience, we really wanted Indian, and the pickings in the SW valley are slim. So we headed out to India Garden to give them another shot.  The service was friendly if a little bit slow, and the food was good. The place was so dimly lit, however, that I got a bit of an eyestrain headache just reading the menu.  In all, decent enough to make it silly to drive a half hour to find another Indian place. I will be back, but mostly for the lunch buffet, which has always been good.
3 Six months had passed since our one-star experience, we really wanted Indian, and the pickings in the SW valley are slim. So we headed out to India Garden to give them another shot.  The service was friendly if a little bit slow, and the food was good. The place was so dimly lit, however, that I got a bit of an eyestrain headache just reading the menu.  In all, decent enough to make it silly to drive a half hour to find another Indian place. I will be back, but mostly for the lunch buffet, which has always been good.
5 = = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  After over two years since my 3-Star visit to this one, I finally made it back over here for lunch today, joined by Mike C.  This time the place was really in top form!  Beautiful and comfortable dining room, a good selection of 24 food items plus sauces & dressings, very friendly and attentive service, and food was just delicious!  Some of my favorites today were the hot Garlic Naan, brought to the table, the Yellow Dal, the Chicken Makhani, the Keema Mater (lamburger) with peas, and their PERFECT Tandoori Chicken.  YUM!     :-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $9.99
5 I really loved this place, I decided to treat myself to lunch the other day and looked on yelp and the lunch buffet had some pretty good reviews; upon looking at their site there was also a coupon for a $1 off of the lunch buffet so I said "yea why not." The buffet was absolutely delicious, everything I could imagine and more, for the perfect price! It was $9.99 without coupon and you get the buffet and unlimited naan, it was fantastic. I definitely will be going here again VERY soon!
3 The food is good.  The service was excellent.  Usually however, in Indian restaurants, they give the rice WITH the food.  At this particular restaurant you have order the rice separately and its pretty expensive.  I thought this restaurant was a little more pricier than most.  I don't think I would rush back here for dinner when I am in AZ again but may try the buffet for more of the options.
5 Went for the first time the food was very good. The service was excellent. The staff was very helpful in describing their dishes, was prompt, and accommodating with a smile.   I will go back. Chicken tikka Marsala was great.
4 I usually come here for the lunch buffet for two reasons:  1) It's a better value; and 2) The variety of dishes to select.  Having said that, though, the dinner was delicious and the service, very thoughtful and kind.  I had shrimp curry (a little light on the curry), spinach and cubed cheese (perfectly spiced for me) and eggplant (also perfectly spiced for me).  Included was some garlic naan (yum) and basmati rice.  Just water to drink... I spent about $40, where the lunch buffet costs $10.  There you have it.
3 I was shopping at Sprouts next door to this place debating on if I wanted to go home and cook or tryout this place and this place won! I wasn't sure what to expect when walking through the doors on a Sat evening around 7pm but I was starving and didn't feel like cooking. I had only tried Indian food once in my life about 10 years ago but I figured why not? To my surprise it was great as far as food was concerned! The ambiance was not great at all and it was one large room and to some degree resembled a cafeteria. I wouldn't suggest taking your first date here but if you are up for some great food in a casual atmosphere its a great choice for Indian food. I loved the variety of flat breads they had to offer and the menu is very extensive and they do  a great job of breaking down your choices and categorizing it to your liking. Our waiter was great and had some really great suggestions. He recommended that we stop by during lunch time because they offer a lunch buffet that has a little bit of everything and has accumulated great reviews from the locals. Overall, the service was great and I really enjoyed the food options I chose and the extensive menu that makes me want to come back to try something new:)
4 The beau and I stopped by on a whim whilest exploring our new city and it's probably the best find so far.   Walking in for a late dinner we were happily greeted and easily seated. Service was prompt and pleasant. We ordered some garlic naan, chicken tikka masala and chicken vidaloo. All came out within 10 minutes and boy was it amazing! The tikka masala was creamy and fresh. My beau ordered his vidaloo spicy, and it was the perfect amount of spicy.  We've been back at least 8x since and always end up happily full. (ITIS!)  I can't wait to try the lunch buffet!
5 Amazing. The owner grinds his own spices and gets fresh market produce on a regular basis. He was able to modify EVERYTHING on the menu for my dairy free self and was very considerate about it. I'm Indian and have had a lot of Indian food, this was hands down fantastic and I wish he had a place in central phoenix.   GO! GO! GO! you will be so glad you did!   I am planning my next trip back as I type :)
5 Fantastic food! We had the vegetable samosa, chicken curry and potato and pea curry.  It was all flavorful and delicious!
3 This is my first experience with East Indian food. The price is hard to argue with. The selection of foods is pretty limited but also pretty tasty. I liked it.
4 New to working in Goodyear, I'm still experimenting with lunch spots. This place had come recommended and Yelp supported it, so I decided to check it out. I'm generally skeptical about buffets and, ordinarily, would try to go earlier to ensure the best odds of fresh food. I wound up hitting India Garden closer to 1PM and everything on the buffet looked fresh and delicious. I sampled it all and there was not a single item I didn't like. The buffet ($9.99) with my drink and a tip, totaled $16.15. While a little on the steep side for what I'd like to pay for lunch, I can say I definitely feel like I got value for my money and I look forward to future visits.
5 We really enjoyed the food and the service! The co-owner who catered our wedding came to greet us AND took care of our 9 month old. Talk a about family-friendly restaurant! We are from San Francisco and when visiting AZ we will definitely be stopping here for exceptional food and service!
4 Great fresh Indian food with great service...found this place on YELP as we were leaving Scottsdale to go to LA.
5 Had dinner there tonight with my wife and 15 month old daughter.  Amazing food and top-notch service.  It lived up to the hype.  Definitely worth checking-out.    I'm told they have lunch buffet 7-Days per week for only $10.
4 Great Service and Great Food.  Have done dinner and the lunch buffet.  Dinner a bit pricier but food can be spiced up if your so inclined, lunch is a good deal but moist of the dishes are spiced medium.
5 I see Indian Garden every time I make a visit to Sprouts grocery store, and never knew what kind of flavors and ambiance I've been missing all these years...until Saturday night. First, we sampled their vegetable korma at the Flavors of the West festival - and went back about 5 times for more. After that it took us less than a week to visit and fall in love with the actual restaurant. We spent a couple hours during Saturday night's downpour there with the managers and wait staff as our company. They started us off with the garbanzo bean chips and delicious accompanying dips. We had garlic naan, madras vegetables, daal maharani, and vegetable rice as the entree. Flavor was bursting with every bite. The Indian beer and chai tea were very complimentary to our indulgence. We were too full to partake in dessert, but after asking about the gajar halwa for next time - they surprised us with a sample of the carrot delight. Must order next time as well! To add to the experience, this was by far the BEST customer service I've received in a very long time. The food and the special treatment will cause you to spread the word like wildfire and come back for more at every chance.
4 Love the chicken Tiki Masala it was delicious, the chicken vindaloo was not so great it was not spicy at all and I requested it to be spicy. The side sauces brought were ok but I've been to other Indian restaurants with more condiments/ sauces to offer. Service was great very friendly.
5 Fantastic food, their lunch buffet is something I have indulged in more then most would consider safe or reasonable.  Delicious food, and a great value.
4 A friendly environment, the food is delicious, the cost of dining is reasonable and great for groups. A nice gathering with family and friends before flying out to the east coast.
4 We have eaten in the place as well as catered for many dinners at our home. The food quality and taste is uniform and consistent.   They deliver sometimes but mostly busy, would love if they could deliver larger orders .... thats why I gave 4 stars.... food and quality is 5 / 5 stars.   When catered at home, food is fresh, packed securely and every guest compliments !   We have a few other Indian restaurants close to us, but no one can beat the food taste and quality so we keep going back to India Garden, which is a bit far for us, but $$ well spent !
4 My husband & I ate dinner here last weekend for the first time, and little did we know there was a huge anniversary party being hosted there. We were a bit worried as soon as we walked in, but we were seated immediately & our drink & food order were taken shortly after. We did have to wait a bit for our food to come out (appetizer came out fast), but it wasn't a crazy amount of time. Food was delicious! My husband ordered his dish "medium spicy" and he said next time he'll get mild as it was a little too spicy for him. The workers kept apologizing for how busy it was which was nice, but we understood...it happens! They ended up giving us a complimentary dessert before we left.
5 It was our first time trying Indian food and I have to say it was AMAZING!! We will definitely be back for the buffet as the owner recommended. The restaurant is beautiful inside and the staff was so helpful. We will be regulars for sure!
4 Very pleased with the decor and cleanliness of the restaurant.  The Lunch Buffet has a wide variety of dishes but not much to pick for dessert.  Keema mater and chicken masala are by far the best that i tried. The Naan was a bit dry for my taste and they didnt have olive oil.   I also wish they had the mango icecream for dessert  that would make this place perfect.  Overall i would come back for the Lunch Buffet.
5 I've only been here once, but it was an awesome experience. I'd definitely go back!  While my husband and I have always enjoyed Indian food, we haven't had a lot of experience with it in the past. Phoenix probably isn't really the best place for eating authentic Indian Cuisine, anyway.   However, after living in Japan, they surprisingly had many Indian restaurants in our city that were owned by immigrants from different parts of India. We loved going to these places, and a bonus was that the employees always spoke English!! :P We also visited Thailand, which of course had many incredible Indian restaurants--definitely a good thing since they had a lot of vegetarian options! However, after eating all of this delicious curry and naam from abroad, we couldn't go back to what we were used to... I couldn't even eat the Japanese-style curry anymore.  Naturally, when we got back, I had the urge to eat some curry and naam... so I did a Yelp search to find the best Indian food in the area. Up came India Garden, which I was a bit surprised about because I've driven past it so many times and it didn't look like anything special from the outside. It doesn't look bad at all, but the name and the storefront are rather generic...  I'm so glad we decided to give it a try, though, because inside is awesome!!! They also have a decently-priced lunch buffet, but I hate buffets... I don't like other people breathing over or touching my (potential) food :P I might give it a try though, since they seem very clean at India Garden! Plus, it might be fun to try some new stuff.  We went here for dinner and loved everything we had. Unfortunately, we ordered too much and couldn't finish it all -- this is something I feel really guilty about. We took the leftovers though, but... it's just never the same reheated! :P However, next time we go, I know that the portions are pretty large!!! :) Their drinks were great too. We just had tea (I think... can't remember) but I believe they had a full bar. I can't really remember, though. The staff was also excellent, and it wasn't too busy inside.   Overall, we had a wonderful experience here and would definitely go back!
5 Excellent food.  The proprietor is happy to come out and explain every dish. The menu is not limited, and the bar is stocked with top shelf liquor. And what you can eat here is not restricted to what is on the menu. For example, the owner mentioned several additional types of naan they would serve us. We ordered the naan with raisins.
5 My wife and I's favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.  We never pass through without stopping for dinner.  It is an excellent value, and still be a wonderful dining experience at twice price.
3 Here is the deal, this place is pretty good. The staff is nice and the food is good but the problem is that there is an Indian food place on 59th and Bell and they are $2-$3 dollars cheaper on a few of the items we like to eat. Not all of them but a few. Even though the drive is farther and the service is not as good it is cheaper... and after all service and quality take a back seat to price... So from now on I will be driving the extra 20 minutes to get the cheaper price! I'll call them from time to time to check pricing...
3 The lunch buffet is a great value and a good way to sample different dishes to see what you like. Ordering any other time is way over-priced. Sometimes the owner seems a little annoyed to have customers, weird.
5 Delicious, not heavy or greasy, perfect spice, great service! We had it for take out and will definitely return, yumm!
