5 One word - Champagne Nail Manicures!!  BLISS!!  I can't tell you how much I love this nail bar. I feel AMAZING sitting on the white seats getting my nails done whilst sipping champagne. I feel even better when they throw in a free pedicure - which happens quite often! I always go with my mum (cos i feel a but wierd sitting sipping champage by myself) and we have such a laugh. When we are done, we either sit and wait around their seats and watch the beautiful people pass us by, or we toddle up to the 4th floor for a martini in our flip-flops and champagne. People always comment when they see us and so they should - it's brilliant!!  It costs around £60 for a mani/pedi, contact them for a full range of prices. I would recommend one nail-artist but they are all as good as each other. And they are all lovely, really friendly.  I love this bar!
3 This is a confusing one for me. I love Nails Inc. and their nail polish is among the best quality, longest lasting and most vibrant colours I've ever used. At £10.50 a pop it isn't cheap and it's well known as being one of the best nail polish ranges on the market. For me, the fact that this little stall is referred to as a "Champagne Nail Bar" just makes me want to laugh. No, it's a Nails Inc. bar so why do they feel the need to cheapen it by calling adding the word Champagne in the title? Lets face it, it's probably the cheapest of the cheap champagne lying around in a fridge somewhere or heck, it's probably just Cava.   I don't really like getting my nails done anyway as acrylic nails make me feel sick and I don't see the point in paying someone £40 to paint my nails when I could buy nice nail polish and just paint them myself. Nails Inc. products are so easy to apply that it always looks great anyway.  I really like the products at this stall but it seems as though it sells more for the fact that champagne is involved which, for me, just cheapens everything.
2 One of my friends decided that for her 21st we would all go get our nails done here. Great for little Miss Daddy's girl, not so great for the rest of us poor students. I almost jumped out my chair when she told me it was 40 quid. 40 pounds to PAINT MY NAILS!! Which will probably just chip off in a day or two (which it did). Granted there are some nice colours to choose from and the staff are well trained and professional, but for 40 pounds I could buy a lot more than pink nails.  I feel like this Nail Bar was an after thought when designing the Harvey Nichols as it is randomly squeezed in at the bottom of an escalator. Which means you get random folk glaring at you as they rise above you. Very odd.   For someone who loves to get their nails done there is probably not many places better than Nails Inc. I'm sure if I was a trillionare I would spend my days lunching and getting manis/pedis as all the kept woman who frequent this nail bar do. But for now I will stick to my 2.95 Barry M nail polish and a DIY job.
