2 I've been in here a few times looking at their Thomas Sabo and Pandora stuff - which they have a decent selection of.  Whenever I've been in to buy something, I've never had a problem or any issue whatsoever, but whenever I've been in for a look or to ask a question I've been well and truly snubbed.  I came in with my mum on Saturday to buy a Thomas Sabo Charm for a necklace, and they helped me pick and showed me the full range with their catalogue. I came in on Sunday with a friend to ask about their Pandora Bracelets and they weren't interested at all when I said I didn't want to buy one. They were verging on rude actually. I didn't realise the woman I had asked to help us was already serving somebody else and I was met with a cold 'sorry, I'm busy' and a turned back.  Oh no she di-int!!!  Their stock is ok - Thomas Sabo and Pandora aside, they sell mostly costume jewelry which isn't really my thing. The shop itself is quite small so when it's busy it gets a bit cramped too.
3 The jewellery in here is all very nice, no issues with it really. There are a lot of Pandora items, which include pretty silver and gold charms, and I'm always a fan of a cheeky charm trinket, plus beads, bracelets, Murano glass and birthstones. There are other brands here too, and a large enough variety of every main type of jewellery so that you won't get stuck.   The staff in here were lovely, and couldn't have done enough to help me find the kind of jewellery I was on the hunt for. I was looking for a certain style of bracelet, which I couldn't see on display anywhere, so the lady helping me promptly went off hunting through the back for jewels that might meet my needs, and laid them all out for me to peruse.   You can only do so much with the size of premises you have, but moving round Argento at peak times can be tricky, plus most things are stored away in cabinets, so it's quite tricky to browse at your own leisure at times, as you have to keep asking to see everything.
2 I'm not a huge fan of Argento, stocking two of my least favourite jewellery brands; Thomas Sabo and Pandora it wasn't ever really going to be a winner in my eyes but I'll be fair as I realise I'm in the minority by saying I don't like those ranges as most of my friends adore them.   I find the jewellery in Argento nice enough but that's really the only way I feel I can describe it... nice. It doesn't excite me, it doesn't make me feel like I NEED to have any of it and it's all rather predictable really. On top of that, none of the jewellery in here is particularly cheap but is mass produced like nothing else. I just feel that if you want to spend a lot of money on jewellery, then why not get something that's a little bit more original than this stuff?  This particular branch is also rather pokey to the point where I was scared than I might topple over and smash right into a glass cabinet as I'm rather clumsy. I also had a rather large bag with me that day which just made the shop feel even smaller. The staff weren't all that helpful towards me probably because I didn't look like I was going to buy anything and I felt rather intimidated with them glaring at me as I browsed in the different cabinets... not the most pleasant shopping experience.
2 As can be seen with the previous reviews, Argento is not the best jewellery store in Edinburgh. The majority of the stock which it sells is Pandora jewellery, which doesn't really appeal to me, so I was never going to fall in love with this store. Situated just round the corner from the main shopping street in Edinburgh, Princes Street, Argento is a convenient place to reach, and at peak shopping times it can get extremely cramped and crowded in the rather small shop premises.   Argento sell a wide range of bracelets, necklaces and rings, and they sell a huge amount of Pandora charms for charm bracelets. They sell some lovely pendant necklaces with beautiful gems inside which are priced at about £150, but they are truly gorgeous. I came here several weeks ago looking to buy a charm bracelet, as I thought with the number of charms which they sell that they must have a decent selection of charm bracelets. How wrong I was. They sold several bracelets with lots and lots of loops, which made the bracelet look elasticated, but there were no silver link bracelets to add charms too, I was pretty disappointed.   Most of the jewellery in this is store is priced at under £50 so it is good place to go to buy a gift for someone, but the quality of the goods didn't look the best. Argento is a decent enough jewellery store, however, there are other jewellery hops in Edinburgh which sell a better selection of gifts.
