4 Edinburgh's Princes St is home to two H&M stores - while this may appear slightly baffling at first (why not just have one, larger shop?), it all makes sense once you're inside as it's immediately apparent that both shops stock entirely different kinds of clothes. This branch (my favourite) is home to what I guess you'd call 'young fashion', i.e. shiny leggings, neon vests, more than one style of harem pants etc. Given the notable absence of Primark from the city centre, this place is second best. The clothes are 'on-trend', pretty cheap and the quality is not all that bad (definitely better than Primark in that respect). The staff are friendly and helpful and, given the amount of stock they have to tidy up at the end of the day, surprisingly good humoured. There's no student discount, but seeing as you can pick up a decent party frock for about £20, it's not really needed.
3 I really like H&M and have shopped religiously in here since I was a teen, but I'm getting a bit tired of the H&M imperialist regime they're running with on the high street.  As Emma said, they split the stores up so that one hosts younger fashion. But what I've noticed from these two branches is that both dabble in each other's clothing types, so wouldn't it be more convenient just to join them up?  Edinburgh has had two H&M branches within half a mile of each other for years. Glasgow originally had the one city centre store in the Buchanan Galleries, and I honestly I preferred it when it was younger fashion upstairs, party frocks downstairs. Both these stores in Edinburgh have room enough for two and while, as Emma said, it's more convenient knowing you can go to one for a particular style, it's damned irritating when you trail along to both stores and find nothing.   I'm still a fan of H&M by proxy but really, two stores in one street? A bit infuriating and it puts me off. It reeks of capitalism and I can't be bothered with that.
4 Out of the two H&M's on Princes Street, I think this is my favourite. It is kind of annoying that there is two separate stores so sometimes you need to trudge back up the street to find something in your size. Edinburgh City Centre is full of duplicate shops (e.g Next, River Island, Waterstones) so I don't think H&M deserves the hard press.   This store offers more young, trendy clothes aimed at the budget conscious fashionista. They have some nice stuff at a reasonable price and you can usually always find something. I do find it sometimes borders on childish/emo clothes but I just ignore that and move on.   The staff in here seem to be constantly bitching about each other and how awful it is to work there, so maybe keep it down a little guys?
5 This is definitely my favourite of the two H&Ms on Princes Street.  It is just the right size and it's never overly busy.  They have really great fashion and brilliantly priced! Cheap as chips! I bought two skirts in here the other day, one black and one grey for £2! I spent more on my lunch!  H&M is brilliant for a staple wardrobe, they have everything you could ever need/want and is good quality. They have brilliant jackets at winter and really cool bikini's in summer. What more could you want?!
2 I don't really have any complaints about the staff or the store itself, save for it being a bit messy. I'm always interested in stopping in to H&M stores in every city I visit (at least ones that have them) and I was sorely disappointed by this one. There weren't any business or dressy-type clothes, just loads of croptops, ugly jeans and loud accessories. Is this how Edinburgh dresses? I'd doubt it, and I think this was a sore representation of how the average shopper of H&M dresses. Blech, I might check it out next time in town but if you're looking for the classier options I'd try the other H&M store in Edinburgh.
