4 this place is 5 star all the way!!! it's huge & beautiful...lots of diff areas and things to look at...none of the pools r deep tho so don't expect to swim...and in the summer it's hard to find a spot to lay down...u kan drink in the pool but only up to the line...
4 We stayed here in the hotel and when I saw the gorgeous pool I had to go down for a few hours. Huge pool, with a round area in the middle with Greek god statues and huge pillars. They have tables with umbrella's, many lounge chairs, the area is breath taking. One of the nicest pools ever. As I was sitting there I noticed they have a nice area for playing Baci ball.   My only complaint is I could not believe they did not have an outside bar for cocktails or even a place to get water. Unless I totally missed it, but I sure tried as I was getting very dehydrated. I was there on my last day and wow did I ever regret not going sooner.   Peaceful, beautiful, and well you can imagine the eye candy in sight. It was a glorious few hours soaking up hot dry rays, people watching, and relaxing.   Stunning pool. A must see if you are staying in Ceasar's Palace, enjoy!
4 Stayed at Caesar's and LOVE this pool! It's so pretty with an awesome layout and cool fountains.  Plenty of chairs and seating around the pool, and the hot tub is nice and big.  Drinks at the bar are overpriced and you can't bring in your own alcohol...even if you bought it in the casino, which is kind of dumb, but understandable.  Overall though, the Roman décor with fun twists like the "Snackus Maximus" snack bar make this one of my favorite pools in Vegas!
5 Wow. One of the nicest pools I've ever seen! They have so many different pools and it looks absolutely lovely. They have tables in one of the pools in case you want to gamble. They have a bar out there, plenty of tables and chairs. It just sucks that the towers are so tall and surround the pool that it blocks the sun during certain times of the day.
5 This is like one of the most awesomest pools ever!!!! The water is warm! Not, like freezing cold where you're taking baby steps around the pool. There are I believe two pool areas and one main one. Luckily for us it was slow season and the day beds were free for alls! So we spent a good 4 hours out there laying out! Sleeping! Eating!  I love the pillars and the fountains they are so fun to play with, but do beware, it gets cold towards the middle area. I assume because of the statues and such.   The snack bar is awesome, but expect it to be a bit over priced for the food and cocktails you buy.
5 One of the best pools on the strip! The atmosphere is great, and pools are not to packed. If you are a guest you can get special access to other pools.
5 I've never been in a pool with such perfect temperature water!
4 What the what, they have a gambling station in the pool?! Ah, I don't gamble but you can't tell me you're not tempted now!  At the 21+ bar area, there are also gorgeous waitresses in their bikinis ready to get you some drinks! What the what?!  The pools here are amazingly decorated. The water is warm all around except for the pool in the shade by the 21+ area, it's a little chilly even in 95 degree weather. But I mean in 95 degree weather, you'll only stay wet for like 5 minutes after you get out.  Lying around by the pool is extremely relaxing. Why wouldn't you come out here?! Although, seats fill up fast, so you might want to come early!  Oooh yeah, so you have to pay for the seats with cushions, whatttt the wahttt?! But I'm lucky. And my friend, who stays there frequently, got me on that and the drinks!  Awesome!!! Is there a more perfect day? I can't describe it!  My only complaint, how clean is water where they let 21+ roam with drinks in their hands?
4 Best place to relax and ppl watching.  The snack bar close too early :(
5 Garden of the Gods Pool is so fancy, I love it.  I chilled solo by the pool during my stay at Caesar's so I wasn't able to test the waters this time but just looking at the pool is amazing.  It was ridiculously crowded on Tuesday afternoon that I did one walk around each pool and went back up to the room.  It was too hot to wait around for a chair to open up.  I told my mom I'm going to invent waterproof (and fashionable) wristlets so I can have my phone, iPod, and key card for the room in a bag while I get in the pool and don't have to worry about it getting wet and ruined.
5 Can't imagine a nicer pool area anywhere.  Its the one thing we miss the most when we leave.  Get the 32 oz Cocktails @ $22.  Better value than the 16oz @ $16. If you're entering from Augustus you'll have to walk to main entrance of pool for towel.  An older crowd for sure, but its peaceful and quiet and wonderful day beds and Cabanas if you got the bucks.  I love this place
4 Being the land of virtually no water, it's nice to know that the residents of LV have many (chlorinated) swimming options, one of the best being, Garden of the Gods at Caesar's Palace.   This pool has many sub-pools, levels, and fountains, each of which is named after a Greco-Roman deity. Gets great sun, at any time of the day till sundown. When I was there, a DJ played a flurry of house, breaks, and dubstep, which made for an upbeat and lively atmosphere. Seating is painfully limited (if it looks any nicer than an outdoor lounge chair, you gotta pay up), but the enormous bowl-sized cocktails made up for that transgression, in my book.
2 Pool is nice enough but seating is limited. Also they are going the "young hip" way here with the topless area being a club type place instead of just a seperate area like in the past or like Wynn. Also 24.00 for a mixed drink., really 24.00 why people WHY do you put up with this and pay these insane prices. That same drink was 6.00 in 1997. What has changed? The casinos started pushing the limits to see what they could get away with and the people kept paying so they kept pushing. When will it end? A 52.00 jack and coke???
4 We checked out the secluded European style pool, The Venus.    It was 118 degrees out.  We took the last cabana.  The sun was intense so we did a little of both; sunbathed and get a little dip to cool off.  The umbrella helped a lot, at times we find ourselves all under the shade of the umbrella.  We had drinks, shrimp cocktails, chicken wings, and fresh fruits.  It was awesome!!  Mr. DJ was spinning us crazy.    Great experience, had a lot of fun.  Make sure you drink a lot of water and not just liquor!!!!
5 Great place. the drinks are pricy but the view is outstanding. You can rent the beds or cabanas with bottle service. you need to bring your license if you want to charge to your room. Also bring cash. you can gamble right in the pool at the black jack tables. So cool
5 love this relaxing pool with good music.  The day beds around the pool are so comfy.  The water is cold so it's refreshing to swim.  There are plenty of places to lounge.  If you have kids it's good too swim but there is not a specific place for just kids pool.
5 Rent a bed for the day, or a cabana, it's worth it. My bestie and I rented two beds, and they were ours for the entire day and included our own server that just happened to be a super nice hot babe in a white bikini. Of course I would have preferred a Geddy Lee look-a-like without his shirt on and my best friend would have enjoyed a naked Abercrombie model to fan her but oh well we'll take what we can get.   The day we went it was unimaginably hot. It was nose bleed hot. It was kill your iPhone hot http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/garden-of-the-gods-pool-las-vegas?select=P4fCuPBTymX4-rmHes__mQ#P4fCuPBTymX4-rmHes__mQ  Before you even consider stepping out into the pool area do yourself a favor, go to Costco and buy the biggest tub of sunscreen that you can find and bring it with you.  The pools are super relaxing and a lot of fun. Great for people watching and they even have gaming tables in the water, cold water is always stocked at the bar for those hot Las Vegas days, there's a snack bar, etc...   But don't expect everybody at the pool to be a sexy bitch. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/garden-of-the-gods-pool-las-vegas?select=P4fCuPBTymX4-rmHes__mQ#Lqsdr7doVCyaerEOyimlfA Those are my fat little legs and there were bigger chubbies than me walking around. I only bring this up because I've seen some of you shallow assholes complaining that you've had to spend your time in Las Vegas with people that don't look like models.   Must be tough.
4 Expensive but great service. Service definetly got you 4 stars. Not as classy as i would expect but definetly trying to keep up with the rest of the strip.  Will be back for a relaxing day but if your looking for a party i suggest MGM or the Wynn.
5 My favorite pool in Vegas! It's a must whenever I visit Vegas in the summer. I love coming here early in the morning when it doesn't get too crowded. I always feel like a ga-zillion bucks when I'm in the pool. Love the views & architecture. I also like how there are tables in the pool. Yes, they have a high minimum, but the idea is just fun.   Drinks here are also crazy good! You can get buzzed real quick as they make 'em strong! I ordered the alcoholic ice cream once and that was superb!!! I've never had anything like it. Love this pool!
5 One of the highlights of our trip was this pool.  I love the architecture and it may just be one of the only pools I've visited where I found myself staring at the buildings and not the people.  They have several "pools" so you can move around and catch the sun.  Hubs and I visited in October and we got there at 11:30 when it was shady and a bit chilly.  We found a chair in the sun and within an hour the place was full!  Many people couldn't find seats.  FOOD  My only complaint is the price of drinks.  Hubs ordered a small Bloody Mary which came with a $20 price tag.  I will say that it was one of the best Bloody Mary drinks ever but I'm so over $20 drinks.  We also enjoyed a cheeseburger from Snackimus Maximus which we ate together and could not finish.  Huge!  AMENITIES  They do have pool side restrooms with a baby changing station and a place to sit and change.  They have a bar and food and they also provide towels.  They also provide free flavored water.
5 Loved this place! We came with a large group for a bachelor party.  We all really liked the grouper wrap and the drinks were mixed well.  The pools were great and the service was excellent. Our server, Lauren, was especially great and really attentive. Not to mention how attractive she was. Im definitely going back. Multiple times.
5 Blackjack tables in the water! multiple pools with plenty of lounge chairs. Attentive, pretty cocktail servers, with big expensive cocktails. The cocojito (coconut mojito) is awesome. The water temp is nice and idk, there's just a very cool vibe to the whole place. Go here and enjoy.
