2 Papa John's always smells tempting and boasts a quick and efficient service. However, on a personal note, I simply can't stand the sweet, lifeless, watery tomato base that they cover ALL their pizzas with.  Occasionally Papa John's do special offers, such as buy one get one free, and if and only if they allow such deals then I would recommend the meat feast.   Otherwise, stay clear of the mass produced sugary tomato base. Eeeuch!
4 Papa John's.  A welcome relief from the mould of chain pizza delivery services that we are often subjected to. Papa John's, quite frankly, is delicious. Once you've tried their pizza, you'll rarely look again to Dominoes or Pizza Hut Delivery.  They boast that their dough is 100% fresh and, much to my surprise, you CAN actually taste the difference.   The range of toppings is wide, and cater to all sorts of tastes ranging from the classic pepperoni to the more traditional Italian influenced toppings such as goat's cheese and caramelised peppers.   A particular highlight for me is the Chicken BBQ pizza, a blissful infusion  of chargrilled chicken, bacon, onions and barbecue sauce.  However, be prepared to pay a little extra for the quality. Without taking advantage of the various offers available (including frequent offers of any pizza, any size for £9.99 upon collection), prices can seem a little steep. Yet students in possession of a snapfax can rejoice with a fantastic 40% discount upon collection or 20% discount with delivery.   There are plenty side dishes and desserts available for those aiming to bring in a little variation to their takeaway pizza experience, including chicken wings, cheesecakes and Ben and Jerry's ice cream.   Overall, perhaps a bit more expensive but certainly worth it due to the superior taste over the competition.
4 Papa John's is one of those takeaways that you're going to visit at least once if you're a student in Edinburgh.  Helped by having a prominent location on South Clerk Street, I always see student types in here when I walk past.  Since I moved away from the area, I have nearly forgotten about the Papa John's goodness.  I tend to default now to using Pizza Hut for delivery - purely because I enjoy their restaurants.  As Callum rightly says, their pizzas are not the cheapest in the world, but they definitely come up to the bar in the taste stakes.  Papa John's then becomes another good reason to get yourself a Snapfax.  I've lost count of the amount of times I walk past here, and get lured towards this place by the aroma of fresh pizza.  It's a wonder I don't spend a lot more time here.  Great pizza that, when combined with a DVD from Blockbuster's opposite, is a recipe for a top night in.
4 With so many Dominos loyalists out there, I've got to take a stand for Papa John's and say they serve awesome pizza as well!   These two stores are quite competitively located on the same street i.e Nicolson/Clerk/whatever you want to call it/ street.. This pizza place is DEFINITELY geared towards delivery, as their attempt at seating includes two benches facing each other in reception. Funny enough I believe I've eaten pizza there on more than one occasion anyway!   I think I'm just always impressed by large sized pizzas, and from what I've personally had over there I would recommend the hawain, bbq chicken, and vegetarian pizzas. I won't scrutinize the quality of their dough, cheese and the like, because in my opinion, ALOT of these pizzas taste the same to me; granted they're equally delicious, but unless they're made in a wood oven by an actual italian (who has spoilt all pizzas for me since) what is there to say really?
4 Pepperoni.  Spicy mince.  Chilli cheese slices.  Jalapenos.  Extra jalapenos.  Full rectal prolapse.  If that's not the best way to spend a Friday night, I really don't know what is.
4 There's a reason why Papa John's is one of the leading pizza chains and, even though it pains many to admit it, it's because their pizzas are pretty good.  The bases are thin and crisp whilst the toppings are always generous, moist and delicious.  Their prices aren't cheap though as a decent sized one will usually cost you at least a tenner.  They make up for this by often having deals on, like two for one, which make it perfect for getting a quick and easy meal with friends.  They also hand out plenty of vouchers to students which attracts evermore custom.   They have a great selection of toppings and their meat feast in particular is amazing.  Papa John's offers great pizzas and quick service - always a winner.
4 My favourite pizza delivery service - I love the pizzas and they are delivered usually within about 20 mins.  When you order online you also get a text letting you know that your pizza is on its way.
4 Papa John's.  Now here is a pizza restaurant who know how to make good pizzas!!!    Great thick pizzas, oozing with flavour and toppings falling off the side - you definitely get your money's worth here compared to other pizza places.    Only down side is their lack of side dishes, pastas or salads but when the pizza is this good who needs anything else???    I highly recommend the hawiian or cheese and tomato with extra chorizo - the only pizza place in town who offer chorizo on their pizzas I believe.
5 My favourite pizza delivery in Edinburgh. The pizzas are so much better than the other big chains - Pizza Hut or Dominoes as their pizzas are more 'grown up' without silly toppings, gimmicks or sugary sauce. The one time they were late with my order they gave me the pizzas for free, a £15 credit for a future order and most importantly  a sincere apology!
4 I am studying abroad and I finally gave in and had something that I can easily get back in states. Sometimes you just need some pizza. Anyway, this Papa John's was quick and easy. They were friendly when I came in and got me my order in about ten minutes even though I didn't call it in ahead of time. The best part is that since I went in on a Tuesday there was a deal of the week 'two-for-one Tuesdays' so I was able to walk out with an extra pizza for free!
