4 My friend came here to get some fliers and posters printed, and apart from the good quality we were further pleased with the student discount (as the total price was a bit high).   I wondered around this shop and it seems to have the full stock for any artistic materials and supplies as well as lots of information for exhibitions and lessons around the city. Nothing is really cheap but you can tell that the quality is superb (at least to my untrained eye) and to be honest you wouldn't come in here if you wanted cheap markers anyway.
5 For the past few months, I've been trying to write (and draw) a children's book, but unfortunately real life has been getting in the way. When I eventually get back round to it, I think a visit here might be well in order.  Paints, pencils, pads, and any other art paraphernalia you can think of, Millers pretty much has it all covered. I have my eye on a particularly stunning and professional looking wooden box of colouring pencils in the window. Presented in a case more akin to the crown jewels, at £100 they don't come cheap, but you get what you pay for in this life.
4 Miller's Graphics struck me as being very specialised, stocking high quality painting supplies for the budding graphics designer.  Gavin hit the nail on the head - it's all very professional looking. With sets of hundreds of pencils in wooden cases, durable canvasses and easels, everything is of the highest quality. They have an ample supply of chalk, charcoal, graphite pencils for sketching and a selection of mediums for you to create your latest artistic masterpiece.  They stock everything your art desires (get it?), from fine pointed pens for calligraphy to spray paint for street art. But even though it's geared towards professional artists, they also sell some art books and lovely gift ideas. Their wrapping paper was absolutely gorgeous and I'm considering buying a ton and decorating a wall in the house with it. It's too beautiful to be town in two after a present has been opened!
