5 This is our 3rd appt here. So far it has been wonderful. They are always running on time and they have been terrific w/my 10 yr old son.  This is our 3rd appt here. So far it has been wonderful. They are always running on time and they have been terrific w/my 10 yr old son.
5 I absolutely love this place!  The entire staff is wonderful.  I couldn't imagine going to another place.  They are always accommodating and try to schedule you in when they know it will work best for your child and take in to consideration school hours.  My son has been going for over a year now.  Hopefully my other two will not need to go, but if they do, I will not hesitate to return.
5 I would give 10 stars if it were possible...  Dr. Saxe's and her team are absolutely amazing. From the great personalities, greetings (by name) when I walked through the door, to the Hippie décor on the walls & video games that makes a 28 year old like me want to play until it's time to go get my braces tightened lol. I may have been the oldest "kid" there, but they always made me feel so welcomed.  I moved here to Vegas from California in 2012. I came here 6+ months into my braces, and struggling to look for an Orthodontist to take over my treatments. I was almost faced with no other option but to pay nearly DOUBLE as a transfer patient than I did to get my braces originally. While at work, one of her team members approached me and gave me a business card. I called the following week & made an appointment. During my consult... I told her my budget, and she worked with me. I walked away shocked, but grateful.   My braces are off and i am now in a retainer.  She even contoured my gum line more than once to give me the perfect smile. That also saved me the trouble of looking for someone who completely understood my needs. A few weeks ago, she told me that my treatment was complete, took a picture with me to put on her wall and sent me on my way. It was a bittersweet feeling, but I will never forget what they did for me.
