4 It's common knowledge that you're more likely to find a goose that lays a golden egg than find good value in a train station food stall. For the most part. The Pasty Shop is a perfect example of this, which can be shown by comparing some like-for-like prices to the utterly magnificent Piemaker just 10 minutes walk away.  Sausage Roll  Pasty Shop £2.50 PieMaker £0.55  Cornish Pasty   Pasty Shop £2.70 Piemaker £1.10  Coffee   Pasty Shop £9.50 (or thereabouts) Piemaker £1.19  You get the drift. To my astonishment however, there was one bargain to be had, which I snapped up in seconds.  A huge cup of potato wedges for £1.65. I'm not sure if this is a genuine bargain, but for a train station it's certainly not bad. They were even quite tasty.
4 There must be one of these places in every train station in the UK now - and as such, the guy who came up with the idea of selling pasties at £3-4 a pop must be laughing like a maniac as he rows a boat over a vast lake of commuters cash.  I would recommend that the best situation to eat them in is a freezing cold winters day when you havnt had a bite to eat and you are facing a long journey. Then you could get a pasty from here. it also would help if you had recently won the lottery.  The pasties, admittadly, are pretty damn good - and there are often some very odd choices to be made (Do i go for conservative Cornish Pasty or radical Chicken Balti Pasty!?!?). They are hot, filling and tasty.  Shame then that they are so expensive.
4 Damn, this place is expensive!! When I was on my way home after my second year exams I stopped off for a pasty from here just before I got on the train.  £3.70 for a steak and pepper pasty and a bottle of coke!! I didn't expect much less as it is right in the middle of Waverley Station, but it's still pretty jaw dropping.   Nonetheless, the pasties are straight out of Cornwall and taste amazing.  Further, the guy has a great range of them, from vegetarian peppers and potato to chicken and gravy.  The steak in mine was delicious and obviously god quality with no tough or sinewy bits in it.   Their portions aren't massive and to have a good, filling lunch it'd cost you a fiver at the very least.  The quality is great though so if you're in a rush and don't mind the extra cost then this is the place.
4 Let's get the bad news out of the way first - The pasties at this wee stall in Waverly Train Station are probably double the price you'll pay at Greggs.  The good news is - they usually taste at least ten times better than Greggs. The pastry is more golden and flaky and the fillings have more depth and flavour.   On a sunny day, you can also come out of the station, cross the road and enjoy your pasty within the peace and tranquility of Princes St Gardens. You might want to pick up a fork to keep the pigeons at bay though. Once they get a sniff of your steak and ale pasty, they're bound to want a bite themselves.
4 I've never been to this stall before guessing that they where pretty expensive but what the hell there must be less calories in a pasty than a KFC, ordered my pasty with a smile but that soon disappeared when the till went ding paying with a five pound not there was not a lot of change left for the bus fare. The pasty was nice but left me trying to work out the GP% that they where making, must have been a lot.  This kiosk is expensive but probably worth it.
3 Didn't have a lot to compare to, but it worked fine for a quick breakfast to take on the train. Had the traditional cornish beef pasty. Served hot and fresh. Nice for a quick grab and carry. Can we bring one of these back to the states?
