4 For my birthday I was once given a wonderful pair of fingerless mittens bearing a Brora label, I wore them to death and they have definitely seen better days, so I decided to venture on down to the shop to source another pair. From the outside Brora looks like a nice shop with a middle class motherly sort of appeal, it specialises in cashmere and I am a sucker for cashmere. On entering all thoughts of gloves were instantly forgotten as I laid eyes on a beautiful knitted cashmere hoody, unfortunately I then looked at the price tag and discovered that my new found crush was going to set me back £250 - disappointment doesn't even begin to describe my feelings. I'm not sure that I'll ever be able to afford anything in here, so I'll just have to hope that my birthday presents get ever more extravagant as the years progress.
4 If you are into your cashmere jumpers and clothes, Brora is the place to go! This store is filled with the finest cashmere and wool clothes imaginable. Situated just round the corner from the busy shopping street George Street, Brora is in the ideal location to catch all the shoppers in the area. However, with the store being situated in the New Town area of Edinburgh, it means that the clothes come with the standard George Street prices, so it is a fairly expensive store to shop in.   It is nice and spacious inside and they have arranged their clothes according to colour, which is handy if you are looking for specific colour, then all the items in that specific colour will all be grouped together. The clothes are incredibly soft to touch, as they are made with pure cashmere, and so they are of excellent quality. Brora sells lots of jumpers, cardigans and wraps as well as accessories such as gloves and scarves. I absolutely adore their round necked cardigans which cost £179 - pretty pricey so I always buy them in the sale.   However, I have recently begun to fell that Brora has become a wee bit too big for its boots as their sales barely reduce the price, with the same cardigan costing £139 - its still pricey. Having said that, it hasn't stopped me from buying their sale clothes so they must be doing something right! I lovely store selling fabulous stock, just wish their sales massively reduced the original price.
3 I always thought there was something a touch conservative about Brora and when I ventured in recently, my suspicions were confirmed. There was a group of yummy mummies shopping for new outfits and a couple of Samantha Cameron lookalikes trying on new dresses.   To add insult to injury, Brora's prices are steep and their spring and summer collection seems to fall somewhere between M&S and Monsoon. We're talking Liberty print dresses, pinstripe pencil skirts, embroidered smock dresses, striped boleros, lambswool waistcoats and V neck cardigans.   Whilst there's plenty of ladies that appreciate this style of fashion, I'm not one of them.
4 So, Brora. I know it's quite straight laced and a tad more expensive than a lot of places on the high street, but its high quality knits justify the price tag.  Their V neck sweaters and floral print blouses aren't racy, but they're not staid or sensible either. Their ladies range is tasteful while also adding a touch of flair with lace trimmings, and contemporary while maintaining a level of sophistication.  They have some cute, quaint kids stuff and some knitted cardi's for the guys. Overall I would say that the store specialises in grown up fashions that are wholesome without being boring. Their dresses and jumpers could be dressed up with various accessories, but their clothing ranges seem appropriate for all occasions. They keep their styles fresh but their garments are geared towards a cool and mature audience.
