4 Kurt Geiger is the closest to Christian Louboutin I am ever going to get. The shoes around cheap, with most being around 100 pound but they are so pretty to look at. And 100 pound isn't too expensive if they are pretty to look at!  I once got a pair for 30 pound reduced from a hundred. Lovely, and they were super comfy, the heel tips were metal so didn't need re-heeled after one wear. They were great until I walked through a muddy field and ruined them. But they were so pretty to look at!   The sales in here are good, so best show up around sale time and grab a bargain. Did I mention they are pretty to look at?
5 This is a pretty large branch of Kurt Geiger, well, the largest branch I've come across anyway. I love the window display with stacks of shoes laid out in their own little box, if only I had a shoe library like that. I probably have enough shoes to do that, just not enough space in my overcrowded room.  They have so many different styles from sandals, to platforms, to wedges, to really high stilettos. The shoes may be quite pricey but as other reviewers have mentioned, they often have sales on and they are darn good sales too with 50% off and more.  I have a couple of pairs of Carvela shoes, my favourite pair have a fabric flower on the front and super high heels, I love them and as they are black, I can wear them with just about everything.
5 Yeah they have lovely shoes and everything, but their sale is amazing. Seriously, I walked away with a pair of Ugg Boots, black patent heels and yellow pumps for £35. I felt like I was robbing the place - I went straight home (taking the long route so they wouldn't follow me) and put them straight in my wardrobe - nobody is taking them away from me!!   My black patent heels in particular have seen me well. My mum bought a pair of boots here recently and absolutely loves them, they are so cool!! The thing with Kurt Geiger, unlike most designer shops, is that quality comes before aesthetics. They are always made really well and are very comfortable. What's more, the staff are brilliant! They are always wearing some of the stock (which must be painful following a 8 hour shift) and make it look so lovely! One of the girls told me they had sold 12 pairs of shoes just because she was wearing them and made them look good. I am included in said 12.  As I say, it's a brilliant shop and has one of the best sales around. Don't go in pre-sale, you'll just hate yourself when you see the heels you bought with 75% off!
4 I'm significantly more comfortable wearing trainers, but thought I'd take a sneaky look in here at the small men's section as I needed some new shoes for work. The ones I've got are a bit too pointy, somewhat like a 1920s Al Capone type would wear. so I hoped that old Kurt could come up trumps with something a bit less sharp but not too middle-aged, middle manager looking.  Sadly he couldn't, and the mens' selection was either just as pointy as I had been looking to leave behind, or beige coloured and more suited to a yachting trip. At the best part of £100 they weren't exactly a steal either.  Given that all the female reviewers have been endlessly cooing about this one, I'll suggest that perhaps Kurt Geiger is a good bit better at catering for the fairer sex.
