1 Used o live Frys. Over the past few years, we've bought cameras, office supplies ad in July 2011, my hubby decided he had to have a 3d TV.  Found a Sharp he liked at Frys. Bought it and let them sell him an extended warranty.  Three weeks go, we noticed a bright blue line going vertically up he TV.  Calling the customer service number got the run around for a week.  They kept telling the hubby that someone would call back.  Last week we finally went into the store.  First service rep we spoke with couldn't tell us why no one was retuning calls. Manager came over because she saw I was filming this. After she let me know they don't allow filming or photos inside, she said their customer service calls go to a call center in Santa Rosa, CA.  Guess that's better than out-sourcing overseas but it results in pathetic customer service.  Finally one of the in-store workers got someone at " Corporate" to say they could schedule one of the local contractors to come out and take. A look.  When the locals cme out, they said it was a main panel & would probably be cheaper to replace but we'd have to wait to hear from Frys warranty.  They also suggested we call them if we didn't hear in a couple of days, we didn't hear so hubby started trying to call again.  Got nowhere. So he went o the store this afternoon.  Had to wait in line 45 mins.  The in store customer service guy has to call the extended warranty folks.  He was put on hold for ten minutes. Then he was finall told they would be calling us.  No idea when or what they are proposing to replace the TV with.    I've been tweeting about their lousy customer service with no response.  Now I'm sharing on yelp.  Trust me, if you want a dependable product with a reliable warranty, run away from Frys. Frys has the worst customer service ever. I give them 1 star because yelp doesn't let me give them minus one.
3 The shopping experience was just ok.
1 Just like my fellow yelper, I too had purchased a warranty for $99.00. For some reason 6 months later the TV would turn but no picture. I called FRY's and they transferred me to the warranty department. I was told that someone would come to my home to fix it. In a few days 2 technicians from an LG approved company (no Frys) came and took 2 min. to let me know that I needed a new panel. They said they would be back next week to fix it.  Three weeks go by, no call, no show. I called the company back and asked for status. They told me that Fry's denied the claim. They said I should call Fry's for more information. I called Fry's and they said they denied it because it was too expensive to purchase the new panel. I asked then why did I purchase this warranty for if it doesn't do me any good? They transferred me to a manager, Gabriel. He said I could exchange it. I told him I didn't want to do that because it's not a regular TV. Its an LG EZ Sign TV. He said he would check on it and that he or someone else would get back to me. It's been 3 days. No call from anyone. I won't be holding my breath. I'm still patiently waiting. If I don't get a call tomorrow. I'm going to have to call back.  What I don't understand is, why do they give us customers some pressure to purchase these warranties if somehow they try to wheezle out of the commitment.  I will follow up with you on the outcome.
