4 A long time ago this was a cinema, and this stage has even had Nirvana play on it. I've seen a couple of gigs here recently. Its not a huge venue but its certainly bigger than Cabaret Voltare. It has the usual stone walls, pricey bar and sticky floor. They still hold unders nights here, and I have been one of those parents cramming too many teens into the family car. The bouncers run a tight ship, but I've always found them, chatty, helpful and very nice guys. There are always rumours of closure but I hope it never does. Edinburgh needs venues of this size and emotastic teens need somewhere to go on a Saturday night.
4 Studio 24 is probably as far away as you'll get from any mainstream banter in Edinburgh. It aims to be completely different, and does so pretty excellently.  If you want Reggae, Dancehall, Dubstep, Punk, New Wave, Mod, Ska, Rockabilly, Surf, 60s, Psychedelia, Garage, Soul, Rock, Metal, Hardcore, Industrial, Goth, Breaks, Balkan, Psy-trance, Techno or House, then this is your place. Alternative is the name of Studio 24's game (like a nice rhyme), so if you want your jaded night time outings to be jolted back to life with a big zap of something different, then I recommend giving this well established venue a try.  As well as the range of alternative nights held here, there are also a lot of live performances, and a night called The Mission, for classic rock and metal, which my rock music loving friends keep banging on about. Last time I was here I watched an awesome Ska band, then danced badly to some Reggae. The club's interior isn't aesthetically stunning or anything, but it does have huge character, and the space for gig watching is pretty big. I don't know any other venue where you get such a wide range of different kinds of people and styles mixing in the same room, and that's what really struck me when I was here. Dance and dress how you want without the fear of pretension and dubious vibes stopping you from enjoying yourself.
4 Hosting a variety of very good nights in Edinburgh, such as the amazing Itchy Feet and Balkanarama, I have grown to like this place. It's not the the biggest or certainly not the prettiest club but these events do become quite crowded, but it's nice that the dance floor is somewhat separate from the bar and that there is a large stage and a convenient outdoor smoking area.   I once got got dizzy from the smoke machines here but I think they have fixed them since then. The cloak room is tiny and manned by one person so on a busy night expect ques. There is also a second bar as you enter up the stairs which is more laid back and has more couches.  The main bar is pricey for the sloppy drinks it serves but you don't really come here for the bar, it's more for the event that's on.   Studio 24 is located under Carlton Hill and there isn't a whole lot of alternatives around but it always seems to be popular with the young crowds of the City.
4 Studio 24 is one of Edinburgh's premier alternative night clubs. Set on two floors, each with its own bar and nightclub, its not actually the biggest club given the numbers that can attend.  When I first moved to Edinburgh I used to visit Studio 24 with friends on a Saturday night for their "Retribution" night, which features more classic rock and heavy metal than anything else (but still a range of rock in between). This is probably Studio 24's busiest night. Throughout the week they have several other themes, but all tend toward various rock, punk, and associated genres.  The bar isn't fantastic and a little overpriced. But if you're planning on drinking and you're sensible you've probably been to a bar beforehand anyway. One thing I've always liked about Studio 24 are the clean toilets!   I'll always have a soft spot for Studio 24. For someone who feels uncomfortable and out of place in many clubs, Studio 24 offers an alternative atmosphere, one of surprising openness and tolerance, even if half the clientele look like vampires.
4 Studio 24 is great in that way that really skanky clubs are great. I mean, the amount of times I've been there an come home covered in beer and seen the walls sweat while I danced is a number you couldn't reach by counting all your limbs, digits, strands of hair (I'm prone to exaggeration). Again, I think one qualitative aspect of a venue is its ability to choose decent nights to put on, and Studio 24 puts on one of the best nights in Edinburgh: Balkanarama. It used to be the kind of night that was kind of underground, but in the last year or so it's picked up momentum and has acquired quite a following. And Studio 24 is the perfect venue for it: there's an acoustic session in the upstairs bar, and downstairs there's live music by bands such as Black Cat and Orkestra del Sol. Once, Saska, who runs the night, put it on at the HMV Picturehouse, which we were all excited about because it's a proper venue. But it just wasn't skanky enough. The walls didn't sweat and it was too easy to get away from the music if you found yourself exhausted from dancing.   Yes, you won't come home smelling clean from a night out at Studio 24, but neither would you want to.
4 Studio 24 is dutty (yeh I said it...dutty), but in that really cool eway. It is a grimy little club down around the back of Waverley but has some amazing club nights on and just is one of those filthy places that are awesome. The crowd are always either rock kids, punks, hippies, grungers or some form of alt chic and there is a really good anti-mainstream feel to the club. The music shows this as well, with weekly rock nights and the best one -Balkanarama - being the complete opposite of George Street. It is awesome Eastern European folk rock music, kind of like a night of Gogol Bordello impersonators.   They also have great live music as well, and this is saying something in Edinburgh. Normally there are underground alternate bands, but occasionally there are awesome names playing (like Rancid, who I saw 2 years ago and were incredible). The venue is just the right size for these as well, it is small enough to have a great atmosphere but big enough not to be too cramped.   They have a bar in the main room which sells the normal beers you'd expect at a gig venue, and another upstairs. This smaller second room is often overlooked by people but you can find some great acoustic sets up there and it's a good place to chill out once you've moshed a bit too hard.  A dirty little place but it relies on the music and with this, it is one of the best clubs in Edinburgh.
2 As venues go this is one of a strict dichotomy, the upstairs is freezing, the downstairs is boiling and everywhere Inbetween is inexplicably soaking wet.  The bar is reasonably priced but it takes so long to get served that it's hardly worth it. Both cloakrooms were full before midnight and it really didn't feel worth the £9 entry fee.   The toilets had  no signage to distinguish between male and female so we ended up with two unisex mish mashes, There are plenty of arcade machines dotted around the place but very few of them seemed to work.  All in there are lots of things making this a less than average venue, the least of which is the lack of ventilation and thus escape from the foul smell that clogs up the place.  As it stands I was there for a very particular event and whilst I may revisit the club were the event to revisit the same location; I'd be much more prepared to see it somewhere else and give this place a wide berth....
2 I have such mixed feelings about this place, it was the first club I ever went to and being into "alternative music" was, and still is, one of the very few options I have in Edinburgh for a going out a for a dance and I have had some truly great nights out there.  It also hosts gigs, an being a big fan live music I often attend for that purpose.  As a club, its OK, Saturday night (the rock night) is when I tend to go and although I hardly go nowadays (compared to every week or two when I was younger) it seems to be the same songs every week  and has been the same for the last 10 years (it does feel like i go back in time every time I step in) and they do play some more modern stuff now, the same old same tunes are guaranteed to prevail.  It can be fun though,  and yes its dirty, and sweaty and the toilets stink and the floors stick, but to be honest that's what makes this place "the studios" and its cheap enough.  If they tried to do the same thing is a clean, modern and shiny venue it would just fall flat on its arse.  Problem is, it seems to have got a bit elitist and judgemental and the last few times I have been there I have spent WAY too long trying to get a drink and getting blatantly ignored in favour of the regulars, to the point where even they had to tell bar staff that it was time to serve me.  This has happened to pretty much everyone i know that doesn't fit a stereotypical rock/punk/emo/metal look and just seems a bit crazy seeing as their numbers are in decline, you would think they would be encouraging custom, not pushing it away.  Problem is, with the likes of the Cathouse and Classic Grand in Glasgow showing how it should be done, its hard not to compare and end up with the conclusion that Studio 24 pales in comparison, especially as its so easy to just take the trip to Glasgow for a night out instead and get the night bus home.  As a gig venue though, it is one of the best small venues in Edinburgh.  Its a good size, with good sound and a great layout for viewing and wish there were more small bands that I like playing here rather than Glasgow.  The staff don't cause any grief when its a gig either, which is nice.  Its an Edinburgh Institution, and i'll no doubt be back and i'll no doubt have fun, I will just never hold my hopes very high!
3 "Um. Guys. Are we going the right way? Really? Cos this doesn't look the right way. I mean...wait is this a dodgy bridge? Ok let's keep walking. Faster. Oh wait that looks like it might be a club entrance in the middle of nowhere on a derelict road that, despite being 3 minutes from Waverly Train Station, feels like it's 20 miles into the countryside. And it is. Perfect."  So Studio 24 is kinda out of the way. And it's quite a basic club set up. Nothing fancy. Reminds me of my student union days. Not in a good or a bad way - it just does. It has fun club nights though: Green Door, a 1950s rockabilly style twist n' shout affair with free candy on the table, good tunes and an even better crowd. And some art / music competitions. And 90s nights (I wondered when they would come around!) and some more obscure goth punk thrash nights with strobe lights (I accidentally wandered in). There are two floors so Green Door and punk/goth/strobe were on the same night.  If you expect a re-run of your student union days, and go in a crowd so you're not walking down that random road and under that dodgy bridge alone (it's really on 2 minutes off the Royal Mile, but the first time anywhere always seems so much longer doesn't it?) then you'll probably have a pretty decent night.   In fact I think that's it for me. I came here with a good group, there were awesome twist n' shout tunes, and we had a blast. But as far as the club goes itself, very 'blank canvas' and somewhat 'meh'. Plastic cups, cheap drinks (both price and quality) but bring good mates, have good time. Done.
5 Best reviewed by the immortal lyrics of The Hooters,   And we danced like a wave on the ocean, romanced We were liars in love and we danced Swept away for a moment by chance And we danced and danced danced.  And we kissed boys 1/2 our age and we wore 50's clothes  and we drank shots of buckshot  and we walked home with no shoes on and we may or may not have witnessed the making of a homosexual orgy and we ate candy off the tables  and we didn't hate even one second (which is rare for me, cause dancing gives me hives)  I hate clubs, but I don't hate Studio 24... so there's enough reason to give it five stars right there...
3 As a night club the Studios is a bit out of the way and in all honest probably isn't worth the walk to get there, if this sounds like a rather negative opening gambit, give me a moment to explain the A-OK rating.  Studio 24 is a great mid sized gig venue, I have seen various rock/metal/thrash/industrial bands here and enjoyed it immensely. They have a proper sound desk and the sound quality is good (if occasionally a little loud) along with decent lighting and projectors, this place is a good venue. On the nights where it hosts a gig studios is worth the wander away from the beaten track.  So it's good? Well the thing is beer/cider comes in bottles or cans (no draught) and the spirits are your generic ovd/smirnoff/gordons type all served in plastic glasses (though they are reasonably priced) as you may tell I am a little conflicted.  Let me attempt to sum up, Studio 24 is a good (maybe even great) venue but an average club, my recommendation is come for a gig and stick around with the gig crowd and on other nights well there are a host of better clubs.
3 I go to Studio 24 on a regular basis, mainly for their monthly nights. In particular, Green Door on the 2nd / 3rd (I can't remember) Saturday of each month: a retro 'disco' night, playing only tunes from the 50s and 60s for you to shake it up (baby), twist and shout.  I love the night, but I always warn friends who are thinking of going that the club itself is a bit scaffy. It reminds me of those cringe-worthy school discos at 1st year in school. Dusty wooden floors, chairs and tables scattered round with a space made for the dance floor.  But at Green Door there's a papier mache crocodile (the Rock-adile) looking after the free cake (that's always delicious) and a barber giving gents a proper Danny-from-Grease flick hair style. The scaffyness kind of suits it.  The club itself is down a dodgy road, under a bridge, behind Waverley train station. Wouldn't recommend going down there alone.  The bouncers are always friendly. The staff on the door are nice. It's just very cheap, scaffy, a bit old. I'd go here for themed nights, but not much else.
4 My attraction to Studio 24 is mostly based on the general vibe of the place, the crowd it tends to attract, and many magical nights I've spent there. The bulk of my outings there have been for Balkanarama (hands down the best night out in Edinburgh outside of the festival).  But, I've been for a few other events there and it's always been brilliant.  It's a wee bit out of the way, but there's something special about making your way there from the cobbles of Old Tolbooth Wynd, past the empty lots and into the dimness of Calton road.  The club itself is my favourite sort - dark, slightly grubby, with a hint of dinginess that suggests the residue of many excellent gigs and club nights.  The size, in my mind, is perfect - big enough to have good-sized crowds, without feeling like you're being swallowed by the space.  Great sound quality, awesome upstairs room with a more chilled-out vibe, and always an eclectic crowd of people.  The bar's nothing special and the underground-ness means the downstairs can smell a bit like a basement, but who cares - these are minor quibbles.  Turn up, enjoy some great music/dancing, and be yourself - this is an unpretentious and excellent venue and a great counterpoint to the other club scenes of George St and Cowgate.
3 Studio 24 is definitely not my sort of place and i don't think that i'd ever have found myself here.  however when a friend organised her birthday night and planned to go to Studio 24 for its Green Door night, i said yes and found myself looking forward to it.  Green Door is sort of a pop up 50s/60s dance night upstairs from the usual bar of Studio 24.  the place is a bit off the beaten track, in fact i wasn't sure where we were going until we actually got there.  it's £2 to get in before 11pm and £5 thereafter, so while not free to get in it's not expensive either.  drinks are also on the less expensive side, so it's a good night out if you are looking to keep costs low.  the space itself is a bit of what i'd call frat party-esque.  sticky floors, random array of tables and chairs, and a hand drawn assortment of decorations on the way, while you continue to question the cleanliness of anything you touch the whole night.  the main attraction of Green Door however is the music!  and what fun it was, loads of hits from the 50s and 60s to twist and shout to!!  i loved that there were so many people dressed up for the night, proper 50s hair dos and dresses, it really added a fun element to the night.  i definitely had a great boogie and a good time!  not sure if this is really my sort of place, but last night i had a great time and with enough drinks first could probably be persuade to go again!
4 Studio 24 is a bit of a strange place. 'Are we there yet? Are you sure it's this way? Are we in Glasgow? We've walked quite far and this kind of looks like Glasgow. Are we close?' tend to be how conversations go on the walk over to this place (although in fairness, it's not really THAT far, it's just in a quiet area).  The place is a bit scruffy, there's no doubt. But the bouncers and bar staff are friendly and they offer something a bit different from the sticky floors and bright lights of other Edinburgh clubs and for that, it wins an extra star.  I came here for a roller disco (!!) and it was the perfect place for it. It wasn't too expensive, with £5 entry and £2 skate hire. The music wasn't so loud that it made it hard to talk to others and it was small enough that it made it easy to spark up conversations with other patrons (often leading with 'are you really rubbish at this too?!').  Studio 24 most certainly wouldn't be to everyone's liking, but it has a certain charm and I will definitely be at their next roller disco (I'll be the one with bruised elbows and knees).
2 Not a place that I've regularly been in - I think I've been here maybe twice before - and I'm quite happy about that.  It's a multi use kind of venue - gigs, night clubs, dancin' and the odd pro wrestling show ('mon the ICW guys!) which means it's jack of all trades, master of none. Club nights mean there's a 10pm curfew for any gigs at the weekend. I came out of a gig last night and it was still daylight! Wahssupwidat???  The venue itself is handy, being a straight 5 minute walk down the hill from Waverley station, and the staff are all friendly and helpful. It's the set up that lets it down for me.  It was ROASTING in here. Precious little, if any, fresh air getting in thanks to the way the only door into the main area is at the back, away from the stage. Overbearing lighting didn't help (I could swear the guitarist was actually melting in front of me) and I was desperate for a drink of water to try and cool off.  Of course, being such a small venue means that people were packed in and moving was more or less an impossibility... I saw a couple of people looked REALLY worse for wear with the heat; I think I sweated off a ton of weight and needed a shower when I got home as it felt like everything was still stuck to me.  The bar as well, that needs addressing. No draft tap. None. Not one. Just lukewarm fridged cans. I got a can of Red Stripe when I went in, and it wasn't cold. Unforgiveable! As such, I didn't buy anything else while I was there.  There are far better and bigger gig venues to attend. This is not one of my favourites, I have to say.  Maybe I'm just too old to appreciate being squeezed in like a sardine, battered about, and overheating to dangerous levels?
