5 I've drank cider as my pre-drink of choice for virtually the whole of my first two years at uni.  Thus far it's been Tesco's own three litres for only £2.78, recently usurped by Scotmid's own.  After walking up Leith Walk during the day before a night out I decided to have a snoop around Vino to see if they could offer anything superior in quality but similar in price.  I bought two bottle's of the West Country's finest which cost just short of £5, but were certainly worth it.  The taste was far cleaner and it was nowhere near as gassy as the sort I (and my flatmates) have been indulging in for the last two years. As well as outstanding and uniquely sourced beers and ciders, Vino also stocks vintage white and red wines and a whole range of quality spirits.  Their malt whiskey selection in particularly impressive.  It's all pretty pricey, but the quality is indisputable and are friendly and seem knowledgable.  Well worth a look, unless you don't drink.
5 This is a great shop. Its really helped by the fact its independant so, as i understand it, they can stock whatever they want without being told by a wider company what they've to stock.  Although it's called Vino it's very much a wine / ales / lager / cider / whisky / spirits shop and, from what i can see, everything is good quality and fairly priced. Im more into beers than wine but the one time i bought some wine i was given really useful and friendly advice and it turned out to be spot on. In terms of beers i'd have to say its surprisingly excellent. The range is fairly focused on Scottish beers which is great to see but they also have a good selection of UK and foreign beers, some fairly hard to get hold of so i've been impressed with that. I'd like to continue to support them and hope other do too as its a local business and seems very customer focused rather than necessarily driven by the bottom line which is great to see nowadays and is a very welcome addition to the likes of Appelation Wines and Cornelius.
4 A decent enough off-license, but blanket 5 star reviews is perhaps going a bit overboard. I can see how Gibson is grateful for getting weaned off the White Lightning, and how the mysterious Calum R is grateful for a store whichshares his enthusiasm for more leftfield brews, it isn't all that mindblowing in my opinion.  It does have a good selection, especially when it comes to the foreign beers which are my main point of interest, and despite the slightly pretentious name it feels a bit less wanky than many of the other businesses on the increasingly nauseating Broughton Street. Deep down it is really just an offy though.
