4 I don't find a Taste of Italy to look as Italian as it may like, but if you're looking for a quickly whipped up satisfying pizza, then chow down on what this place has to offer.  Convenient and styled like a modern fast food establishment (with a few booths included so you can sit in) A Taste of Italy is a pretty tasty option if you're looking for takeaway in a hurry. It pulls a lot of its business in from the neighbouring Playhouse, and from people making their way to and from work.  Interestingly, this place is owned by the man who is behind the absolutely delicious Vittoria restaurants. It's proof you shouldn't judge a book by its cover since I find the exterior to look more takeaway than culinery delights. But I appreciate that Crolla is attempting to move in a different direction, and it opens up his highly acclaimed business enterprise to another audience. This platform does the job nicely - all the quality of the Vittoria's cooking but lower prices and a different pace of service.   If I stayed within a mile of this place, I would happily become obese. But considering I don't, I satisfy my cravings when I'm through at the theatre. Bella, bella!
4 Compared to some of the other takeaways and restaurants on Leith Walk, Taste of Italy catches your eye with its large, glass front and colourful sign.  Further, it's situated right around the corner from the Playhouse and so does a roaring trade both before and after shows.   I came here about two months ago and was impressed by how clean and fresh it is inside.  It feels like takeaway-come-cafe inside, but there is only table service which is provided by friendly and welcoming waitresses.  As the name suggests, virtually all the food is Italian, with plenty of different pizzas and pasta dishes to choose from, as well as burgers with chips.   I went for the penne al ragu which was pasta in a rich tomato and meat sauce.  It didn't seem to take long all to be prepared, was served in a generous portion.  My mate ordered their margherita pizza which looked like it had a thin, crispy base and a thick, cheesy topping.  Including drinks, we paid about £13 all together which seemed reasonable considering how good the food was.   Taste of Italy is certainly worth a look for a well-priced and tasty meal with good service.
4 I wasn't sure if I could take this restaurant seriously, as I felt the modern building, as well as the name were quite dubious!  So I was pleasantly surprised when I finally went in last week. The first thing that hit me were the desserts. They've got a whooping large variety, and the presentation is so great I considered cleaning the counter out bank robbery style!   Taste of Italy (cringe!) has been open for just a few months, and it does indeed have that smell of fresh enterprise. The menu is extremely varied, and though I only grabbed a dessert to go (how can one resist a profiterole CAKE!) they also serve breakfast, pizzas, salads,pasta, paninis and burgers.   I suspect they're trying to stand out from the numerable Italian restaurants in the area, as there is something a bit younger and livelier about the colours and design of the place. Personally, I'm more of an old soul, but the food here is great. Did I also mention cheap?
5 I'm baffled to find that this place is apparently new. I could have sworn it was here years ago.  Despite then proving evidence of my increasingly deluded and hallucinatory behaviour, Taste of Italy still impressed enough on my sole visit to be firmly on my radar next time I'm down this end. Sadly that's all too rare an occasion, as despite it being my favourite part of Edinburgh duty rarely takes me here.  My cappuccino was creamy, frothy to the bottom, and generally just pretty fantastic. The dark chocolate shavings instead of the usual powdered gunk was a further Brucie Bonus. The ciabatta with creamy mozzarella, and bursting with big meaty tomatoes, was also as faultless as you could ask for.  Fingers crossed I'm back down this end of town soon.
3 A hustling and bustling atmosphere at the lunchtime made it reassuringly popular. Service was efficient and menu choice was broad. However, I only give it 3 stars because the food was tasty but not particularly authentic. On the plus side the food was definitely on the cheaper side, so one can forgive this. A great budget eatery.
3 Fast in, fast out, not really cheap, but not particularly expensive, decent Italian food.  Here for lunch. Had Tagliatelle al Pollo, which was nice, but not fabulous. At £5.95, perhaps a bit wee and a bit dear, but I just couldn't be bothered with a sandwich. It was nice, but in hte "something you could throw together at home for about a quid" kind of nice.  It is quick, central, and with attentive staff. Feels like a chain-- not sure if it is.  Good, but not fantastic, coffee...
4 From the same stable as Vittoria, La Favorita, and Divino Enoteca, diner-style Italian, Taste of Italy, offers good quality at high speed. If you're looking for a fast bite, this place is ideal.  Overall, we said: "Taste of Italy serves high quality dishes, quickly and efficiently, at a very reasonable cost. It keeps things simple, focuses on flavour, and has a bunch of happy customers, as a result. It's a great spot for a quick, high-value bite, so I'd happily recommend that you pay it a visit, soon."
4 Want food without having to reserve a table at a fancy restaurant and bypassing the expensive prices of the city centre without having to travel too far away?    This little casual dining cafe is a great spot for fast food without having to resort to McDonald's or Burger King.    Great anytime of day whether it be poached eggs and smoken salmon (delish, just what the hangover ordered!!!) for breakfast, panini for lunch, afternoon coffee and cake or even burgers for dinner - this place offers it all!!!    Meet the girls for Saturday brunch before hitting the shops, catch up on the gossip from the previous night's adventures or grab some food here before heading to the cinema.  For any occassion this place is a winner.
4 We were recommended Taste of Italy by a  family member and I'm glad he mentioned it. The place is small but the food is freshly prepared and delicious. The service is fast (possibly a bit abrupt ?) and there's not a lot of tables, but that appears to be the appeal of the place: good food, quickly and off you go.  If you want a nice relaxing or romantic  meal this probably isn't the place for you but if you want good food at a reasonable price (and, judging by the accents of the other patrons, I suspect more authentic than most Italian restaurants) you have to check it out.
1 very disappointed by my experience at this place! unfortunately the matter was to do with the rudeness of staff. Came in on Wednesday the 9th of july at 9.45. There were 2 female members of staff waiting on the floor, the brunette younger waitress was extremely rude when i asked if it was possible to sit in a booth as she was practically forcing me to sit on one of the high stools. I'm not sure if this was an inconveinience for her or whatever but she did not say anything, she just looked at me like i was a piece of dirt and then moved the cutlery from the space i wanted to sit in a rude manner, she did not speak to me at all, not a peep but instead rolled her eyes at the other blonde waitress. Extremely rude, did not feel welcome in this eatery and decided to leave.
