4 It may not look like much from the outside, but C J's is a homely, comfy cafe and a great place to grab a plate of chips that'll see you through the day.  Their exterior is simple and makes it look a wee bit like a fast food diner. It is, however, a lot healthier than that, although you can get a really decent morning roll and a big plate of chips and beans on the cheap.  The inside is modest, but they have loads of pictures hanging up on the walls and loads of tables. The pine tables are modern and functional, but leave some space for manouvre in between.   Aside from the price being cheap, the community feel in C J's makes it above all a great cafe. There are ads dotted about on the walls posted by locals, and the staff are really friendly. You get the impression a lot of locals come down here for a brew and are always remembered and valued by customers. They offer a bit more at lunchtime than just panini's and all in all it's a very pleasant eat indeed!
4 CJ's Cafe is a great, greasy spoon style little cafe offering excellent food at excellent prices and an ample area in which to sit and eat it. It's larger than it looks from outside and it's a nice, inoffensive little cafe to have a sit in.  They do great deals and I opted for the £2.75 meal deal which included a bacon roll, a bag of crisps and a bottle of diet coke. A rather reasonable price indeed and my bacon roll was delish. They also had slightly more expensive deals with baked potatoes and other assorted snacks and combinations but none of them were over £5 which is great value for money.
5 Dalry Road, and it's neighbouring Gorgie Road, remind me a bit of a slightly less fantastic, more reserved Leith Walk. It still has it's share of great little businesses though, and CJ's cafe really isn't bad at all.  If I'm getting off at Haymarket in the morning, and have time to make the short trek, I'll pop in for a roll and bacon or square sausage. The former is always nice and crispy, the latter nice and meaty without a hint of squidginess.  I really can't ask for more than that.
4 We're spoiled in Edinburgh for Cafes; the finest continental breakfast, the finest coffee, ... but there are cold, rainy days were only a large fry up in a traditional good ol' "greasy spoon" will do. This is the one.  I love this place, right on Dalry Rd opposite the big supermarket. It is the best place if you want a fry up and great value for money too. There is ample room to sit in or you can get something to take away if you live nearby like I do (my usual is a sausage & tatty scone roll, 3 sausages & 2 tatty scones in a roll, a steal at £1.80).  It is family owned and operated, they are very friendly and will get to recognise you, and there's a great ambience in the cafe, a few regulars and some pensioners all dressed up for their early morning breakfast.  There aren't many of these places left, I hope we can keep those still around.
3 A substitute option for me when the Clock is packed out to the gunnels, CJ's does the job of greasy spoon very well. Old school plastic signs, handwritten notes pinned up to the wall, big mugs of hot tea and the obligatory Tunnocks tea cake. All well and good.   I've only been in for breakfast, for which you get an enormous plate of food for £5, complete with mug of tea to wash it down. Unfortunately we had a bit of a wait for the grub, which irked me a little as I was so hungry. The food was perfectly passable, but too many items of poor quality put me off a bit. I would have preferred less on the plate with better quality if I'm honest. And as it's a greasy spoon you'd expect grub to be on the shiny side, which it definitely was.   Still, it filled a large hole and even leaving three items on the plate I was stuffed. So value for money wise it can't be knocked! If you need a hungover fixer then this is your port of call for sure. It's also a perfect example of greasy spoonism so gets a thumbs up for that alone :)
5 I love this place.  I moved into the area a few months ago, and decided to pop in one morning after a night of too many beers.  I've been back countless times since! It's cosy and homely, the walls covered in interesting memorabilia from Oor Wullie annuals (which are also for sale), to Las Vegas show tickets, and James Bond memorabilia.   The breakfast rolls are always massive and stuffed with whatever greasy goodness you're in the mood for, all for an extremely reasonable price.  The staff are the best thing about this place. I find it's too rare that you get proper personal and genuine customer service outwith the high-end commercial hospitality industry, but the staff here are always friendly and genuine people pleasers.   For sitting in or to take away, this place is a real gem which I kick myself for not discovering sooner.
5 Love cjs! Cheap and cheerful. Great service and quirky decor. Best breakfast in edinburgh.
