5 So I KNEW it was a matter of time before I had to suck it up and get my A/C fixed now that I live in Arizona, at 110 degree the putting it off period was coming to an end.  After making 6, I kid you not SIX calls to local auto repair places I was disheartened.  Not only was I looking at an average of $75-$100 quotes just to check my car out, not even hook it up to the diagnosis machine, I was ready to cry when they all said most likely it was my A/C compressor and that would run $400 at the very least to fix.  I called Reilly's American Auto, I was ready to call the search off for the day and become a hermit.  The man who answered was polite and knowledgeable.  He listened to my car issues and told me to come in whenever it worked for be before 5 pm.  I asked how much I was looking to have to cough up to get a diagnosis and he said "Nothing, we do that for pretty much nothing!  After taking a second to double check I hadn't heard that wrong and told him I'd be in the next day.  I figured this would be like all mechanics, you know what I mean, when a few minutes means hours.  I went over today and they reviewed my car issues (wait, what?!  he actually LISTENED?  NO WAY!!)  Paul called a guy in to take my car around, stressing that it has an auto locking system so they guys would take care not to lock my keys in(ANOTHER SHOCK!).  In under an hour they gave me back my keys and said I was ready to go(calling me Miss no less *swoon* as 30 approaches that gets brownie points!).  I walked over to the counter to find out how much it would cost and they told me it was FREE!  They cleaned my air intake and I was golden!  I stood there waiting for the usual list of costly "Must have or you will crash and die" repairs and was told I should put some work into my car but nothing life or death and to have a great day!!    Long story short, I LOVE this place!  They were friendly but not creepy, knowledgeable but use that knowledge for good and not evil price gouging and handing out needless service to do lists.  Their prices are fair from the price estimates he gave me for the "down the road work".  They are officially MY new mechanics!
5 This place is amazing!  My daughter moved to AZ to attend professional school, knowing nobody let alone someone to fix her car.  She had an issue with her hatchback and someone local recommended Paul's.  Paul and others in the shop treated her so well and fixed her problem within minutes.  They welcomed her to the area and even went a step further and gave her emergency numbers to call in case her car breaks down!  I highly recommend Paul's!
5 Great Shop!  Easy location.  Knowledgeable staff.  You can tell Paul has been around a long time...his experience shows and shines through.  They get to the problem fast and make sure it gets done.  I could go anywhere to get "repairs" done but I choose to go to Pauls because he makes you feel like part of the family.  He answers to phone and tells you what is really going on, not giving you lip service about what you want to here.
5 I had an amazing experience with Paul's Auto. They were able to give me an estimate on my repairs over the phone and I was surprised it was considerably lower than another national chain that I always bring my vehicle to. I was also pleased one of the shop guys (Mike) was able to run me home and pick me up the next day. What service! Also when I did return for my vehicle, I was informed two of the repairs recommended by the other national chain were not even necessary at all. Thank you for being honest and saving my hard earned dollars! I will definitely be returning for all of my car maintenance needs.
