1 Ok I thought well there is a circus coming to town at "1 Saint Vincents Drive, Novato, CA" and maybe we should go take our child to see it. I always used to fondly remember going to the circus in Nola. But what I overlooked was that was Ringling Bros. They had huge big tops, lions, elephants, tons of funny clowns and more.  Well this place is the exact opposite. First we drove up to a hay field and were motioned in by Marin for hire clowns "Old Ladies with a red nose" then asked for $4 to park. Ok whatever, $4 for a hay field. Then we walk up to a tent and semi trailer to get tickets. Kids get in for free.. thats their catch! You think well maybe it'll be alright since you seemed to get a $5 credit.  Ok then we go inside the tent is newer one, looks like they spent some money on it, but it's really tiny, like a quarter of what I was expecting.  Well then that's when the fun starts. The entrances are choked by the people selling cans of soda, water, Iceys for $3. The bleachers are tiny, but I guess thats to be expected in a tiny tent. We decided to get a Icey it seemed a bit much for ice and flavored water. It tasted terrible, they were thinning out the syrup with water to maybe 15% of what it was supposed to be.. times must be tough they have to give you a flaverless Icie, but it was cold so that was a plus.  Then the circus starts, which is proceeded my chubby Columbian children dressed as clowns.. it was really really bad, I know there kids, but WTF? A circus where half the staff are SA children? Something tells me they are cheap too with the staff and cant afford grown up clowns :( Then the next act is a father some clown that only squeak whistles and toss balls at the crowd. A ball was thrown and hit my wife knocking the $3 Icey all over her and the lady next to her. NICE!  Then we have a intermission, to sell $3 ballons, great a time killer where they try hard sell tactics to children to blackmail their parents into buying $3 garbage.  Ok I wont bore you with more and more details the list goes on and on and on. We basically had 3 intermissions to sell more stuff during a 30 cicrus show. People were getting up mid show and leaving. We decided to stay, we were strangely intrigued by the chubby SA children that seem to be 1/2 of the show. Do child labor laws not apply since they are not Americans? Who knows.   There bottom line.. get you into the tent and try hard sell tactics to children. Well we didn't fall for it or our child. We told her that we would go to Toys R Us and get her some real toys. She agreed and we left with minimal pocket book damage, then proceeded to give the toy store some money.  The Short,  Cons: 90% bad acts, and  deployable selling tactics to children  Pros: 2 acts are worth seeing (5mins) The semi high wire, and the motorcycles.   Verdict: DON'T GO. You time is worth more and better spent elsewhere.
4 I went to see them last year in San Rafael. They are back this year and so are we.  This is a small production.  The stunts are not as spectacular as in the big production,but you get to see a very close up.  The kids loved it and so did I. I hope they keep on coming back.   Why not 5 stars?  No lions just a tiny horse.
5 For what it is, it is five stars. Small, authentic circus with just a few acts. Not like Ringling, but the people are super likeable and if you like circuses, you will likely like this one.
4 I saw this circus in Oceanside, CA with my 4 children.  Prior to going I read the reviews.  A couple people gave it a 1 star and a couple gave it a 4 star.  I give it a high 4 star.    I RARELY take the time to give reviews but I enjoyed this circus so much I thought it deserved my time.   The circus is a small production.  The performers sell the tickets, greet at the door, take you to your seats, sell the pop corn, snacks and several other items they sell.  Initially I had a bad attitude about all of the stuff they where selling but now I realize it is all for their cause.  I did not purchase anything as I brought snacks for my kids to save money.    The price is RIGHT!  I paid $26.00 for my family of 5 to get in. (myself and my 4 kids)  The show was VERY entertaining.  No it is not a large production so don't expect it and you will most likely have a great time.  WE DID.  Thank you American Crown Circus for an enjoyable family evening out!  I will definitely see you next year!
1 Its so incredibly bad that it is hilarious to watch! I thought wow the first act was bad maybe it'll get better later, nope just stayed bad the whole time. The only reason we left with smiles was because of laughing so hard at how bad it was. The first act was just jumping on a trampoline expecting an applause, we were all thinking 'oh that was it'. Then it goes into the next act of a guy juggling and he dropped the pins about 5 times, and yet seemed pretty proud of himself. Then the so called magic act, that was the funniest bit, that man really loves his coat he continually swung his coat around claiming that his tricks were amazing, they were $1 shop tricks. Then the only animal in the circus came out, a mini horse. This lady who brought him out had no sense of embarrassment since she was rather large and in a leotard, she walked this horse in circles on a leash continually feeding him to coerce him to move forward, at this point i was about to die of laughter. The whole show was so bad it was comical, we defiantly will not forget this one. Spend your money else where!
1 DON'T GO!!! This should be called Mexico Clown Circus.  Mostly in Spanish.  Smokie inside the whole time. Small scale tricks.  Children lost interest.  Too loud! Chair seating. The biggest kicker they hand out $5 free passes for kids but it cost $18 for an adult ticket-nothing saved here. I am totally being honest!  I read the reviews before going and was totally mislead!
4 Don't know how anyone could give this 1 star. Took my boys out to see this circus tonight in Casa Grande AZ and we had an absolute blast!! Don't expect a huge production like Ringling but this is a family run circus and their story is so inspiring to me. The acts are very fun and very entertaining, the clowns were very funny and my boys just loved them. That's what the circus should be about is having fun. This family is doing what they love and living the American dream. Take your kids and if you are a kid at heart you will love this show too.
4 I saw the show this afternoon in Oceanside, CA with my 6 year old daughter. I didn't know what to expect because the only thing I knew about this show was from a flyer my daughter received at school. I soon realized it was a very small mom and pop type of production. The acts were basic circus acts and it didn't have all the glitz and glam of a Ringling Brothers production. However, it was a fun and enjoyable time. My daughter and I enjoyed the acts and it's family feel. Like I said before, it's a small production so don't expect tigers, elephants or human cannonballs. The ringmaster was very appreciative of our support and expressed his modest show as an American Dream come true. He seemed to love and enjoy what he and his production does and I can appreciate that. It's always great to be witness to what work and dedication can do for people who dream. It's hard to see all of the negative comments about this show. Go see the show for yourself and don't let high expectations ruin what can be a good time. If you can see past expectations of a huge production and appreciate the true meaning of what this show is about, you will thoroughly enjoy it.
4 Great show. Hard working entertainers. My kids loved it!
