1 This is the only applemac supplier in Edinburgh - which always baffles me! It's Scotlands capital and it doesn't have an Apple shop?? Get on it Apple!  As such, it has everything you want from an apple shop for the same price. You really can't fault the quality - apple are miles ahead of everyone else.  So I should probably explain myself...  I came in here with a broken laptop - as I have done twice before - I got the new guy. The new guy 'accidently' wiped my harddrive. To me, that's unforgivable.  As I had been in a few times with my broken laptop I assumed it would be safe! After they broke the news, they then told me it had to be sent away FOR TWO WEEKS to be fixed. Three weeks later, I got my laptop back. Yeah ok it had all the latest software and everything was up-to-date, but it wasn't my laptop. I lost all my photos, my music, my documents, everything! The frustrating thing is it could have been avoided, it was an accident. Thus, I will never forgive you Cancom.
4 I remember when Apple Macs were the ugly duckling of the computer world. Now, like the coolest accessory, everyone wants an 'I' prefix attached to their possessions.   Cancom, as a primary retailer of Apple products, are flying the rainbow coloured flag and with some success.  Letting you poke and prod your way around the shops contents, they always seem to be more than willing to allow the hands on  approach. This comes in handy as the latest 'Ipad' is always up for some touchy feely.  Great for support with Apple product faults too.    I-like.
3 When you buy an apple product, you don't buy it for it's quality or usefulness, you're buying a statement about yourself. You're telling the world that you are creative, young, hip, and that you drink hazelnut lattes and have a huge amount of Facebook friends.  I'm comfortable enough in my own skin to prefer a proper computer that can actually do the things I need it to rather than act as a fashion accessory. Quite why anyone in their right mind would want to buy the utterly useless iPad is completely beyond me.
2 I went in for a little look at an iPad to see if it would really revolutionize my life. Unfortunately, it didn't. You see, i'm a little strange with computers, I like using more than program at once.  For a laugh check out the game section, you'll have a tough time choosing at least 1 of the 11 available.
4 Edinburgh lacks an Apple store, uh oh. Even before I owned an iphone, or a macbook, I still used to go into the one in Glasgow and bask in the beautiful, aesthetically wonderful building, and absorb all the cool that emitted from the products and staff. Sigh.  But when I saw the quite official looking Apple logo on a shop-front on Nicholson Street I did a double take. Camcom are an exclusive-apple store, supplying the hardware products, and accesories, in quite a sleek way.  Normally, any store that isn't the original Apple store is a slightly dodgy, imitation or rip-off joint. So I was sceptical. But I was also in desperate need of a laptop case and so I popped in one day.  The selection is limited, but what they have are some of the better brands at good prices. I got a Crumpler case (the Gimp, delightful) for £30 which I think is roughly the same as Amazon. The staff were friendly and helpful (they didn't have the *super* cool vibe that Apple store staff have, but I think they inject them with something when they start working there) but very nice all the same.  I won't hesitate to go back if I need anything for my iPhone or MacBook and I'm confident that these guys will be able to provide whatever I might need, or be knowledgeable on the best place to go.
3 I'm trying really hard not to take my frustration over a broken MacBook Pro out on CanCom. So let's be logical about this.  In fact, first of all let vent my frustration over the fact that Apple don't have a store in Edinburgh (the CAPITAL city). As such, Cancom is the nearest and second-best that we have.  It has a modest stock of Apple accesories, as well as all the actual Apple products (ipods, ipads, macbooks etc.) Not a hugely extensive range of accesories but I got my laptop case here, although couldn't find one for my iPad. They also have all the chargers you need.  So I took my Macbook Pro in to get a quick assessment of the situ after some water was spilled on it. It wouldn't turn on without the charger being plugged in, so wouldn't run off battery.  The girl at the counter was nice but told me it would cost £72 for an assessment. Ehhh what? £72 for you to tell me it's broken? And she also said, based on what I explained, the cost of repairing it would cost the SAME as a new MacBook Pro. For real?  She did then, very kindly, take it out the back to do some quick tests to see if it was the battery, or the hardware. She returned, told me it would need fixed (no sh*t Sherlock) then told me, again, it would cost the same as a new MacBook Pro. Trying to get some sales in?  Only, when I took it home to continue working from the mains power until I could decide what to do, it would no longer turn on. AT ALL. This could be a fluke. It could be coincidence. But before she took it and tested it, it would turn on when plugged in but not without. Now it won't turn on AT ALL. (Repetition for effect here people).  The girl was nice. And the shop is ok. But...just. Seriously. Does it REALLY cost that much to repair? In this instance I think the £10 day-return train fare to Glasgow and an appointment as the actual Apple store would be more worth it.
2 As many other reviewers have stated, avoid Cancom and get a train to Glasgow instead.   I bought my iPad 2 from them and after having owned it for a couple of weeks, decided I wanted a better case. So I went back to browse their (limited) stock and was pleasantly surprised to find one I liked. I asked one of the employees how it attached to my iPad, but having no demo models without the giant security tags on them he asked for MY iPad to show me ...  So I reluctantly handed it over, and he proceeded to jam it in there, clearly struggling to get it to fit. I objected and he returned my iPad to me. I later discovered the corner was broken.  Go in, browse, have a play with their demo models, then if you like what you see either order online or go to the Apple store in Glasgow. Don't buy from Cancom.
5 I went to cancom with my macbook pro which had been water damaged. I now realise that is is closed but there was a sign on the outside saying that their technicians are now working at a shop on Forrest Road called SimplyFixIt. There is a web site at http://cancom-edinburgh.com  I took the macbook to them and they were really helpful. Now that they are not tied to Apple's repair prices they were able to fully restore the laptop at a great price. I can't recommend them highly enough.   The phone number on the poster said 0844 822 6072. Call them and I bet you never wonder about Apple not being in Edinburgh again.
