4 Empire is a fun lil beauty school in Chandler.  $5 hair cuts, $5 waxing, $12 highlights... how can you beat that?!  If you're the kind of person who isn't a perfectionist, this might be the place for you.  It does take a bit longer but it's fun to talk to the girls while they work.  Just make sure you don't have plans for your afternoon.  You'll probably get there, see the great prices and keep adding services... just like I did!  They are a full-service salon and offer things like cuts, perms, color, waxing, updo's, nail services, and more!  Check-out their website for more info. :)  If you go in, check to see if the 'hotdog guy' is out back selling hotdogs.  He makes super cool hotdogs/sausages with unique stuffings and such.  See ya there!
4 $5 for a shampoo, cut and style??? Yep.  The prices for services here are amazing.  My only complaint is that it took almost one hour to get a simple trim. The student has to have everything approved and sometimes the instructors are not around.  The atmosphere is not spa like at all, but when I'm in need of a simple service this is the best bang for my buck.
5 Wonderful services and students at Empire the students get advanced classes and look proffessional!  Very affordable too!
5 $8 for a haircut, shampoo, conditioning, and style, amazing deal! The student did a great job and the teachers helped them out if they need suggestions. walked out with a great hair cut.
4 I actually live in the Mesa area but prefer this school over the school salons in mesa..Its worth the drive for good affordable service..I have always gotten good service here.. I sometimes forget I am at a school salon when I come here..both the students and teachers are friendly and helpful..my only complaint about this place is it can take a while..so I try to schedule things when I dont have to be some where soon.
5 It was a nice, clean place and Charity S. did a good job.  It did take a little longer than expected, but overall, it was good...shampoo, condition, haircut, style...all for $5, money well spent.  Haircut:  #1 side and back and finger length on the top.
2 2 strikes, you're out.  While I can easily tolerate the lack of quality control in the procedures I get there, Empire Beauty School can't seem to get appts right... which is not acceptable.    Last time, I scheduled with my preferred student and when I got there, that student was in class and it took them over 30 minutes to find a replacement.  Then, they stuck me with a girl who gave me a pedicure that was worse than one I could have given myself or that any of my friends have ever given me.  She was nice though... probably just new at pedicure and manicures.  This happens sometimes at beauty schools and is expected.  Today, I scheduled with my same preferred student but when I got there, he was busy with another client because they had me down for an earlier time than I'd scheduled 9even though I'd called a week in advance for the appt because today I'm going to a Christmas party and wanted pretty nails for it).  I believe that confusion happened because we had originally discussed the earlier time but then, during the SAME phone conversation, I said that I'd have to get a baby sitter so I'd need the later opening. Despite that, they scheduled me for the earlier opening.  Still, I wasn't irritated until I waited OVER AN HOUR for a replacement and still had nobody.    So I left.  I looooove paying a babysitter and then showing up to messed up appt times.  I don't mind if they switch me around and things aren't perfect but today's hour wait was way too much.  An added insult is that the students at the desk had talked to their manager/teacher and she didn't care at all.  Very unprofessional... which is ok from the students but not the staff.  At this point, I cannot recommend Empire Beauty to anyone who has a schedule or has to pay a sitter while they are out.    Won't see ya there.
1 I wanted a color and a cut. I was in the chair with color on for four hours - I was told later that i shouldn't worry about my hair as this is training and the product stops working after 40 minutes. I wondered if i would still have hair!  The color was nice but not what I asked for at all. She went through three extra bowls of color, on top of the first bowls (at $10 a bowl) so it didn't turn out to be all that cheap in the end.   Because I was in the chair for so long, the girl doing my color had to leave and I got a new person doing my cut.  I had to explain all over again what I wanted. She did an amazing job though. Too bad she is leaving.  I will not be back.
1 I went to this school to tour and look around and see if I wanted to attend it. But, unfortunately, the lady who I was supposed to meet with (Kimberley) was late. And barged in on a meeting that I was having with the Director. The Director didn't answer my questions fully nor could he explain why his school was better than the others in the area. He did not explain what came in the kit nor what education program they use. The lady at the front desk was incredibly rude. So was Kimberley, barking and yelling at her students while giving us a tour. The instructor who was bleaching a ladys hair had put the tools on her station..which in the beauty industry is a big no-no. they should be in a sanitary bin and only used once. The students were just sitting in their salon chairs and chit chatting with other students. Not working on mannequins or bookwork. They were very unproffesional and rude.   I would not suggest going to get your hair done there or considering their school. They are horrible.
1 Oh no no no  First impressions count!  I came in at noon for a mani and eyebrow wax. Customer service coordinator said to come back in an hour because the students were at lunch. Ok fine.  I come back and attempt to check in. There are about 5 students crowded around the front desk, just hanging out talking amongst themselves. I was like excuse me can someone check me in?  Of course I'm not in the computer because when I came in an hour ago, she just wrote me down in the book. Now I have to explain everything to this clueless student with the other ones looking at me like I have a problem.  Finally after about 10 mins of that nonsense, the original lady who wrote me in at noon came up and said oh I wrote her in. Gee thanks.   So a little frustrated I calm down and expect to get my services. Not so fast. Lady asks is he staying with you? Pointing at my son. Well, yeah I replied (I usually don't bring my kids to a salon, but this is a casual school environment so I didn't think it would be a problem.)  Then she said I couldn't bring him with me because of policy. Yeah I get it. And the policy is fine. But I had no notice of it even after looking on the website to see if it said  anything. So I said to her, why didn't you tell me that when I was here an hour ago when you saw him with me? Also, it doesn't say on your website you have this policy just to let you know.  Then she very rudely said, "well we assume people should know not to bring their kids to a salon. "  WOW  I walked straight out. Very unprofessional. Total waste of my time.
1 I went into this place some time ago and felt it very much needed a review. This is really for those wishing to attend rather then pay for services. I went in and asked to have a color change done on my toes.   The pedicurist who helped me proceeded to paint ALL over my toes, color was everywhere! I asked this girl, who seemed to have some challenges, how much time she had left in school, she stated a few weeks and that she had been in school for close to 2 years already. I nicely asked (I was saving all my anger for the teacher) if/how she was planning on cleaning up my toes. She stated she would fix it and went on to painfully scrap color our of my cuticles and off the SIDES of my toes. My cuticles were still filled with color when the teacher came over and promptly approved my pedicure. I was shocked.  When I reached the desk I informed the student that I wished to speak with a manager and the instructor. She called them over. I calmly explained to them that I would not be paying for my services. I also (and I began to grow angry here) explained to them that they were crooks for allowing this girl to continue with school as she obviously had not mastered the basic skills needed to complete a simple toe nail painting. I asked them how in all good conscience take this girls money and continue to tell her she was doing a good job and would gain a job in this industry upon graduation. They looked at he slack jawed and stated "ma'am you will be paying for this service".  I snottily replied, "Nope" and walked out the door.   In my opinion these people are morally repugnant crooks. Looking around the studio I should have run but unfortunately I always give people the benefit of the doubt.   Do not get services here and certainly do NOT attend.
