2 I never thought a minimalist ethos would apply to a shoe shop, and Camper has confirmed that preconception.   Unlike the fancy sales arrangements from the likes of Office, Camper seems content to just slap a load of shoes onto one big table and expect the consumer to rummage through their offerings. Seemingly, this is a good idea when they open up shop at 9am, but by the mid afternoon the neatly placed footwear becomes jumbled and disorderly as wave after wave of curious customer picks them up and tosses them down.    I'd be willing to put up with this if the shoes on sale where any good, but a whimsical assortment of rubber soled loafers and altogether naff styles just doesn't tempt me.
1 Last Christmas I bought a pair of Campers in San Francisco.  WIthin four months, the sole was peeling off the shoe.  These shoes are NOT cheap and should not start falling apart within months of purchse.  So, I took them into the Camper store on Hanover.  Amazingly, I even still had my original receipt.    They took my shoes and I was informed that if they couldn't be fixed, I would get a free replacement pair.  About a week later I got a phone call from an employee who informed me that the cobbler could glue the shoes together or replace the sole with a rubber one -which, she mentioned, would be better for the winter.  BUT - it would cost me £17.50.  What?  Apparently, because I bought them in the US, all they were really prepared to do was take them to the cobbler for me.    Knowing it wasn't the employee's fault, I agreed to the rubber soles.    I went to pick them up this weekend and a) I had to pay them in cash because of some dodgy reason behind them not being able to put it through the till (any other establishment would put the receipt in the till and it wouldn't matter how I paid...) and b) the soles were definitely NOT rubber.  They are leather.  They're the kind of sole you get on cheap shoes when you're a kid, and you have to scrape them up so you don't slip as you walk in them.    I was very unimpressed not only that the store did not deliver as they promised, but that I had to pay for it.  I will be writing to the company with my complaint and as of right now absolutely would never buy another pair of Campers.
