5 i feel compelled to sing this guys praises...He took his time and even crawled under cabinets.  He used spray, he used some kind of  white crystals some stuff that looked like peanut butter and white powder   If he had it  he used it.  His price to me wasn't even reasonable.  I felt like he should have charged me more than he did.  I wanted to give him a tip because I feel like he earned it and he wouldn't even accept it.  i asked if I should get him on a monthly bases and he said he would not do that because he would just be taking my money, stating that the product he uses has a 3 month guarantee.  I could have him come back in three months.  It is incredulous to find someone that has the work ethic and integrity of  What's Bugging You.  I highly recommend them...You WILL be satisfied.  What a blessing to know that when it comes to your house or business he will exterminate as if it were his own.  Don't hesitate to give them a call if you have bugs.  Or you can call another company and probably pay twice as much and not get half the service.
5 I found Charles the proprietor to be  reliable and refreshingly honest in never trying to up-sell the customer. He took his time to educate, and it was totally obvious he cares about what he does and helping his customers.
5 Extremely professional and knowledgeable. I highly recommend Charles.
5 One of the best services I've ever had. The last company that came and sprayed my house was literally here for 10 min.No customer service, no coversation, just quickly sprayed the permiter and left.  Charles stayed more than 2 hours. He made sure no stone was unturned. He explained what to expect and was extremely honest and personable during the process.   As an eco-enthusiast, I appreciated the fact that he used some "natural" homemade remedies along with the conventional stuff. He even went so far as to put some if it in his hand and eat it to show me that it was safe.    This guy is passionate about bugs(He even captured and saved a black widow for his personal collection)! Which is a good thing, because I'm not! We are customers for life.
5 BEST pest service experience EVER. Decades of experience and a passion for what he does, I will not go anywhere else!  Do not be weary of trouble understanding his voice over the phone, after setting up your appointment, I assure you will be 100% SATISFIED. Outstanding education and customer service.   BEST!
1 I had to have 3 lengthy phone calls prior to the "service" in regards to my kids, bugs etc... honestly way more work than any pest control I ahve ever dealt with. he then forgot he had an appt me with and cursed about it over the phone. we set up a time of noon and he arrived at 11am, I had my mother at the house to allow him access.  Worst service ever! He Yelled at my mother to get off the phone, she tried to explain she was on the phone with me (the person hiring him) and that I would anwser any questions. He got angry and said "I will only deal with ONE person, so get off the phone"  At which point my mother was scared for her well being and refused to hang up the phone. He then said "this will not work and left the house slamming the door) NEVER providing the service I had already PAID for!!!!  DO NOT CALL THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!
5 We had Charles out to the house and all I can say is the other reviews are correct.  He provides outstanding service at very reasonable prices.  He called to confirm, day of the appointment.  I've paid more to get a single floor done than he charges for indoor and outdoor.  He also educates you on how to keep the bugs away which I liked alot.    I will be a regular customer to What's Bugging You?
5 Charles is amazing, and I will never call any other bug guy. He was super informative, and educated me on what I needed to do to keep my home bug free!  He was also super affordable and would absolutely not allow me to tip but suggested I pay it forward! It's not every day you meet a stranger that is an absolute pleasure to not only do business with but to have a conversation with as well. He also left me with some homemade ant bait, that he said if it didn't work he would pay me, and also left me with the tip of "think like a bug"!!!  I thoroughly enjoyed getting my house sprayed!
5 Charles is the best pest control agent I've ever dealt with. He was punctual, respectful of my child, kitty, and privacy. His prices are almost half of the corporate places and absolutely no pressure to sign a contract. He just came yesterday and I haven't seen an ant since. I'll update in a few weeks but as of now, he's got a loyal customer.
