5 We have bought all our living room furniture and until we were satisfied on exactly what we wanted we went in and were lucky it was Labor day!! The sales person told us Labor Day is the day to buy you get the best deals... we have been looking at the same furinture everytime we went there but was just too spendy... We decided we were going to wait til everything we wanted put us under $1600.00... Well it did!!! entertaiment center, a 2 piece sectional, ottoman as well as a round twirly chair  hubby calls it his "pimp chair" lol...   I am completely excited about all the furniture we have and the quality is amazing :D
2 I bought a living room set from this place. I was told that for a additional 100.00 I could get a leather conditiner and guarantee, So I did. about 2 months in the cusion was lost, you sit and you sink all the way down. contacted the store and opps that is not cover by the guarantee... Not happy at all with the purchase!
4 They have nice furniture plus they are willing to work with you on the prices. One of the sales guys, his name is Willie, is very friendly and knowledgeable. We ended up getting a very good deal on a high quality mattress. We got it almost for half of what the original price was, since the model was discontinued. Will definitely go back next time we need anything.
1 After waiting for 3 weeks for 3 large pieces of furniture to be delivered, I had to refuse delivery of ALL of it because of defects and missing pieces. Then after I had to repeatedly call "customer service" (because they DO NOT call back like they say they will) I couldnt get a straight answer as to when my furniture would be redelivered. Somewhere between 1 and 3 more weeks. AND if I didnt want for all of it to be delivered at once I would have to pay ADDITIONAL delivery fees (on top of the $90 I already paid for).   If I wanted scratched up furniture I would buy it from Craigslist, not brand new prices from a place that doesn't care about you once they have your money. I canceled my whole order. I will NEVER shop there again.
1 Only receiving one star from me because I can't give zero. We went in to purchase a complete bedroom set and the price came out to be $1884, however, our budget was $1850. We spoke to the sales rep that stated there was nothing he could do, so we decided to talk with the manager. Rocky, a rude man, came over to talk with us. He put it simply, and I quote, "Either come up with the $30 or don't buy it." I hope for Ashley furniture's sake that he is not the head of customer service for the corporation or the store. Rocky, if you read this, you deserve to be fired. Hopefully a prison has a job opening for you, because you at least won't have to worry about customer service issues. Next stop... corporate telephone call. If the man had at least showed some sort of compassion we would have paid the price that we were quoted at.
3 Although we didn't buy from them, we've been here twice, and each time the salespeople were just kinda pushy. They did have some decent furniture, I wont argue with that, but the fact that they were kinda pushy just turned me off. And they don't have alot of selections to pick from. I wish they had more than just 2 recliner sectionals, recliner couch/loveseat sets, or more colors and fabrics to pick from. As funny as this sounds, my husband is actually very picky about fabrics and colors, so the lack of selections turn him off instantly. The prices weren't bad though.
4 Yay! I'm a fan.  So I found myself in a situation that one can only find in first world countries.  I just moved into the area, but I wouldn't see all my belonging for about a month.  So after the novelty wore off from using a sleeping bag on my living room floor like I was five years old again, I had basically two options.  One was to buy an inflatable mattress until my bedroom furniture arrived.  The other was to finally ditch all the hand-me-down stuff I've collected since moving out of my parent's place over a decade ago.  Despite still working on the whole being an adult always and forever, I wanted to own my first bit of real furniture.  So let's start with the bedroom, and let's start at Ashley's.  I've had one prior experience with Ashley's (not this one), and it was generally an okay one.  Their selection is mostly found online, so the store experience was relatively brief.  What I remembered though was the quality of products for the price.  They do have the usual fair that can be found just about anywhere for more or less the same price, but if you want something with style that will last, there's no solution other than going to the seller, like Ashley's, itself.  This time around, I wanted to be able to have a better idea of what I was getting, and as amazing as the internet is, it pales in ability to convey the size and depth of physical items.  This time I also didn't have a terribly good sense of what I wanted, so luckily they have a very experienced staff here with each have decades in the furniture business even before working at Ashley's.  The gentleman knew the exact questions to refine my search, and about knew before I did that I just needed to at one point wander and think to myself.  It was about as perfect a shopping experience as it can get.  At the end, we deduced that I have more expensive tastes than I was ready for, so we departed on the terms that I needed to more time think about it.  I returned some time after realizing that in all the furniture considerations, I never gave enough thought to mattress selection.  The first gentleman was not available at that hour.  Oh, did I mention they have awesome hours for the working class citizen?  Yeah, huge kudos there.  While I did kind of have to start all over with a new gentleman, I quickly learned that he too was quite experienced -- better yet, in a slightly different way.  He also asked me exact questions to refine my search even further.  He also went through an interesting, and strangely scientific, exercise to help choose the best level of firmness in a mattress for me.  Unfortunately, it went slightly contradictory to what I had always thought, and while he encouraged me to go with what I feel rather than what he concluded, I again decided to depart to do yet more thinking.  Truth is: I wanted to make sure I talked to the first gentleman again.  They have a neat system for commission at Ashley's.  Employees are able to designate percentages of commission from a sale amongst all those involved.  While it was the second gentleman who explained this system, I still felt it necessary for my own edification to talk to the first.  I ended up glad I did for other reasons too.  While I went with the second's recommendations, the first had a better idea of my financial concerns.  After a little discussion that I would hardly call haggling, we came to a mutually respectable conclusion.  We strap the mattress to the top of my car so I have something to sleep on while I wait for the rest of my furniture to arrive, and at this point I am one happy camper.  A weekend goes by, and I realize I want to change my order slightly to better fit my living needs.  Despite that it ends up refunding some of my money, I received zero hassle and expedient service.  Unfortunately the manager, who are among the only ones authorized to make such changes, failed miserably to tell me this would change the delivery date.  Sadly this very human mistake made me wonder on a particular day where the hell my stuff was at.  After expressing my disappointment, that manager called me back the following day to apologize.  Many moons later, I finally get my furniture.  At first, they will schedule you for a whole day to receive your delivery, but a day or so before the actual date, they will call you back to 1) confirm delivery & directions, and 2) to narrow the delivery window for you from the whole day down to four hours.  With 45 mins left in the window, truck shows up with a couple guys strong and smart enough for the job.  I say that because I opted for a traditional, solid wood theme, which requires a lot more strength and skill to set up.  Worse for them: they have to take it all up a narrow set of stairs with tight landings -- without a single bump or scratch.  They assembled and placed all the pieces (even the mattress I already had) to my specifications.  Without a doubt, my bedroom is now the nicest looking room in all my house -- all thanks to Ashley's.
1 This Review is not based on the quality of the furniture, or the service of the salesperson; it is on how they disregard your requests. I bought two pieces of furniture for them and paid the $79.99 delivery fee. The next day I received a phone call saying I had to go back to the store to pay $10 more dollars for a weekend delivery.  I understand that the weekend delivery is more, but it's their fault for not charging it to me in the first place. I decide to cancel the delivery and told them I would pick up my items, but they service rep did not tell me that only one of my pieces was in. I would think that is something that you inform your customer. It has been 2 weeks now and still waiting for a call about the second item, and I have yet to see my card refunded the delivery credit that was promised to be back on my card within 72 hours. It has now been 6 days and still counting.
1 Salesmen are a little pushy. If you make a purchase don't plan on returning anything . They make it a huge hassle. They have some decent stuff but they charge a lot for it.
2 I can totally relate to many of these reviews for this store good and bad.  I purchased over $2000 in furniture, which I know isnt a large amount when it comes to furniture.  I went to the store a second time to purchase a mattress and also needed a bed frame as I was given a headboard and footboard but no frame.  Salesman said it would be $60.  I said with what I have spent in this store and the fact that I have to pretty much furnish a whole house could they throw in the frame.  No, couldnt do that. You know darn well that the frame probably cost them $10 and Im being generous.  So I will be going to another furniture store to finish my shopping. Not a very smart move for them. They lost thousands for $60.   I have scheduled delivery for Oct 19 tried to change to much earlier and forget it. After my purchase that was weeks ago they still dont have all my order together to deliver. Will be interesting to see if I even get it by that date.
1 This review will serve as a blanket review for this entire company, however, since I purchased my recent furniture at this location, this is where I have decided to give my one star review.  FYI, they should count themselves lucky that Yelp automatically requires a one star review, because that's much too generous in my opinion.  Last July, I purchased two sleeper sofas, a sleeper chair-and-a-half, a side table and a coffee table.  Since that time, I have had a furniture tech out THREE times for the sleeper sofa I put in my upstairs media room.  THREE TIMES!!!    Don't even get me started on the fact that the two leather sleepers I purchased for my downstairs living room are set up so that the metal railing of the sleeper rests on a hollow piece of plastic.  Ok, physics time, people...what happens to a hollow piece of plastic that holds up a sharp piece of metal (frame) and then has the weight of a person put onto that metal?  For those Bill Nye watchers that guessed that the metal would eventually cut into that plastic and then continue to slide off the frame whenever someone sits on that particular side, you answered correctly.  Best part?  The tech told me that they couldn't fix that component since it wasn't part of the actual frame.  Ok, that's fine...I managed to improvise and jerry-rigged both of the chairs in question...ones that hadn't even been paid off yet.  Thanks for your help, she said sarcastically.  Lastly, the coffee table that I purchased has a section of the wood finish that bubbled and then chipped off.  So, this deep cherrywood finish that I fell in love with is chipped and shows the pine colored wood underneath.  Summation?  Their furniture is inexpensive because it's cheap crap.  Take my advice and spend the extra money to get quality furniture from somewhere else that will last for years.  This last weekend, I had the furniture tech come out, specifically, for the upstairs sleeper sofa (third time) and for the coffee table.  He fixed the sleeper, again, then came downstairs and informed us that the coffee table wasn't on his order sheet.  Are you kidding me?!  At this point, my roommate lost it and he turned around and snidely told her..."calm down."  I'm not sure if anybody that reads this review has ever had any contact with any woman on the face of this planet, but trust me when I say that telling a livid woman to calm down is tantamount to signing your own death warrant.  Understandably, she snapped at him that he didn't have the right to issue orders to her in our own home and he very rudely responded..."look, I have two options.  I can either fix this or leave."  She very calmly smiled, pointed to the door and said..."get the hell out, then."  I wish I could say that was the worst part of my experience with this company.  No, that came when we called the customer service line to complain about this incident.  Something people need to understand about the customer service industry, and I speak this because I've been a pride crushing member of that industry...VERY RARELY DOES A CUSTOMER CALL A CUSTOMER SERVICE LINE TO COMPLIMENT THE COMPANY.  We were purposely hung up on by two SEPERATE people because they: a) didn't like the tone or curse words that were being used and b). thought they were being made fun of when ridiculous excuses they had given were repeated back to them.  Are you kidding me?!  Then, when it was mentioned how much we've spent at Ashley in my entire adult life of purchasing furniture, the customer service rep had the nerve to say..."uh, you purchased through our financing service, not us."  Ok, just keep on pouring that gasoline.  So, in summary, I've purchase four couches, two loveseats, two chair-and-a-halfs, three dining room sets, one baker's rack and one complete bedroom set (king-sized bed frame with headboard and footboard, dresser and two nightstands) from here.  I've informed every person that I referred to Ashley of this service and they agree that their current or past purchases will be their last.  Sorry Ashley, but for this former customer, you're cut off.  The last thing I would want to do is insult or damage your fragile customer service representatives with my continued business.  5/12/13 (Response to Owner's Comments)  Isn't that so wonderful that someone from Ashley Furniture took the time to respond to a negative review posted to such a public forum?  Oh gosh, I'm floored by their hospitality.  Oh no, wait...I'm not, considering that manager call that they promised me after my complaint still hasn't come.  Maybe that's because my complaints were on a personal one-on-one level and much easier to ignore than this.    Also, steer clear of purchasing furniture through the RAC/TRS service.  They treat you like you've used this service to furnish your crack den.
1 Gave us a date of June 8th. No one ever called, no one even showed up to our house between the times given to us, 10:30-2:30. We called the store, manager Alex, treated us like shit. Told us that it was out of his control. He said we paid for a product not a service even though we just dropped 4 grand on furniture. He continued to tell us that they will not and cannot give our money back. Then hung up on us.
1 **ZERO STARS**This place is a nightmare, please forget about buying your furniture here!! My husband and I were looking to furnish our new house. So we came to Ashley's to check out their deals. We found a bedroom set and three piece sectional w/ottman that we both agreed on so we decided to buy it here. BIGGEST MISTAKE EVER! We spent over $4,200 on these two items only to receive them in pieces a month after purchasing them! I'm actually STILL WAITING for the sectional to arrive. And haven't heard back from the costumer service representatives to find out when the pieces will be in stock!   When scheduling the delivery date our sales man (Clert) advises us that the bedroom set was in stock however part of the sectional was not. So they would have to spilt the items into two deliveries. Fine no big deal. When they arrived with it I realized it wasn't the correct bed. This is where the fun begins!! I explained to the delivery man that this wasn't the correct bed I ordered he began to aurge with me and said "it's the one that matches my paperwork". He advised me to keep it and call the store I brought it from to make sure it was in deed the wrong bed. And that I had three days to refuse if I didn't want it. When I called the store to inform them about their mistake I spoke with Clert and he admitted that it was his mistake. He in putted the wrong numbers and ordered the wrong bed.... I thought okay no big deal, they will just send me the right bed. It took them over a week to just get back to me! I had to call to follow up every time!   I ended up receiving my bed two weeks after the rest of the bedroom set was delivered. My couch was also delivered in pieces even after THEY called and scheduled a delivery date. (Same scenario) I always had to call to follow up none of the costumer service reps were helpful and it took them weeks to finally get the complete couch to me!   Need less to say I will never be returning to buy ANYTHING from this place nor will I recommend to friends/family!  GO TO RC WILLEY!!  To bad, we could have bought the rest of our furniture to furnish the rest of our house from them. All they needed to do was to take ownership of their mistakes and show they care by following up with us! Too bad!   I wouldn't be surprised if they go out of business soon! VERY SOON!
4 Amazing people here especially Cindy the sales lady who patiently took care of our needs. After two weeks looking for a beautiful bedroom set we found it at Ashley's not only the contemporary style but good quality furniture. I will really recommend Ashley's on Decatur wonderful customer service. next will be buying our couches.
2 Well they definitely lost me as a customer! RC Willey here I come!  My father, who is 69 years old, moved out here from Los Angeles the beginning of this month to be closer to me and my kids. I ordered and fully paid for a bedroom set for him. They called me like 4 days before the order was to be delivered to confirm the appointment. I advised the lady that no one was living in my father's apartment yet but if they could call me as they are on their way I could rush down to the place and open the door for them. I mean I live in the same complex so it wouldn't be a long wait! She said she would let the guys know but no promise...okaaaaay? I paid $1,200 for furniture, I am a repeat customer, and you can't make one quick easy courtesy call? Well I missed their delivery and no call was made. I found out from my LANDLORD that they came because they went to the office and he was going to let them in but they said no because someone had to sign the paper. To top it off, when I got my dad's key to check the place out before he arrived, there was a note on the COUNTER that said "Sorry we Missed you"....so they entered the apartment and left the note but couldn't put the damn furniture together?? They denied going in but how the hell did the paper get on the counter? Anyway my dad arrived with NO furniture and we had to pay $50.00 for them to deliver the furniture again 3 DAYS LATER. My father has bad arthritis and basically no cartilage in his knees making it very hard for him to get up from low areas such as couches and FLOORS which he almost had to sleep on if it weren't for my friend who let us borrow her air mattress luckily. He still couldn't get up though and crawled to get around his place until I was able to get to his place after work :(. Bottom line, they are not for their customers at all and their attitude after you purchase their crap shows it all. I will never be back.
1 I bought over $5K worth of furniture a month ago, and they keep calling and postponing my delivery. I've yet to receive a single piece of furniture and they refuse to refund my money in full! Meanwhile, the thousands of dollars I paid sits in their bank account, earning interest! Store mgr  Vicky, offered me a "loaner" bed. Please. If they didn't honor a paid in full delivery charge, why would I expect them to deliver anything for free?! DON'T GO HERE! HIT RC WILLEY AND OR WALKER INSTEAD!
