5 Vladimir is exceptionally professional and pleasant.  He arrived on time, and not only repaired the ice maker as we had booked the service call for, but was willing to look at and repair the in sink garbage disposer as well.  I recommend him highly!
5 Vladimir fixed our (15 year old) washing machine quickly and inexpensively, and I believe him when he says it will keep running for years to come.  I already have his number stored in my phone for when my dryer (also 15 years old) breaks!  Also, I found $7 in the washing machine after the first load I did post-fix -- that's got to be good luck, right?  Really, he will be my go-to guy for appliance issues should they happen in the future.
5 Great service and good price. Great customer service.
5 Vlad was referred to me by Tom of Sav-On Plumbing in Glendale. He came within one day of calling, very professional and honest. This was an oven repair of a broken oven light. Instead of ordering the part, which would have increased the cost by $50, he fixed the part I had. I was very pleased.  Vlad is a national treasure and I'll definitely use him again and refer others to him.
5 I used Vladimir based on the excellent ratings through Yelp.  The display unit in my GE profile range had gone belly-up.  Vladimir had a few problems obtaining the part through his supplier but once he received it he insured it was installed quickly and professionally.  I would recommend him for any appliance related repair.
5 Thanks to the other reviews posted here, I contacted Vladimir about a problem with my 12 year old Maytag front-loading washing machine.  Incredibly, he suggested a way I could save my money and make this particular repair myself -- and it worked!!  He has a great philosophy: If he can help you solve the problem over the phone first, why not? If it's not something that can be fixed that way, then he'll come out to repair it onsite, and with very flexible business hours too! That saves the customer time and money and keeps his schedule open for the bigger problems.Smart man!  He's my first call from now on for all my appliance needs!
5 Wonderful service!  Timely and all around great guy:)  I will refer him every chance I get!!!
5 I called Phoenix Appliance Repair based on the Yelp reviews.  Vladimir is quick, honest and professional.  He ordered parts for my dishwasher.  Once he looked at it, he decided that the parts were unnecessary.  He explained what the problem was and did his best to fix the dishwasher.  He is on my phone for future appliance repair.  They don't make appliances the way they use to and we all need a good repairman.  Vladimir deserves a five star rating.
5 Vladimir was prompt and quickly repaired my clothes dryer.  My wife was impressed with his politeness.
5 Found Vlad after someone else came to look at our fridge and gave the "I'll be back in a week" and never showed. He was extremely professional, prompt and very fair priced. Will definitely use again and refer to anyone I know.
5 Vladimir was prompt and arrived during the appointment window to repair my refrigerator.  He made every effort to keep the cost down for me and his service call and overall price was much lower than the competition.  He is a small business owner and keeps his overhead low to pass the savings on to his customers.  I would definitely recommend him and Phoenix Appliance Services for any appliance repair needs.
5 Vladimir was very kind, knowledgable, professional and he was very patient with my two curious sons!!!   The pricing wasn't too high, and my refrigerator water and ice dispenser now work like new!!  Thank you!!!
5 I always go to Yelp first when I need service work done and I'm very glad I found Vlad.   Called him yesterday morning because the microwave stopped heating. He was here today before noon, as he said he would be. Diagnosed the problem quickly and had the replacement part with him. Microwave is back up and running like new. Price was reasonable and service could not be beat.  Very professional and personable too.  Call Vlad if you have and appliance repair need.
5 I have used Yelp for everything from restaurants to termite service, so it should be no surprise that I came to Yelp for someone to fix my washing machine. I am suspicious of any repair business with too many 5 star ratings because it is usually not a happy thing to need appliance repair and no business can keep every part in stock, so inevitably someone will have a rough road in the repair business. This business seemed to have too many 5 star ratings, but the reviews felt legitimate to me so I called.  I booked Vladimir for a Friday morning because my washer was sometimes stopping mid cycle and I had a heck of a time getting it to finish a load. It is a front-loader and I spilled water all over several times trying to work with it. On Tuesday, I felt the urgency of my building mountain of dirty laundry so I called Vladimir and asked if he could come on Wednesday instead of Friday. He asked me to text him. This is a big plus for me. I can know he has the information and won't forget it because he was in the middle of a job when he listened to my phone call. Wednesday morning I woke up to a text saying, "Ok see you today between 12-2"  He arrived at 1:40. He fixed the problem (a clogged pump) and he showed me how to prevent the problem in the future. My repair was simple. He could have installed a new pump without suspicion for $250. He could have charged me the $135 he said (and I agreed was fine) it would cost if it did not need a new pump. But because he was able to fix it quickly, he just charged me $100. If I ever need appliance repair again, I will skip Yelp and immediately text Vladimir from Phoenix Appliance Services.
5 Vladimir arrived in the time range given and quickly diagnosed and switched out the faulty part. My brother and I had a nice chat with him as he worked. He was very easy going and not in a hurry. I will definitely be calling him again with other appliance issues.
5 I found Phoenix Appliance Services based on the good reviews on Yelp. The problem I called for was for a very noisy/humming dishwasher.  Not only did Vladimir fix the problem quickly, he explained what had happened, how to help prevent it, and he also demonstrated how I could fix it the next time it happens.  Will definitely call again the next time I need something repaired and I strongly recommend him to others!
5 Vladamir is FABULOUS! A few days ago my washing machine over flowed. I finally sucked it up and called around for some rate quotes.  I like that his fee to come out was waived if he performed the service.  He explained to me what he thought was going on and told me how much it would be, but then as he looked at the machine he tried something else and was the fix that it needed.  He also told me how to keep it from happening again and if it did happen again, I know how to fix it myself.  Honest repair man.  Don't find too many of those around.
5 Vladimir is professional and courteous. He diagnosed my washing machine problem immediately and fixed it in less than a hour.  I will definitely call him again if I have any appliance issues in the future. Highly recommended!
5 We were very impressed with Vladamir!! He came out late on Saturday afternoon because our refrigerator was making a beeping sound and the inside lights were out.  He figured out that the control panel was faulty and had one on his truck and replaced it.  He then waited to make sure that fixed the problem.  It turns out it did not, there was another issue too and he fixed that.  Finally it was working correctly.  We really appreciated that he was very diligent about making sure it was all working correctly before he left. There is a 3 month warranty on the repair. We will definitely call him next time we have an appliance that needs repair.
5 Vladimir was great. On short notice he fit us into his schedule. He was very helpful and knowledge able regarding the problem with our refrig. He showed us how to fix the problem and only charged for a service call. We will definitely use him in the future for our appliance repair needs in the future
5 I was so happy with the service that I decided to write my very first Yelp review about Vladimir.  My washer was sounding like a jumbo jet (bad pump). Vladimir fixed it up, at a fair price, and also provided some tips on how to keep it running well.  I've had a couple not-so-great experiences with other appliance repair companies before, so it felt great to finally find someone reliable, trustworthy, and definitely deserving of the 5 star ratings. Thx V!
5 Great service, great price!  Definitely recommend to anyone.
5 My clothing dryer stopping blowing warm air yesterday.  Went on Yelp to look for recommendation and found PHX appliance repair.  Called them this morning and Vladimir was at my house by the end of the day (a very happy mom with 3 kids I was).  It was as I suspected, the heating element.   Vladimir followed up throughout the day letting me know his schedule as he had been delayed at other jobs.  He was willing to trust me to mail him a check tonight rather than pay a 3% fee to charge on a card.  Would very much recommend him...and I did to all of our employees!!
5 I called Vladimir after finding him on Yelp for a washing machine issue. The clutch was going out on it. Vladimir called me back with the price of the part, $375. I told him to get it and come on out. He made an appointment with me, was on time, looked at my washer, prepared to install the new part, and then saw that my motor was leaking grease from the bearings onto the clutch housing. He told me that it was an expensive fix, and that if he installed the new part, it would only last a few months and then I would be back where I started. I had him put it back together without the new part, and while he was there, he also looked at my dishwasher, and told me how to fix it myself for cheap, and told me my under the counter wine cooler would be very expensive to fix, and that I would be better off buying a new wine cooler while I was buying the new washer. He was honest, could have installed the part and charged me $500, but instead he charged me the service call and a small fee for lubricating the clutch while he had it out. We were very impressed with Vladimir after some of the "professionals" we have dealt with over the past several years. He's now on our speed-dial as our appliance repair guy.
5 I saw all the positive yelp reviews for Phoenix appliance and decided to give them a try. I needed my dryer repaired and they were able to come out the same day. Vladimir was incredibly friendly and fixed my dryer gave me advice on how to maintain it going forward. If I ever have any issues with any of my other appliances I will definitely be giving him a call again!
5 As all previous yelpers have stated...They saw the reviews, took a chance and it paid off.   After being given a 1.5week window for repair on our dryer that went out, I panicked (freaked out) as I have a newborn and a toddler (Plus a husband and me) where laundry is 24/7 and I wouldn't have survived.    Called and got a same day appointment and Vladimir showed up and helped fix the dryer and gave me tips on what l needed to do. When we need anything fixed in the future as far as appliances, we will use him. Very nice man and honest.   Highly recommend.
5 I have never written a review for anything...ever--I just mooch off of other's opinions and knowledge.  However, this morning I called Vlad to get my front load washing machine fixed and he diagnosed the problem over the phone.  According to him, it was "time to get a new washer".  He said it would be a waste of my time and money to have him come out and tell me the same thing.  What kind of repairman turns down free money?  I will keep his number handy if I never need anything else fixed.
3 The repairmen was lacking in experience. I had to point out a couple things that were unacceptable to me,that he would have let slide if I had not been standing there. When he was putting the unit back into place. They did respond quickly to my call
5 Vladimir was awesome!!!!  He returned my call within 30 minutes and arrived at our house promptly.  He was very thorough with his work and got the job completed in a very timely manner.  One of the most professional and genuine people I've ever dealt with.   THANK YOU, VLADIMIR!!
5 Vladimir is awesome.  We have a stacked washer dryer that is built in with cabinets surrounding the units.  He helped me remove the cabinets and heavy granite, completed the repair as stated, and left no mess.  Very easy to reach and work with.  I would highly recommend.
5 Vladimir lived up to his reputation! I called him on Wednesday evening near 7pm and left a message, thinking it would be the next day that I would get a return call.  In less than 5 minutes, Vladimir called me back and told me he'd be at my house between 8am-10am the next day.  That morning at 9am, the doorbell rang! He had my GE Monogram refrigerator fixed in less than an hour.  Really nice guy, too.  I would recommend him to anyone and I'll definitely use his services again!
5 I Called Vladmir only after I had called another appliance repair company! Oh man do I wish I would have called P.A.S. first.  Vladmir was able to come out quick, he worked with me to fix my refrigerator after the other company I called totally messed it up.  My refrigerator  even had parts broken that are no longer made but Vladmir was able to find a way to fix the problem when others said there was no way. Do not hesitate to call P.A.S., You will not regret it.
