3 Hungry for some good Corned Beef, I whipped in here today for lunch.  This is a smallish place, not fancy but comfortable, & I didn't see a lunch combination special on the menu, so I asked for one anyway, & here's what I ended up with:  A nice bowl (not cup!) of Chicken & Matzah Ball Soup (their spelling) to start things off, & it was delicious!  Then there was my 1/2 Hot Corned Beef on Rye sandwich, neither piled up sky high nor skimpy, but in between, & on plain bread with a bottle of mustard there on the table to add your own.  There was also a small cup overflowing with fresh cole slaw, a tasty Kosher pickle spear, & a slice of cantaloupe.  The Corned Beef was lean, tender, & tasty.  Everything else was good too, & it all added up to a nice lunch for the price, $7.95.  My only concern is that I'm not sure I could have ordered anything different from the menu & still kept the cost down.  With that said, I'll go again & hopefully see you there!  ... but not on a Saturday when they're closed.    :-))
5 Don't let looks deceive you. You walk into a small kosher grocery, and in the back is hidden a small, casual restaurant. Their Chinese food is AMAZING! For vegetarians, the Volcano tofu is awesome! I also love a chicken dish with onions in a dark garlic sauce, but don't remember the name of the dish. The chicken meat used in the dishes is moist, tender, and non-fatty. I have been to many restaurants in China, and I like Segal's Chinese food better! :o) The prices are excellent considering the meat is kosher. Great restaurant for non-Jews to try as well; the food tastes better than other non-kosher Chinese restaurants in phoenix.
4 Great restaurant in a strange location.  Really good fried fish, and really good burgers.  Nice store too.
1 WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER. At Segals, the customer is always wrong. The management and staff are the rudest people I've ever met.
4 Want some completely wonderful vegan vittles?  At Segal's Oasis Grill you will find fresh home baked bread and pastries, as well as some of the freshest most wonderful comfort food available out there - and it's all kosher!  The restaurant is situated behind the kosher grocery. The food is simply wonderful!  This is the first time I have eaten at Segal's but I can assure you it will not be the last. For appetizers, we had crispy tofu and spicy sauce, veggie eggrolls (massive and a little greasy but so very good and perfectly crispy!), and the freshly made onion rings. The onion rings come in a very generous portion and they are thick and just excellent!  For entrées one of us had a pastrami on rye with curly fries and mustard. Even the mustard was different and just plain good!  My sister ordered sesame chicken over steamed rice and commented on how wonderful the meat was, being really moist and tender. Mom had a bowl of egg drop soup. I am a vegan and so ordered the eggplant and tofu. The eggplant was some of the best prepared I have ever had. So good! The menu has something for everyone - really. The price is very reasonable for the quality of the meal. I highly recommend that vegans make their way to this hidden gem and enjoy!
