5 I have been a patient of Dr. Sameera Sbaih, since she use to work over at Genesis Medical Group/Parkway Urgent Care on Green Valley Parkway. It was wonderful to hear she was establishing her own private practive. She is an excellent, caring physician. With her new practice (moved there in October of 2009). She spends plenty of time with all of her patients. You never feel like your rushed or bothering her, unlike so many other places I've been or visited over the years.
5 Dear Dr. Sbaih,  I will follow you wherever you go.   I don't like doctors. No, really, I don't like them. I could go on forever, but normally when I go to doctors offices they tell me I need anti-depressants (because I look tired and/or am stressed) and/or that I need to lose 20-40 pounds. I'm not model-skinny, but I am healthy, work out 6 days a week and follow a balanced diet; I don't need to lose 40 pounds and I absolutely do not need anti-depressants, even though I am not against them for certain people.  After several frustrating doctors appointments, cue Dr. Sbaih and my amazing first appointment.  She came in and has a warm smile, very friendly and she took the time to listen. I didn't feel like she was rushed or that I was unimportant because I didn't take enough medicines. I told her I wasn't able to sleep because of certain medicines, so she told me to take it at a different time with milk and TA DA! All set to go! She orders tests to ensure my thyroid (hypothyroidism) is happy but doesn't order 100 tests just to get money for Labcorp. She didn't throw a bunch of anti-depressants at me because I said I was stressed. She told me to get more sleep and to go get a massage or have a spa day. She CARES and does not focus on solving people's problems with pills.  I asked her how she felt about my weight. She told me that if I lost 20 pounds I would begin to look as if I suffered from malnutrition and that it was dangerous for me to continue working out as much as I do. She told me to give my body one day a week to breathe, eat between 1500-2000 calories a day depending on my activity and to not focus on getting skinny as much as being heart healthy and keeping my body fat % between 20%-24%. She said whatever I'm doing has worked well, but I need to let my body REST. Who says that? I LOVE IT! Instead of prescribing me weight loss pills (which she has and could have given to me), she told me I look healthy. Did I say I love her yet?  I could go on and on about Dr. Sbaih. FYI: Her staff? Equally as wonderful as she is, every single one! They are wonderful to speak to on the phone, very helpful, follow up when they say they will and are friendly when they're doing your vitals, etc. When my mail order prescriptions were shipped incorrectly, Dr. Sbaih wrote me a script that day for a week so I could have medicine until my prescriptions showed up. Dr. Sbaih, you are phenomenal, and I suggest anyone who wants a brilliant female doctor to go to her.
5 Wow ! My first time here and Im IMPRESSED. very polite service from the desk as well as the dr. They warned me about all costs ahead of time as i pay out of pocket. Same amount to go to urgent care but now i finally have a dr!  Also - ive been having allergy troubles since i MOVED HERE. The urgent care drs just give me a zpack and dont treat the PROBLEM. The dr here gave me a steroid shot & im actually clearing up already - that quick! I am SO bringing my whe family here from now on!!!
5 Yelp reviewers didn't let me down. Trying to find a good doctor in NV is like finding a needle in a haystack. Luckily, I found this practice because of Yelp's reviews.   Dr . Sabih just "got me" from the instant she walked in. First visit and I was relieved of the stress of finding a competent doctor.   Cons: I waited a couple of hours before seeing the doctor. Being a new patient I wondered if this was typical but was assured by other waiting patients it was a crazy day.
