4 Haq's is a good quality Indian takeaway on Leith Walk which offers great food and pretty fast delivery.  My flatmates and I ordered a curry from here last year and it arrived speedily and at a fairly reasonable price.  We had one their menus put under our door earlier in the year and decided to give them a shot when none of us could be bothered cooking or walking to get a takeaway.  My only complaint of Haq's is that the phone call to order the food was about as strenuous as walking to the nearest Indian probably would have been.  My mate had to repeat just about every detail twice and was literally screaming our address down the phone at the guy.   After this, however, the food seemed to take no time to arrive and only cost about £8-9 each, including delivery.  I had the chicken Kathmandu which was delicious with good quality meat, but just about blew my head off it was so hot!  I would recommend Haq's for delivery, just practise your elocution prior to the phone call.
4 It's been quite a while since I reviewed a take away - so its a good job then that Haq's was a pretty interesting subject to write about.  Firstly, the food here is amazing - the traditional indian cooking is splendid and I promise you, whatever you choose, you wont be dissapointed. No case of food envy here.  The take away service is varied however, sometimes it is a well executed delivery and other times it is so messed up you wonder how Haq's can get away with it. Theres no middle ground with the take away service - its either great or shocking!  Over all though, the quality of the food and the fact it is only around a tenner each for a banquet means I actually really rate this place highly.
5 Yum! My friend and I have ordered several different curries from here and they have all been delicious. From the super spicy to the sweet and tangy, it's all been delicious and filling.  We really like the free pakoras you get on orders over £20 and they make really great Chapati! It's so rare to find such good chapati in Indian restaurants anywhere, but Haq's definitely did not disappoint.   What a great place for take away! Totally worth it.
4 I've been here twice now, once when I first moved here and then a few weeks ago. The first time I wasn't blown away, but I can't remember why not either. Since we can't find Chinese to meet our needs we branched out to Indian. The guy who always works the counter is lovely and they offer a student discount, which is decent.   They also deliver for free locally and are very cheap, which is fantastic if you are feeling like some good Indian, but low on funds. They have so many curry's to choose from and all spice levels. The curry's are tasty and big portioned, the special rice, or non-normal rice has red and green colored rice, which is weird, but I believe you can get normal white rice. They offer two meal deals, which are less then 17 quid and you can get either veggie or meat.   It is certainly an easy take-away option and doesn't disappoint if you want a quick, cheap curry. Not amazing, but for the price it is tasty and you can't really complain.
