5 A truly great venue, whether you're watching rugby, football or live music. So many toilets!
4 its a very good stadium to go to.Its always a great atmosphere on matchday and theres places to buy food and drink at half time.You always get good support from the homeside at murrayfield and its a great stadium to go to.
5 Murrayfield Stadium was the site of the first proper match of any sport that I ever went to see.  It was a rugby match between Scotland and the New Zealand Maori in 1998.  Scotland got destroyed but, nevertheless, it was an amazing experience with a booming and charged atmosphere. Since then I've been back several times, especially during Six Nations matches, and I've enjoyed it every single time.  It never takes too long to get through the ticket barrier and once inside the gate there are plenty of vans selling hot food and alcohol.  Be warned, however, that the prices are just like festival ones and a pint costs about £3.80.  Despite this, it's definitely worth it when you get sat down with a pint and a burger ad enjoy the match.  The best seats are probably in the west stand as you don't get the sun in your eyes on sunny days or wet when it's raining.  However, even those sat in the corners still get a good view, and Murrayfield Stadium is well worth a visit for the experience alone.
4 Your liking / disliking of Murrayfield will inevitably be proportional to your liking / disliking of the game of rugby itself. I'm not particularly keen, but that's more to do with the fans rather than the game, which despite having a few flaws (too much scoring, it's often beneficial to kick the ball out of the field) has the potential to be very exciting.  Having grown up with football, a game open to all races and walks of life, which shows both social and cultural influences miles away from the stadium, rugby does however feel like a bit of a non-event. It has a very niche market, and a fairly large proportion of the fans that go do it solely as they feel it heightens their social status among the paved driveways of the suburban, culturally vapid middle class.  I want my fans at the stadium to be baying for blood, I want "welcome to hell" banners and riot police firing tear gas. I don't want some drunken poshos singing inoffensive songs and exchanging jovial banter with their rivals.  I do get mildly sucked in during the Six Nations occasionally mind you, and in terms of the stadium itself, you won't find a much more sizeable or well-appointed arena than this one. I just wish I could watch a highly organised, tactical 0-0 draw from it's stands.
5 This has got to be one of the best stadiums to watch rugby in! The seating in the stadium is close to the pitch, closer than compared to Hampden for example! On top of this catering at Murrayfield is brilliant! Beer tents galore, decent food for a stadium and whisky is available just in case!  But what makes this stadium so special is it legendary atmosphere! Now the people of course contribute a lot but the way the stadium is designed allows the spectator to feel close to the game and allows the noise to be increased tenfold by the bowl that is created by the stadium!  If you want to enjoy a great day out, then going to a six nations match here is ideal. The first time I ever went to see a game was when Scotland beat the English a few years ago, however when the Welsh or Irish come to town, the chanting does increase!  Tickets are cheaper and much more reasonable compared to football games, additionally, the stadium also holds gigs!  The best stadium in Scotland by a mile!
4 I spent an hour agonizing over the best seats to choose for the France-Scotland match, as I wanted to get good value for money! All this proved futile, because when we arrived, charged and covered in face paint (I diplomatically had both teams' flags on either cheek) we realized it's a rare seat in this stadium that would give a bad view. Now whilst this is great news, it also means that some seats are a little too far away even if one can see the whole playing field.  The sheer size of the stadium meant that it took a five minute walk just to get to the west stand! Finding the seats would have been even more difficult with the endless rows and rows, but thankfully some nice staff on hand directed us to them. The atmosphere was brilliant with a lot of French support ..."Allez les bleus!" resignated throughout the stadium, and I have to say I joined in and wasn't very loyal to my adopted home team. However, the match subsequently settled hit a bit of a lull, but I suppose it wasn't the stadium's fault!   The ticket shop was efficient, the seating areas were extremely clean and there were food stalls outside in case anyone got hungry. I will say that they definitely need to invest in more toilets, because during the break (France was winning and the Scottish flag had been tactfully wiped off my face) the line was ridiculously long. Any one in desperate need would have had to forfeit a lot the match!  Otherwise, nice stadium, much bigger than I expected and conveniently served by a few bus lines from the city centre!
4 Murrayfield is a bit of a legendary sporting venue, accommodating Edinburgh's love of a good rugby match. All of Scotland's major rugby matches are played here, and the Murrayfield area is always buzzing with people around the time of the Six Nations, and any other major rugby event for that matter.  The stadium is large, to use a probably underwhelming word, as it's tricky to do a stadium justice unless you actually go and witness an event there, and it has a capacity of over 67,000. If you've not got time to go and see a match here, and you just fancy a peek round the stadium, tours are relatively cheap, and you can get more info on the website.  Seeing as I'm not the biggest rugby aficionado in the world, I'd probably be more inclined to go and see something of the musical variety at Murrayfield. The most recent gig I saw here was Oasis, which was rammed to the highly numbered rows with people wanting a peek at the Britpop legends. A great venue to behold one of my favourite ever bands, and I'm glad I got in there when I did, seeing as they've now split up, sob.
5 If only Murryfield were the national stadium, I would be a seriously happy Scotsman. Indeed, it is not. But the stadium is by far the best in our tiny nation.   Watching a game here has an up-close-and-personal feel as you are right beside the play when it is happening. Something which Hampden cannot boast to have. I came here regularly when the Claymores were in existence and enjoyed many afternoons playing in exhibition games and enjoying the internationals after with my pals. Don't get through as much these days but do still love the site of the stadium when I get the train through to Edinburgh. It still gives me goose bumps when I see it, and I will always claim it to be the best stadium in Scotland.
4 If you do want to come here, then ideally you want to come for a rugby game, simply because that is the sport this stadium was built to show and when you do decide to come you'll find it won't cost you much to do so even during the Six Nations.  You do get football games here, most notably for any European cup runs the Edinburgh teams might be having, but really this place deserves to be given the chance to show you a decent rugby clash.  Even if you are not a great sports fan, watching a game at a stadium like this is not the same as watching it on the telly - it really is a completely different prospect.  Instead of being solely about watching the game it's all about the atmosphere and during Six Nation clashes the atmosphere really is electric.  On these days the stadium does deliver all it promises and if you get the chance to see a Scottish game here, do take the chance.
5 I have not been to many rugby stadiums in my time, but have been to dozens of football stadiums and I can confirm that this place is a seriously good venue to watch any sporting spectacle. For such a big stadium, you feel really close to the action, no matter where you are sitting and before the Scottish rugby you are given a cultural show beforehand which sets you in good stead for the ensuing match. The ticket prices are fantastic when you compare them to football matches and if you are a student you can get some really cheap seats. Last year i was able to see Scotland host Italy for only £10. What's more is that the stadium has some of the best food and drink stalls offering a variety of different food and although the prices aren't terrific they aren't horrendously bad, which most major stadiums are.
4 Very impressed with the stadium even if the game sucked big time (well done Wales). Very easy to get to and then to find your way around once inside. The sheer volume of people this places swallows up is amazing and the noise levels inside exactly what major sporting events need.  Totally agree with other comments asking why this isn't our national stadium. Puts Mount Florida's effort into the shade.  Watching the action is made easy by well planned seating and huge screens for close ups.  The array of eateries and bars within the immediate surrounds means you can nip in and out with ease.  Looking forward to a return.
4 An excellent stadium, world class. The first time i came here was for a Scotland v Wallaby game in 1997 and loved the atmosphere, the ground itself and ease of getting in and out...and the fact it's so close to the centre of town. Looks great from both inside and out. As a non-Scot I'm surprised its not the national stadium, but I guess its just politics man! Just a shame it's not utilised more often.
4 been here once back in 2004!!    I liked the idea of being able to drink at a sports venue. The game was Australlia V Scotland, and the seating is mixed usually so there is a good banter .. our view wasn`t bad for the ticket price.    The merchandise marquee outside the ground was cool and its wasn`t money you use for drinks but tokens. Which you get by swapping with your money at another place.    Come to think of it must be time to go again see if its changed much.    Enjoy your day ;-)
4 There's something about walking, en masse, with a very large group of 'fans' to whatever show or event you're going to, past Haymarket and onwards to Murrayfield Stadium. Comradare, community, team spirit and all that.  For me, it was to go and see Madonna. Now, this isn't a gig I normally would have paid for tickets for. And I didn't. Free tickets FTW! The appaling show aside, it was a great arena for such a show.  As other reviewers have said, it's huge. Ma-hoo-sive in fact. But it's easy to find your way around. Going inside is like going into a village in itself. There's lots of grassy areas, food trucks etc. before you then go inside the stadium.   All the staff on the ground were great, hardly any confusion, directing loadsa folk where to go. We were really, really far up the back, but directly in front of the stage. The seats are staggered well so even tall folk in front don't block your view.  Yeah Madonna, or MDNA as she was labelling it, was really quite poor (apart from Like A Prayer) but the atmosphere in the stadium was great, the staff were great, it was clean, all well looked after and yeah - if there were another gig or event here, I'd happily rock up en masse again.
3 i found myself a Murrayfield Stadium last night to watch Edinburgh Rugby take on the newly formed Zebre team (from Italy i think...).  I've been to Murrayfield a number of times thanks to an ex boyfriend turning me into an avid Edinburgh and Scotland rugby fan!   This review will be short...it's a stadium, there isn't really much to say.  The stadium is a bit old though and could use an update in terms of the loos and food facilities available.  However, it does what it needs to and seats people to watch good quality rugby (well sometimes...) and has a mostly covered seating area so when it rains people don't get wet.  there is also a handy Scotland rugby shop so you can buy your fan apparel, which i admit i have a few items of.... so yes, it's a stadium that needs updating but it's perfectly acceptable for what it does.  i only wish they would provide heaters for the freezing cold weather that fans are forced to watch the rugby matches in!!  at least Edinburgh won which made sitting in the cold for two hours totally worthwhile!
4 Huge rugby fortress, Not a bad seat in the house, National Team's Home
5 Welcome to the home of Scottish Rugby!   Went to see Scotland get wiped by South Africa!! .....  Fantastic sport/music Stadium ( Been here a few times)! Great atmosphere and friendly staff! All under cover which is handy in this Scottish climate!
5 Five stars for the atmosphere alone, with 67,500 standing for the international anthems, roaring on a solid Scottish defence or saluting an 80 yard solo try. It's not exactly 'fortress Murrayfield' at the moment, but the spirit is strong and the players respond to a rousing Flower of Scotland.  Murrayfield is Scotland's biggest stadium, by quite a way. They used to pack in hundreds of thousands of standing fans, but everyone gets a comfy seat these days of course. For international matches (around five times a year) the periphery is packed with bars, live music, mascots, have-a-go attractions and whatever else the SRU and its sponsors can lay on. Not many stadia have that option, so a visit to the home of Scottish rugby is a special occasion.  Back to that atmosphere: rousing anthems indeed, enough to bring a tear to the eye; screaming and roaring when the match enters its final few minutes; friendly rivalry between opposing supporters that starts in town and spills onto the streets after the game.  ...but you still get folk who spend money on a ticket, then stand out on the concourse drinking a pint for half the match. I've never really understood that.
4 First Rugby Game! I loved the atmosphere from all the scottish fans cheering up there team! the stadium is also very nice, we had nice seats, overlooking the whole field. Hope to see more games here next year!
