5 This company has a fantastic team and an excellent response time!  No one ever wants to have to deal with the flooding and damage that happens after one of our lovely Arizona monsoons, but when water damage is way too much to deal with, you definitely want someone like Denise and Scott to help you out.  We're not in the Chandler area, but they were happy to travel to our Phoenix home and ensure someone was looking after it.  Paul, their tech, is nothing but a professional, staying late and coming back early to ensure all the water-soaked carpet and nasty sludge was addressed.  Naturally, they have to use chemicals in their effort to control mold growth and to clean/sanitize the backflow-filled areas, but they weren't caustic or overpowering, and the clean smell lingers on.  Fortunately, Denise worked with my insurance company to resolve the water pooling (and a subsequent broken pipe, too) and cleanup claim, and if it wasn't for their speed of service, I'm sure we would have had to replace our entire subfloor, carpet & tile, and even the baseboards.  They were so nice to deal with.  I understand they do fire damage cleanup, too, but I hope we never need that.
5 Oh yeah, forgot to tell you about their website, which explains what they do and why, because there's always those unanswered questions.  servpronwchandler.com There's a form you can fill out, but it's better to just call if you have questions about water or mold or fire damage problems.
5 In so much as having a three or four large blowers drying one's home can be considered "pleasant";  this company and owner Scott  knows their business and is very professional. They are ON TIME, and FOLLOW THROUGH. Imagine that! If you need this type of service; USE THEM!!!
5 Scott and his team at Servpro did an outstanding job cleaning up the water damage in our basement.  They were at our house an hour after calling them.  They were helpful, friendly, knowledgeable, punctual and bottomline......did exactly what they said they were going to do and at a reasonable price.  I would definitely recommend their service and company!
5 I can't say enough about Scott and his team. I left a message early (early!) Fri morning and got a call back within 5 minutes. Within 60 minutes, Scott was here assessing our water damage and getting everything set up. He came by everyday to check on the progress and even came by Labor Day morning to take out the machines.  I hope we never need his service again, but if we do, he's our guy!
