4 From certain angles the Quartermile can make for an idyllic scene in contrast to the dreary buildings found in the nearby Bristo square area.  A reliable Starbucks, Sainsbury's and more fancy Peter's Yard equate to a solid place for milling around during any lunch break.  Just watch out for the odd cyclist racing past, you don't want your almond croissant and Americano to splatter all over your crisp polo shirt.
5 I fell in love with all the Quarter-mile apartments as soon as I saw them...and when I got inside then whoa!!! Hold me back!!  They mix the old with the new and have done it really well. Although it seems to have been on the go for years now, never seemingly finished! A friend told me there will be around 900 appartments in total, which is crazy. When it's finished it will be amazing!!  The flats themselves are quite expensive, but will be worth it in the long run as I fully believe it will regain its value.  They are STUNNING appartments though, worth a look!
2 I have quite a few friends who're Edinburgh locals, who, when they see this building (i.e. everytime they walk past this building) get kinda outraged. I mean, they grew up with the Royal Infirmary, which was torn down, or as the case may be, revamped, into luxury apartments. Hospital to luxury apartments. Hospital to luxury apartments. Does this not sound kind of wrong to you?  Apart from that, I just don't see the buildings' appeal. They're all glass and shiny and completely out of context. The only thing that keeps me from giving this place one star is that it is the home of Peter's Yard and I. Am. Hopelessly. Addicted. To their lattes. This was my friend's fault. For at least a year I stayed away from the Quartermile. Because I had some strange sense of principle. But then my friend made me taste the latte. And oh my.  But back to the actual Quatermile: these buildings are just plain incongruous.
4 The Quartermile is one of my favourite places in Edinburgh. Connecting the Meadows to Forrest Road, this walking and cycling path is constantly buzzing with activity.   Over the last couple of years the Quartermile has gone under some renovations with new flat being made where the old hospital was. Also, there is now a Sainsbury's, a Starbucks and a Swedish cafe called Peter's Yard.   These additions to the area has made this area very busy during everybody's' lunch hour, especially with school children and students. However, during the evening sometimes there are some musicians who play into the night, including those who play the violin and saxophone! Very nice when walking home on an Autumn's evening!   At the bottom of the path at the Meadow's end is the most well known Big Issue seller in Edinburgh. He is always there in the mornings and always has a cheery word to say. You will get to know him if your someone who walks through the Meadows daily.
5 They say familiarity is what leads to attraction. And perhaps this is why I feel so warmly towards the Quartermile. Living on the other side of the Meadows, I pass through it daily on my way to town. And I often spend a lot of time here.  For a start, it looks beautiful. The large open terrace area in front of Peter's Yard, Sainsbury's and Starbucks catches the afternoon sunlight beautifully. The small stone benches are always full of people sitting, enjoying lunch. There are bikes chained up around it, dogs tied and barking for their owners. Even in the winter, people huddle under blankets outside enjoying a hot chocolate.  It's still under construction (barely, though) around the back. Amongst the apartments there's a new Malaysian restaurant, an independent book shop - Looking Glass Books - and it leads to Pure Gym out the back.  There's not a LOT here but that's nice. It's perfectly proportioned. The apartments above the main block are kept nicely. It's a really clean area too. Despite the very large volume of people, mainly students, flitting over the smooth paved terrace, there isn't a scrap of litter. Bravo Edinburgh Council on that one.  It's beautiful to look at, with the Meadows stretching beyond it. In the summer, especially during the Festival in August, bands and buskers set up along the stretch of path, so you could pass an impromptu Lindy Hop dance, or cycle by a saxaphone player. There's also the resident man-in-a-gorilla-suit playing the drums. Adorable when all the children get excited and he lets them have a go.  Quartermile is one of my favourite places in Edinburgh. It looks beautiful, and yeah the shops and cafés are a bit pricier, it's not even for what is offered here. It's just how it looks, the atmosphere, the open space that is kept clean and fresh. I can sit in a café, have a coffee, go to the gym over lunch, find another café to have an afternoon cake in, then pick up my groceries before heading home over the Meadows. Perfect.
4 I'm excited to see what the Quatermile turns into. When they were building it I trespassed and made my way up to the top of one of the penthouses when it was just a concrete shell and the views from up there are awesome. Not that I could ever afford to be up there now of course!   I think that this entire area has so much potential but it needs investment to keep it moving onwards and upwards. Peters Yard is a great addition and we need more places like this and less like starbucks and sainsburys to make this an amazing place to spend time. There is some cool buildings out there which could house some awesome half bar/half workspace type places. This would be awesome.   The offices there are starting to take shape too with Skyscanner being in the main building and a wealth management organisation on another floor. I'd like to see more new companies ending up here.   It's definately somewhere to keep your eyes on!
