5 I tried Yumberi for the first time last week and it was so yummy! (har har har). Anyways, my favorite was the cheesecake flavor with cheesecake toppings! Love it especially since it is eco-friendly with their biodegradable cups and spoonware. The staff there are kind and very welcoming. The furniture is insanely cute too! Definitely a great place to just hang out for an afternoon. I plan on going back soon, I heard on twitter they just got pistachio flavored yogurt, SCORE!
4 To me it seems 2010 is the year for new self serve yogurt shops.  Many opening opening up all the time with tasty treats to offer to their customers.  The question is which one do you go to?  Yumberi offers many different flavors of yogurt with varieties that are either low fat, non fat, or sugar free.  This is a good start and are great all by themself, but if you want to add on the calories, fat, and sugar there are many different toppings to choose from.  If you have any questions about the yogurt flavors the workers will gladly allow you to taste any flavor you like.  Very friendly customer service indeed.  The inside of the store is beautifully decorated with modern looking decor.  Money and design was not spared when coming up with the concept for this place.  Really a fun, relaxed, and cool atomsphere to enjoy the treats that they offer.    One thing that sets Yumberi above or at least among the best is the use of environmentally friendly products.  Cups made from recycled paper products and spoons made from corn.  This concept should be the wave of the future for all places of business.  I will be back here when I have an itch for some great yogurt, soaking up fun in a cool store while not hurting the environment with the products they offer.
5 Being in California when the tart yogurt/pinkberry craze began I am rather picky when it comes to yogurt places such as yumberi. Although when it comes to yogurt this place has got it down. Their tart is delicious and they are always rolling out new flavors which is a big plus. They even got a flavored tart (raspberry) which made me really happy. I have already been here a few times and will frequent it for all my yogurt cravings.
5 Love this place!  What's better than a (relatively) healthy and cold frozen yogurt treat? Serving it in completely biodegradable cups, with biodegradable spoons! The place has a cool atmosphere and the staff has been very friendly both times we came in. I love tart yogurt and their plain and pomegranate are both super tasty!  Lots of toppings to choose from, including my favorite, mochi.  Definitely my favorite froyo place!
3 Quick catch it before it goes away ...another Yogurt place..yup  self serve, yup cool looking inside ..yup lots of tart flavors.   If you are hungry and need yogurt this is as just as good as any  other but nothing outstanding.  I think I would like to see some richness to the flavors but that's just me.  ( hint) Peanut butter yogurt !  Go try it , tell me what you think..
1 Worse frozen yogurt!  They have a decent selection of flavors but none of them tasted good.  The texture was grainy and extremely sweet.  Toppings were being refilled with packaged candy and the fruits were not fresh.  I wouldn't waste my calories at this place.
5 They have some outstanding choices in flavors... plus this yogurt has more flavor that mojo and yogurtology... I just wish they had more places in Metro Phoenix... I'll be back
4 Great Yogurt. Great staff.. Decent prices...
3 Being a hardcore froyo fanatic, I was super ecstatic when I randomly came upon Yumberi Yogurt because of a detour I had to take.  It's always exciting for me when I locate a new froyo place that might potentially become a frequent place for me to go to.  Décor wise, it wasn't the cutest or most welcoming place I've seen, but that wouldn't matter if the froyo was yummy right?  Customer service was good, as soon as I walked in, the nice employee came by and offered me samples of the froyo flavors, and they had about 10+ flavors.  I ended up getting a mix of original tart, raspberry tart and pink lemonade.  The raspberry and pink lemonade were pretty good and the plain tart was decent, although I have to admit that I've had better original tarts at other places.  One of the things I love most about having froyo is getting tons of fresh fruits to top it off, but the most disappointing thing at Yumberi were their selections of 'fresh' fruits.  Maybe I came at the wrong time?  Most of the fruit selections were more than half empty and looked like they've been out for a while.  I opted for blackberries and mochi (unfortunately this too was a bit dry) since the options were limited for my taste.   Overall, the flavors were decent and the loyalty card they offered could be a plus, I might give it another try when I'm in the area but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to stop by or promote it to others.
5 Best flavors and choices! So yum, yum, yummy. I think I had island coconut, pink lemonade, cherry amaretto, banana pudding, orange pineapple, and more all in my little cup. I love it!  The only bad thing...I have to drive a half hour away to satisfy my cravings.  So, I am still on the hunt for something closer and similar, but at this point Yumberri is my favorite frozen yogurt shop!
4 holy crap! I just had the best yogurt ever. it tasted like coconut cream pie...coconut yogurt with Graham crackers, almonds, and a little whipped cream. yum!!!
4 Yumberi Yogurt is definitely above average.  The yogurt is smooth and their are lots of choices for flavors and toppings.  White Chocolate and Cherry Amaretto were my favorites but cake batter just tasted like vanilla.   What makes Yumberi different is that they offer several bowl sizes and there spoons are fabulous!  I also noticed they had a kids cup for $.99  on Tuesdays with the purchase of an adult yogurt.
5 Seriously the best of the yogurt shops! They do it right. They have wonderful specials as well. Tuesday u can get a kids cup for 99 cents when u buy an adult one. The flavors are great there!
3 A decent frozen yogurt place.  You get exactly what you expect: a nice variety of flavors and lots of toppings.  I gave it 3 stars because I think yogurtology (just down the street) has better flavors and more options.
5 I went to redeem my Groupon for frozen yogurt at Yumberi today. It was a bright clean location. They had atleast 10 different flavors all either low fat or fat free and a huge selection of toppings including lots of fresh fruit. So I picked up a 16 oz cup and started filling it with pumpkin frozen yogurt. Then I spied the cake batter flavor and had to add that to my cup. Then I needed to try the strawberry yogurt so that went into my cup as well. I topped it with cherries, pineapples, blueberries, strawberries and raspberries. The Groupon was worth $6 and my total was $6.39. Thank goodness I had some coins with me. I sat there inside and ate my fro yo. OH My Goodness the pumpkin flavor is TO DIE FOR. I want some more right now. I'll be going back there again this weekend I'm sure since I have 3 more coupons.
