4 I came here just a few days ago and, although small inside, it actually offers really good service and food for very reasonable prices.  It's tucked away deep in Leith Walk and you could easily walk right by it without evening noticing its pale green front.  The service is inviting and friendly inside and gives you plenty of time to decide what sort of bread and filling you'd like.  I had prawn mayonnaise with salad on this really tasty brown, seeded bread which only came to about £3.50 alnong with a bottle of coke.   Although the range of fillings isn't as exotic as in other places, it has great quality cheeses and meats and offers plenty of different kinds of bread.  From my experience of it, this place deserves to do more custom it provides good service and fresh, healthy food at easily affordable prices.
3 Opposite the fantastic, attractive coffee shop Word of Mouth, Super Sandwiches looks a bit lurid in comparison. Tired and with cheap signage on the outside, you'd be forgiven for thinking it was a bit unappealing.  As Gibson said however, it ain't half bad! Selling bacon rolls for a pittance, it's got some great greasy spoon offerings alongside some more continental panini's. Their selection is modest but done well, and hits the spot.  The staff are qutie chipper and for something quick and easy, it's worth a look. It's not fine dining but it serves its purpose as a place selling snacky sandwiches. A reputable enough wee business that'll save your hungry belly when you're in a hurry.
3 There is absolutly no way you would say this place was a 'busy metropoletan gastro-cafe', no.  It's a greasy spoon that does paninis.  Although, to look on the bright side, those panini's are actually pretty good, and so is the rest of the food here - its definatly traditional greasy spoon food, but sometimes thats all you want. A calorific bacon butty and a can or Irn Bru. Hit's the spot every time.  The cafe itself is actually looking a bit dated and old now, but thats nothing a lick of paint couldnt solve and then this place would be as good as new.
3 I like to think of myself as somewhat of a sandwich connoisseur...!!! My ex boyfriend told me  I made the best sandwiches he's ever had in his life....one of the reasons I broke up with him was his groveling nature!!  However, I wouldn't go out of my way to have a sandwich here.   Their panini's are dripping in cheese, regardless whether you ordered cheese or not. It's greasy, it's small and it's a wee bit overpriced.  Not really a Super Sandwich, but not awful
