1 ADT is the worst company I have ever dealt with. There service people are lazy and their customer service people are rude. We have had a system with ADT for almost 3 years (because of a contract) and have had nothing but problems. We had a service person come out recently he stayed for all of 5 minutes. He said it should be fine and walked out of the house. He did not check the system to see if the issue was addressed.   As he drove off I tried to check the alarm to be sure it was in working order. Guess what!! the problem was still there. Go figure.  We are going with a different company effective immediately.    Please do not make the mistake of using this company for your alarm system. There are so many others out there do your homework as we  did not.
1 I had Brinks, which became Broadview, which became ADT and they are horrible. I called to transfer service to a new address and update the mailing address and I spoke with 4 different people over the course fo 30 minutes and only managed to get my old service turned off and the mailing address updated. I called SRP and it took them 5 minutes and 20 seconds to do the exact same thing. ADT finally called me back 7 hours later and I found that they wanted to charge almost double what Broadview was charging? $45 a month?? For what? To have a computer monitor it? Really? Oh yeah, and they wouldn't even prorate the charges for the month. My billing cycle  ends on the 8th of the month, so they wouldn't even credit me the extra 3 weeks when I was trying to transfer service. That's asinine.  Horrible service and expensive, and they try to nickle and dime you when it comes time to cancel. Screw that.
1 I totally agree with the other reviewers.   ADT is horrible.   Their employees are belligerent and incompetent.     They never got my address right and they persisted in using my landline (which is my fax line) instead of my cell as my primary number.    This meant that had I ever had an emergency, they would have sent police/fire to a bogus address and would not have been able figure out their mistake since they were calling me on the line that the alarm went through.     But that's not all.   Instead of correcting the address, several times they badgered to get me to "admit" that it was "really" my address...or my old address...or a business address.   It was THEIR typo...they mixed up "east" and "west" (and therefore had the wrong zip) and instead of admitting their mistake, they accused me of having two nearly identical addresses, one of which I had "forgotten" about.  PUH-LEEZE!    The phone?   I tried to get them to change the primary number FOUR different times and each time I was told that "this time" they really had fixed it.  Needless to say, I switched to a competent company.  Today, I got a call from an ADT bill collector, passive-aggressively chiding me for not paying my final bill.   I never received one.   He told me that indeed  I had.   Then he read my "address".    It was....wait for it....the fictitious address that I had never even seen!    It gets better.   According to my caller ID, he also  had called 3 different times on the land line before he finally went to my primary number, my cell.    Yep.   They never fixed that either.  Stay away from ADT.
1 So my neighborhood has had a few break-ins, I then decided it might be an excellent idea to invest in an alarm company. I contacted ADT. They sent out the contractor company Orangutan to install the panel and sensors. Since I have a cat and a dog, I had 1 glass break sensor instead of a motion sensor, and 3 door alarm strips. I thought I was getting the best equipment until I did a bit of research. Turns out, the 1 glass break sensor they installed was inadequate. ADT failed to let me know I will need to purchase additional sensors to properly protect my home. When I completed the research on the glass break sensors, I found out that they need to be place no more than 30 feet from any window. The one I had was on the East side of the house, leaving the three bedrooms on the West side unprotected. So, I guess you can say ADT thrives on the fact that we as customers, are kept in the dark, and therefore live in a world of false security. I lucked out and took advantage of the 3-day contract cancellation.
1 Absolute worst security company.  They do not make requested changes and do not work with their customers.  I can only imagine that their business is dwindling due to their business practices.  In short, if you sign a contract with ADT you have just let one thief in your doors.
1 I have been getting non-stop telemarketing calls from this company for 2 weeks, over 30-40 of them, despite telling them every single time that I want off their calling list. This is the worst company I have ever had the misery of dealing with. Please do not ever use this business, so that some day these calls might stop.
1 The Worst!!! Any claim they make to protect your home or family is totally false. My home has been broken in to twice in the last 3 months WITH MY ALARM ARMED and it didn't go off. ADT takes no responsibility for what's happened and they will not let me out of my ridiculous 3 year contract. Besides that, when I called to tell them I was moving and have the service relocated they informed me that I would have to sign ANOTHER 3 year contract!! Insane. The customer service people are like robots and they have no interest in servicing their customers. I'm a single mom with a 3 year old and knowing we have no recourse and no way to protect ourselves is an awful feeling. Why in the world would any renter sign a 3 year contract that has to be renewed every time you move??? ADT is not a service of any type. BTW- I wanted to give zero stars but I wasn't able to give anything lower than 1
1 We just purchased a new house in Phoenix with an existing ADT system. Instead of uninstalling the system, a local ADT representative (Steve) offered us a two-month trial to see if we wanted to keep it. We said sure, why not - we've never had home security and thought it was worth a shot. ADT tried to bill us twice during the two months and we had to endure the phone system in order to get the charges removed. Now that our two months is coming to a close, I've tried to call and cancel four times. When I finally got through to someone, they told me ADT does not honor trial periods, and that we would be paying a cancellation fee of OVER A THOUSAND DOLLARS to cover the next three years. I want this out in public, future home owners be warned. Do not fall for this scam. We are still waiting for someone from ADT to come forward and make this right. Surely someone in this company has a working moral compass. The local representative (Steve) who offered us the two month "deal" told us it is our problem now, and that he could possibly get the contract downsized to a year. Dirty, slimy business dealings ADT.
1 Update: The representative who contacted me a week ago called me today after two emails and a phone call asking for a resolution. The bottom line is that literally nothing has changed - they are sticking with the "offer" of reducing our contract to one year instead of three. I reminded him that he agreed with me that it was a very shady situation and that we had been "hooked in" (his own words) and then asked how it was worth it for ADT, as a business, to continue to try and get $300 out of us rather than stand behind their word and protect their reputation. Apparently it isn't! So, all the reviews will stay, all the reviews on Yelp, Facebook, Twitter, etc., and I will continue to add them. A huge thank you to those who have offered their support and those who are spreading the word. ADT is not an honest company and have made it abundantly clear that they do not care about their customers. I have not been surprised to find many more scathing reviews as I have added mine to the bunch.   ADT, I suppose I should thank you for showing your true form and making it easy to warn people away from your business. I hope it was worth it. Enjoy your $300!
1 I called ADT to cancel service at our home in CA 4-months ago as we were remodeling and turned off our landline. The representative talked me into not closing my account entirely but choosing a "Construction Hold." She said they would turn it off (put my account on hold) for up to 3-months but and (if) I chose to turn it back on this would save me having to pay a new start charge. I agreed after confirming that it would not automatically restart as we were considering renting that home out and moving to Las Vegas. Three months passed and on Dec. 07 I noticed on my credit card that they charged me again? I called and asked for a refund as I had not asked for service to start. We have rented our CA home as of Dec. 01 and now live in Las Vegas. The rep I talked to confirmed that there was a note in the file that service was not to be resumed unless the customer requested that it be resumed. He apologized and promised a refund would be issued.  SINCE THEN I HAVE HAD SEVERAL CALLS FROM ADT TRYING TO GET ME TO START SERVICE IN VEGAS (we do have a ADT system in our home here.) But as of today (Jan 3) no refund has been applied to my credit card.  So...I called again today. I HELD FOR 20-MINUTES and then talked to snarky Jeremy who informed me that I had no refund coming. That I did not choose a constuction hold, that I chose to use a $90.00 + credit that I had (that I was never told about until today) to pay the three hold months? He also said the service was never turned off? WHY THE HELL WOULD I USE MY CREDIT TO PAY FOR THREE MONTHS WHEN WE HAD NO LAND LINE SO THEREFORE NO SERVICE??? If I had been made aware (and I was not) that I had a credit, I would have used it toward the cost of turning the ADT back on in CA or in Vegas, not to pay three months of nothing! He transferred me to a higher up who was equally rude. Jeremy and his superior informed me that there was not a note in the file that the service was not to be resumed unless requested by the customer???? Why would the rep two weeks ago say there was a note in the file, if there was not? I am on this account althogh the contract was signed by my partner Walt. I am the first person to be called, I paid the bill for five years, etc. The last person I talked to today asked me the password on the account. I told her. Then she said she could not even close the account NOW without talking to Walt!!!!! Walt was right here and told her off too. I am not even sure that the account is closed yet? I expect to be billed for another month! THIS WHOLE MATTER MAKES ADT FOOLS. We have already purchased two D-link IP Motion Detector Cameras for $120.00 (one time cost) which are linked to our computer and smartphomes. Our phone notifys us if anyone enters our homeand we can actually see them on out phone! With todays Smart Phones, we don't need ADT so it would be SMART for them to stop being jerks to their customers.
1 You would be nuts to even think about having ADT for home security. I inherited system when I bought house so ADT didn't do a darn thing to start service. I had 3 false alarms due to a zone malfunction while I was away. First of all, trying to get ahold of someone locally is joke. I called salesman (local rep setup by national ADT that came by house and had me sign contract) and asked him how to fix problem w/ alarm system. He told me he had quit ADT and hung up on me when I asked him who to contact. Tried to call someone locally, but the number kept getting forwarded to national ADT.  The national ADT rep for trouble shooting told me it would be $150 to come to house plus another $125 an hour to troubleshoot.  Unless I had a service plan.  But low and behold, I couldn't get a service plan because system was not installed by ADT but by another company, who was bought by ADT. Salesman didnt bring that up at time of signing contract.  After calling back several times, ADT National number (east coast?) finally told me that they would send paperwork to sign on to service plan.  Never got paperwork, called back and was back at square one.  Decided to check wiring and contacts in house and found a bad contact that had separated from window.  Fixed myself. Now Im trying to figure out how to cancel contract, for obvious reasons.  Read the other reviews and you will see what a nightmare that is.  So, good luck.
1 the worst customer service ever, horrible
1 I just bought my first home a month ago and ADT has called over and over asking if I want a system. I started with the nice "No, Thank you" and have moved up to the "DONT CALL ME AGAIN" response.  Then last night at 8pm some guy shows up at my house to talk to me about buying a system!!! I wasn't even home, but my best friend was and he called me freaked out because someone is at my house when he knows nobody was scheduled!  What do we call that? Harassment!  Utterly Ridiculous! I'll be calling corporate today and if anyone comes by my house again I will be calling the police and pressing charges!
1 Any so-called security company who leaves an advertisement on our front door when we are away -- thereby advertising  to potential break & enter criminals that there is no one at home -- will never qualify as our "security" company.  We arrived home from a brief trip to find ADT's "NOTICE:  HOMEOWNER SAFETY" fully visible on our front door, along with two other advertisers' glaring reminders to the world that we are not at home.   If we could prosecute advertisers who leave their garbage hanging on our front door, we would.
1 I had the system for almost 5 years.  If you have a problem be prepared to hold, after talking to a machine, for at least 30 minutes.  Service techs are not skilled and do not possess the knowledge to help you. They don't know what products you have and can not solve any problems like beeping for 10 days.  They mailed parts but the parts were always wrong.  I made several attempts and the last time, after holding for 35 minutes, was disconnected by the tech.  Monitoring costs around $40.00 a month and I was paying for a monitoring system that didn't work and I couldn't seem to get the problem solved. I called to cancel and was forwarded to their customer retention dept. and was put on hold for 10 minutes.  When a human finally answered, I cancelled the service.
1 ADT is the absolute WORST service and systems EVER.  I have been a customer for over 6 years.  I was getting an "error" message on my panel and robo calls for the last 3 months.  I called in several times and was forced through their automated system....long story short.... I discovered two days ago that HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO protection for the last 10 months.  When I expressed dismay the result was "Sorry Mam for the inconvenience". Waited 90 minutes for a tech who was late and could not do anything without charging me.  When I asked them to cancel my "non" system I was put though to their "customer" service department who informed that no matter what I was told- they would charge me through 2015.  I will get this cancelled - this is the definition of NOT CUSTOMER SERVICE. NEVER WILL USE ADT AGAIN IN MY LIFE!!!!!  Absolutely the worst
1 ADT =  Un-professional  at best . ADT =  Low grade contractors   ADT =  Liars  ADT =   last people we would use as a security service ADT      deserves  minus reviews, minus two stars.
3 Adt customer service is terrible.  2  calls got the same arrogant female, not helpful. After 21 months of  a 24 month contract we moved and wanted to have adt in the new house in vacaville, ca.  The customer service (?) Witch says we had to buy out the remaining 3 months. Luckily, the local adt rep was there he handled it. Free install no cancellation fee. Product is good, local vacaville office is good, but customer service sucks. Call your local office.  Would have rated them higher, customer service brought them down.
