4 I've never spent long in this shop mostly because I worry that they'll see me for the observer I am rather than the buyer they want me to be.  If I had the money, though, I'd be able to come here without any fears because I would be playing the role of the buyer.  Not only would this offer me a chance to improve my homely surroundings, but it would also speed up my walk home.  If you want your house to look like all the identical showrooms you see on TV this might not be of interest, but if it's a bespoke finish you are after this is the right place to come.  The items here are something special - just 2 or 3 will transform a room, but this does come at a price.  Take their current centrepiece (at least in my eyes) - a bronze lighthouse (I hope you can see it in the pictures as of all the stuff I've seen here it is by far the best in my mind) for £125.  If you've just got a new kitchen for a few grand what is £125, but for me I'm afraid it represents an awful lot of weeks worth of food - I just wish I was a little bit richer.  If it's something unique and perhaps a little bit bizarre you are looking for this is the right place to come, their stock is something different.
4 Located on Morningside Road, Context Interiors is a store that sells really unusual furniture, decorations and ornaments and also has a great selection of gift ideas.  I came in here with my dad last week and he really liked an ornament on display of a golfer that looked a little bit like a golfing trophy, I thought it looked a little bit naff but then again I'm not a golfer. It was priced at a very reasonable £19 and I'm surprised he didn't make the purchase as he really did like it.  They have gorgeous mirrors and display and I only wish I had my own home and then I would come here for some knick knacks.  It's a great shop to browse, everything is very unusual and makes it feel like exploring a treasure trove as there are so many different items and the range is huge. The prices vary and you can get items for under a tenner but there are also a lot of pricier items too but I would say they are definitely worth their price tag for the quality. Although I was a little bemused by a large stick of wood called a "killer vine" on display in the window priced at £450. Ouch.
4 Having been in here a lot over the last few years, it was nice to finally make a purchase that made up for all my free ogling of their goods.  Said purchase was a lust-have item that I had seen sometime last year in the window....a fantastic set of army-style drawers that makes a fantastic industrial chic statement in our lovely 'new' loungeroom.  It also makes for wonderfully practical storage that looks amazing.  This was just one of the larger possiblities from this store, though....they have an array of odds n ends, little pieces for decoration or larger items, like lighting, mirrors, ladders, smaller cabinets etc.  I really like some of their wrought iron pieces, and love their nautical stuff, which I'll no doubt be plundering once I'm done fixing up our boxroom...!  Overall, there are some items that are quite inexpensive and others that are really quite expensive.  It depends what you're looking for.  The staff, however, are very helpful and genuinely pleased when their favourite items go to a good home!  It's well worth a stop if you're looking for something a bit more unique, or something for the more traditional 'male' gift, or interesting things for your home.
