5 As I age (41 now), I realize the preventive maintenance is what helps me stay looking younger. I get the laser Genesis, IPL, and Titan treatments with Kimberly at SkinFusion. She does such a great job at making sure you get what you need to deliver best results. She's no bull either - she will tell you exactly what results to expect (and whether or not they are reasonable). OH! The best thing: she will give you the best price in town. The best skin care lines she carries: Obagi and IS Clinical. Seriously best eye cream I've tried is IS Clinical Youth Eye Complex - it really does deliver the results fast. Make an appointment now: 702-280-2284
5 I should also add that she has helped clear up my spider veins in my legs too. Amazing results. I trust Kimberly because she has years of experience and keeps up with latest technology and treatments. This is her specialty and the proof is in her results and loyalty from her clients.
5 I have received IPL treatments three times in the past decade. Prior to finding Kim at Skinfuzion, I went to a medical doctor on Sahara who charged three times as much for a 20 minute treatment which bruised my face in four places. Luckily for me, Groupon ran an ad for IPL treatment and I went to see Kim. In all the years I have gone to see dermatologists to remove facial veins, not one has done an adequate job...then I met KIM! I had two LARGE veins running out of the bottom of my nose that could only be covered with heavy concealer. They were gone in one treatment!!! I also have (had) ruddy skin from years of lifeguarding and heredity that is now GONE.  She is extremely competent and professional.  I will not go anywhere else for photofacials and laser treatment. Kim is the absolute best in the business!
5 I just love Kim. She has done an amazing job on my skin!! I am now sending my clients for laser work to her!!
5 Every time I am in Las Vegas, I make an appointment to see the best...Kim at Skinfuzion. She is just amazing! In addition to removing broken blood vessels IN ONE VISIT, she has improved my sun damaged skin immensely.  If you need or want to try IPL treatments ( AKA-photo facials) then make an appointment to see Kim. You will not regret it!  I cannot thank her enough for making my skin look so much better!
5 Not all businesses in the beauty or medical spa fields are professional and courteous, but Skin Fuzion has the best staff I've ever experienced! I drive almost 2 hrs to get treatments and for my first appt, there was a mixup -- I was so disappointed after driving so far! But Lance called up Kim to explain and she came right over to see me! I've seen Kendall as well now and I just love the outstanding courteousy, professionalism, friendliness, and customer service I get from Skin Fuzion! I am a big fan now!!!!
