5 Kenny is awesome - can't say enough good things about him and his team!  You won't find another agent that cares and gives more than this guy!
5 I used Kenny and his team to purchase an Investment property in Mesa back in 2004 and had nothing but a great experience with him and his team. Even today (2011) they are still supportive with anything I need such as a professional referral or two - since I'm not in the Mesa area often. Great to see they're still kicking butt in today's real estate economy - that alone says alot!
5 This guy is as good as it gets! Kenny and his team are amazing! You will never meet another person that is as motivated and energized as he is, that cares as well! Although my house has not closed yet, his team has done a wonderful job of keeping me informed of where we are in each step of the process! I will use Kenny and refer him to anyone looking to purchase or sell a home!  Thank you Kenny!
1 I bought a home being listed by Kenny Klaus, and I found the rep I encountered to be rude. Also, some of my new neighbors (and a long time friend from two doors down) described a Kenny Klaus truck driving away with doors from inside the home and a sun screen. There were almost no interior doors left when we purchased. Granted that is second hand info, but I don't know what reason the neighbors and my friend would have to lie about that. Also, when we were in the process of closing, we would frequently stop by the house only to find doors and windows unlocked. Maybe they were careless b/c it was a government owned home, so they didn't have to answer to an in the flesh seller.
1 To begin, the sole reason this review received even a single star is because I always had a polite encounter with the office receptionist/secretary.   I recently ended a 12 month lease in Mesa, AZ with a Keller Williams affiliate called The Kenny Klouse Team. To start, the rental was over-priced for the value of the property. The property was advertised as containing a washer and dryer unit, but upon my initial walk-through the said washer and dryer unit was missing. I was able to negotiated a monthly discount based on this fact.  During my initial walk-through, I was able to take more than 50 pictures of problems with the house (wall scratches, dings, dents, paint chips, left over nails, wall hangings, holes, dirty floors, dirty and chipped sinks, leaking faucets, broken garbage disposal, dirty garage floor, faulty back sliding door, dirty windows etc.). The appliances, were and still are, all the original to the house. The most impressive of all was the refrigerator which, before I personally cleaned it inside and out, I would not have for a second thought of putting any edible food into it. The kitchen sink would have been a down-grade for a junkyard, not to mention the red spaghetti sauce that spotted the kitchen ceiling.   Not only did the contract include a non-refundable cleaning fee, it also included a request to have the carpets professionally cleaned. Upon move-in I used my own personal carpet cleaner and found the carpets to be the equivalent of the desert floor.  That made me curious if the carpets were ever cleaned prior to our move-in. Combined with the poor condition of the rest of the house, it makes me wonder what was done with the funds from the previous tenants cleaning deposits. It certainly was NOT used to clean the house.  As for the landscaping, the pictures as advertised were noticeably different from the time of move-in. The shrubs and trees were over-grown, the backyard had noticeable weeds and the small patch of grass (I should say the small patch of dirt) was not properly taken care of.  Before the final walk-through, the house was left considerably cleaner than the initial move-in. Although, in Kenny Klaus's opinion, the house was unfit to show to perspective renters. When speaking with Mr. Klaus on the initial condition of the property, my roommate stated that "the property was not sufficiently clean and the landscape was overgrown". Mr. Klaus replied, "That is YOUR opinion and I really don't care about your opinion".   In my line of business integrity is first and foremost. After this experience I believe Mr. Klaus's integrity, wether business or personal, to be severely compromised. I would not recommend his services to anyone who is considering to buy or rent a home.
5 I have purchase homes, sold homes and leased homes with the Kenny Klaus Team.   Through every step of the process Kenny and his team were knowledgable, professional and efficient.   Having done so many transactions with Kenny and his team I have had my share of trying circumstances and Kenny and his team were professional and fair in every transaction.
5 We had a great experience with Kenny and team and would highly recommend.
