5 The Sicilian Restaurant is situated right across from the Playhouse, but, I would imagine, many will not even notice it as it is overshadowed by the larger Ferri's restaurant which sits next to it.  It serves traditional, home cooked Sicilian food with great srvice and a calm atmosphere.  The waitresses are mostly Italian and are keen to cater for your every need.  As with many quality restaurants, the menu isn't huge, but has a wide and varied selection of ingredients and dishes.  I went for the bruschetta starter, followed by the pasta Alfredo which was a good, filling portion of penne with ham and cream.  Both were delicious and everyone I was with seemed to enjoy theirs just as much.  To top this off, it cost less than £10 per person, which was certainly great value.   I'd definitely recommend coming here, especially as it probably loses a lot of business to the larger competing restaurants in the area.
4 How lucky can a girl be! This restaurant is literally next to my apartment.  Before I ever ventured in here, my friend and I had always assumed its questionable location in a basement could mean two things; the place was absolutely horrible and hiding itself in shame, or it was a well kept secret with fantastic food. Thankfully for everyone concerned, it is the latter and I may be tempted to head down there in my pj's one of these days!  The food is really delicious, and you'll find the staples of any reputable Italian restaurant here; pasta, pizza, as well as some really good seafood. What is quite special about this place though are the desserts. The owner's wife just happens to be polish, and I bet you don't find too many Italian restaurants with Polish puddings!
2 Very reasonably priced, but trapped in a bygone era, the Sicilian Restaurant is a proper curio. The food is fine, and it exudes a sort of hokey charm, but I think there are many better places to go for homestyle fare.  Overall, we said: "as a trip to what restaurants used to be like, the Sicilian is quite an experience. But I don't think that's what they are consciously trying to achieve. Their version of authentic home-cooked Sicilian is far too constrained by the past, for my tastes. The place is interesting as a curiousity, but lacks the freshness and vitality to warrant a repeat visit."
