5 I adooooooooore Ivory and Willow!!!  It is the most haven-like of havens for a vintage decor and interior design-aholic like myself!!  Ivory and Willow stocks everything from mirrors to bedding, to cards and gifts to four poster beds and it doesn't maintain a ridiculous price tag to boot!  You would be forgiven for thinking that Ivory and Willow might be a tad on the pricey side, merely because everything it sells is so luxurious!  As if that wasn't enough, built into the back of the store is a fabric stall providing numerous different styles and patterns to go with all your lovely new Ivory and Willow purchases!  As for the decor of the store itself, I couldn't possibly tell you, as it's so jampacked with lovely things for us to buy!  And if you tire in your pursuit of loveliness, there's the instore cafe fro you to rest your tootsies in, complete with outdoor picnic tables!  I wound't go anywhere else when on an interior design spree, Ivory and Willow is phenomenal!
4 Crusading up St. John's Road, I realised I was in dire need of a caffeine boost. The shiny objects of the window displays of Willow and Ivory caught my eye.  Then I noticed that the shop also consisted of a coffee house, and through the door I went.    Seeing as the coffee house is intercalated within a upmarket, ornate interior shop, the interior certainly doesn't disappoint. In the centre is an elegantly petite chandelier  that's effect is enhanced by the large selection of mirrors hanging on the walls, all with ornate, golden frames.  This, along with the floral paintings also hanging from the walls, provides a well executed contrast with the dark seating.  The seating varies from chocolate sofas to lighter, beech chairs and tables. The tables and chairs are very well orientated providing the place with an open feel.   The foodstuffs available stretch far beyond what I'd expect from an average coffee shop. A range of herbal teas, smoothies, ice creams and delicious looking homebakes are available.  The hot drinks come in three sizes which are clearly presented just behind the counter so you know exactly what you are getting. I ordered a regular Mocha which was of just the right sweetness, although at £2.95 for a regular was a little on the pricey side.  Looking on the menu on the table, I found excellent meal deals for all ages, including a cheeseburger and an ice cream milkshake for £4.95 and a variety of options for children's meals.   As for the store itself, it is like walking into luxury.  It was very pleasant to have a quick browse and look at the ornate tables, chairs, beds, bowls, mirror and artwork available to buy. However, this is quite upmarket and so if your looking for Ikea value, this is not the place to go.   Overall, the blend of coffee house and interior shop is very well crafted and makes this place certainly worth a visit if you happen to be in the Corstorphine area.
4 There are some shops that are just unique in Edinburgh.  Ivory and Willow, in Costorphine, is one of these.  I have yet to see any other shop that combines a cafe with an upmarket gift shop.  It's definitely worth a look, which is just what I did.  The inside of the store is chic and sophisticated, befitting the clientèle that this place would be aiming for.  Prices are not cheap, but then you wouldn't expect them to be.  Most of the items they sell are the sort of things that you wouldn't need, but would end up buying anyway.  I perused their small section of greetings cards, and was reasonably impressed with what I saw.  The other side to this place is the cafe.  I didn't get anything, due to a lack of money at the time, but I was able to have a good poke around.  Apart from the normal coffee shop items that you'd find nearly everywhere, there was a visually appealing selection of small cakes and muffins, and a few shelves stocked with posh-looking biscuits, jams and other preserves.  All of these looked very tasty.  Ivory and Willow has succeeded in finding a niche in this part of town, and I expect it will get a fair amount of business.  Definitely worth a look if you're just window shopping, or looking to purchase that valuable one off gift.
4 The coffee shop is a bit on the dark side, which isn't helped by the dark wooden furniture and flooring.   Thankfully, they got rid of the plasma tv that played dance music...  Totally inappropriate for the demographic that visit. That said, their cappuccino is the best in Corstorphine, and much much better than you'd get in many other places. It's a shame that Wetherspoons along the road are selling their coffee at almost half the price.
