5 These guys are amazing! They always hit our deadlines and have the best customer service.
1 Ordered my magazine through them the first time and I got my proof fast.  The images looked a bit cyan and dark so I asked for them to be lightened and for cyan to be taken out.  Got a bit of flack for asking for this but they eventually reluctantly agreed.  Got the magazines and they looked decent but the price is so low because they print on Xerox machines.. Meaning your magazine will look raised like the ink is sitting on top of the page and gloss compared to the paper.  (Also the mag had some streaking in areas)  I went to place my 2nd magazine order and changed my address on file and attached my file to the order and sent it through.  I wait almost a week for a proof and call because i haven't yet recieved it.  The gentleman tells me that they got no file and were waiting on me to send it.  A simple courtesy call could have rectified the situation and saved me a week.  "Hello sir just wondering when we can expect your file?"  So apparently the file I attached didn't attach.  I send the file through a 2nd time on a monday.. wait until thursday and nothing so I call again and they say they are printing it and shipping it AFTER 2 orders that are in front of me (we are talking about a proof not a huge order here) So I'm thinking they forgot about my order and me calling reminded them.  I get a confirmation my proof shipped and it shows my OLD address..  I call and leave a msg (sent an email right after I sent the file through and didn't get a response which is the 4th email since i've been dealing with them that they never responded to) Call again today to see where the proof shipped to and it's my old address.. I ask him if he could send a new proof to my new address and I get his reason why I MESSED UP and ticked the wrong box here or there (When I originally sent the order through I put in all new addresses for shipping and billing so why those didn't take presidence I don't know.. I unfortunately didn't check the confirmation (because I double checked the order before I sent it through and the new address was listed) which is my fault because it listed my old address.  I was interrupted while I told him I just need the proof to the right address by him continuing to tell me what I did wrong.  I said it's not a problem right now lets just work it out and get the ball rolling.  He asked if I wanted a refund.. We are 14 days into the order and I have deadlines and customers who prepayed for their mags so I can't drop this order and find a new printer and set myself back that much time I say just send the proof we'll be all good.  At sometime in this conversation he began to swear because I cut him off in the middle of placing the blame on me for another problem with the order to which I said "if I did something wrong I'm sorry lets just move forward" I get off the phone with the promise of my proof being sent out today. 20 minutes pass and I get an email from another employee with short run and they told me that they don't allow their employees to be verbally assaulted and treated as I treated him.  If anything he cussed at me. I was a bit livid but never made any remarks towards him. I did say I wasn't happy with not having a priority because of the amount of time the order has been pending.  i also cut off his long winded explanation ONCE because I had already heard it before I just wanted to move forward. My order was now cancelled and so was my account.. Wasted my time and they cost me money because my prices were based on their cost of printing.  It really feels like they let some stuff slip through the cracks and they aren't too proactive or customer friendly.  Oh and the first mag was also behind schedule because their "machine broke down" it happens so I didn't care I was nice and accepted the delay.
5 I needed 750 college graduation programs printed at the last minute and was shocked by what the other companies were quoting. In addition, many other companies would not take the project due to the time constraints.  After sending the proof, I noticed I had made a spelling error!! I was panicked to say the least.  I called and spoke with them and it was easy to correct.    Short Run not only was able to complete my project ON TIME, but it was also beautiful and at a fraction of the cost other printers quoted us.  My programs were printed, trimmed, folded and saddle stitched in ONE DAY!  Thank you Jerod for your hard work and patience with us :-)  You are lifesavers Short Run Printing!
5 These guys were great!       I needed a magazine printed to propose to my gf with ( a fake US weekly magazine).  they were Fast and really on top of it...        The day i accepted the quote and uploaded the files, i was doing it wrong. Not even 1/3 into the way of uploading the magazine i got a call from them ( this was 15 min after their closing time too) and he instructed me how to upload the files to them properly.         Another thing, the company they use for file sending had a server issue and they couldn't get my files i sent temporarily  (not SRP's fault) and they notified me of the issue right away and apologized for the inconvenience.          Regardless, I STILL received my prints a DAY BEFORE the date they quoted me!!!         The website also did a great job of explaining how to prepare your PDFs for print, that helped me out a lot being my first time printing a mag.         One other really nice thing they did, is write "Congratulations" on the package, now that is personal service and made me feel really good!           They made a permanent customer out of me, highly recommended!  Thanks Again SRP!!!   BTW the Proposal went GREAT!
4 I am a big fan of this place.  I love the fact that you can order and submit everything online and if there is a problem they will call you and let you know.  The pricing and quality really can't be beat!  I will use this printer as long as I have events that need a good quality program!
5 I have a magazine that was online for two years.  When it was time to take it to print, I was very skeptical with printers so I went with the LOWEST price and expected sub-par results. That took me to Short Run and Danielle. She worked with my budget and got me the best price in the best time.    But that was not the only good part.  When I received my magazines they were amazing. AMAZING!! I was able to submit them to a distribution company and because of Short Run's "attention to detail," I secured a contract!!  Now my magazine is on the shelves of Barnes and Noble, nationwide!!!!    When it was time to print my first issue for the shelves, you know who I called... Danielle!  I owe her everything and I couldn't have done it without Short Run.  Their attention to detail is priceless and I will recommend them to the world in every print!    B.O.S.S. eMagazine.   thx Short Run Printing LTD.
1 I had the worst customer experience I could imagine with a company. To this date the President Jerod King has ignored my last 9 e-mails requesting an update and resolution to my issue. I ordered some magazines that came back with off color and horrible printing. They told me it was because the file I submitted was low quality but this was the only quality their online uploader would accept as it wouldn't accept anything over a certain file size. I would have been satisfied with a reprint on my order but now that I have been constantly ignored I just want my money back. I do not recommend using this company after this experience.
