3 This Chinese takeaway in Newington has nice, friendly service and is in a great location, but some of the food isn't quite up to the standard which you would expect for the prices you pay.  The menu has a good range of authentic Chinese dishes and the place has a pretty good atmosphere inside.  I went for the vegetable spring rolls followed by the crispy Hoisin duck.  It took a fair while to arrive, but there were enough tabloid newspapers to keep us amused as we waited. The springrolls were tasty inside, yet the pastry was a bit greasy and almost wet.  The Hoisin sauce for the duck was delicious, but the duck itself was beyond crispy and verging on tough.  Although the meal wasn't disastrous, I've had better takeaways in Edinburgh.
3 I have Gibsons back on this one, the spring rolls are rank. Like moldy, frozen veg  buried alive in a papery pastry. Just tasted like soggy cardboard. My Special Fried Rice was pretty good though.  Not the best, but it'll do.
2 This is not a particularly good Chinese takeaway. It is greasy, not massively cheap and for some reason it takes ages for even the simplest dish. As the other guys have already said the spring rolls are terrible, but surprisingly the duck spring rolls aren't actually that bad. I have no idea how there is such a difference but Chinese takeaways are often a mystery to me. The noodles are average and for an extra 10p you can have them in sweet chilli sauce which is actually quite nice.  Overall the food is pretty average and what you would expect from a takeaway but the thing that ruined it for me was the service. The young guy there is ok but the older woman is really rude and comes across as being really patronising. This was compounded by the fact that when I got home I realised she had written down my order wrong and I had a mix of what I wanted and another rogue dish. Grumble grumble
2 Another standard Chinese takeaway. I feel bad for places like Summerhall Kitchen sometimes, they are small, independent, trying to compete with the many, many other takeaways. But at the same time, the greasy, poor quality, probably not remotely Chinese food always gets to me.   Summerhall Kitchen offers the usual array of takeaway standards. There is a big menu, but that usually means the ingredients aren't fresh (another staple of a cheap takeaway). They do offer some money saving offers like the student deal for two at £13.50, and they also offer a 10% student discount.  Overall this place isn't that expensive, but at £4-£6 for a dish, you could still go elsewhere for far better quality.
3 Beef with Tomato Beef with Mushroom Beef with Pineapple Beef in Black Bean Sauce  Chicken with Tomato Chicken with Mushroom Chicken with Pineapple Chicken in Black Bean Sauce  Pork with Tomato Pork with Mushroom Pork with Pineapple Pork in Black Bean Sauce  Beef Fried Rice Chicken Fried Rice Pork Fried Rice  All followed by chronic diarrhea. We all know what to expect from this takeaway just by looking at it, so there's not much point in moaning.
