3 G-Star is a funny one for me, it was so big a few years ago and I never really saw what all the fuss was about. The G-Star fad seems to have cooled down quite a bit recently and it doesn't seem as popular as it once was.  For me, when I think of G-Star, I think of young boys who wear G- Star to try and impress and to match their orange tan, courtesy of the sun beds. For a plain t-shirt with the G-Star logo it's usually no less than £30 which I think is pretty steep.  I've always thought of G-star as a guys brand but I've recently noticed that Liv Tyler is endorsing their products... this seems like an odd choice but I guess they're going for a new look.
1 On principle I hate this place.   Let me explain - the type of person who comes here has too much money, too much hair product, thinks he is a hit with the ladies and drives a clapped out astra with a body kit on it.   Who in thier right mind would pay £70 for a pair of jeans? I live in jeans and there is no way I can see them surviving much longer than two weeks before they have holes in them. Unless of course they were 'designed' to have holes in them. A-holes.
3 It's quite a while since I realised that it's simply just wrong for males to care about fashion, and during bthis period of time G-Star has went from a quite underground, niche brand you'd find in Urban Outfitters to one that's now ubiquitous for heavily-gelled lotharios who "chill" with their "mates" and read Nuts magazine. Whether that's a step down for G-Star or not, I don't know.  The stuff is quite well made, and I did once have a pair of G-Star jeans that lasted a good 5 years before going in the bin, so it's not too bad. A bit tacky nowadays though, and not really on my radar.
1 This place represents everything I loathe in the lad culture. It's chavvy, it's generic, it's cheap and it's really not my thing.  There's not much more I can say really.....personally, it;s a total miss. But it might be different for you...
2 Don't get me wrong, G Star jeans are OK - although now a bit too popular.  A few (OK, about 8 or 9) years ago G Star was really cool, but has become a bit too high street.  The thing that gets me about this shop is that the staff talk to you as if you're their mate (sorry, 'pal' - which seems to be the most used word) and I'm probably old enough to be their dad.  G Star could do better by upping the level of service and focussing on a better class of customer.  God I sound old.  Now where did I leave my pipe and slippers?
