5 YES!   Finally a 24 hour gym opens in Edinburgh. Pure Gym is situated on the new up-and-coming quartermile in Edinburgh, just a stones throw away from the Meadows and a short walk from the University - ideal for everyone.   It only costs £17 a month to be a member of the gym, with a £20 initiation fee which is such a bargain. The gym is a really decent size and is filled with lots of workout machines and weights without being overcrowded. Every member is given a pin code which is used to enter and leave the gym, as well as enter the changing rooms. Classes are available at the gym, such as spinning, and there are plenty of personal trainers on hand to help you with your work out.   Pure Gym is purely a gym - there is no swimming pool, sauna or jacuzzi, but there is a sun bed! The gym is never too overcrowded and there are always plenty of machines meaning that no one has to wait in line to use one - amazing.
4 I'm so glad I signed up for PureGym  last year instead of the University gym.  It's open 24 hours and so you literally go any time you like.  They show a graph inside of the peak times which are from 6-9pm and then after that it gradually becomes more and more lifeless.  I usually come here with my flatmate at midnight and then stay until about 2am, by which time it's truly dead!  This gives us sole use of the cardio equipment and, usually, the free weights.   The treadmills, rowing machines, cycle machines and ellipticals are all in great condition and have plenty of computer functions for you to test your fitness on.   My only complaint is that it has a few too many resistance machines which just take up space and aren't all that effective.  This can lead to queues for the free weights as there aren't enough barbells or benches to around.  Having said that, they have a good range of equipment and at only £17 a month it's well worth the money if ypou stick at it.
5 Pure gym is, as the name suggests, pure from the commodities or extras that more pricey gyms have- jacuzzi, swimming pools and saunas etc. I joined up for the fact that it was so close to my flat and to the uni, which could mean I could have  the option of having a good session in the gym after a lecture or tutorial if I wished. Although I usually go to the gym quite late in the evening, the times I have been during the day, I have never had to wait for any of the machines I desire to use, and when waiting for any of the machines At £16.99 a month, you really do get value for money especially seeing as it is open 24 hours a day and you are not tied down to an annual contract, they even allow you to freeze the account at £5 if you are not going to make use of the gym for a particular month. If you do sign up for the gym I would suggest bringing a lock for your first visit, otherwise you will be obliged to buy one of Pure Gym's locks, although generously priced at £3, an extra you can avoid.
4 The other reviews have summed this gym up perfectly.  It a simple back to basics gym. I was slightly worried it was going to be a grim and grotty as it is open 24 hours and much cheaper than any other gyms in Edinburgh. I was very pleasantly surprised, it is clean, well equipped and has hot showers.  I also wanted to add that they have really good staff who are super friendly and happy to answer any questions about particular machines or give advice if you want to achieve something specific during a work out.
4 I really like this gym. It's super cheap, has a decent selection of weights/machines and it's super cheap. As a few other people have pointed out, it doesn't have a pool or any other luxury gym facilities (probably no sauna), but it does have lots and lots of machines. Lots. You can get fit on this equipment, shape your body to goddess/adonis levels, then spend the sweet cash money dollars you saved on a holiday to Tunisia and look good swimming THERE.  I've trained at cheaper gyms. I've trained at free! In Afghanistan, we made a gym out of two sandbags and a signpost. That's what you get for cheaper than £16 a month: an eternal phobia of hessian.  Go to this gym, enjoy the large selection of machines, get jiggly to some bad dance music, do some somersaults and then swim in north Africa.
3 I've been a member of several gyms over the years, and Pure Gym is best described as the place to exercise for the financially conscious.   It's a cheap as chips gym for £17 a month, which doesn't dent your pocket as much as a typical gym membership at £40+ a month. However, you get what you pay for at Pure Gym.   The basic facilities are absolutely fine. There's a large ladies' changing room, showers and a really well equipped gym. It's also large and despite it being monster busy over Jan I've never had a problem getting on a cardio machine. There are weights, spin bikes, mats and a wide range of cardio equipment to keep you busy.   So for £17 if you're a loner gym bunny, it's pretty good value for money and just what you need.   However, where this gym loses it for me is its complete lack of personality. The classes are quite poor (my abs class saw a bloke reading instructions from an iPhone while he watched us doing tummy exercises in an island of mats visible from the cross-trainers - not much effort there!), there's no chat from fellow gym members and it's all a little bit too goldfish-bowl-esque (no, I don't want the entire gym and passers-by outside to see me screw up yoga poses).   So a solid three star effort. It does the job but don't expect anything extra!
4 I have been attending this gym for several months as pay to play customer and at the end of last year decided to buy the full membership.  Great equipment, up to date - usually fixed quickly if something goes wrong. Staff are quick and friendly to help when needed - but aren't that proactive.  As a whole the gym and communal areas are clean and clear.  I agree with earlier comments that it's a bit fishbowl like! The main mat area is in in the centre of essentially four walls of machines / equipment and people def watch you when you are in there. (I watch people myself!)  For the price, it's better than many other gyms I've been to for more, hence the 4 stars.  Would recommend to those cash strapped eager gym buddies or those who want less fuss.
3 I'm gym-hopping again. And I do find it hard to be lavishly eloquent about gyms, so let's just break it down nice and simple:  Pros: - It's open 24 / 7.  - It's really quite big (for a small city like Edinburgh) and I have yet to see it so busy there isn't a machine free. Loads of equipment, with full cardio and weights range. - It's central, just off the Meadows, and conveniently close for where I live. - It seems to attract clientelle of the same ilk. No overly buff, grunting, protein'd up posers. No students (why would they come here? they have their Uni gym). So I don't feel out of place in my 5 year old non-branded shorts and tshirts, red-faced and frizzy haired. - Cheap membership, and you can cancel whenever you want (with one month's notice) unlike a lot of annual memberships.  Cons: - The classes are held in a very, very small space in the middle of the gym (no dedicated room). They have small class capacity, so book out quickly. And they aren't as great as any other class I"ve been to at my old gyms. I love me a good bit of boxfit, and am used to upper-cutting it out in a gym hall with 50 other gym bunnies and the instructor yelling down a microphone to blaring music. That's the one major, major thing I miss in this gym.  - It lacks any personal touch. You need padlocks for the lockers, you can buy padlocks in the vending machine. I was £1 down to get one on my first visit, had a spin class to go to, asked the staff if I could leave my bag with laptop in the staff room or take it onto the floor by my bike or loan £1. No, no and no. That's absolutely fine but it felt very "we have rules, we must stick to them, no personal element." So it's quite impersonal. But the staff are friendly.  So there's only two major cons for me. As Claire C has said, you get what you pay for. It ticks all the boxes, and well, for someone who wants an accesible, convenient gym that will guaranteed always have equipment free. But the lack of gym classes (or good gym classes) could put a lot of people off, as I know some people who only go to gym classes (and rightly so), so for those folk, consider elsewhere.
4 Whilst Pure Gym still is basic, and so hasn't got the high-tech whizzy gear or a very big schedule of classes, it's growing on me. So I've bumped it up a star.  The fact that it's open 24/7 is great. It means that the usual crowds are more spread out over a longer time period, as people aren't trying to cram in their workouts before work at 6am, or after work before 10pm. And it's really big inside. Yeah, it's uninspired and just a big room full of gym equipment. But there is SO MUCH equipment. So many treadmills. They're low on bikes, albeit, but so much equipment that I've never once had to wait for anything. Even weights.  They've also got those vibrating plate machine things, that I've seen people lift weights on. That's pretty high tech.  And the staff are all really friendly.  So yeah, it's not super fancy but it's cheap, it's open 24/7, it has SO MUCH EQUIPMENT (have I said that already), it's in a good, central location, and there's loads of locker space - yup, Im putting my faith in Pure Gym to get me buff for Christmas.  Just a note: you need your own padlock for the locker. Worth investing in.
4 Given I am new to Yelp I often forget I can review for places that aren't just food and drinks SO here goes... I have been a member of Pure Gym for a few months now and even though this week hasn't seen me visit quite as often as Id like, that is no fault of the gym! I love it there... it has everything I need. Bikes, yep. Treadmills, yep... rowers... YES! I don't fuss much with the classes on offer but would do if there was a Pilates/yoga option. At this stage there is no such thing but I have been assured that once renovations have been completed they will look into getting them started!  The bathrooms are fuss free and clean & I haven't ever felt like I shouldn't  use the showers/loo due to grotty reasons! The only downside is the hair dryers aren't great but I'm sure ill get over that one :-) x
5 My first time at pure gym and I must say its basic and simple plus really nice instructor staff who take the classes especially Lewis he is a really nice guy
4 In recent years, the sweaty establishments that we have known to be gyms have been ever improving by adding luxuries that are generally unrequired to function as a gym. Things like saunas, steam rooms, swimming pools and jacuzzis are how these gyms have been able to bring your membership costs up to £40-50 per month and disguise themselves as a health club.  For the standard gym-goer, these luxuries are exactly that. They are little extras that are expendable if it meant you could more than half your monthly membership cost. This is exactly what PureGym has created, a gym that does exactly what it says on the tin.  There is no wifi, no cafe or coffee bar to grab a sandwich/drink after your workout. There isn't even a coffee machine. What you are treated to is a bunch of vending machines, some of which supply you with gym equipment like gloves, padlocks for your locker and towels, the others supply you with protein shakes and isotonic drinks with a mixture of other things involved.  The gym itself is a large warehouse styled room with a partitioned area for classes (the "studio"), a free weights section and a general fitness/cardio/resistance machine section.  Not even being given the luxury of paper towel dispensers, PureGym ask you to bring a gym towel to dry yourself and the machines off after use to cut the cost on memberships.  You'd think because of this the general state of the place would be poor. Wrong. The showers are individual with doors for privacy, the gym equipment is very modern and well maintained and better yet, ALL classes are included in your £20 a month membership fee.  This is what a gym should be, a place to work out, not a place to spend 5 hours in trying to make full use of every little feature to get your moneys worth.
