5 I started going to see Dr. Wagner about 5 years ago (after 3 years with no dentist)  I should never say that I love going to the dentist, but they definitely make it a positive experience.  The entire staff is super friendly and treat everyone like a valued person to them.  I always recommend them to my friends.
5 I have been seeing Dr Wagner (Ron) since I was a wee tot. After over 20 years, I still love him and his staff. They always know who I am when I walk in and pretty much know my life story. My dad, mom, sister, aunt, uncle, husband, etc all go to him. I even moved to Henderson and still make the drive to see them. My husband even said I should find someone closer to home, but after him and his problem teeth saw Wagner's office, he makes the drive and is converted! I highly recommend them to anyone. They are always so courtious and delightful! Even when getting cavities filled (which I am a nervous wreck about), they still seem to be able to calm me down and get it over with promptly. Their office is high tech and even have TV's in each room to distract you. It is a one stop shop for cleaning, dental work, and even cosmetic/whitening. Ron's son Kent is also wonderful to work for :)
5 I "love" going to the Dentist just as much as everyone else.  Dr. Wagner's staff makes it easy to schedule an appointment while at the same time they are very accommodating if you need to change it.    The Hygienist are  very nice and gentle.  They explain what they are doing along with listening to your feedback.    Dr. Wagner is a caring doctor who obviously loves what he does.  Would recommend this practice to anyone.
5 I have always had a lot of anxiety about going to the dentist. This last visit, I had to have three fillings and a crown. Sufficed to say, there was a lot of drilling! If you are a huge baby like I am about even the slightest discomfort, you should absolutely come to this dentist. Dr. Kent Wagner is a very calming presence. He works quickly, and I have no fear of any future return visits! Rhonda, his assistant, was also really wonderful. She was very warm and calming, and made the whole thing fly by. The front office staff are really great. This is a dentist I will always return to!
5 By far the BEST dentists I've EVER known. Everyone takes SUCH good care of their patients. They truly care! I've had nothing but wonderful experiences through the years with Wagner Dental. I would recommend them to EVERYONE.
5 Best office in town
