4 The meadows is home to a large number of tennis courts (16 to be precise) that are open for play throughout the year.  The system they operate here is that in peak times it will be staffed and you have to pay to get in, but in down times it will be open and free for use.  Needless to say the latter proves to be very popular though the former is enjoyed by many real tennis fans.  A court will cost £8 (£4.50 if under 18) or £6 with a card which to buy will set you back £15 if you are a student or young adult and £50 otherwise.  The hours when you will pay these fees vary through the year, but in April - June and September the courts are staffed and hence cost money from 16:00 - 21:00 Monday to Friday and 10:00 - 18:00 Saturday to Sunder.  Then in July and August a similar system operates but from 9:00 - 21:00 Monday to Friday and 10:00 -19:30 Saturday and Sunday.  Come outside these hours or months and you do not have to pay.  I've never paid to come here, but I have been here a lot and if its outside the times its well worth coming down.  The evenings are usually quite good in summer as its bright till 9pm and you can get a long time on the court.
4 Once in a while everyone decides that they need to start a regime of eating healthily and being physically fit! This was me a few years ago, along with my flatmates and we decided that we wanted to play tennis! Well, after walking past the tennis courts on the Meadows daily we popped in to give it a go. And after playing there for a number of years it is certainly I brilliant sporting facility.   There are sixteen courts to choose from, some of the courts are protected more from the wind at the far end of the courts. All of the courts are of a good standard. Whenever we have played in the morning, it has never been really busy, but I suppose after the early risers have played then it does indeed get quite busy. However, a word of warning, at times when I have played in the morning there has been classes of school children there and only selected courts are available. The benefit of going down early though is that we have not had to pay yet. You can become a membership, and the prices are below in Robert's review. If you are going to go down and play in the spring and summer months in the afternoon, then it might be best for you to get a membership.   A really good sporting facility, adding already to the many sports you can undertake at the Meadows!
4 Back in the day, when I started uni these courts were free to use. I mean, they're good for the 3 days of sunshine a year we get in Edinburgh. And as courts there's nothing wrong with them at all. They're not the lush greens of Wimbledon, but for a little knock around they'll do just fine.  And I shouldn't really complain about them charging - as Robert says, if you go out of hours you can get on for free anyway. And they need to recoup the cost of maintaining them. In fact, scrap the whole first thing I said - good on them for charging.   It does, however, sum up Edinburgh, that we have 16 tennis courts in the middle of our public park area. Pimms anyone?
