3 Friendly staff and $5 large pizzas make this Little Caesar's Pizza a good choice for a quick weeknight meal.    Just like most Little Caesar's locations, the heart of this business is their $5 carry-out deal.  You can expect a bit of a line during the dinner rush, but it usually moves quite quickly.    You can't beat the value here.  They have got a good thing going, and I doubt it will change any time soon.
4 nice place nice people   never experienced a line here
3 Not bad for $5 pizza. In fact I've tasted worse for twice the price. I haven't tried he rest of their menu, so I tried ordering chicken wangs once since I was craving some. The wangs are too small and there was too much sauce. Service can be a hit or miss. Hot n Ready can be pipping hot and fresh, or been out for a while, so yeah a bit inconsistent also. But for the most part, whenever I am in need of a pizza fixin' I stop by here and get two large cheese on the go.
5 My boyfriend and I actually live by the Rainbow location. We've ordered food there & their service is AWFUL. We wanted to try this location hoping it was a different story.  We walked in at 10:45PM, Ross (the assistant manager) took our order, he was quick, accurate & polite (I truly appreciated his helpful attitude). We food was COOKED TO ORDER. One pepperoni pizza with light sauce, the other cheese with light sauce, an order of crazy bread. The food was delicious & I couldn't of asked for better service. I will be back to this location soon.
2 Not a very good Little Caesar's experience. I phoned the order in and got there to discover they'd made the wrong pizza. They remake our pizza, no discount of any kind for my wait, and it barely has any toppings on it. Not very happy with our experience.
2 Little Caesers has surprised me by staying open this long, I ordered a cheese pizza from here and buffalo wings.... The wings were a $1 more than the pizza, however they were just ok, nothing interesting. And the pizza was doughy still like it should have been put through one more time in the oven. But for $5 you can't go wrong if you just are real hungry and want pizza.
2 I'm not a lover of pizza, and you've got to be able to carry out, because there is no seating!   The $5.00 One topping pizza deal is awesome!!!! The pepperoni is always ready!   The quality of the Pizza is good. Better than higher priced competitors, that deliver.  The ingredients are cheap, to keep the price down.  Customer Service needs improvement. They make you feel like they want to get rid of you.  For the price, I'd go back. Not for quality, or customer service.
3 I've purchased pizza from here more times than I care to admit. $5 for a large pizza is not a bad deal and pretty hard to pass up after a long day when you're too tired to cook. The pizza is fine. Certainly not the best pizza ever, but for $5 you can't really expect too much. We've never had to wait very long to get our food, even on Friday nights when it seems to be busiest. If we are ever worried about waiting, we call in the order. When my husband gets the pizza and brings our 3-year-old son in, the workers there often give our son free cookies. He definitely enjoys it (who doesn't like free cookies?).   Overall, it's cheap food, but it's decent cheap food.
5 Little Caesars deserves more than five star considering the quality/service for only $5
1 Officially offended by this place. Employees talking about her husband getting hit by a car, swallowing, sexualness of each race, and screaming. Repulsed.  Did I mention the manager was standing there laughing with them?
1 Forgot these guys. Corporate BS. The girl on the phone didnt tell me the price over the phone so i made the trip thinking im paying under nine dollars for my pizza and its 7-8 dollars extra for veggies. I don't think so! And then the non helpful manager without a nametag said im basically screwed.
