5 Arran Aromatics were born from attractively humble circumstances. Choosing to start the family business from their home on the beautiful Isle of Arran, they have made their own alluring scents and salts for years using the natural resources available to them on the island.  The talented family have evidently brewed up magic potions, as their business has expanded out into their very prestigious shops in the upmarket areas of Glasgow, and here on George Street.  Selling many ranges, from face scrubs and creams to candles, this place is perfect if your skin is in need of pampering, or if you're wanting to pamper a special someone with a lovely present. They do a range of gift sets for £20 which include everything you need for a night in immersed in a warm bath.  Their candles are all very naturally scented and contained in glass holders. Some of the aromas range from refreshing, gentle lavender to zesty citrus and a spicy, comforting ginger.  The staff are very friendly and know their range. They look like they are very well taken care of, which is the overall impression I get from this homegrown business - they want to take care of you! It's a tad more expensive than high street stores, but who wants a chemical filled body lotion when you can splash out on something invigorating from Arran Aromatics? Absolutely lovely and a breath of fresh air.
4 I love Arran Aromatics products they are just so yummy! I used to work in Princes Square in Glasgow and sometimes Arran Aromatics would give little mini toiletry gifts to the other stores to let them see what they were missing out on. From the first moment I tried a trial bottle of the coconut scented Laurel body lotion I was hooked and have never looked back. Since then they've discontinued Laurel, much to my disappointment, but luckily I stocked up when it was still on offer. My favourite range now has to be their After The Rain collection which is very fresh and clean smelling.   Stocking body lotions, perfumes, candles, and a range for gents including shaving kits and aftershaves.   This branch in Edinburgh is beautiful organised, and beautiful presentation is definitely their things. All the packaging is beautiful, the displays are lovely and you can even get your purchases gift wrapped or put in Arran Aromatics boxes with ribbons if they're for a gift. The result will look beautiful and save you from having to wrap it yourself!  The staff are very friendly in this branch and are very knowledgeable about the collections and if you're looking for something in particular they're always happy to help and easy to approach.   Thumbs up Arran Aromatics, you rock. I just wish you'd bring back Laurel!
4 I first heard of Arran Aromatics on the Isle of Arran, where my friend's mother lives, and where I spent Christmas this year. There were three things that my friend said her island produced: Arran cheese (oh my lord, they make good cheese), Arran Aromatics, and Arran honey mustard (also very very much to die for). I've never been much into scented candles and face scrubs and special soaps, but there's s vulnerable part of me that likes just standing in the middle of the smells.   Arran Aromatics is a posher, better version of Lush and it's less abrasive on the nostrils. Also, there's always something comforting about a business that starts in someone's own house and becomes something that can keep itself above water on George Street. Kudos to Arran Aromatics.
4 Like Lush but hate the overpowering smells wafting and the sometimes aggressive staff? Head to Arran Aromatics for a refreshing fragrance change of pace. Good range of scents and products available, plus I think they offer massages if you're worn out from tripping around Edinburgh. If not, grab one of their fabulously scented massage bars and self-administer! Great souvenir to bring back since it's a local product. Located down a set of stairs from the main street so look carefully if you are trying to find it.
4 I could wax poetic for a while about the greatness of Arran Aromatics, so I'll keep it short and sweet: small, cozy shop with a great array of scents and products, from the easily affordable to the rather fancier. If you care about shopping local, this is the place for soaps, lotions, bath salts, candles and the like. I bought a lovely lavender soap bar that foams wonderfully and smells amazing. Arguably the best £2 ever spent.
4 I have known the Arran Aromatics brand & range for many years as my good friend has a house on the Island there and we visit often. The visit is not complete without a visit to the Arran Aromatics shop near Brodick.   The shop in Princes Square in Glasgow is also beautifully set up so I was pleased with this first visit to the George Street shop. It is nice to see this family business doing ok in this tough shopping climate.  It seems they are trying different techniques to get foot fall through the door.  I bought a deal on the voucher website "living Social" they were doing a good deal for £15 I got 3x 30ml of Eau du Toilete. This was to be collected in the shop and this allowed me to have a look at their full range.  Helpful staff and nicely packaged. I would definitely recommend this we shop and family business.
