4 I have been a happy residence at Oasis Place for over 3 years. The units are small studios (440 sf), but the kitchen and bath are generously sized. There is a HUGE tub in the bathroom. I think it holds 90 gallons. Needless to say, hot water is plentiful!  You also get a stacking washer/dryer in the hall closet ... What a luxury for a studio apartment!   My neighbors are usually quiet, no kids, no dogs (except the dogs that the neighbors from other apt. complexes bring by to poop on our lawns -- Bad neighbors! Bad! BAD NEIGHBORS!), and Oasis maintains the lovely landscaping every week. The trees, grass and beautiful landscaping was a big selling point for me.  I love looking out my window at nature!  When I have fix-it issues, it is easy to either call the office directly or submit a maintenance request online. They usually respond within 24 hours, unless it is an emergency (I've had several plumbing incidents), and then they respond very quickly.  The office staff is friendly and helpful.  While Oasis Place is not located in the best neighborhood (central LV), there is a Metro Police Sub-Station on the corner, and in the 3+ years I have lived here, there have been very few negative incidents. Overall, it is a well-managed, well-maintained apartment complex. If you don't need a lot of space, and you appreciate a nice view out your window, check out Oasis Place!
2 Pros: - close to UNLV and the Strip - centrally located (can get anywhere in Vegas within 25 minutes) - washer and dryer in unit - nice landscaping - pool and hot tub - office will hold your packages for you if you're not home (good because they might get stolen if left by your door)  Cons: - unsafe neighborhood (My apartment got broken into.) - sound of shopping carts rolling over sidewalk will keep you awake if your apartment overlooks the street - hidden charges (management fee, cable is required, expensive water, sewer, and trash. My rent was listed at just over $500, but some months my total bill was close to $700. I also only got back $370 of my $500 deposit without any explanation. I left the apartment clean and undamaged.  - apathetic management - when neighbors walk by, can clearly and loudly hear it inside apartment - solicitors shove advertisements through your door. Major annoyance and invasion of privacy - outdated, dirty exercise equipment in "fitness center" - stairs and walkways right outside the apartments are filthy - office is always crowded and you almost always have to wait in line to talk to an employee. They definitely need more people working there.   Overall, the apartments are not the worst, but I did not feel like a valued resident at all.
2 I don't believe this place is actually closed! I used to live there, about 6 months ago, and could not believe how I fell for their trap. I got $34 of my deposit back after cleaning and steaming my carpets... my washer was broken and they never replaced it, in the 13 months that I was there. There were "inspections" ever other month with people trekking in and out of your place. The day that I had moved out, a cracked out resident came up to me telling me stories of how this place had cameras in the vents. I saw another resident claiming he was homeless on the side of the road, collection money, and then came back to his apartment. Overall, a super cheap, crappy apartment.
