4 Before it's recent refurbishment, the outside of Cafe Salvo made it look like a slightly dingy, not very special, quick place to grab a coffee at best, kinda place. Inside was a whole other story.  Cafe Salvo is the sort of cafe restaurant I imagine New York has a lot of. Black and white photographs of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Marilyn Monroe and other classic American movie stars don the walls. The interior is small, perhaps a little cluttered, but altogether homely and has a family run sort of feel.  I think the owner has made this cafe just the way he wants it. He has his decorations and the film stars he wants. This makes the place feel genuine.  As for the food, expect big portions of home made style cuisine. Don't expect anything too fancy, expect your lasagna and minestrone soup. The prices however are very reasonable. For about the cost of a coffee and panini at Starbucks you could have a three course set meal at Salvo.  A genuine, distinct Italian cafe with reasonable prices and homely food. Highly recommended.
1 I went to Café Salvo with my family while visiting from New York. It looked OK (with reservations) from the outside, and the décor on the walls was charming (but NOT the plastic tablecloths).   The menu looked OK, but when our food arrived, it was TERRIBLE. The pizza was greasy, my sausage rolls was third-rate, the tomato sauce on the tables came out as pale orange ooze with NO tomato taste, and the cold drinks were tepid. I was laughing even before I'd reached half-way through my meal, knowing already that this would rate as the Worst Café Experience Ever. We didn't stay for dessert, even though the cakes in the display cakes looked OK.   NOT Recommended!
3 We only popped into Cafe Salvo for a coffee/tea.  I had no problems with it. We opted for Cheescake and chocolate cake ( homemade) a pot of tea and a coffee.  It was very tasty and the cafe has a homely feel with old fashioned sofas.   The reason it is recieving 3 stars is the chap who served us ( think it was this owner) was  unfriendly and rather grumpy! (  good service is a must i think !)  Atmosphere  generally was a bit cold and got the feeling people didnt stop here because it was an inviting , relaxed cafe, more that they needed to get in from the cold and get something hot, however i did think the cake was good !
