4 I love living here. The first thing you'll notice right from the start is that they have the friendliest and most helpful staff around!    They welcomed me with gifts when I first opened the door to my new residence with things like water, and stuff to cook my first meal!  Very thoughtful.   The apts are all very spacious with extra large roman bathtubs in the master bedrooms.    The only thing that is a deal breaker for me is that the rent for existing residents has gone us so much this year that I have to move out.  :/
1 Don't ever more to this place!!!! They have major bug problems! Spider infestation!!! And right by the airport and right by a train so u can always hear both! Also right next to sunset park so there's always a lot of homeless!!!! My apartment got robbed!!! There was like 10 other robberies and they never got security! U think they would! It will be a huge mistake moving to that sht hole.
1 DO NOT RENT HERE!!! While the grounds are well kept, maintenance is great, and the units themselves are nice, the management is an absolute nightmare! These people will bend over backwards to get you to sign, but the moment you get your keys all bets are off. They are not 100% honest or upfront with you when you ask them questions. You'll find random fees posted in your mailbox. The $300+ deposit you pay for your pet goes straight to their pocket - it does not go toward cleaning or anything like that upon moving out. The water/gas/sewage bill is a dynamic monthly cost that is averaged out for your entire building, so you aren't paying just for what you use, you pay for others usage, because apparently that's the most fair.  When we signed over a year ago we were told that our monthly rate for rent was 'locked in' and wouldn't increase if/when we decided to resign. BIG FAT LIE! Our rent, were we to resign, would have been $100/month more plus cable, because they made that mandatory, plus sewage/water/gas, and the random little bills they toss at you.  This place is SO not worth the money or the headache! We were on the side closest to Warm Springs and you could still hear the train crossing the tracks from the other side of the complex. They have a gate near the mail room  for easy access to the shopping plaza, but there is no lock on it. During the year we were there, I can think of at least 12 robberies off of the top of my head that occurred there.  There were black widows in our storage unit when we moved in that we were told to take care of ourselves.  Please save yourselves the trouble and just rent elsewhere. Their condescending bitchiness is not worth the Roman tub or the nice appliances. Just... Just don't do it.
