3 The Bruntsfield / Morningside area of Edinburgh is awash with great places to eat, and tucked in at the top of Viewforth is Le Mouton Noir, a small restaurant serving a variety of French cuisine.  I visited this restaurant for a friend's birthday meal back in March 2010, and this provided me with my first encounter with  French food - an encounter which was an enjoyable one.  There was a party of around 16 of us, and we were all accommodated without any hassle.  The restaurant is only small, but this adds to the atmosphere.  Combine this with reserved but modern decor, and you have the perfect place for a meal, whether it's a meal for two, or a larger group dinner.  There are two menus -  a standard menu that is used for lunch (Tuesday to Saturday) and dinner (Tuesday to Thursday), with a special menu used for the Friday and Saturday dinner.  This second menu offers the choice of two or three courses for a set price, and it was this menu that I sampled.  I found the prices to be a good reflection of the quality of the food, which itself was served swiftly from the kitchen by waiting staff who were attentive through the course of the evening.  Le Mouton Noir provides a great introduction to the world of French cuisine, and brings a great taste of France to Bruntsfield.  Well worth a visit!
4 Le Mouton Noir is bringing a touch of je ne sais quoi to Bruntsfield. This small French restaurant is a good place for a romantic little date for two (as to be honest are most French restaurants) or good for groups, maybe to wish a friend a bon anniversaire. If arguably a little cramped, the restaurant makes up for it with the décor which is fresh and avoids being overbearing. There are some set menus, with 2 courses from £16.95 and 3 from £19.95 on Fridays and Saturdays, or there is the a la carte option.   These prices are not too expensive, especially when you consider some of the other French restaurants in Edinburgh but the food is not up to the same quality. That is not to say it is bad at all, indeed my steak was excellent, but for the price I had expected something better. The mains generally have this problem; they are all very nice, but just seem a little overpriced. On the other hand the starters and deserts are délicieux. Another small point is that the wine list, whilst comprehensive, is also a tad pricey. This is often the case with French restaurants, and Le Mouton Noir is very good, there are just other, better ones around
5 Having been In France this summer I have been sorely missing the wonders of French cuisine, the garlic, the wine, the damn good food all in all.   Dining with a group of fellow yelpers they were always going to have a hard task to impress, but they were up to the job it has to be said.   The interior is a great modern feeling space, with a touch of Parisian cafe culture to it, a great place to be. Noticeable by the French girl in at the same time as us who was in for coffee and some cake :o)   As to my meal....!   Sharing with a friend we covered off the duck gizzards, escargot and the oysters. The gizzards were not at all what i had expected - very rich and meaty, they had been beautifully braised and were Delicious.   The oysters were as they should be - ice cold, fresh and served with lemon on the side as a well as a red onion vinaigrette. The escargot were also perfectly cooked and smelly of beautiful garlic - if I had to be critical would say it could have done with a touch of salt.   Onto main and for me there was only one option - steak tartar! The meat was so so so tender, marinaded with great flavours and top with a stunningly rich and fresh egg yolk. It was accompanied with frankly the best chips I have had in a long time - the group all came to conclusion they had been cooked in duck fat! Ooooober tasty! The salad if a little tired looking was tasty - perhaps some seasonal greens would be nicer...?   At the end of this I was very full but did enjoy a lovely brandy coffee and a nibble of Jenny L's rum soaked prunes which were delicious as was Joe A's cheesecake! Something to be tried on my next visit!   JD = very happy man!!
5 Mon dieu! If music be the food of love, then it is the sound of a French accordion playing La Vie en Rose emanating from the kitchen of Le Mouton Noir.  When Jurgen D suggested French food as August's cuisine for our monthly yelp get-together dinner I was over-joyed. French cuisine is my absolute favourite, and I'm not just saying this. I have visited France more than I have England, at least twice a year as a kid, and grew up adoring foie gras, steak tartar, red meat as blue as can be, haricot vert, goutier, creamy patisserie pastries, cheese and wine.  Le Mouton Noir is as close to a meal in Lyon as you'll find in Edinburgh. Whilst the word 'authentic' gets banded around a bit too much, I can't really think of any other way to describe it. French waiters, a French chef, and with real French passion for good food.  The menu changes daily so you can't find it on the website. I did laugh at the fact that it deatils every option such as "lamb shank in spices with sweet potato", "duck gizzard salad with walnuts and lardons" through every meat dish and then at the very bottom there was only one veggie option, described simply as "Veggie Option". If you know French cuisine you will know they are unsympathetic to those who go sans viande. Luckily I am not of that ilk.  So it was duck gizzards to start and feather steak for a main - rare. I'd never had duck gizzards before and only when going home later and googling it did I discover that they are in fact one of the few stomachs that a duck has. I was surprised. The gizzards were really delicious, and I think I had around 8 of them (that's 8 whole little duck stomachs, oops.)  The steak. Oh my god. The steak. Give me a moment.  When you order 'rare' in the UK it can sometimes arrive slightly pink, if you're lucky the potatoes may get stained a little red, but once or twice a 'rare' steak has been presented 'well done'. Le Mouton Noir's steak was still blue. And just... je nais ce qoui. Out of this world. It was a huge portion, and for only £12 I couldn't get over the value for both the quality and quantity. As Jurgen D has said, the chips were probably the best we've had too. It really was my best meal in a long time.   I have previously given another restaurant in Edinburgh the accolade of 'Best Steak in the City'. So that I don't appear to be giving that prized title right, left and centre I hear by reclaim it and hand it over to Le Mouton Noir. I would seriously eat out here every week for a steak and glass of red. Just perfect.  The ambience is wonderful too. Dark wood, fairly small inside with limited seating, candles, and of course... it's French. Perfect for a date night, but also for the table of 8 yelpers that we were.  Oh and my dessert of rum prunes was killer!! I'd never eaten prunes before - turns out I like them. And also turns out that there was probably at least three shots of rum in total. I left a little merrier and tipsy after those.  I have definitely found my new favourite neighbourhood eaterie. It's actually affordable for a weekly meal, but the quality is some of the best I've had.
5 I must admit my only acquaintance with French food has been the occasional croissant or baguette. However, whilst dining in Le Mouton Noir, I almost forgot I was in Edinburgh and on glancing out the window, kept expecting to see French architecture.  What induced my dream-like state were the French music, French waiters and a French chef producing only French cuisine - no alternative Western options on the menu, although I'm sure they could improvise on request, but why would you want to?!  The food: I had a rather unexpectedly large bowl of garlic butter muscles - for being a starter which made me worry about my next course, however I was disappointed I couldn't lick my fingers upon finishing - minding my manners and all.  This followed with a perfectly proportioned main of feathered rare steak, chips and salad.  I cannot recall a meal where I wanted to savour every single flavour and am grateful to my fellow yelpers for wanting to share their delightful discoveries too. Normally I always make room for pudding and wish I could comment on dessert.  The options sounded amazing but on this occasion I resisted temptation based on not wanting to over indulge a fully satisfied belly! Being a Yelp newbie and not that familiar with my table of Yelpers beforehand - I'm not sure whether it was the passion for Le Mouton Noir's fine gastronomy or that the yelpers were all round fine folk that led me to feel a bond.    Moving on to pricing. Wow! I had a double take, a squint, a rub of my eyes and another squint followed by confirmation from my table that the prices were in fact a lot cheaper than we expected: £12 for the best steak I've ever had - amazing value for money and a purse left with a happy ching ching of change in it.   Le Mouton Noir is petite with modern and simple décor and a cosy or intimate feel - depending who you are with - therefore suitable for date nights or small groups.   Also, my unfamiliarity with French cuisine provoked me to remark at the prominence of meat options on the menu and now that I am better educated will point out that since the French are much about their meat dishes, there were only one or two Veggie options - for whom it concerns.  I will definitely be returning to my Petite bit of France and maybe learn some of the lingo too!
2 I wish I didn't have to do this but I really didn't find this place that impressive the second time I went.   My family and I were the only people in there and the service wasn't very good. The music was terrible and too loud, we had trouble hearing eachother. My family and I discussed in passing that it would be great if they changed the playlist in the future. So as we recieved our cheque my dad tried to mention as nicely as possible that it might benefit the business. They were very rude and said with lots of people no one noticed. Well.. we were the only people so we did!   The food was great, but throughout the night I felt as though the service wasn't up to par. It's sad, but I probably won't return here for a while with so many other places to try!
5 I've been holding out on writing this review as I 'd never really eaten proper French food before and I didn't want to gush max-treme amounts of praise if, once I finally ate more French food, I realised Le Mouton Noir was an imposter and a fraud. Well, we went to Paris last weekend and I can confidently say.....  Le Mouton Noir serves French food! My mind was LEGITIMATELY blown! Woo.  The butter! The cream! The sauces! The beef! The soup! The bread! The wine! All spectacular, served in a comfortably dark room filled to the brim with satisfied food-eaters. It really is a tiny room, and it really is quite dark, but there was a buzz in the air that made the whole experience grin-widening. And such a mix of people! We had a table of four young girls sitting across four young guys (quadruple date? mixed doubles tennis mixer? Jack Wills Christmas dinner?), various old couples all conversing animatedly, an Australian bogan inappropriately ordering the kangaroo (carn' mate, ya signpostin' it. Yer as subtle as pingers at the bowlo'), people ordering in French (legitimacy!) and finally a handful of Luke & Sallys- all people-watching, committing faux pas', stoking love-flames and enjoying a FANTASTIC restaurant. At a mightily reasonable price!
4 I really enjoyed my visit to Le Mouton Noir. I had the onglet (skirt steak) and it was tremendously good; probably one of the top three steak dishes I've eaten in Edinburgh.  Overall, we said: "So whilst they didn't hit the right soup quest notes, Le Mouton Noir rather charmed me. The service was very understated, which may not suit all tastes, but I found them quietly efficient. The main course was good enough for a repeat visit all on its own, so I'll definitely be back. Next time, I'll try a different starter; maybe the oysters or the snails."
5 For a few months now i have been stopping periodically and looking at the menu wondering whether there was anything on the menu that my 7 year old son would like.  I finally decided to chance our luck last weekend and WOW firstly the dish my son had the half Poussin with Lemon and rosemary butter and frites was a winner for my son plus he polished off half of my moules!  The atmosphere is very laid back and interior is very rustic, the service is fantastic and our waiter could not do anymore for us and he was great with my son. The food is fantastic and at a reasonable price.  The winner for me was the dessert of a duo of creme brulee one of them being a lavender creme brulee truly amazing.  We will definetly be back
5 Absolutely Gutted that this brilliant restaurant is now closed for business, I will need to find a new french restaurant to sample!
