3 A very useful, if perhaps expensive, service. Follow the signs to "left luggage" and queue up to leave your heavy suitcases while you explore the city of Edinburgh unencumbered. They do call it "luggage" for a reason!  Bags are run through an xray machine and I did see at least one person ahead of me who was asked to open their laptop for inspection. While their website mentions that the storage area is monitored by security cameras, who leaves a laptop!?!  You pay when you pick up. At this time, £7 for the first bag for the first 24 hours.  The service is quite firm and inflexible. There is a £15 penalty if you lose your ticket. If you drop off three bags, but only want to pick up one and leave the other two for a while longer, they can't deal with it. You have to claim (and pay for) all three and then re-deposit the other two.  All in all, a secure and easy way to store your luggage while you visit the city. Check their website for other locations in airports and major train stations.
2 I am not a big fan of Excess Baggage at all. I had to use their service when I came to Edinburgh to move into a new flat, unfortunately I arrived several hours before my flatmates did so was therefore lumbered with two big heavy bags for the day. It's great that there is a company that can keep hold of my luggage for the day, but the prices are excessive, and it annoys me how there is no option that will allow the Excess Baggage Company to keep hold of your bags for less than 24 hours at a more modest price. In Glasgow it is possible for them to keep hold of items for 0-3 hours for £3 per item, but this option is not available in Edinburgh, so I was forced to pay £14. Maybe its because there are no competitors for the Excess Baggage Company in Edinburgh that they feel they can charge such high prices for simply having a security camera on a bag.
3 Me: Were any keys handed in from the Glasgow train today, about 8am?  Mr £5.85: Nut.  Me: Do you have a number for the lost property at Queen Street so I can check with them?  Mr £5.85: Nut.  Don't blame him, I can't stand the general public either.
