4 Ok, I'm going to stick my neck out a bit here and make a rather bold claim. So forgive, you may have experienced better. I mean, you haven't, but you may think you have. So here goes. This place does, without doubt, the best bacon roll in Edinburgh. I mean that. Heaps of tasty, crispy bacon (but not overly crispy, just nicely crispy) on a roll that wasn't too floury but perfectly soft.  Outside this places looks really welcoming. They've gone for the whole French patisserie look, and it works because it's on a leafy little street in Brunstfield. It's simple, but effective. Coffee was alright, not great, but drinkable all the same. My friends both had paninis - a pesto, mozzarella and sun blushed tomato one, and a sort of meat ball sub (which was amazing).   The only thing to watch is the sit in prices are nearly double the take out prices. I'm not sure why. Tax reasons perhaps? Anyway, the bacon roll was worth at least a tenner.
3 After reading Neal W's review saying that this place had "the best bacon roll in Edinburgh" Cafe Citron found its way to my must try list.  Emily + bacon = nomnomnom.  So, this morning when the road works decided to force me to walk a block out of my way just to cross the street, I decided to take a detour via the Cafe.    I can definitely see how it would be THE place to visit for the school kids as it is literally directly across the street from the school - though interestingly enough it wasn't rammed full of kids getting their morning quadruple espresso triple chocolate drinks that I see elsewhere.    The interior is cute and though it has a few seats it is easy to see that this place caters more for carry-out than sit-in customers.  It has a standard array of offerings - rolls (breakfast and lunch), coffees, pastries, other drinks, nothing terribly out of the ordinary.  I noticed a carry-out deal for a hot drink and a bacon roll for £2.00 so I opted for that.  The coffee was very nice - full of flavour, not bitter, and not far off of something you would get at Artisan (high praise indeed!).   The bacon roll was good, but I have to say, not something I would write home about.  It was indeed full of bacon and on a soft roll, but it just didn't rock my world.    Now of course I will have to go on a mission to find what I personally think is Edinburgh's best bacon roll.
4 This place was a lovely place to my espresso in the morning before headed off to work.  Their pannini are also quite tasty. My breakfast usually consisted of espresso and the BBC pannini. Come and give this sweet little cafe a try =)
3 The coffee is cheaper than it's Costa neighbour, the sandwiches are plentiful and inexpensive, but theres a few things that keep it from being extra special.   1. The mass amount of school children who raid the place at several hours of the day (why are they never studying?)  2. Sometimes don't have all the ingredients you want (I seem to try to order smoked salmon sandwich 3 times but they never have it!)  3. Not a lot of seating  It's alright to pick up coffee, id take it over costa. 1.85 for a coffee to go. Not bad!
