4 I am very pleased to have a great brunch spot in the Foothills area! We just went this weekend for the 2nd time, and it will definitely not be our last! I do not eat eggs so sometimes breakfast can get a little boring, but I did not feel that way here. I had plenty of options and my favorite was the biscuits and sausage gravy. I think we have found a lil gem right in the Foothills and once the neighborhood finds out about this it might get too crowded!
4 I've played Foothills a couple of times.  Not bad at all for the price.  The Foothills has some decent scenery, and it's been in decent shape both times I played.  The layout is nice, with water coming into play on three or four holes.  For the price, it's much better than comparable courses in the East Valley.  You can usually get a spring twilight round or a summer round for a very reasonable rate (~$30?).  The practice facilities aren't the greatest.  The layout is kind of confusing.  The course isn't particularly difficult, although I want to murder the 17th green.  Those bunkers are going to get it next time.
3 This is not a golf review!  I came here two weeks ago for a wedding, so my review is based entirely on the wedding.  It was an outdoor wedding in front of the clubhouse.  The way they incorporated their waterfall into the precession was quite nice I will say.  As for the banquet facility it was just OK.  The food was served buffet style and it was god awful.  The staff was quite nice and it was open bar, can't complain about that!!
3 I played Foothills this morning and it was fine. Not spectacular, not crappy, but somewhere in the middle. We had an early tee time, so we were able to beat the heat and the course wasn't too crowded.      I enjoyed the seemingly laid back attitude. All the starter said was, "The putts break away from the towers, have a good time." At the ritzy, uptight courses, the starters or marshals seem to read you the constitution before you can even tee off.      The course was in decent shape. The greens rolled true and there were a few that were two-tiered. The fairways had just been aerated, but I wouldn't knock a course for that. It's maintenance that has to be done. The "desert" areas weren't necessarily  desert areas, but spots were ground was cleared and stuff never grew back.      As far as the layout, It was designed by Tom Weiskopf and Jay Morrish, two well-known course designers. The front nine wasn't horribly difficult, while the back was markedly tougher. There was four sets of tees, with the black (or back) tees stretching out to just over 7,000 yards. There were some tough holes with deep, steep-faced, green-side bunkers, but only a few fairway bunkers. Water came into play on four holes, but there were no long carries over the water. All of the par fives were reachable in two, while the par threes were of the shorter variety. One of the nicer aspects of the course was that not too many holes were laid out next to each other, so you don't have to dodge errant shots from golfers playing the neighboring holes. The drawback to this is the course winds through housing developments and the views of the mountains are obscured.     The clubhouse seemed nice with a small bar for drinks and sandwiches. The pro shop was adequate with the necessities but didn't have too much in terms of equipment. To buy clubs and such from a golf course pro-shop isn't the most frugal decision anyways. They did have a clearance rack of shirts at good prices.     Foothills is a course I would play again, as well as recommend to others. While not dazzlingly difficult or breathtakingly scenic, It is a good value, and the atmosphere is an enjoyable one.
1 Well let me start by saying I play golf frequently and live in the Pinehurst,NC area. I have purchased many living social, groupons and other discounted coupons. I presented this living social deal to the staff after calling and verifying it was valid. The staff did accept the voucher, but was extremely rude in doing so. I have never been in a Pro Shop and been treated as poorly as I was here. We had 3 passes but could only use two and the manager was rude and said we won't honor the other one even for the paid value(Living Social policy til 2016). You can call whoever you want, but your not getting anything else from us. This happened on 12/29/11. The deal also included $50 each worth of range balls along with a unlimited golf and a gps cart. The head manager said just go down to the starter and they will take care of the balls for you. We went down and the starter proceeds to give us only $20 dollar range cards each shorting us each $30. We hit balls at supposedly a top notch course. They had mats to hit off of and no where to tee up a ball. I asked about any grass range and was told it was for members only. Never have been to a course and hit off of a mat and to tee up anything you had to find a crack or whatever to try and jam a tee into. Went back up to have lunch after hitting balls. The deal included lunch which was very good and the two girls that worked in there were great. Best part about the course so far. After lunch I went back to the manager to get the $60 worth of range cards he owed us. He said the old owners did not give out as many balls, but the $20 card he gave us was equal to their $50 card. This was a total lie again just as he lied to us before we went to the range and said we would get our $50 card from the starter. By the way, the starter told us that the manager called down and he gave us exactly what the manager told him to give us. After some convinicing the manager finally came up with $60 more in range cards.  The course was just O.K. but sucked for speed of play. They had nobody keeping the play going until a twosome playing with us called. He showed up 30 minutes later and then it sped up for the next hour. Never saw the guy again and it took like 6 hrs. to play 18. So much for the unlimited golf deal. I know this was long, but I would not play this course if it was free. I sure hope they don't treat their members this way. I almost forgot.. no GPS cart and it was so ragged looking and backfired down every hill. Worst golf experience ever.
2 I used to love this course, but I don't know what is going on there anymore. The greens are just horrible! You can not putt straight there are dead spots and it looks like disease, the ball zig zags all over the place.
4 One of the better course at an affordable rates, even the winter rates, its still affordable. Landscape is pretty good mainly due to the course is built on bottom of South Mountain, AZ. Fairways are generous and forgiving. Some holes are surrounded by houses. Greens are typical speed and can be tricky due to the mountain (tip: just make sure you are aware of the mountain and water wrt your putting line) but not PGA fast. Long hitters will have fun on most of the PAR 5s. I would definitely go back for another round. I have taken lots of photos.
1 Would have rated a 0 star but could not... Pathetic course conditions... Its April for petes sake... The staff was very rude and inconsiderate... No water at all in ball washers or even the ball washer on the cart... Will not recommend or play this course again...
2 I have never seen such an unkept course.  I would not be writing this review if I had payed $10 to play here but they charged us $50!  The cart paths were rough, the grass was yellow, and the greens looked like a disease was growing on them.
