4 I hadn't seen Antiques Etc open until today, so I was quite excited to have a wee rummage.  It's a tiny shop situated just off the Royal Mile, selling a small amount of curiosities.  It's fairly expensive and they don't have a huge amount, but it's quite refreshing to look around an antique store where I don't feel as though I'm going to send crockery toppling over like domino's. There was a nice amount of cups, saucers and older ornaments that looked like they were in pristine condition and valuable.  A nice change from the usual tourist traps found in this area, Antiques Etc has some cute, unusual little offerings from days gone by. A favourite with older couples but a nice browse for all ages. I'm just sad I didn't go back for the vintage Bagpuss who was gazing up at me from the back of a chair. Hope someone gives him a good home!
4 There's not many things more unnerving than a mounted wild boar's head staring at you from a Victorian pram, wearing baby head gear. Actually, there's nothing more horrifying than that sight. Which is why I really loved this antique shop on St. Mary's Street (simply called 'Antiques').   From the moment you see Baby Boar you know this is an antiques shop with a difference. Sure they have all the usual tat like china cups and plates, kettles, that kind of thing. But they also have some weird and wonderful stuff too.  I particularly liked the old radios and clocks. It's quirky, that's what it is. It's run by two guys who seem a bit younger than your average antique shop owner, and it's all the better for it. One thing though - I'm no antiques expert, but some of the stuff did seem expensive for what it looked like. Still, go for Baby Boar, he's worth the trip alone.
5 I must have walked past this small sized yet perfectly formed antique shop on St. Mary's Street a hundred times until I noticed it just last week. Like Neal, I was drawn to the boars head just chilling in a pram, it made me chuckle and I was tempted to follow the instruction to kiss it's snout for luck. When in Rome...  When I popped in for a scout it was a little bit cramped, due to it's small size and abundance of goodies it's a little bit difficult to navigate without following over something or someone, especially when there's more than 5 people inside.   The following items caught my eye;  -A 1950' picnic set in a wicker basket priced at a very reasonable £39! -A jug shaped like a stick of celery with eyes, ears, nose and a mouth -A gasmask...  A rather eclectic mix of products, but interesting nonetheless.  They had an excellent selection of stools, small tables and various small chairs all very reasonably priced so excellent if you're a student and looking for something quirky to brighten up your pad. A saw a pretty white stool with a floral tapestry for only £13! That's very reasonable indeed and it was really cool.  I overheard the shop keeper helping another customer out with an item she was looking at, he was very helpful and it's nice to see an excellent level of customer service. So many antique shops can be run by snooty nosed old gits but the guy working was young and very friendly.
5 The unimaginatively named Antiques has taken up a bit more of as prominent position on St Mary's Street of late, as they've started displaying some of the goods outside in order to reel in the festival drones. It certainly made the place catch my eye, as I pass it every day yet only went in for the first time recently.  More about oddball curiosities than serious, Sotheby's style antiques, their wares seemed to include a giant plush Tweety Pie and a garden gnome, which I found quite cute. Aside from that, there's everything from old clocks and gramophones to furniture.  I don't see me taking the plunge and buying anything anytime soon, but there is something quite magical about this shop.
