3 Hector Russell, located on the Royal Mile near the junction with North Bridge, is primarily a kiltmakers.  This is attested by the fact that at least one of the shop assistants was wearing a kilt.  This is not something I often see, even in Edinburgh.  Anyway...  Most of the walls of the shop are covered with kilts, and they offer the sale and hire of kilts, as well as kilts that are made to measure.  Coupled with this is a comprehensive range of all the accessories and other clothing items normally found with a kilt.  Whilst all this is the main thrust of the shop, there is also a small souvenir section.  This doesn't really compare with some of the other souvenir shops in the city, but then this isn't what the shop is for in the main.  As a kilt outfitters, they seem to have it all covered though.
3 I was quite grateful to head in to a Scottish tourist shop that wasn't overwhelmingly packed! It's towards the end of Princes Street, so my theory is that most tourists have lost steam before they can make it there.   It's not unlike any of the others; you can get souvenirs, whisky, tartan covered items and shortbread in any shape your heart desires. However, it is slightly classier, and I don't recall any annoying bag pipe music. It is significantly smaller than many of the other stores up the street, so it's only really lacking in variety.
4 Tartan plays a big part in Hector Russell and whether it's a tartan teddy, hip flask, pen or kilt you're looking for, you've come to the right place.  I noticed a rather fetching tweed jacket on a recent scout around and in comparison to other tourist shops in Edinburgh, Hector Russell is aimed more at selling clothing, and good quality clothes at that. Real wool, cashmere and other top quality materials are used in the products here and all produced in Scotland, of course.  I can definitely recommend the tartan woollen scarves that they sell. I bought one last year. I refer to it affectionately as "the woollen" and it's kept me toasty ever since.
4 Natürlich musste ich, wenn ich mal in Edinburgh bin, zu einem Kiltmacher! Und nein, es gibt keine Fotos von mir im Kilt ;)  Direkt unterhalb Castle Hill liegt diese Filiale von Hector Russell  Ich bin nur in diesen Laden, um mich etwas umzuschauen und evtl. ein paar Souvenirs zu kaufen.  Man wird von den Angestellten sehr freundlich empfangen und es gibt auch keine "dummen Fragen", alles wird kompetent beantwortet  Es gibt eine große Auswahl an Tartans in verschiedenen Qualitäten, auch komplette Outfits incl. Sporran, Plaid, Sgian dubhs etc. Auch Schals in den verschiedenen Clanmustern und die üblichen Devotionalien, die man unbedingt braucht (oder auch nicht).   Rausgegangen bin ich mit etwas mehr Wissen über die schottische Tracht und einer großen Packung Shortbread :)
