3 There are confusingly two Barnados shops on the same street, one on Nicolson Street, then another further south on Clerk Street (the day this street maintains the same name throughout, I will be soooo pleased!)  I actually came here after a tip-off from my course organiser that they had over ten copies of a novel we required- in brand new condition and £2 each! These charity shops, of which there are many on Clerk street, can certainly be lifesavers and there is a wide variety of books available. It's actually scary to think one could get a healthy book collection so cheaply; a lot of these novels are priced between £1 and £2.50!  It's definitely worth a visit if you want to pick up good, cheap books which are surprisingly in great condition most of the time.
4 Given my astonishing level of ignorance and their somewhat cryptic name, I must admit that despite knowing of them for years, and donating all my old toys when I was in my early teens, I only recently found out what cause Barnados champion. Vulnerable children it turns out, so they're well worth your cash, and  while I've yet to actually find anything I want to buy in this store, I do still occasionally pop in for a leaf through the pile.  Considering the stock is comprised entirely of stuff others don't want, expect to find autobiographies of former X Factor winners and second-tier footballers, and loads of those tawdry "thrillers" that bored housewives turn to when their husband's impotence and pattern baldness make the alternative option that bit too stomach churning.
4 Following in the footsteps of Oxfam, childrens charity Barnados have established a series of charity shops specialising in books and music. As all of the stock is donated, there can be a surplus amount of bad celebrity biographies, true crime, chick lit and real life stories. If you look beyond these however, there's usually some gems to be found.   The last time I visited I found copies of novels by Zadie Smith, Lorrie Moore, Alice Walker, Toni Morrison and Joshilyn Jackson nestled between emerging and award winning writers. All were priced £2-£2.50 and in very good to excellent condition. I also spotted some pretty good baking and cookbooks in the food and drink section including the Wagamama and Green and Black cookbooks. Both were marked down to a fiver and the latter was packed with mouthwatering recipes for gooey chocolate brownies, cakes and cookies.
