5 Nice selection, helpful staff.  The repair center is great, will take my bike there again.
5 I was itching for the New Victory High Ball and was excited to see it at RideNow Goodyear.  They were informative, professional, easy to work with and willing to negotiate the deal I needed.  Dave was incredibly helpful, very cool to work with, and took the time to be honest and know what I was looking for.  They built a relationship with me as I say on bikes for months before taking my new bike home.  They earned my business. I highly recommend them.
1 I recently got my bike out of storage and the FI light was coming on.  It was due for the yearly service anyway (which was also performed by Ridenow Goodyear), so I call to make an appointment.  They said they could not perform the service and run the diagnostic for a few days, which was fine by me, and I dropped off the bike.  It wasn't until several days later that the service even got done, at which point they found that the battery was no good.  I had a conversation with them on the phone that explicitly stated that when the new battery was put in, if the FI light cleared DO NOT RUN THE DIAGNOSTIC (as it was an additional $100 or so).  Come to find out they replaced the battery, but they claimed the light was still in so they ran the diagnostic (low and behold it was due to the original battery being bad, and the new one they put in was running at a low voltage because the technician left the key on OVERNIGHT).  So essentially they caused the condition of the FI light, several days AFTER they orginally had said they would get to it.  As I was out of town for a few days when the service was performed, it took a couple extra days for me to be able to come pick it up.  This was explained to the service technician at the time, and this will come into play later.  So after the bill was tallied (which was around $360), I learn that the full yearly service was not performed as was orginally requested (only an oil change).  I also learned at that point why they FI light still came on after the new battery was installed (again, it was THEIR NEGLIGENCE IN LEAVING THE KEY IN THE ON POSITION OVERNIGHT).  And since the required yearly service required an air filter replacement, the service tech said I should bring it back in for that (fat chance there!). Then he proceeded to tell me he was doing me a favor for not charging a storage fee for the bike (despite the fact that the actual service performed didn't happen until days after originally scheduled).  I cannot speak for the sales end of the business, but as far as the service goes I feel they are overpriced, incompetent, and on some level dishonest.  I will NOT be bringing any of my motorcycles to Ridenow Goodyear for service again.
4 Came here during a motorcycle trip to the grand canyon. My chain was stretched to a dangerous point. This was the closest place I could find.  I was helped immediately, my bike was serviced in about an hour, and I was back on the road. The staff seemed quite knowledgeable.  I normally hate these huge dealership/service centers. But I had a good experience here. I was charged a fair rate to boot.   I would recommend this place.
5 I've had excellent service from the parts department. I bought some ATV tires and one of them had a manufacturers defect. I took it in and they took care of it in a very professional manner.
1 Do not buy parts there !! Go to partzilla.com instead !! It took forever to get the part in and they made forty dollars off our part plus got free shipping to the store then wouldn't through in a $1 O-ring that they charged me almost three bucks for!! I even complained to them about their over pricing and they still wouldn't do anything to soften the blow to my wallet...like throw in those O-rings!! We will never go there again!!!
1 Never buy anything through there parts department. It took my part almost two weeks to get there when they said it would take three days. They need to change there name from Ridenow to Ridelater. They also way over charge you. They receive free shipping from Polaris but do not pass the savings along to there customers. I was able to find the same part on line for almost half the price. I will never buy anything there again.
1 Please look at the BBB website, and various other ratings website before giving this company any of your money. There is a pattern here with them.  I did not purchase anything from them for a reason. There are a lot of other local companies that are more deserving of your business. Try and call their corporate office in Tempe on Kyrene, and see if anyone answers... EVER. That right there should raise a big red flag.    Buyer Beware is my only comment.
