4 I only just stumbled upon this place last week. Which makes sense, as its only been open for a few months. It's actually really close to the Thrift Shop.   Miss Dixiebelle specialises in burlesque lingerie. They have other items of clothing as well, such as trousers and skirts and dresses, but they claim that what differentiates them from a shop I thought they were affiliated with in the Grassmarket, is that they mostly sell lingerie. Really sexy burlesque lingerie to boot.   I'd give these cool cats 5 stars if their merchandise weren't so terribly above my price-range that it kinda hurts. Corsets are about 150 pounds. Trousers (really cool high wasted trousers with huge buttons) are over 50 pounds. I mean, I want to own these things, but I refuse to pay that much money for any item of clothing.   But if you do have some moolah stored up, or if you just want a good excuse to buy something sexy, stop here. And shop here.
5 This review is way overdue!  I have fine fly-away chin length hair and went into Miss Dixiebelles on New Years Eve in the hope they would be able to create a hint of a vintage look for my night ahead at The Vegas Grand Hogmany Ball. When I emerged onto the street, I felt the universe turn its head and wink at me.  This belle went on her way with a little wiggle and boo-boo-bi-do.  My Inner Goddess had arrived. I felt like I was the subject in a lynx advert which went like this: the first people who saw me step out of the parlour immediately looked to where I came from (possibly a secret portal through which you can time travel), a bird which lost some feathers when it flew into a wall, countless admiring glances and compliments made not only by my friends but total strangers - women and several men. How often do men compliment your hair -  normally they struggle to get past the 'errmm something's different, what have you done?!'; this continued with a guy tripping up the stairs as I descended them and ended with the lend of a gentleman's arm to steady my wiggle home in the wee small hours.    And it didn't stop at midnight; my hair (with the aid of some extra hair spray) survived wind, rain, chilly temperatures and 3 days -  2 of which were spent at work. The response to My Inner Goddess here was sheer amazement at my transformation and from males in particular - some stumbled over their words, some indulged in flirtation and others spoke to me who have never spoken to me before and don't even work in my department! I felt like I had them in the palm of my hand. I'm winking right back at you universe!   One thing that could make people clench their teeth is the price tag. My hair cost £40 but I felt like $1million dollars for 3 days = worth every penny. I'll definately be doing this again! And as for the underwear and dresses in stock, I can't wait to invest in these pieces.   Prior to this experience, I attended Miss Dixiebells Christmas party (also as a birthday present to my sister) which demonstrated how to create vintage glamour with hair, make-up and dress advice. This was supplmented with interesting facts of the 40's and 50's fashion era and accompanied by cake, punch and a burlsque performance in the magnificent form of Miss Leyla Rose. On a whole, this made for a fabulously fun, sexy night and 'most memorable birthday', made even better with the discounts available on the night.  Special thanks to Kay for knowing how to get the best out of my hair and surpassing my expectations.  These girls really know their stuff, Miss Dixiebells rocks!
5 I don't think there is anything else I can say about Miss Dixiebelle that has not already been said...  Not only is the store full of fabulous clothing, the staff are incredibly friendly and the styling?  Amazing.  I've had my hair done here twice.  The first time I liked what was done but I wasn't wowed by it.  It looked amazing, but I wasn't sure it looked amazing on ME if that makes sense.  The second time I realised that I have a voice! So I spoke up, actually described what I wanted, made a few comments throughout and guess what?  It was perfect.  She did exactly what I wanted and almost more importantly, that baby had staying power.  My fabulous hair held through hours of drinking, dancing, clothing changes, drinking, and more drinking.    Definitely three cheers for Miss Dixiebelle and the team of hair and makeup stylists.
5 I shouldn't technically be reviewing this place as I have not yet been a customer...only a deeply admiring window shopper. Until my student budget ceases I think this will be the case but the day it does this shop will be my first port of call! They have some stunning items, beautifully made by the top vintage-inspired brands (hence the price tag). I have popped in a few times & the shop looks fantastic, much thought has gone into its styling It has a small but neat range of all sorts of clothing, corsets, playuits, trousers etc. The staff were super friendly, asking me about some items I was wearing too which was lovely. You get 5 stars for being such a beautiful little shop, I promise I will come in to buy & not just look when my purse strings allow it!
5 I'm a huge fan of this place, it stocks the best selection of vintage-inspired reproduction clothing and accessories in Edinburgh - including the fabulous steel-boned corsets! I have two already from here and let me tell you, the compliments you get whilst wearing one are certainly worth the price tag ;)  What I love most though is that they have a vintage hair and makeup salon too! Amazing.  I've had my hair done a few times, both in the salon and at one of the many 'pop-up parlours' they do at events, fairs etc.  It's always incredible, my favourite being the 1940s Dita Von Teese-inspired look I had for a friend's wedding.  I've seen other salons try and do vintage hair, but why get it done badly when you can get it done somewhere that specialises in it? It's only £40 which isn't bad, considering what other salons charge.  Apparently, it's the only dedicated vintage hair and beauty salon in Scotland so you can't go wrong, really.  I've had my hair done vintage style by a couple of similar places in London and Miss Dixiebelle is every bit as good (if not better!)  The staff are really friendly, and know their stuff! The price range is on the more expensive side (£90-120 for dresses typically) but they're great quality and so unusual it's totally worth it.  They also have lots of smaller, cheaper items - hair accessories, jewellery, hats, makeup if your budget doesn't quite stretch!
5 I adore this place!  The shop itself is in a very cool area of the city which I'd like to explore more. The merchandise is really well-chosen and top quality, nothing cheap or unflattering here!  My first visit was for a hairdo for a party, and I could not have been more thrilled. I left with a very flattering up-do inspired by the '30's, which took mere minutes to do. I am not fond of being trapped in a salon for hours, I much prefer to have the work done quickly and competently, and this is certainly what I got here.   A couple of days later I returned for a hair cut, which was really superbly done.  I look forward to a return visit.
5 Wow wow wow! I LOVED my 50s style hair! :)   I've been wanting to get my hair done by Miss Dixiebelle's for so long now, and I finally had an excuse going to the Yelp 50s spring dance. The staff were sooo nice and friendly and I felt so comfortable there. I wasn't sure exactly what I wanted when I went in but they gave me books to look at and further suggestions while my hair was being styled.  I felt so glam going to the dance that night, and I couldn't help smiling to myself as I was just so chuffed to have my hair done so beautifully. When I got home my flatmates were very impressed and then I had to skype my sister to show her. My dad came onto skype to see the hair as well. He suggested I do that all the time...I wish! I really didn't want to take the hair down this morning but I decided for work I would. Now that I'm back to boring normal hair I wish I hadn't..though it might look a bit odd at running club later. I'll be looking for another suitable occasion soon to try out another hairstyle.
