5 Although when you first walk in the front of the shop looks like it needs a little facelift, Those Guys Motorcycle Repair is a great place to take your bike. They charge way less than a dealer (and probably than any other shop in the area) and are real and upfront with you. The owner is a long time rider and you can tell he does this because he loves it, same goes for the other guys at the shop. They really care about you and your safety. They repair both sports bikes and cruisers, and there is a specialist for each. They are professional and know what they are doing, and at the same time casual and friendly and will work with your unique situation. I completely trust them with my bike. I had a 15k service done on my sport touring bike and now it runs perfectly! Highly recommended!
1 Pleases stay away from this place if you have a sports bike.  My headlights went out and I took it there for repairs.  A few day later I show up to get it after a call that it has been repaired.  They charged me 277.00 to sauter some wires and when I arrived the headlights still did not work.  His explanation was that there was a ghost in the machine.  Please go to a more reputable place.  I ended up taking it to ride now and they I need a new switch from the jump.
5 CASH ONLY! There's an ATM at the Circle K that it sits behind if you forget the cash.  My chain loosened in an accident somewhere in Utah and I limped my bike all the way to Vegas where I brought it to Those Guys.  Doc took care of me and gave me an awesome deal.   Take your motorcycle here and you will not be disappointed.
5 Good guys here. Quoted me a reasonable price, ended up costing them more in the long run but they stuck to their quote. Mike's a man of his word. I'll be taking my bike back to them for some clutch work soon and I'll follow up with a second review.
5 I suppose I'm turning into some what of a motorcycle shop reviewer here on yelp, which is not necessarily a great thing, but when you ride an old scooter it often comes with the territory.  This time my center stand brackets had warped because some fat guy plopped down on the back of the bike and warped the brackets. So I took it to Vegas PowerSports.  U wasn't too impressed with them (see review) so after they sent me on my way I started looking for a shop that was open late on a Saturday afternoon. This is how I found Those Guys.   The place was super hard for me to find since its off the street and I have a terrible sense of directions. Once I found it they seemed pretty cool. I hung out while they looked at my scooter. The more I hung out the more convinced I became that this shop and the people that worked there would make for successful reality TV.  They're a bunch of characters for sure. I like that.   My stand was fixed in about 40 mins and we sat and yakked for about 20 more. The price was right for the work they did. Michael gave me the impression he knows quite a bit about old motorcycles. My breaks just started acting funny so Ill be back there this week!
5 Mike and his guys will bend over backwards for you. Down to earth and honest. I can't understand anyone giving this place a bad review.  There has to be more to the story than what they wrote........meaning a side to the story we're not getting. This is the only place I'll go.
