1 THEY JUST LOST 6 PATIENTS BECAUSE OF THEIR STAFF. I'm giving them 1 star because there is no zero (0) which is what they deserve,.disgusting front desk help, uneducated office manager, no manners, so sense of business, doesn't care , period.   do yourself a favor, find another doctor, do not go to this company, their customer service is horrible, they promised 3 times to call back 3 different times with a refill from the doctor, not even a single call back and they lie over and over.   I have 6 people in my family; they just lost 6 patients, and anyone else who will listen to the truth.   I asked to talk to the owner, and she said "if you are going to make treats we'll call the police". for asking to speak with the owner?   I have 17 people working for me and if anyone would speak to my customer that way I would fire that person on the spot.  -Arrogant  -bad customer service  -disgusting office manager  -lying assistants  -lack of manners   They forget they work for us, we are the customer...
2 I was happy with My Dr Now my first 3 visits because of how fast I got an appointment.  Sadly, this last visit was a disappointment and I don't plan on returning.    Went in for moderate to severe asthma and allergies.  Was told during my exam that I needed a stronger allergy medication (Dr. mentioned Singulair).  Went to pick up my asthma prescriptions and she never called in an allergy med.    I called My Dr Now immediately and explained my situation and they said they would message the dr and get back to me . . . . . 3 days and 4 phone calls later I finally get a response and they tell me I need to return in a week for a follow up to see if I can get the allergy medication!  I said that I was confused because the Dr told me during my exam that I needed a stronger allergy medication than something sold over the counter, then she never prescribed it or told me I needed to return in a week.  They said"oh you didn't get a discharge paper?" and I said "no" because I didn't.  I now see why this place has such terrible ratings.
1 SHOULD BE "MY DOCTOR NEVER"!!! Do not waste your time here. I am new in town and needed a refill on my meds. Was told I had to come in for appointment first, which was fair. Not only did I wait 45 minutes before this idiot doctor came into my room, he had been sitting outside my room DOING NOTHING the whole time. Then he tells me im taking the wrong dosage and only gives me half the meds..when I call in a refill, they ignore the pharmacys requests for three days. I call the clinic and am told the only way to get a refill is to make an appointment or go online for the doctors approval, which im then told there in no guarantee of approval. Cannot believe they would not respond to the clinic or at least give me the courtesy of a phone call. Yelp really needs to add a zero star option because if this place.
1 We love the doctor there, but the staff at the front desk are rude, obnoxious, and appear uncaring. Expediting paperwork has been a nightmare and often done erroneously. I always hold my breath when we have to visit. BTW, they are also a walk-in clinic...and if Attila the Hun at the front desk deems someone else a more "pressing" case, those with appointments will be bumped back. Oh, and do not complain about it...you will be told to "reschedule". If it weren't for the doctor himself, we would have dropped them after the first visit.
