3 I spent an inordinate amount of time two nights ago researching this place online after happening onto the name and seeing it was close to where I am staying, only to run into one dead end after another.  No one, not one website, including a couple of Holiday Inn websites themselves seemed to have any concrete info on the place, just address and phone number.  No reviews, no on-line menus, nada. All I could ascertain was that this was the restaurant affiliated with the Holiday Inn of Mesa.  So I hope youze guize appreciate the info I collected by stopping in late last night to check them out and get the scoop.  They weren't real friendly and had no take out menus to peruse at home but I was able to get ahold of a dinner menu and a breakfast menu to photo so you can get an idea of what they serve.  There was a plate of basically eaten food, bones really, lying on the table where the host operated from and if the food tastes as good as the dirty dishes smelled I'd say it might be a winner.  Since I'd already eaten, I didn't partake of any food on my visit.  Check out the photos for info on hours and the dishes on the menus so at least you have a starting point if you decide to dine here.  I'll try to come back again some  evening when I haven't already eaten and provide an update.
1 Never ever heard this in a restaurant before.   I'm sorry, but were out of mashed potatoes.  Had the French onion soup starter. It was Campbell's soup with a slice of American cheese on it.   Hey wait... Potatoes showed up. Undercooked....
1 I was stuck here for an event the lobby was very nice, bar looked good so we ordered drinks and asked about appetizer menu -downhill from here.  We had to take our drinks & cross an imaginary line into the restaurant.  Had to request menus, finally got to order over 20minute wait for chips, dip & onion rings. The chips were stale & the onion strings meant for dipping were crumbs.  Later our friends joined us 35 minute wait for sandwich & fish & chips, when we complained nothing! This place is horrible don't waste your money poor service, lousy food & management doesn't care.  My advice stop at the bar but don't cross the line!
