5 If it's cheap, but still good cards you are after then ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, I give you Paperbox.  From here you can get 4 cards for a £1, I mean you rarely see cards this cheap anywhere - I certainly haven't.  Not only that, but these are really nice cards with some fabulous illustrations on the front - I have honestly never seen such a good offer on cards.  The only problem for the 4 for £1 deal is there aren't an awful lot of cards that can be bought under this deal making it difficult to find 4 to buy.  However, throughout the shop you'll find cards for less than a pound and although the fact that you can get 4 for a £1 at the front of the shop diminishes this as an offer, this is still great value for money.  There simply isn't a better card shop for value for money, quality or range and being in such a good location it makes this a winner all round.
4 Paperbox is basically Clinton Cards but good. There is a huge selection of cards for, as clichéd as it is, all the family. You've got the ones with big badges on for kids, ones which are car and alcohol related  (not in the same card, that is a bad marketing idea) for those turning 18. The old retro pictures with sexual innuendo quotes for those a little older and the inevitable incontinence jokes for Granny and Grandpa. Also there are a few musical cards for whoever in God's name likes them. As well as all of these there are some cards that do have genuinely nice designs, ones that would not seem out of place in a cool little bohemian artisan store.   The best thing about Paperbox though is the price, as Robert mentioned. The 4 for £1 deal is good but really most of the cards that fall under this are pretty rubbish. On the other hadn you can get some really good ones for anywhere between £1 and max about £2.50, a hell of a lot cheaper than anywhere else around.
4 It's hard to get too excited about a card shop. Especially one in the world's ugliest shopping centre. But the refreshing thing about Paperbox is that, unlike a lot of its rivals, it only sells cards and doesn't try to flog you loads of tacky fridge magnets, good luck charms or cards telling you what your name means. Ahem, Clintons.  The other great thing about it is it's really cheap. Don't get me wrong, I like spoiling my loved ones on their birthday or at christmas, but spending lots of money on a present they'll use and on a card that they'll read once and then throw away a week later along with all the others are two very different things. Which is why this place ticks all the boxe: you can get a card that's jut as funny or soppy or childishly rude as you'd find anywhere else, except that here you'll rarely pay more than £2.
4 The Cameron Toll Shopping Centre can be criticised for a lot of things, but when it comes to birthday cards, it actually has two of the best shops that I have seen. The Card Factory, actually gives better deals than you can get in here, but the quality of cards here are better. As I have expressed in the review of The Card Factory, I actually hate birthday cards and just don't know why we can't simply wish someone a happy birthday through phone and why we insist on buying a card, that will undoubtedly be thrown out the next day. Shops like Paperbox and The Card Factory however, certainly do make it a lot cheaper when it does come to conforming to this custom.  This shop is in a different league to Clinton's and Birthday's, it sells cards at the prices they should be, after all they are just made out of card with a few bits of ink on it here and there.
