5 There are not many places in Kitchener-Waterloo that serve crepes.   Even were there many, I would still go back to the Village Creperie.   When we walked in the door we were delighted to see art on the walls, nice tablecloths and place settings at every table, even a little plant beside each salt and pepper shaker.    The crepes were wonderful.  They were also square.   I had never seen a square crepe before, but the flavour was unaffected by its shape.  I ordered one with smoked salmon, egg, cheese and hollandaise sauce, and it was exquisite.    Everything on our plates was organic.  On their menu it says "we only use organic flours, fish, meats, vegetables, fruits & dairy".  I suspect that the waitress and chef were also organic, I did not see any cyborg parts on them.
4 Good place. I loved la suzette. Great bread. Small portions
5 Best in town.   Go here.  Daily specials are awesome from Brandon an up and coming chef from Stratford and worked w lynn crawford @ Ruby Watcho in Toronto.  I just registered to do their Sunday night prix fixe dinner in the Ruby Watcho style. Can't wait.  btw, wifi pass : creperie
4 Village Creperie is a super charming little restaurant in Kitchener where you can find a taste of Brittany. This place specializes in galettes, which is a type of French savoury buckwheat flour pancakes. Everything here is made with fresh and organic ingredients, and you really can taste the difference.  Of course, we ordered galettes (buckwheat crêpes) for lunch. My friend opted for poulet chimichurri: garlic balsamic roasted organic chicken breast, with aged white cheddar, mozzarella, red onion, lettuce , chimichurri dressing and topped with house-made chili sauce. I had a couple of bites and the flavours were very Mexican to me. The galette was huge and she struggled to finish it.   For myself, I chose saumon avec le dressage de pomme, de Dijon et de citron: wild pacific salmon filet in a crêpe topped with an apple, grainy Dijon and citrus dressing. Strangely enough, I couldn't detect any hint of apple in the galette, not in its actual form nor in the sauce. Nevertheless, I loved the grainy Dijon sauce and the buckwheat crêpe was really tasty. However, the salmon was slightly overcooked for me, and the side salad was also under dressed.   All in all, a very filling and delicious lunch. Everything tasted healthy and wholesome, and we were pleased with the food.
5 Had the 'sunday night' dinner from chef Brandon this past sunday.  What a talented guy - i'll let the pics speak for themselves.   This was launch with a bang with 4 serious courses.  The subtlety of the flavours were very impressive with the swoosh of curry for the perfectly done pork belly, to the wasabi mayo on the also perfectly roasted and rare striploin and potato pave, and the starter was delicate arugula, thinly sliced cantaloupe, prociutto and other goodies that was so well balanced and refreshing.  Looking forward to the next one, heard it was going to be more asian influenced and smaller courses - can't wait.  Get in in advance the places was fully booked even at the bar.  During the week the specials are usually Brandon's and still, the crepes are great healthy and tasty treats for lunch or for dessert.  Theres a lot of gluten free options as well which I'm starting to eat because its healthier and still delish.
