3 Pound shops are really a British institution.  This one is located on Edinburgh's Dalry Road  promises much, marketing it as a grocers as well as a bargain shop.  Inside, the shelves are well stocked with all items being around £1 - there were many that I saw for £1.29 for example.  It's the sort of things that I'd expect to see in a pound shop, together with a reasonable range of toiletries and household cleaning items.  This is not the limit of this shop though.  There is a whole part of the shop dedicated to Polish goods; something that will be valued by Edinburgh's large Polish population.  Places selling Polish goods are scattered across the city, and leads to me to wonder about experimenting with some Polish cuisine some time.  All told, this is a great bargain shop.  It's always worth checking out their stock, as they sometimes can be cheaper than the supermarkets for some items.
4 When categorising this shop you should consider it to be a fusion of a pound shop and a pound stretcher with characteristics of both yet also and rather unexpectedly offering a range of Polish goods as well.    You do get a decent amount of good deals from here especially on regular household items that you use on a regular basis making it ideal for those who are attempting to bring down the cost of their weekly shop without sacrificing anything from that shop.  The shop itself is well stocked though offer little beyond items that are regularly bought, but as far as I'm concerned this goes in its favour rather than against it as it does enable it to be able to focus more on that one area helping it be able to offer great value in that area.  All round a very good shop and it is worth considering as a place to pick up some of your weekly shopping.
3 Pound Plus has hundreds of items priced at £1 and some that are even less. The stock is a bit of a bizarre mix and includes home necessities such as air fresheners, kitchen cleaners, sponges, soaps, deodorants, a selection of toys, pet food and an aisle dedicated to Polish foods. Behind the counter they have a selection of alcohol including various different varieties of vodka.  This is a great stop off if you're looking for some cheap kitchen items or toilet rolls and it was really warm when I popped in the other day and I left with an ice-cold bottle of Fanta from the juice fridge.  I can't imagine it's a shop that's a must stop on a shopping trip but worth a look if you're looking for cheap household items.
