4 This is an amazing place to have on your doorstep - rather than the usual corner shop or chain-store off-license, you actually have somehwere decent to go for your booze run.  The best thing about this place is that they somehow manage to cater for all tastes and budgets, regardless of the size of the shop (or lack thereof). For example, when I went in on my friend's birthday knowing that I needed a bottle of pink bubbles around the £25-£35 mark, they had 8 or 9 nice ones to suit my budget. Equally when I went up with my flatmate on our way to a house party once, they had 6 different types of whites and reds on their '3 for £10' offer.  The staff mght not be as knowledgeable as in some other specialist wine stores dotted around the city (hence only 4 stars and not 5), it's still worth a visit.   Even if you're not a big wine buff, you should check out their café on Rose Street, where you can buy all their most popular wines by the glass or by the bottle.
4 One of the few off licences in Edinburgh to survive the Credit Crunch purge last year it's not hard to see why. They have a wide choice of wines, beers, ales and spirits and unlike Oddbins or Thresher's they have a more unusual selection. Not a huge wine drinker myself, I have seen that they have plenty of green bottles and dark bottles, which I have been reliably informed corresponds to white and red wine, but I prefer the colourful bottles to be honest.   On to the beers though and that's a subject where my knowledge is extensive, hinted at by my slowly increasing midriff. They have all the good ales you would expect, like Lancashire Bomber and Waggle Dance honey beer as well as more specific beers. Sometimes the staff can look a bit perplexed but they generally have an idea of what they're talking about, and to be honest, whichever beer or wine you buy, it all ends up in the same place anyway.  They have a wine bar on Rose Street as well if you want to try a glass or two to get an idea of which wine to invest in
5 It's a small neighbourhood winery, as opposed to an actual off-license. You really wouldn't expect it to be where it is, because it's opposite Home Base, on a busy road, kind of out of the way of the center of town. But the selection of wines, from all around the world, is great for how tiny it is and makes it worth the extra trek to get there. The staff are really friendly and know their stuff. It's and award-winning establishment, though I can't really remember exactly what award its been given. But, as far as I'm concerned, it definitely deserves its award. As of yet, I have not once been disappointed, and the staff have given me some really ace tips.
4 Love this wine shop. Got wines that you can't find elsewhere
4 I love the smaller businesses as I find that you get better service. I love the range of wine and beer that this wee shop stocks. It's in a good location for me but I guess it might be a bit out of the way for other people.  They stock a great range of Scottish beer and american import. The wine comes in both red and white and from all over the world!  Sometimes they have amazing deals on wine they've got for a good rate and they pass that saving straight to the customer. I paid £12 for  3 bottles of wine that I had had in a restaurant for £12 a bottle previously   The staff are also really great. Extremely helpful.   Good snacks and a fridge for cold tinnies as well. What more could you want.
5 I went here looking for a selection of Scottish Ales to try out, and was not disappointed. Their prices were excellent (although all ale is more costly that I would like), and the employee was super helpful in recommending beers for me. He even went into the back room to cary out a huge crate just to grab one from it for me. I'd be suspicious of this if the special bottle had been expensive, but it was only £2!   A great shop, and I will be sure to return.
4 Tucked away in Newington, Great Grog is a great wine and beer shop.  They have a fabulous selection of beers from all over the world as well as a wide selection of wines.  The staff are friendly and they do a small student discount.   Great local business!
4 Good wee off license... Amazing beer selection... Is well worth the walk!
