5 Oh my, I spent a real long time ogling this place before I dared to go in. The display in the front window has the most minimalist display of pastries I've ever seen. But the pastries looked so good. And not only did they look good, they were also delicious.   The chef, who is French, and his wife, who works at the cafe, opened this patisserie and espresso bar only a few months ago (3, I think) against all odds, during the recession. The woman claimed that during the recession she figured people would still want good quality food. And they provide. They even have regulars now. The chef learned how to make pastries and macaroons from a Pierre Herme course in Paris (I'm told Pierre Herme is a master macaroon maker).   I tried two things when I went there: a vanilla macaroon at the woman's recommendation, and a raspberry and vanilla tart. They were both delicious. When the woman was recommending the vanilla macaroon, she said she'd never really been all that enthusiastic about vanilla (and neither have I), but that the vanilla macaroons were surprisingly amazing. And they were.   If you're in the area and want to taste some pricey, yet delicious, tarts and macaroons, this is the only place to go.
5 Macaroons calling to me from the front window display in an array of colors looking so beautiful it was actually art!  Madeleine's is absolutely amazing!  A French patisserie that takes chic to a complete other level... Situated in Stockbridge (naturally) it is quite an unassuming little cafe upon first glance but stepping inside with its pale grey walls and glass counter boasting the most beautiful cakes I have ever seen you know instantly, this is no bakery.  Macaroons of every color and texture, creme brulee type mousse with the most delicate composition and surprisingly - mango inside!  Dainty little chocolate and strawberry concoctions that make you weep they are so delectable and quite simply the best mocha I have ever tasted (and Ive tasted a lot!)  Stop reading this now and just go!!
5 I absolutely adore this place, so please do not expect much criticism in this review. I go here almost every sunday and promise myself to try something new, but keep going back for the same amandine and pistachio 'thing', not sure exactly what it is, a rectangular treat with an incredible taste and base, served on a little gold piece of card with a mini knife and fork. It is an absolutely delicious treat, melt in the mouth. Another thing I love here, the apple and salted caramel treats with an equally delicious base. I wish the chef lived in my neighbourhood! Or maybe I don't, or I would spend way too much money and constantly be on a sugar high. That said, the portions are small and so beautiful that I take my time with them, savour the deliciousness.   The tea menu here is also fantastic, and the leaf teas are served in pretty little oriental teapots. The café is pretty small, though there is a nice ambience, often French music is played and the staff are very nice.
5 Patisserie Madeleine is one of those wonderful little places that feels like your own personal secret.  Despite being, by far, Edinburgh's best cake shop it never seems busy and when I mention it to friends they have never heard of it.  It's sad because, sitting on Raeburn Place in Stockbridge, this is a place to die for.  Specialising in the freshly made, hand crafted cakes you see above for around £3, the shop/cafe is one for those of you with a sweet tooth, serving nothing savory at all.  The macaroons are also a house delicacy with over 10 flavours that change depending on season and availability of ingredients.  This sits alongside some of the best hot chocolate you will ever taste, teas from Edinburgh's specialist Eteaket and a terrific cup of coffee to make this a truly memorable establishment.  On my latest visit, with a heavy heart, I left the cake as I saw that there were at least 4 new macaroon flavours that remained untried.  At 90 pence each they are an absolute bargain and large enough that the three I decided upon were more than able to satisfy my mid-afternoon munchies.  First up I went for the salted caramel which was every bit as good as it sounds.  Crunchy, crumbly but with a smooth and stringy caramel centre I was in dolce nirvana.  When I asked the staff why I had not seen these before I was told that they are extremely difficult to create and the genius owner/chef Arnaud Djavanshir only gets time once a month. Mores the pity because these were multi-historic.  The rose macaroon was nearly as good.  Similar to a Turkish Delight in taste, the rose-water had been used in moderation and was a subtle and gentle flavour. Lovely.  The third macaroon was saffron and not to my taste.  Less sweet than the others, it tasted rather odd and was a rare misfire.  My friend, Mr Smith, opted for the apple crumble tart(pictured above right).  It's Madeleine's most popular cake and it's easy to see why.  Big chunks of juicy apple and lovely gooey caramel compliment the crunchy crumble clusters and malted biscuit base.  It is simply divine.  These cakes are easily comparable in taste and presentation with the desserts served in the Michelin starred restaurants dotted around town and are less than half the price.  Patisserie Madeleine is an amazing, unspoilt secret.  Go try it before everyone finds out!
5 Oh. My. Word. Amazing cakes. After uhm-ing & aw-ing over the choice, I finally settled for the white chocolate & raspberry eclair to have with a cheeky hot chocolate and it was deliciousness personified.  The raspberries tasted like they had just been picked that morning: juicy & sweet & full of flavour. The patisserie vanilla cream filling was light & not too sweet and there was lovely layer of raspberry confit which added flavour. The pastry was light and the white chocolate was delicately flavoured with vanilla. Portion wise - it was the perfect portion. I could've eaten another one but maybe that's because I love cake and could eat it all day every day if I had a chance.  The hot chocolate was made with proper chocolate shavings and was a rich satisfying milk/dark blend. It wasn't sweet at all.   After a few disappointing trips to a rival patisserie, this is a firm favourite and well worth the trip down to Stockbridge. What's more it must be some sort of well kept secret because, despite the time of day/week (1.30 on a Saturday afternoon), it wasn't even half full!! I'm sure with word of mouth that will change but I enjoyed the fact the staff had time to chat & I could sit and watch the world go by without feeling I had to give up my table.
5 This petite café is like the holy grail for cake-lovers, and particularly gluten-free cake-lovers; tucked away around what feels like the final bend at this end of Edinburgh, with a modest exterior (and a simple interior). But when you approach the cake counter you see row upon row of beautiful macarons: the standard 'small' size of almost every flavour. But that's not all: larger macarons that are probably slightly larger than cupcakes, layered with raspberries, with praline cream, with all my cake-eating dreams.  Since going gluten free, I've gotten used to settling for the cake that is gluten free and enjoying it. It turns out that macarons are naturally gluten free, so I had my pick of 80% of the cake cabinet. So it was a day where I very much had my cake and ate it too.  I went for an earl grey tea accompanied by a choco and poire (pear), and chocolate and passionfruit, and a praline.   First off, the earl grey tea was delicious! I could really taste a delicate rose in there, and it had been brewed in the kitchen before being served, whilst being served in a pot with a lovely Chinese-style tea cup (no handle). Nothing delights me more than good tea, beautifully served. Perfectly brewed too, not too weak or too strong.  The macarons were...well, exquisite. Light, but richly flavoured. The chocolate and pear one had a small dot of pear in the middle. The passionfruit one balanced the chocolate and passionfruit flavours wonderfully. They went so well with the earl grey. I really couldn't fault them.  This wee café is the opposite end of town to me, but it is very much worth the one hour walk or bus journey. I can see it being one of my new favourite cake-stops, due to the sheer choice that I will have, and the really delicious cakes that I can eat here.  Patisserie Madeleine, je t'aime.
5 I like cake but I can bake cakes, cookies, muffins, cupcakes at home.  When I go out to a café I really want fine patisserie - delicate, flaky, creamy, ganache covered pastries that I could never be bothered to make for myself.  I also don't like to go to chain coffee shops so that didn't give me many options in Edinburgh - until I found Patisserie Madeleine.  Just looking in the small display case in the window I knew we were in for a treat!!  Jewel coloured macarons, glistening ganache all crying out to be eaten, slowly, delicately with a tiny fork off a tiny plate....  We do a lot of our other shopping in Stockbridge so we have a Patisserie Madeleine rule - if there is a free table (there are only about 6!!) then we are allowed to go in.  Sometimes it takes several passes past the window - an excuse that we need to stop elsewhere and then come back but eventually we usually do get a seat.  My husband likes the cappuccino and I love the peppermint tea.  When it comes to the pastries we are a bit naughty - we usually get a cake each AND 4 macarons to share.  I love anything chocolately and if this is combined with raspberry then woohoo!!  The tarte au citron is also amazing.  Very small, but the pastry is so buttery and crisp and cooked just to the point where the sugar carmelises and the filling is creamy and zesty.   Everything we've had has been wonderful but the Salted Caramel Macarons are out of this world!!!!!!  At easter I went in to get a dozen macarons to take to mother-in-law's.  I thought it best to get just a few flavors but 3 or 4 of each - so everyone could try each flavour.  To  my horror there was only one salted caramel macaron left!!  I had only one choice - to buy it and eat it myself so that there wouldn't be an all out brawl after dinner.  It was the only sensible thing to do.
