5 Ok, so for the most part of the almost 26 years I have lived here in Mesa I never knew there was a Mexican Restaurant at this location. Now I know this is a new owner as of this past January and was under a different name, but come on. I used to go to the Chinese Restaurant right off of Gilbert in the same shopping plaza, this place is kinda hidden, but wow I think you will all like this place.  Once you walk in, it is a bright and colorful decoration, bar to the left and main restaurant ahead and when it cools down a patio out to the right outside the restaurant. Very nicely decorated patio, I must say, I can't wait till it cools down.  On to the food.... I got the tacos and my girlfriend got the chimichanga and that came with fresh salad and fresh meat and vegetables in the chimi. The tacos were just as good. The manager of the place, Everett was probably one of the nicest guys, not fake either, which is a change for the restaurant industry. Cause you know how that goes, How is your meal, folks. Like you really give a crap, just shut up and let me eat in peace. This guy really cared and wanted to help grow this business. He also introduced us to the Michelada con Cervesa, A fancy way of saying adding your beer to Clamato Juice, lime juice, hot sauce, soy sauce and pepper and other seasonings, WHICH was awesome!!! Never would of tried it, Thanks Everett!!!  Good Luck with the place, We will definitely tell everyone we know and recommend this to all. Please drive pass Serrano's and Tia Rosa's and check this place out.  Great flavor, Fresh food and not watery and running all together on your plate, like the normal places.
5 Yes, this is as good as it gets. I take the family on Sundays after church and the food has always been outstanding.  We lapsed for awhile but revisited on 10/17/2010 to find new signage (and later we find new ownership).  But the new owners very very wisely kept the menu! The Toritos de Camaron are reason enough to go.  But everything else we've ever had is really really good too.  I go to Mazatlan 1-2 times a year and it's just like going back.   This is not chain-Mexican or Tex-Mex...it's the real thing.  Do yourself a favor and try it out!
5 Went here for a late lunch today. Ordered the guacamole that they make for you at your table and it was awesome!! My dds gobbled it all up, we might have to get 2 next time. I had the carne asade house special and it was one of the best carne asadas I've had. My dh loved the carne asada tacos and chicken enchilada. Really good mexican food! I'm out in Queen Creek so it's a little drive for us but we will definitely be back. And our waitress Lola was really great!! :)
5 This place is great! I can enthusiastically recommend everything we ordered: the table-side guacamole, the fish chimichanga, and the bacon-wrapped crab-stuffed shrimp. BACON-WRAPPED? CRAB-STUFFED? Yes. Seriously. Good quality seafood, flavorful and unique dishes, awesome service, nice clean atmosphere, aquatic murals. I'm glad we gave this place a try.
4 I bought a Groupon for Baja Joe's after checking out the great ratings on Yelp!  Easy to visit when I go to the East Valley to visit my hateful mother,  my partner and I visited on a Friday night. The place was happy, relaxed and busy.  The food was above average in every way. Great chips (really) and a salsa that had a little kick. Just a little. For an appetizer we ordered the Supreme Nacho and we were blown away. The chips were smothered in a cheese sauce that tasted more like a cheddar fondue. We totally scoffed down the tasty flavored shredded beef, beans, sour cream and guacamole. Best. Nachos. Ever.  My Stuffed shrimp w/crab and wrapped in bacon, was good but  a little dry. The sides of were wonderful rice and potatoes reminded me of spanish restaurants in New Jersey where I am from. Next time I will try their traditional food like shredded beef enchiladas . My partner ordered three tacos- on fish and two carne asada and he was very happy except no baja sauce for his fish taco. His refried beans were creamy and delicious with the mexican rice.  Baja Joe's is a great value and it really is a nice atmosphere like a neighborhood hangout.   Still dreaming of those nachos, and will bring my hateful mother there for her birthday next month.
4 I had a Groupon for Baja Joes so four of us went for dinner during our Girls Weekend.  The others are right - this place is a little difficult to find - but well worth it.  A small place with bright ocean murals on the wall and an extensive menu of traditional mexican dishes and many seafood dishes.   I had the shrimp veracruz which comes with a mild red sauce.  The shrimp were some of the best I've ever eaten.  The tableside guacamole was also very good but a little expensive at $8.00.  The others raved about their chicken and shrimp fajitas also.  Other than the guacamole, the prices were very reasonable.  I will definitely go back.
2 Had the ceviche tostada, mister had the carne asada tacos. Both were ok. Queso fundio for an app. not good. Service was slow and I probably wouldn't go back.
4 Bacon wrapped crab stuffed shrimp, spicy cerviche (sp?), delish Mexican beer served with salt and lime, casual experience with a nice patio.  When I am looking for a little seafood and some day drinking this is the place for me.  It is pretty bare bones, but it is clean and well run, my service has always been great, but I usually sit at the bar.  Try this little place out, you will be very happy you did.
3 Sean the owner is absolutely awesome. Come try this place out. Give him your honest feed back (good or bad) and he takes it to heart. I love the carne asada! The guacamole they make at your table is also very good! We went last night on a very busy night (mother's day in Mexico, which we didn't know) but for how busy it was we got served pretty quickly. Our waitress was super sweet even with all the chaos of the crowd. Thanks Sean for caring about your customers!! :O)
4 Not fancy at all but the food is simple and fresh!! No room for improvement on the food. Service was so so but friendly. Portions are large (we were starved & couldnt finish 2 appys and 1 main for lunch) so don't go to crazy on your order which is hard cuz if u luv seafood u will luv baja joes!
4 I used to have to drive down to Guadalupe (the city not the street... well, actually, in Guadalupe, on Guadalupe, actually) for Mariscos like this, now I drive a mile or two down the street. Awesome! The wait staff is great... friendly, prompt, accommodating. I really enjoy their food and have had 3 different shrimp dishes and sampled 3 or more of the fish dishes. They are all delicious and the rice and potatoes they serve with the meals is a real treat also.   I especially like the fact that they are knowledgeable about their ingredients and can tweak a lot of the recipes to make their dairy-free. They will use oil instead of butter on request making this an easy spot for people who don't eat dairy.
5 I like this restaurant. For one thing, I see a lot of Hispanic folks eating there. The wait staff is friendly and helpful to a degree you don't often luck into. The michelada (it's a mexican tomato beer) is a wonderful way to take beer. We've done four or five trips to this restaurant and both my wife and I have found the food to be excellent every time. They specialize in some sea food dishes if you like Mexican sea food. You get the feeling of dining in Mexico here. Good people, good food, good ambiance. We intend to do our part to keep this place going. It is kind of hidden in the little plaza at the corner of McKellips and Gilbert.
4 Really good burritos, and they're huge.  The red chili burrito was meaty, juice, had a great flavor.  I looked around and saw people eating some wonderful looking seafood.  I will try that when I go back again.
5 AMAZING! Authentic mexican food and decent prices. It's a match made in heaven. It's so authentic that there are murals on the walls.   My 2-year old had the chicken nuggets with beans. She ate most of it, which is rare for a 2-yr old. My hubby and I split the nachos and each had a carnitas plate. The nachos had tender carne asada, guacamole, sour cream, and a good amount of white nacho cheese. Delicious! Then the carnitas plate came with unlimited homemade, yes homemade, flour tortillas. The meat was in big chunks which is preferred over the pre-shredded version we usually get from other places. On the side, was a little salad, rice, and beans. All of it tasted like something I would get from those great dives in LA.   Can't wait to go back!
1 I'm actually jealous everyone else had such a good experience!  My experience...not so good.  My brother recommend this place and has been sent a nasty text message.   We arrived for the game (I know, I don't know why I watch the Cards either) and had been told during the game, it was 1/2 off appetizers.  So, I got the Original Large Ceviche but it arrived 30 minutes after our arrival, and while we were sitting there steaming from not having received our meal.  Two other tables, one that arrived about 15 minutes after us, got their meals before us (even the ceviche they ordered and again, before we got ours).  So, we chilled a bit and took some bites of the ceviche...well...UGH...no deveining.  Most people would not notice because they cut the shrimp into small bites, but I always look for it.  Ewwww!  No reason not to devein, they charge enough for the item ($12.99), they should make it right!  Well, since our order never came, it was almost 40 minutes after we had ordered, we had 3 bowls of chips and salsa, watching a game I didn't enjoy nor understand (I don't speak Spanish) and we had to sit there and watch Soccer on (I think) Univision, (which I didn't understand since 1/2 price appetizers where for the Cards game), the little girl at the table next to me had let out her 8th high-pitched wail, we were done and left.   I left a tip for the water, chips and salsa, but I was NOT going to pay for yucky ceviche.    It's not a place I would ever even give another chance too.  The food being brought to other tables didn't even look good, not impressed.  Go at your own risk, don't expect too much though.    Again, this was my experience and it may or may not have been unique.  I would not go here again, and my brother owes me some gas money with a sprinkle for chips and salsa!
4 This place is a really deelish! Fresh ceviche and their queso dip was really good. The only negatives were the servers did not seem to understand English very well so that made it difficult to make sure we were on the same page and when you first walk in you  are hit by a wall of fish smell. The owner was very nice and the food was fresh. Give it a try.
5 I really love this place - the decor is fun, and the staff is always super friendly. I laughed when a read a review complaining that the staff doesn't speak English perfectly, I think the reviewer should stick to Applebees :)  I love the ceviche, and only once out of many visits have I thought it was a little under-seasoned. Usually it's great! I also like the way the dishes are plated - someone takes time to make each dish attractive.   The chips and salsa are my favorite in the area, but I have one warning for this place: a couple of times, my husband and I have had lunch here on a Saturday and found ourselves still munching chips and drinking beer on the patio as dinner time rolls around :) so be careful, this place might be a little too comfortable!  This place is definitely worth a try, and it's family owned, which to me is a huge bonus!
3 Last night was our second time eating at Baja Joe's in the last 3 months.  We bought a couple of AmazonLocal deals back in Nov/Dec.  Both times were nice experiences but only one item may bring us back in the future (the guac).  It wasn't crowded last night or the Saturday night we went to back in January.  However, there was a steady flow of people.  We ate in the restaurant portion both times, but the Catina had happy hour last night, which had a good number of people but still room for more.  Our family favorite item was the table-side guacamole.  In our opinion, Baja Joe's beats every other Mexican food place we have been to in the east valley.  The price is good too for the size...definitely a 2 person or more size.  Margarita's were good, but a lot of ice (even in the pitcher version we ordered last night).    The cheese on the deluxe nachos as very mild and turned the dish into soup.  We had the nachos with shredded beef, which was very sparse.  I hate sour cream, and asked if it came with sour cream on it (the menu was silent on it), and the waitress said it didn't have SC.  I asked her to be sure, and to even make a note to put it on the side if it did......sure enough, it came to the table (delivered by a runner and not our waitress) with a blob of sour cream on top....    On our previous visit, my wife and daughter had some of their shrimp cocktails and some other shrimp dishes. They both thought they were good, but last night no one opted for any seafood.  Their regular salsa tasted very good and fresh both times.  I asked for a hotter salsa, and they brought a condiment bottle of homemade salsa that was supposed to be hotter...to me, it just tasted saltier so I stayed with the regular salsa, which was quite good.  Portion sizes of the food were a good size and I we were all still full the next morning...  Our wait staff were good both times and were great about offering suggestions about their favorite items or recommended items on the menu.
5 This white girl is in LOVE!! My mother lives about a mile away from Baja Joe's. We have never stopped to eat there in all the 18 years she has lived in the neighborhood. Last year I snagged a Groupon and took 2 coworkers there for lunch. It was....okay. I think the enjoyment lessened because of the unattentive waitress. The best expereince was the shrimp stuffed peppers wrapped in bacon. About 3 months ago I went again. This time I was just blown out of the water. The queso dip was yummy. The salsa tasted VERY FRESH. The carne asada quesadilla was meaty & cheesy. About 2 months ago I took my mother there. It was her first time. She fell in love too. She thought the seafood was delish. Well folks, I think she is addicted. She has been there 6 more times in the last 7 weeks. She has taken friends and family there to introduce them to Baja Joe's (making reservations each time to make sure there is seating). When you see Mexicans walk in, eat & have fun, you know you're at the right place! (You never see a Mexican eating at Taco Bell.) This place serves authentic homemade Mexican food and beats the chain-style restraunts HANDS DOWN!! Servers are pleasant and informative about the menu choices. Love me some Toritos De Camaron!!!
4 Definitely not the little hole in the wall restaurant it appears to be ! Absolutely delicious ! My sister was taken on a date there and then RAVED about how good there fish tacos were so my husband and I decided to check it out . Believe me , we were glad we did ! Great customer service and worth the struggle of trying to read the menu in Spanish(:  Check it out and enjoy their yummy chips and salsa !
4 I am so glad we decided to try Baja Joe's. The food was very good, our waitress was super nice and attentive, and the prices were pretty good. Try it, you will be glad you did!
4 I have driven by this restaurant everyday for the past several years and never given it a thought.  Last night I tried it and all I can say is wow.  Started off with a Patron margarita, which was very well made.  I had a fish and shrimp taco.  Both tasted extremely fresh.  My wife had the fish diablo, and it was the highlight of the table.  The diablo sauce is fantastic.  Give this restaurant a chance, you will not be disappointed.
4 Really good place, I made the mistake of avoiding this restaurant because the previous restaurant in the same location sucked.  My wife and go there 2-3 times a week, if you want Mexican seafood, this is so far the best I have found.  Definitely worth checking out
5 Baja Joe's is definitely a MUST try before you die! Not only is the service impeccable, the food is extremely delicious! First we started with some chips, salsa and guacamole (which they made fresh at the table). The chips were warm and crispy and the salsa was top notch. My bf got the combo platter choosing the shrimp taco and carne asade enchilada as his two items. The shrimp was cooked to perfection and the beans and rice that came with it were awesome too! But lets get down to the important matter, what I got. A friend had recommended the whole fish so I ordered the whole garlic red snapper. I was more than impressed! It was crispy and extremely flavorful, could have probably fed 2-3 people so I had a lot for leftovers. The meat of the fish tasted really fresh, came right off and I didn't get any bones. They provided tortillas and I was able to make a super delicious fish taco that included the crispy garlic fish, rice (that came with the fish) and their special chipotle sauce and spicy salsa ( provided on the table). Baja Joe's is my favorite Mexican Cantina by far, and that is counting all the ones have been too (even in California). My friend got the crazy seafood platter that had everything on a boat with a flame underneath and he enjoyed it very much. They also have margaritas served by the pitcher for $19 and it was worth it. I STRONGLY recommend giving this hidden gem a try!! Scouts honor this place is AWESOME!
3 A coworker and I came for a bite to eat during lunch on a weekday, and we weren't let down. Lola, our waitress, was awesome and on top of things. The salsa was tasty (a tad watery), and the chips were warm. The ceviche was a bit rubbery (mostly shrimp), but I still ate it. My fish tacos (fried, even though I asked for grilled) were okay, but you need to try their hot sauce and chipotle sauce in the squeeze bottles. They were so good! I would kill for the recipes. They definitely saved the tacos.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it was definitely a solid choice for lunch. PS, there's $1 off if you check in on yelp :)
5 We've been here for lunch three times now and have NEVER been disappointed.  To start, the decor is super.  It makes you feel like you are in a little cantina along the Mexican coast.  The menu is extensive with a wide variety of choices and very good prices.  The wait staff is great and very attentive.  The food is so amazing.   We've gone to a  lot of different Mexican restaurants and this is probably the best and most authentic.  You will not be disappointed with anything you order.  The combo plates are super deals and come with whatever you choose (taco, enchilada, etc.), beans, rice, salad and a really refreshing orange slice.  We absolutely LOVE this place and will come back often.
5 This is my favorite spot when I'm in mesa, I always hit it, love the food and the staff, always going above my expectations!!!! Love it.
4 Best Mexican we've had in this area, by far! The shrimp were fantastic.  The salsa and hot chips great. The service was terrific and the patio is very nice!
4 I was a bit skeptical at first for trying this place because I haven't seen it advertised much (which doesn't necessarily mean it's good but...). We walked in and the atmosphere is fun as there are sea murals painted on all the walls and overall it's very clean. They played top 40-type music as well which added to the atmosphere. There is an adjoining bar, along with an outdoor patio.  The food was great too. The salsa was very good, which is how I usually judge a Mexican food restaurant. The food was delicious and presented very well. It wasn't just slapped on the plate and you can tell there is some care to it. I ordered a chicken tostada plate and it was very flavorful. The chicken is marinated and was awesome. The plate comes with salad as well, in addition to the normal rice and beans. My son ordered a chicken quesadilla and it was great. It had a ton of meat. My husband ordered the enchilada plate and it was tasty.  The pricing is VERY reasonable.   The service is awesome too! Our waitress stopped by our table at least 4 times during the course of our meal. Our food arrived quickly and we never lacked drinks. You can tell they really care about service.  We will be back! Glad I tried this place.
3 Food was great but the service was incredibly slow.
4 Really good authentic style Mexican food.  Great hole in the wall type of place.  Traditional type of atmosphere.  Staff is friendly and somewhat informal.
5 The pork dishes are like sex on a plate! So happy we found this place!
4 We go here quite often - love the tacos.  The service has been a little off a few times, but they try.  It's a lively place with a good happy hour crowd - can get real busy and pretty noisy.  A cold Pacifico in an iced mug with salted rim and 2 shrimp tacos -heaven!!
4 Very authentic Mexican. If you were blindfolded being driven here...you wouldn't know the difference. Friendly staff all the way around. Try the fish tacos.
5 I love this place, everything is so tasty and fresh. My only complaint is that it's too far away and I can't get there as often as I would like.
1 Baja Joe? More like Baja NO!  The food is like any other run of the mill Mexican food restaurant out there. Nothing really to write home about but it isn't terrible either.  The one thing I have to complain about thought is the AWFUL service! As soon as our food came out, our server couldn't be bothered to grab us water or even our check once our meal was done. We sat for at least 15min after someone else came to clear our table before our server even came back to check in on us. Once we could finally grab her attention she dropped the check, I instantly put my card down and said it was ready for her to take, she glared at me and walked away without even picking up our payment. RUDE! Seriously, costumer service can make or break an experience and the lack of attention (in a nearly empty restaurant) is inexcusable. I always try to cut servers slack because I know bad days happen, but you've got to draw the line somewhere. I for one, have no desire to give this place another shot.
4 We had never heard of this place and so glad we got introduced to it! My husband and I absolutely love Mariscos and have always gone to Mariscos Sinaloa (48th Street) because we knew for sure we were guaranteed Mariscos there! Well, now that we met Baja Joe's we are completely sold! Service at both locations can be slow on a busy day or time, however, when you start comparing quality and portion size, Baja Joe's is a win! I had a shrimp cocktail (abulon, shrimp, octopus) and my fish bowl was seriously packed with seafood! Not just full of vegetables (cucumber, tomato etc.) like the other Mariscos restaurants. My husband had the Malificio (combination of oysters, scallops, drowned, shrimp  and octopus), which he too loved. We eat Mariscos quite a bit and have never experienced this and we will for sure return! They are not shy at all on their seafood portions. Thank you Baja Joe's!  PS..The salsa was extremely tasty and good, you need to try this place!
2 3 stars food.  3 stars for price.  And 0 stars for service.  We ordered seafood enchiladas, chicken flautas & tacos, and spicy bean dip.  All were good enough.  Nothing extraordinary, but good.  Guacamole was really good, so was their salsa.  Portions from their dinner menu were ok, not gigantic but not small.    Our orders sat in the back long enough to not be hot and to make my taco all soggy and had to eat it with a fork.  I ordered a side of sour cream and guacamole -- service forgot sour cream.  She asked my husband if he wanted warm tortillas with his meal, he said yes, she never brought any out.  Chips and salsa were brought out  after we ordered.  I thought this was one of those cheap joints where it wasn't included so I ordered chips and bean dip.  And then about 5 minutes before our food came she brought out the salsa and the bean dip.  As another reviewer said about their experience, we also weren't checked up on during our meal at all.  We had to flag her down to get the bill after we stopped eating, which wasn't easy when she refused to look in our direction most of the time.  It was not busy, by the way.    I'm not counting them out entirely, but this first time was not good and the owner needs to know some of his wait staff are making him look bad.
4 Excellent ceviche!!! Great place to have a beer and watch a game or two. Chips and salsa are good too !!!
4 The food here is really good!  I had the ceviche tostadas and rice and beans and I ate every bite!  The chips are home made and yummy. Overall I want to try a million things on the menu. Big menu too lots of Baja style seafood!  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the service was slow and lacking. We stood at the door for 5 min and no one told us to seat ourselves even though staff walked past us several times without saying anything. Our waitress took forever. We were there nearly 2 hrs for lunch. Then had to wait 15 min for the waitress to bring our check after we already told her we were done. The prices are good. And their lunch combos are only $5.99
5 Our family became aware of Baja Joe's through Groupon. , we asked a friend if she knew of their restaurant, she highly recommended their authentic Mexican food and customer service. We have been regular customers ever since.  Their menu, breakfast, lunch or dinner is superior. Customer service, excellent.. Children friendly restaurant, patio and recently remodeled and enlarged bar for adults.  We live in East Mesa, we drive to Baja Joe's when we want authentic Mexican food and pleasurable dining experience. We have attended a couple of their musical events, Cinco de Mayo was a blast with a DJ that had people dancing the night away in their patio area.  We attended their recent grand opening of the bar expansion and will be returning with friends this coming weekend for dinner and drinks. My niece and her family will be visiting from Atlanta, Georgia in Oct and can't wait to dine at Baja Joe's !
2 First, the food was 'homemade' good................  The service, not so much.  Wednesday night, 7PM. Several parties in the waiting area. Bartender and another person saw us and Ignored us. I finally went and asked, and they said a server would be right there. Server comes and tells all of us, seat yourself where ever you want.   Ordered margarita's and took the waitresses advice. We took our time with the menu as there a lot of choices, and not the normal fare.   Finally ordered, still no drinks, and then waitress suggests an appetizer to try next time we are there as I told her it was our first time. So we ordered the appetizer, yellow peppers, wrapped in bacon and stuffed with Shrimp!! GOOD!!!!  Margarita's finally came as the bartender had to deliver (apologized for the delay), as the waitress was under age.   The apps come, no silverware. We had  stopped a bus boy to get water and napkins. Of course we had JUST gotten our drinks.  Then 20-25 minutes later the main course. Again good, but I ordered a burro and got a chimi version which I did not want, but did not want to wait anymore and did not take them up on the offer to redo it..  Again, food was great!!   Bill comes and not only did they STILL charge for the Chimi instead of the burro I ordered, but we realize they brought us one LARGE Marg, which we did not ask for. So apparently you HAVE to specific to get a normal size.  SO although we enjoyed the unusual and tasty fare (We saw Guacamole made table side and their Chipolte sauce is made there too.) 90 minutes and two mistakes later it just was NOT worth it. At the VERY least she should have NOT charged for the Chimi that was more expensive than what I ordered.
2 The food was pretty good...about 4 stars good.  The service is a different story...maybe 1 star and that is being generous. We were basically ignored the whole time we were there by our server.  Took forever to get her to take our drink order and then when she did finally bring our drinks mine was wrong, had ordered a margarita with NO salt and of course it had salt.  I had ordered a side of sour cream and of course she forgot it, and once I realized this had to flag down a different server because our server had once again disappeared.  My husband asked for another when she brought our dinner out...10 minutes later no beer so asked the hostess to find our server since we had not seen her since she delivered the food.  When she did finally bring the beer blamed it on the bartender.  Never once did she come over to our table after bringing our meal out and asked us if everything was ok or if we needed anything else.  Let me add they were not busy at all so no excuse really for this horrible service. This was our second visit to Baja Joe's, the first visit being a few months ago and had a wonderful server and a very pleasurable experience.  But after this last visit we won't be back.
5 We have been dining here for over one year and heartily recommend the venue!  The experience begins with smiles and greetings when you enter!  The wait staff truly aim to please!  We have had exemplary service from Judy, Sandra and Fabi...!  The chef always provides excellent, tasty meals!  Also, he will make French fries topped with green salsa and cheese! Must comment on the cleanliness of the entire restaurant and bar!  We think Baja Joe's does not have an equal in the east valley; so, we find ourselves dining there several times per week!
5 Great food, very authentic, good atmosphere, and friendly staff. Overall a great experience.
1 I've now been there twice and can honestly say I will never go there again.  Seriously, the service is the worst.  The first time I went there we waited an hour for our food.  People that were seated after us got their food, paid their check, and left before we got our food.  The second time it took forever again, I thought I was safe ordering nachos, but it came with a "cheese sauce" and the meat left a lot to be desired.  I sent them back and didn't order anything else.  My friends really like the fajitas, but after two bad experiences I'm not willing to go back to try those.  The servers were nice, but non attentive, beyond that I think it's really the management and kitchen staff that need a lot of help.
5 Ok, so the service isn't always the fastest, but its friendly and the food is great! Fish and pork tacos and shrimp stuffed peppers. Yum!! They just expanded and the new bar side is super nice. Love it!
5 We so enjoy this venue for excellent service and delicious food!  Everything from the chips/salsa, grilled fish tacos, fish soup, chicken enchiladas, machaca burros and the flan are so very tasty!  Their side salads are beautifully presented and fresh!  Judy, Sandra, Mercedes and Fabi are always pleasant, friendly and attentive!  Must compliment this venue for cleanliness!  We find ourselves dining at Baja Joe's several times per week..... No equal in the east valley!
5 This place is amazing! I love the atmosphere, and the prices and Food are awesome! I will recommend to all my friends!
4 Food was great!  Beer was great!  Service was great!  I would give it a 5 but both times I've been there in the last two weeks my order was wrong.  I didn't complain because the food was really good.
5 Authentic Mexican food and great drink menu. Excellent spot to watch football. I cannot recommend this places enough to people looking for fresh, authentic, Mexican food. It seriously is amazing. My suggestion would be to sit at the bar in the sports/new bar area. The bartenders are very friendly, especially Alex. He makes a mean michelada 'rocky point' style! Great food, huge tvs, and great drink/beer selection.   Personal recommendations to order: chips and guacamole, all the dif salsas, nachos, and cheese enchilada (red and green are both amazing)  Very pleased to have found baja joes. After moving back to the phx area from Tucson, az, I was starting to fear I wouldn't find an authentic Mexican restaurant. In my opinion, it's the best Mexican restaurant in the valley.
3 I had heard a few good reviews of this place so my husband and I stopped in for dinner one night. The atmosphere is a little loud and the staff seemed pretty busy. We ordered a beef chimi and a fajita burrito deluxe. They were both ok, nothing to go out of your way for.
5 This place is awesome! Get the bacon wrapped shrimp stuffed peppers they are amazing. The fish tacos and pork tacos are also really good. I don't think I've tried anything here I don't like. They also make a great michalada, and margarita. :-)
2 The shrimp enchiladas were good but the service is marginal at best.   They have a great attitude and are friendly but not very attentive.   Waiting to pay for 15 minutes. And they still have not come by.  Good thing is we had the patio to ourselves.   I would give it another try if we are in the area just to see if it was a fluke.
5 Excellent chicken quesadilla for brunch!  Fabi makes our day with her kindness and efficiency!
5 Awesome food and some of the friendliest servers around.  Try the Red Snapper or Arroz Marinero (my favorite).  The Arroz is a stirring platter of octopus, shrimp, fish, clams and scallops..my favorite dish in the Valley.
5 Authentic Mexican food. Excellent flour tortillas (could be a meal in of itself). Try to shrimp in garlic. Or the beef fajitas. Prepare to get your hands messy. Outstanding food. Ate here two days in a row. TVs for the sports fans. And extremely clean bathrooms.
5 Oh my.....we left our comfort zone and tried fajitas!  Baja Joe's chef is expert at making delicious dishes!  Sandra always excels in pleasant service with a never ending smile!
5 Absolutely Baja fish tacos are fabulous and mariscos in a large glass with tortillas on the side and the chimichanga huge absolutely reminds me of being in Ensenada
4 Friday night lights here at Baja Joes!  Sports on, cold beer on sale, homemade Mexican food, & full bar.  Check in discounts when you spend $25 of more. How can you beat this!  Menudo on Sat. & Sun.  Music, and did I say cold beer?
3 Food tonight was good as usual.   I've never gotten a bad meal.   And I have 17 check ins.   I love this place.   But service tonight was horrible.   No silverware or napkins while eating our chips until we were done with them despite asking.  Salsa Bowl was left empty for a good long time.  It took 40 minutes to get our meal.   Just bad.   Not sure if I'll be rushing back.
4 This place is definitely not what I expected. The food was really good but not THE BEST food. The salsa was good and slightly spicy. The fish wasn't seasoned all that great, and not crispy. Beans were real good. Service was nice, friendly and attentive. The price was reasonable. Happy hour seems real nice, and the Sunday football specials sound real good. The decor was fun and colorful.
5 I wish I could have eaten more! Stopped here with either a Yelp Deal or Groupon, can't remember which, during a long road trip last summer. My wife and I had just spent some time hiking around the Superstition Mountains and the heat had really drained us. We brought our two dogs along, and they were willing to let us have them in the patio seating area, but it was full. So, we ate inside and left the dogs in the car - the sun had gone down at that point. The portions were enormous! And so tasty! I wish I could go back right now!
2 I was really disappointed in this place. I went for music with friends and the venue was new to me.   The set up in the long, narrow bar is bizarre, with high-top tables up close to the stage blocking the view of everyone at the low tables behind. The noise level was ridiculously high, with lots of TVs playing sports competing with the music. The acoustics were also very strange.  The service was atrocious. I waited 10 minutes to even catch the eye of a waitress. She immediately told me they were out of chips and salsa. This is a Mexican restaurant for heaven sake! How can you run out of chips and salsa.   Once I ordered my tableside guacamole it took over an hour to get it, and once it came it was unmemorable, bland with a couple of unexpected spots of fiery chili. My fellow music lovers had similar experiences with the service and food.  I hate to say it, because I love to support venues that feature live music, but I will not be back to this restaurant.
5 Excellent!! The waitress even got my order wrong, but what she gave me looked so delicious, I didn't send it back, and it was fabulous! I still to this day don't know what I was actually given.  Great seafood (not fishy tasting at all!), great Mexican, great salsa, and I'll go there again.
2 Decided to have dinner here since it's so close to home plus a co-worker of my wife "highly recommended " it.  Service was spotty.  Took 5 mins or so before our drink orders were taken. We had to ask for water with our chips n salsa.  Blue margarita was good the michelada (sp) was ok.   Dinner arrived before our ceviche app. Wish we'd ordered the small one because the ceviche was bland and boring. Lacked salt. We left 3/4 of it uneaten.  Wife and daughter ordered bean n cheese burritos and they were good but it's hard to mess that up. I ordered the fish filet in culichi sauce. Very small filets in a watered down version of culichi sauce. I could even see tiny bubbles in the sauce that verified it had been "reduced". Bland but edible.  Flour tortillas were supposed to come with my order but they never materialized. At that point I didn't even ask for them.   If you want a really authentic Mexican seafood meal go to Mariscos Sinaloa in Mesa. Yelp it, it'll come up.
1 I have tried Baja Joes three times and each time I had a bad experience. I know why would anyone go back if they didn't like it the first time. I went there for the live music and found there wasn't any other reason to go there again. It took over an hour to get my dinner and when I asked for chips and salsa, the server told me the ran out of chips. I get that they were busy and that is why I thought I would give them a second visit. Yes, the live music brought me back again and this time the service was slow and inconsistent. My friends all complained to me. Asking why I would bring them there. For the music, I told them. My third visit and I know you are thinking 3 times? I went only for the music and still had an awful experience. The server was rude and when I complained to the manager, he was just as rude and unhelpful. After talking with him, I can see why the service and restaurant is so bad. I will not be going back another time. I will not even go there to hear the live music!! I would recommend that you go some place else!!
5 Food and service are great, bartenders are very attentive,  becoming a regular here, very comfortable.
5 Always great service!!! Feels like you're in Rocky Pointe when you walk in the doors. Food is fantastic!!!  The torritos are delicious!!! The patio will relax you!!!
5 It's got a lot of Mexican restaurants around Mesa beat!!!!  I usually take home about half a combo meal but this time just couldn't get enough of the flavor in the green chili enchiladas and taco in flower tortilla!  Then the chips and salsa wonderful!  We used a coupon in entertainment book.  The whole idea of coupons is to get you back!  It diffinitly will get us back as service was good and food delicious.  My husband and I kept talking about it the rest of day!  :-). From reviews I think we will stay away during live music.  Oh and loved the wrap around wall murals!
5 Wow who knew you could get Fresh Seafood in the desert.  Our family loves seafood and Baja Joes has now become our favorite place to enjoy it.  We stumbled on this in search for a good lunch spot for the family this past Saturday.  Glad I take some reviews of this place with a grain of salt and tried it for ourselves.  Eva our server was awesome.  Yes you do tend to wait a bit longer for your meals but when they make it all fresh to order that is what you get.  We had the tableside quac and was fabulous.  3 of us split this Seafood sampler with red floured fish that was so moist and amazing, shrimp cooked to perfection, along with grilled and breaded fish cooked to perfection.  The chipotle sauce was outstanding.  Our daughter had the chicken taco salad and loved it.  Flan and fried ice cream to end with what was not to love.  This will definitely be a returning spot for us loved the patio area.
5 My favorite restaurant! Husband & I usually order chicken fajitas, flour tortillas and a draft beer. Absolutely delicious every single time we go there both during lunch or dinner. Comes with guacamole and the freshest salsa, tortillas and chips in town. All the pretty servers do a great job!
4 Order fish and shrimp grilled for tacos!!! So good! We sat outside today and they had two men playing authentic music. Great atmosphere :)
4 Eat lunch here all the time.  Really love this place.  Quality is always good IMO but you  don't want to go here if you are in a hurry.  If you have 45 minutes for lunch you're good but less than that and it'll ruin your lunch.    Fish Tacos, Lunch special Burro and the Burro special only in the bar are all great choices.  I keep meaning to try those stuffed peppers wrapped in bacon though.
4 On a whim, we decided to try Baja Joe's. I was slightly skeptical as the shopping center it is in is old and houses a thrift store and some other oddities. However,  upon walking i was surprised to see how spacious the bar area and dining room were. The bar area had lots of tables ranging from high tops to big banquet tables. There was also a ton of flat screens and a darts game.   We sat ourselves at the bar and were greeted by  of the many bartenders. She was quite friendly and helped with my indecisiveness with my drink order. I got a Corona-Rita, a margarita with a baby corona in it. It was huge and well made; not overly sweet or too strong. For food, I got a 3 item combo so I could t one ry a variety of items. It had a grilled fish taco, shrimp taco and cheese enchilada with rice and beans. Both tacos were amazing; they were fresh and had a ton of flavor. The cheese enchilada was oozing with cheese and the red sauce was slight spicy and not sweet like canned enchilada sauce. The beans and rice were on point, which is indicative of a good Mexican restaurant in my opinion. My boyfriend ordered two beef tacos, which were braised in some type of sauce making the meat tender and delicious.  One of the owners was helping clear tables and asked how things were. I told him it was our first time and it was a good one. He was happy to hear and gave us a coupon to use for next time. Such great customer service.   Overall, it was a pleasant surprise and I can see myself frequenting here often and you should to.
2 Food and drinks are fine.  Service is lacking. We waited way beyond normal to be greeted at all. Had trouble getting our order in. Used the bar to get drinks.  Had to bus our own table.  It's an ok place for ambiance.  The owners deserve credit for what they offer aside from the service offered.  Owners, take some care in getting more attentive help.
2 This was my first time at Baja Joes and I'm afraid I was unimpressed.  We ordered Shrimp cocktail, Garlic shrimp and Ceviche. - three staple Mexican dishes.  The cocktail was watery and has frozen shrimp  The garlic shrimp was swimming in oil, the four slices of potato were undercooked and the rice was burnt - also the shrimp was still in its shell whilst swimming in oil which made it virtually impossible to de-shell.  The ceviche was average at best.  The house lemonade was lovely and the service was pretty good but the meal was not worth $50  I'm afraid I won't be going back.
4 One month later and the experience was much improved.  We were greeted and seated quickly as we entered. The service was quick and courteous.
5 Wow..... We really changed things up and ate an early dinner at the bar!  Fred is awesome... And attentive to excellent customer service!
5 This place turned out to be so much better than I originally thought. My mother took my family out to lunch with a "groupon" she scored, and thanks to her I now have a new favorite Mexican food place!  The environment is relaxing and refreshing with a beach-theme and colorful murals along the walls. Service was fast and friendly, and they have great accommodations for families.   As far as food goes, I couldn't stop eating my carne adobada. Rice had wonderful flavor and texture, beans were tasty, and the homemade tortillas reminded me of the ones I get from Mexico. My family members all tried each others' plates (we like to share) and no one complained about any menu items we ordered. All of the seafood dishes were deliciously fresh. In fact we liked everything so much we got dessert- sopapillas. Those filled us up and just like everything else, didn't disappoint.  Overall I find this restaurant very deserving of my 5-star rating and encourage all of you to try it out! They tend to be a bit spicy on some choices (they even offer a habanero pepper sauce I enjoyed immensely) so ask your server if it's something that might potentially burn your tongue off. Other than that though, go try Baja Joe's for yourself!
3 Service is mediocre. Food is pretty good!!! Stick with the seafood!! Got the cevichi tostada, it was yummy!!!
4 They have $2 fish tacos on Tuesdays. And very good fish tacos at that. Excellent Mexican/Seafood place, reminds me of my hometown. Sometimes the customer service isn't fantastic but the food definitely makes up for it.
4 We've been here a couple of times now and I love the place! We walked in there you feel like you're in a restaurant in Rocky point Mexico. It's got a really cool coastal beach theme. The menu is rather large and has a lot of options. It is a bit cumbersome to understand in parts of the language barrier. Service on both times that we went was exceptional. They have a ceviche tostada on happy hour that is knock your socks off fantastic. That with a cold Corona light draft beer you can't go wrong. My only negative issue was there's a male manager that walks around the dining room on both occasions with a cold and stern look on his face and seems really uninviting. He stopped at our table to clear off some table settings and didn't even speak to us which I thought was disconcerting. I find the parking lot a bit sketchy to as the first time we were there there were people walking out of the restaurant with Bud lights in her hand heading towards her vehicles and the second time there was a couple of good old boys in the parking lot with the tailgates of their trucks down sipping on a bottle of Jack Daniels. Does it give the place very good curb appeal. Other than that this place is rockstar!
3 I didn't order any seafood here (which is easily the majority of the menu) so admittedly my view on this place may be somewhat less than informed.  That being said what I did have (red beef burrito, rice beans) was meh.  Not especially bad, not especially good.  I did really like the salsa.
4 Love the food.  Yes it's in a bar but their food is actually really good. This is not a Mexican restaurant where I order a meat taco and enchiladas.  This is a place where you get their specialties such as the carne asadá plate (special marinade and grilled) of you order their seafood dishes. Excellent seafood soups too such as soup of the 7 seas...  Drinks are good but service is slow. It's still worth the wait if you aren't in the fast food style mood. The table side guacamole is a must...
