5 I have been looking for a new tv for some time now to put in the living room downstairs. I knew what I wanted, it was just a matter of finding it at the right price and getting my questions answered about it to help ensure it was the set that I was truly looking for.  Starpower is in the same strip mall as Whole Foods at the other end of the parking lot. The windows are tinted out so it is hard to tell what they have going on if you are driving or walking by.  I stopped in and immediately knew I was in the right place. Behind the sales desk up front is a 120 inch set hanging right on the wall and nothing but televisions and home theater equipment throughout the rest of the store. This isn't a big box shop, this is a home theater specialty store, without the specialty prices. In fact after speaking with the very helpful Brad in sales I was able to get a deal that price matched both best buy and ultimate. It was a very easy conversation and at no point did I feel pressured to go with any one tv. In fact Brad took his time answering my questions and giving some great feedback on the differences between the set that I was looking at and a couple of relatively similar sets. He didn't try to hype up 3D (which I wasn't going to buy anyways) or any other crazy technologies for that matter.  After getting a great price on the television that Brad had to call in from a different store due to its popularity and availability, we set a date for installation. Roughly a week later Mike and John came to install the television which was no easy task. They mounted it to the wall, ran all the wires behind the wall, installed and connected the tv to my home theater and then took the time to explain the connections and buttons I would have to press for various functions. Their work is extremely clean and looks absolutely amazing. The tv and all the components fit in the niche better than expected and they were able to get the job done in only a few hours. Mike also told me if I change any components or if I get the hdmi out cable box from Cox that he would be happy to come back out and reset any of the connections or any other issues that might arise.  All and all I couldn't be happier with the service, professionalism, and overall experience with everyone I have dealt with so far at Starpower. In fact I am going to hire them for a second job here in the next couple of weeks.  Do not be scared that they are not best buy or wal-mart or any other big box shop. These guys know their products, will take care of you, and will make you happier at the end of the day with your purchase from them.
4 Was looking for a good dealer of high end electronics, and StarPower beat internet pricing on some good rear/surround Klipsch speakers.  Very nice store and was able to do 1yr same as cash, also very helpful.  Knowledgeable sales people, so this gets my good review for Phoenix Hi-Fi Audio.
4 Update --  I was also looking to upgrade my 8yr old Velodyne subwoofer to a newer model, and while StarPower are not a 100% dealer, they were able to come close to internet pricing and offer me same 1yr as cash deal, and give me {near} local dealer support, so again, good job helping a local customer support local business[es].  I am a very experienced Home Theater guy, having gone to Film School and had high end components for many years now.   As before the folks did know their and other, products and so this was a good experience.
5 My wife and I live part-time in the Scottsdale area and have long gone without any television. Seeking to end this situation, we researched some systems and established a budget. We went to Starpower on a Saturday afternoon and  were helped by a terrific and knowledgeable salesman who really was quite responsive to our questions and concerns. I am an audiophile, but  admit to being a bit behind the times when it comes to the latest home theatre technology. He helped us decide what products would best suit our needs but, even more importantly, his demeanor was at all times professiona and helpful; quite a different situation than most consumers face with 'big box' electronic retailers. Importantly, he did did not try to hard sell us anything. At the end of our session with him, the products we chose were right within our  budget. Even more impressive, because they had the items that we chose in stock, they came out to put the system together in our home later that afternoon! They then followed up with a phone call to see if we had any problems and to inquire as to whether or not we were happy with our purchase.  Shopping for electronics can be an intimidating task, but we were put at ease by the quality of the sales force, the reasonable range of quality products, and the non-intimidating atmosphere of the Scottsdale store. If you are interested in purchasing a new television or home theatre, we definitely recommend that you stop by Starpower.
5 My wife and I couldn't be more happy with StarPower in Scottsdale, AZ. Kurt Schmidt is always courteous and friendly to us, either when we talk on the phone or when we go there in-person! He sent us out a dynamic team of Jason and Bryan! They helped us with our personal wants/needs for our media room. Right away, they solved our problems with their expert knowledge and know-how! The fact is, is that not only were they so helpful to us. above and beyond which typically could be expected, but also they were so kind to us 'the client'! Thank you StarPower in Scottsdale!!! We are looking forward to continuing our business with you!!  Thanks, again!!                             ..Mike S.   2012 10-20
1 I'm not sure who voted Starpower #1 in service in Arizona, but I am not impressed.  They cut some speaker wire for me that was the wrong length, when I went back to get the correct length they charged me for the new wire and said that they cut it right the first time clearly they hadn't.
