4 During my first visit to Valvona and Crolla at Elm Row, I was repeatedly amazed by the sheer size of the place! Having walked down the street a couple of times, I had no idea this store was as expansive as it is impressive; the exterior does certainly doesn't brag!  As if the endless counters of cheeses and cold meat cuts, followed by shelves of pasta and olive oil weren't enough, right at the rear of this deli is a cafe! It's quite generously sized as well, with a unique menu of antipasti, focaccias, pizzas and pasta!   For the prize, and sheer effort put into the menu, I'd say this place is more of a restaurant than a cafe! Their focaccias aren't so pricey, and the one I had there, with the "paesano" sausage was.. drool... delish!
3 I love good food. I love Italian food. Valvona & Crolla's is the epic Italian deli of Edinburgh, having been here for almost 100 years. The deli up the front of their original Elm Row branch is wonderous, like Willy Wonka's for meat, cheese and pasta lovers. I love it.  The caffe bar up the back sells all their delicious food stuffs, which is good. So why the three stars?  The boy and I came here for breakfast. A £30 breakfast is transpired. Yes, we weren't counting as we ordered but we normally order the same thing where ever we go and it usually ranges from £10 - £20. The usual being normally two types of cooked (poached eggs and bacon, or smoked salmon), a tea and coffee, and two OJs. The only difference here was the boy also ordered one of their fresh chocolate croissants for after (they are that good).  So either the chocolate croissant was £10 good or their prices are just generally higher. I can't actually remember the individual prices, but paying £30 for two for breakfast is a wee bit much. The food really is great and they are an Edinburgh institution so I think the prices reflect this. But when I can get equally good cooked breakfast elsewhere at half the price..well you do the maths.  The other thing that I don't know if they could change is the space itself. It only has sky lights so whilst there's light, there's no view. The decor is quite dated and the chairs and tables are spread out across a rectanguar floor in a very orderly order (ehh you know what I mean). It just feels a little soulless. This is a total contrast to the dark, high-ceilinged, meat-strewn deli up front. It just isn't somewhere I'd *want* to go for long leisurely brunch or lunch. Which is a real shame.  Don't get me wrong, I love their deli, I like their other cafés (despite that they're also really pricey) and I love their food. But the prices are just too high and there are other places nearby with much more personality.
4 I have only been here about 2 times in a year and a half, but it's not hard to tell that Valvona and Crolla have something special and different than other stores don't have.   Thumbs up for providing good produce that is nearly impossible to find elsewhere in Edinburgh. There is a range of different wines in the back, and more meats/cheeses type thing in the front. Not to mention, baskets full of delicious pastries and breads. So, I obviously had to get an Almond Croissant.   ...It was delicious.   If I lived closer, I know I would have a peek in more often, but it's great to go into, especially if you love cooking and italian food. You might find that special ingredient you're looking for!   I know that there is an upstairs caffe as well, but so far I haven't managed to eat there. Next time!
2 If you are looking for the most expensive espresso macchiato in town, look no further - £2.45. I had balked when Peters Yard raised their macchiato prices to £2.20, but now I can see theirs is actually a steal. I have to say that the prices made it a bit hard to enjoy this cafe, which is a very pleasant space - wood floors, high ceilings, pleasantly and simply decorated. But I am just not convinced that the high prices are worth a trip across town - I did say most expensive macchiato, not the best I have had. There is table service, which makes a nice change from most cafes around town, but the service itself was a bit inconsistent. I was not greeted by any of the three servers behind the deli counter when I walked into the shop. Nor was I greeted by the two employees behind the register as I entered the cafe. We were served by two waitresses, for some reason. One was very pleasant, but the other one was not. I think that this could be a cafe that warrants a trip across town if the prices were more reasonable and the wait staff a bit more consistently pleasant and attentive.
4 I had a pasta dish in the caffe bar for lunch when I met an old friend with whom I used to work in San Francisco before she moved back to Edinburgh. Valvona & Crolla was someplace I had on my Edinburgh food list to try not only for its caffe bar, and wonderous selection of deli meats, cheeses, and wines but because it was mentioned in one of Andrew McCall Smith's Isabel Dahousie novels. The fact that it was 2 blocks from the B&B I was staying in was also a factor.  Good meal, good company, and I'll have to return one day to pick up some picnic supplies.
3 Valvona and Crolla is definitely all about the space - or lack thereof. As you walk through the door, you gasp with surprise as you take in the shelves stuffed up to the ceiling, and everything else that is suspended from the sky. Deli counters about, and after winding your way around the counters, looking at frou frou oil, frou frou jam, frou frou chutney, frou frou... you get the picture, you find yourself in a lighter, brighter space, ready for eating. It's perfect, you have been lured into the lair of the coffee woman.   It's not cheap, but it's delicious, we shared an antipasti dish complete with char grilled vegetables, mozzarella and olives, fat and juicy. We drank from Italian soda cans. We ate some lovely orange semolina cake. We paid the high prices, and didn't regret it. So it's not an every day kinda place, and the setting in the cafe is spartan, we did still have a lovely time there, so I'm perfectly happy to recommend it.
