5 It would be easy to walk straight past Peppers Sandwich Bar with its unassuming exterior decor, but it is definitely worth a look. Situated in the Tollcross area of Edinburgh, Peppers Sandwich Bar is just a short walk from the city centre and it is pretty close to the main University campus, George Square, and so it is a convenient place to reach.   Peppers has an extensive lunch menu, including sandwiches, panini's, baguette's and wraps, and an even bigger selection of fillings. I love their chicken and sweetcorn wraps, as they don't skimp on the fillings, which is always a bonus and they heat up the wrap before they serve it so it is lovely and warm. There is a fresh soup made everyday, and their potato and leek is truly gorgeous, which frequently comes with croutons - yum!  Peppers also sell a range of biscuits and home baking, their rocky road is especially delicious and worth a taste. The prices are really reasonable here, with a sandwich and a drink costing about £2.50, and there are always special deals available.   There are a few tables and chairs inside, and there are now some outside too so it s great place to go for your lunch and sit outside and watch the world go by.
4 Kind of forgot about Peppers on the corner of Lady Lawson Street but I was walking by this morning and felt in need of tea and some breakfast. It's a cool little cafe and sandwich bar, selling sandwiches (of course), wraps, baguettes, cakes and drinks. I arrived just as Lisa, the owner was making up today's batch of "Ridiculously Squidgy Brownies". They did look good and I bought one for later. But had a nice breakfast roll and a cup of tea sitting inside out of the rain. It's pretty cheap too given that everything is made fresh in front of you.  It's obvious that this is many people's regular breakfast pitstop on the way to work, as many people came in and asked for their "regular" and many were greated by their name. Lisa Boodoo has to be one of the cheeriest and friendliest cafe owners around (she was merrily singing to herself the whole time I was there!).  So for a no frills but tasty and healthy breakfast or lunch, this looks like a perfect place.  p.s. i had my squidgy brownie at lunchtime and it was all it promised to be!!
4 I needed wifi I needed breakfast. I needed tea. I needed a friendly café. And lo, there was Peppers.  I have walked past many times before and never had a reason to go in. It's not so much a lazy, spend-an-afternoon-here café. It has no customer toilets and only two window-benches with tall stools to sit-in. Definitely more of a 'take-out' spot. But they still have free wifi and it's quite a perfect wee spot to rock up for an hour or so to have a breakfast roll, cup of tea, enjoy some Radio 1 and friendly chat.  The bacon roll is only £1.50. They have porridge. They have a panini called the "Hank Marvin" panini (this tickled me). They also advertise has having "ridiculously sticky brownies." I didn't try one but judging by the small but mighty cake stand at the front, they did look very sticky and ridiculously delicious.  It's at essence a take-out sandwich bar, probably catering largely to the ECA and Uni students nearby. But it also does just nicely for folk like me, wifi searching café-hoppers in look of tasty grub. I can see myself coming back quite often for a wee breakfast pit-stop.
4 Peppers was a big hit at the Yelp Winter event, where their brownies went down a storm. On the back of that, I popped along for a visit, the other day, and I was well impressed. They have a good range of freshly made lunchtime favourites. I sampled a particularly well-balanced carrot and rosemary soup, and the wrap I had was packed with flavour.  Overall, we said: "I was delighted with Peppers. They run a slick operation, and serve dishes that are high on flavour. I'd gladly go back to sample more of their tasty items, and would suggest that you do, too. I'm confident you'll be as impressed as I was, today."
4 ever since tasting some of the most amazing brownies i'd ever eaten during the winterfall wonderland event, i know i had to find a way to try out peppers sandwich bar!!  over six months ago i still had the memory of the moist, chocolately, just slighty chewy brownies that were just heaven for any cake lover.  so having a rare moment when i'd be in town during lunch time i set my sights on peppers.  the shop is a fairly good size, with some room to grab a seat and eat your breakfast or lunch but also a big counter space displaying all the tasty options that are on offer.  i was torn over what to get... the paninis sounded awesome, the cold sandwiches sounded awesome, the brownies were calling to me and i also had to make the decision of what to get the boyfriend on his sandwich!  from the pre-made fridge i grabbed a roll with brie, cranberry, and rocket for myself which was then nice toasted for me.  i got a tuna mayo with salad for the boyfriend and one of the plain chocolate brownies to spilt.  there was also a bottle of water and some orange juice, all coming in under a tenner!  brilliant value :)  the sandwiches were very good, i thoroughly enjoyed mine!!  the fillings were generous and the roll was super fresh with some rosemary mixed through it to give it a nice herby flavour.  the tuna sandwich appeared equally satisfying and the brownie.... oh my the brownie!!  just as good as i remembered it.  i only wish i had gotten my own instead of sharing.  i am definitely a fan of peppers!  and i hope that i can find another time to grab some lunch there or at least make a visit to get a week's supply worth of brownies :)
2 I had tried their brownies at a Yelp event last year and was excited to try out their other food. The staff were less than interested in the customers. The sandwiches were ok, but nothing exceptional. I can't remember the exact soup that I had, but it was too salty.   The brownies are incredible! If I stop here again it will simply be just to get one of the best brownies in Edinburgh. Otherwise, there are much better places for lunch.
