5 I'm going on a camping trip next week and I am so excited! I haven't been camping since I was little when I used to go with my family during the summer holidays for a wee weekend away during the summer and maybe do a spot of hiking too. This kind of outdoor activity got rather boring, as when you're in your teens the last thing you want to do is have your parents wake you up at the crack of dawn to smell the fresh outdoor air. I think we overdid the whole camping scene and that's why I haven't wanted to go camping for such a long time, the last time was probably around 7 years ago. The time has come, however, to dig out my hiking boots, pitch the tent and enjoy the outdoors and I couldn't be more excited.  I nipped into Mountain Warehouse last week to top up on camping goodies and I left so happy. The guy serving couldn't have been more friendly and pointed me in the direction of an amazing picnic kit bargain. The picnic kit was a large polka dot bag which includes a large cool box, a full stainless steel cutlery set, a chopping board, four plates, four mugs, a salt and pepper shaker, a bottle opener and a set of four napkin as well as extra storage space for food. This treat was reduced from £49.99 to £19.99 and I couldn't believe my luck! Now I am more exited than ever to go camping so I can try out my new cutlery set and pour some tea into my new mugs.  They have a full range of camping equipment and outdoor gear including tents, walking boots, sleeping bags, rucksacks, torches and rain jackets, all of excellent quality and at excellent prices to. The staff are so friendly and if you're looking for advice on what outdoor gear you should be taking on your next outdoor adventure - head here! This is one seriously happy camper that will be heading back very soon!
4 If you're looking for camping gear of one sort or another, then Mountain Warehouse is a fairly comprehensive place to come with lots of great value deals on offer.  I recently acquired a rather nice two man tent from here for a mere £25 and with low expectations I used it only to be pleasantly surprised.  Despite it being a very wet and windy night the tent stayed dry and I was pleasantly surprised with just how good my new tent was.  I mean you expect a few faults for £25.  Beyond tents they cover the whole camping range with one common theme and that is great value throughout.  Whatever you buy you'll know it's decent quality and well worth what you pay for it.
