5 Overlooking Portobello Beach stands the Beach House café. Located on the corner of Bath Street this café offers a wide ranging menu. From coffee, to pastries, sandwiches and salads and cooked breakfasts, this café does it all.  Inside, the café pays homage to its location with deep sea blue walls with various sailing decorations located across the café. Cakes and breads are cooked daily in the café, and one can only admire the smells on offer in the café. It was very busy with families when I paid it a visit and had a great buzzing atmosphere. And from reading about it, it certainly has won admirers and is one of the best places to go for a bite to eat in the area.  With great views of the beach and the Firth of Forth, it really is an ideal location for a café. And even better, this café matches the hype surrounding it.
5 Exceptional quality food, home baking and coffee make this place well worth a visit.  Their freshly baked bread is the secret of their successful sandwich making.  I'm going back!
2 We took the bus out to Portobello from Edinburgh today. It was a lovely, sunny and almost warm afternoon and I was pleasantly surprised to find what looked like a very inviting cafe on the waterfront. The cafe is well-presented and a positive addition to the Portobello beach front. I would have to agree though with the previous reviewer - the service was rather poor. When we entered the cafe, we read the sign that informs customers to "please wait to be seated." We duly waited for at least 10 minutes whilst all manner of staff milled about and pushed past us in the cramped entry way. Finally, we enquired as to whether or not we could take a table. We were told to go ahead. We sat, looked at the menu and then proceeded to wait another 10 minutes or so. Just when we thought that we had figured out that perhaps we needed to order at the counter, a waitress came over to our table and took our order.  The food was fine, though I would like to correct Matthew's review above - the cakes and breads are NOT baked  on the premises. All of this is brought in from outside. I know this for certain as when I asked what the exact ingredients of the cakes might be and whether or not there were peanuts being handled in the kitchen where the cakes were being prepared, the waitress told me she could not say as all cakes were brought in from an outside bakery. The cakes did look nice and it is a shame that the Beach House does not have more information on hand about the cakes they are selling - even if they are not baking them.  I would go back here for a coffee. I ordered an espresso macchiato that I thought was of a good quality. The next time though I will be more proactive about being seated and having my order taken in a timely fashion.
4 Nice little cafe overlooking Portobello beach. The Promenade is a great place for a walk/cycle on a sunny day and The Beach House is right on it; the perfect to stop for refreshments or lunch. The ice cream is from The Chocolate Tree and they have Orangina in the original little curvy bottles. Awesome.
4 I like it here. tasty food, and well sourced puddings from various places like La Cerise in Leith.  The service can get slow when it's busy, and it's a small place so it gets busy easily. but it's right on the beach. You can eat outside, and you can take away thigns too, like the ice cream *hint hint*
2 I really wanted to like this place. It's cute, perfect location with a beautiful view of the beach, and the decor was nice too. And they are serving a lot of organic stuff. I was really excited when I walked in, but like others mentioned, the service was painfully slooooowwwwwww. I got there about 11:40am, got seated right away, but nobody came to take my order until 11:55, and at that time, the server refused to take my breakfast order because breakfast was until noon. I asked her if she could check with the kitchen, and she did, but the same answer. In my mind, I wanted to argue "but it's 11:55, there is still 5 minutes left!!!" But I just didn't want to waste my time anymore. If they are ok with having me sit all by myself at the table, and go talk to a family who got in after I did  and take their order before me, then maybe they just didn't want me there. It's unfortunate, I really wanted to like this place so that I could come back every morning to get a coffee or breakfast while I'm staying in Portobello, but I think I would rather spend my money somewhere else where they appreciate my patronage.
4 This place was delightful, beautiful strawberry sorbet ice cream, served by a very friendly and helpful guy and only £2 for a massive scoop! Edinburgh is so cheap and lovely!!!! wish I still lived here sometimes!
5 I just fancied a scone and a flat white beside the beach and this is what I get!  Perfect!!!  Really nice fruit scone with jam and butter, topped off with a lovely warm, tasting flat white right beside the beach.    The staff were friendly and service was quick too.  I'll be here again - it's enough to brighten up anyone's day!
4 The Beach House makes a regular fun cycle to Portobello beach, or a day in the Turkish baths, change from an all-round fun day to an AMAZING day filled with beautiful salads and CAKE. Yes.  I don't know Portobello well, but the two times I've been here recently on a bike ride and after a day at the Turkish Baths, this is the café we went to both times, and it was just right each time. It's big inside, and whilst it always seems to be full to the rafters, we weren't turned away and had a table within 2 minutes of waiting. The staff are super friendly, and the head waiter who coordinates it all runs a tight ship but in a relaxed way.  FIrst off: many options of gluten free cakes. Yes! From Love Pure Cakes and Mrs C's Cakes, and a few others I don't recognise. This makes me so happy, and both times the cake I had was delicious.  Second: warm winter vegetable salad with feta and many seeds. Yes! This was amazingly delicious and the perfect serving size after a day of steaming in the baths, but still leaving room for cake.  I think without The Beach House my trips to Portobello would be far colder, tiring and less delicious. Where else would I stop for coffee and cake mid-cycle? Let's not think about answering that.
4 This seems to be one of the most popular haunts for promenade eating and drinking, and for good reason.   The space is airy and bright, despite always being almost full to capacity. The cakes are fresh and extremely tasty, with a range of gluten free options to cater for GF cake nommers. The tea is plentiful and refreshing. Food is varied and good quality. The service is with a smile, though it sometimes is a wee bit slow - due probably to the business of the place.    Definitely recommend, I always like to have a quick stop here!
3 I've been here a few times now as it's become a bit of semi-local.   Good points - Location. It's on the promenade with views out to the sea. Pretty and inviting, especially if the weather is a bit lacklustre! They also have outdoor seating with blankets for when it gets a bit chilly.  - Food. For the most part is pretty nice. The cakes are good and the breakfasts are yum.   Things to, let shall we say, work on...  - Staff. If you don't want to be in the service industry, then don't be. The minimum you need as a customer is a smile and just general politeness. I've been here a few times now and it doesn't seem to matter who you get, whether sat at a table or grabbing a takeaway, you get the feeling that you're just annoying them. So so miserable it's off-putting. I'm not the only one who feels this way. I've even had people sitting next to us turn to us and comment, wondering whether it was just them. - Portion sizes. I can't tell you how small the bacon rolls are! And for £3.95 you would be horrified. Which brings me on to the price of things...I know they have a captured market but it's a tad too high.   You know thinking about it again makes me think I probably won't go back here. I'll try the Espy next door.
