5 A family run business, The Fudge House of Edinburgh have been supplying locals and visitors with sweet toothed treats since 1949. Based in a historic store-front on Canongate, they make each tablet of fudge by hand on site. Flavours differ day to day with a choice of everything from vanilla, butterscotch and ginger to coconut, dark chocolate and strawberry.  According to the friendly man that served me, the whisky and rum & raisin flavours are particularly popular with tourists. For me personally however, it's all about the rocky road and wild tart cherry. Both are available to buy per bag or box and prices are significantly cheaper than the neighbouring Fudge Kitchen.
4 The Fudge House has really interesting flavors like lemon, coffee and chocolate peppermint. The prices are pretty average for a fudge shop.  The fudge itself is good, but it's not noteworthy.
4 I am giving The Fudge House four stars, after buying a box of fudge to be given as a gift. I haven't tried the fudge (as it's a gift) but everything in the shop looked amazing. So many different varieties to choose from! I chose 5 blocks of fudge: chocolate rocky road, almond cream toffee, vanilla, triple dark chocolate and rum and raisin.   They sell the classic fudges in various flavours, but if you want to try something else they have a specialty fudge section which features e.g. lemon meringue pie!  Chocolate fudges should please the choco-holics too.  My one gripe with this place was that they didn't offer any samples. I asked about the difference in butterscotch and caramel glory, and the girl explained - but I was hoping for a wee sample to really see for myself.   The 5 pieces of fudge I bought were boxed up and the total was just over £8.
4 Not a big fan of fudge.  From previous experience....you get fudge from your local newsagent...by the check out...usually sitting right next to thr charity tub...when I first came to study...I have always been curious about what is that fudge thing....didnt even know how to even read it properly...I used to call it the soap looking fud gee....lolzzz... never bought one..and thought yea maybe someone will buy it and I will just try a bit... that day never came...no one buys that stuff...so eventually my curiosity took over and I got one from the local shop.....  first bite......   its sooo sweet...and..caramelly..toffee ish butterly.....I did not like it.   So it was out of my life for a good twelve years.  At least I killed my curiosity.    Then one day in Summer, walking along Royal mile..passing The Fudge House.....didn't think I would pay any attention to it as I was walking past...but then it caught my eyes...all these colourful bricks laying nicely in their glass show case.... it was so elegantly layout...and there my curiosity was alive...and thought ok..a decades past..maybe I should give thr fudge a second try..( I know how to pronounce it now )  And yes I did. Not just one fudge.  I came back out with a whole gift box of fudge..I think it was roughly 12 to 15 pieces... all different flavours.    Pistachio Coconut Triple chocolate Strawberry Orange chocolate Caramel Cookies and cream ( I think ) And some others...nearly everything they had that day... Yep..gone crazy  Anyway there were so many choices And the taste ... was really good.  Definitely not like the ones I had twelve years ago.. not too sweet..and the flavours were brilliant especially the fruity ones.. I love the orange and strawberry ones..   Usually I say no to fudge But for The Fudge House fudge A definite yes...  Even just a tiny weeny bit..
