5 best shop in Vegas! i get tattooed by BUNDY and have been since i was 18 years old when he was tattooing out in San Diego. He opened up this shop in vegas and i make the drive about 4 times a year to get tattooed by him.   VERY professional, clean and knowledgeable staff.  me and all my friends have tattoos by bundy. great artist, guy and runs a great shop!  get tattooed
5 Very underatted shop in Las Vegas, it seems. Screw Heart and Huntington, the best Tattoos in Vegas are right here. Love how this place isnt stuck up and over priced like some of the parlors on the strip. Got a great leg piece while watching Kill Bill in one of the rooms. Awesome. Very clean and cozy little shop with incredible artwork and unbeatable prices. Youd have to be a total Tattoo newb or just have horrible taste to go to a place like Huntington Tattoo Lounge. Long live Stay True Tattoo!
5 I got a the worst tattoo job known to man by Voodoo tattoo BUT Aaron at Stay True 2 turned the shitty job Voodoo did into a frickin Masterpiece!
5 Sorry, i realize this is for Stay true #2 but this review is for #1 on Arville and flamingo.  its all stay true... so im gonna have to agree with Nick V., i drive to vegas from long beach at least 4 times a year (probably more) and get tattooed by Jason Murphy. This place is small and very professional, they make you feel very comfortable, friendly. Other than the simply amazing job they do on your tattoo's, this place has heart and integrity, its not trendy, there are no gimmicks, its simply all about giving you the best tattoo you can get and really getting your money's worth.  Its seriously worth a 4 hour drive. i wouldnt go anywhere else.
5 Serene Temple is great!! She has almost completed my sleeve, the only thing is that I work in a high profile spot that peole ask me a million times a day, " Who does yr work?" and I hand out cards like crazy...and now I can not get a damn appointment since she is always booked haha.
5 Andy and the crew were very helpful, professional and did really nice work.  A group of us on a 20 Year Army Reunion were in town.  We wanted to get matching tats but we knew that the Strip was only over priced tourist traps.  So I Yelped and found Stay True Tattoo 2.  Spoke with Andy, e-mailed and example of what we wanted and got a decent price quote.  Luckily Andy and one of his fellow artist (David?) had openings available the next day for 5 of us.  That 5 turned into 7 guys getting the Military Intelligence Insignia.  Facility was extremely clean and comfortable.  Definitely glad I YELPED!
4 ANDY :D did the work on my arm and I was more than satisfied with the outcome. I believe they specialize in the "old school" art style and at first I was a little skeptical since I'm not a big fan of that paticular style, but once I showed him what I was looking for, he was able to incorporate a great piece of work, as most people would agree. I cant wait till I get another one and I'll be sure to hit Andy up again.   I have to add that for the size of my tattoo and the time it took to complete it (3 hours), Andy gave me an awesome deal, in fact he asked ME what I thought it was worth, I could have said $100 and he wouldve taken it, but of course, I thought it was a masterpiece, so I paid what I thought was decent and gave him a $50 tip. Everybody happy :D
4 ANDY no longer works at this location and now lives in Seattle, WA.. :(
5 super clean shop, great staff. had a wonderful  experience getting many hours of pain inflicted. all worth it. each one of the staff excels at their craft. definitely worth their weight in gold!
5 Clean, professional and friendly shop. The work that comes out of here is showroom quality! One of the best shops in Las Vegas with some of THE best artists.
4 Way off strip in Vegas,..probably a 1/8 the price of the those tattoo joints on the strip. 2 good sized tats, 1 a cover-up and I barley spent over a C-note. Don't let the prices fool you there is gooness going on here. ...Call first, I don't think they do walk-ins.
5 This was my first tattoo. I had such a good experience i'm already saving my pennies to go back. Although it was my first time IN the chair i've been in many shops here in town....and this was the cleanest and most relaxing one by far. Aaron did my work and he is not only an awesome artist but an awesome guy to chat with. During my four sessions there i saw a lot of the other artists work and i must say you could walk in with a blindfold on and pick a door and you'll be happy with whatever artist you get.   The best part of the whole experience is knowing i got top quality work at a great price. people i know that have been getting tattoos for longer than i've been alive say my tattoo looks amazing and i get a lot of "i'm jealous" comments.
5 Great place and clean shop. I have been going to Jessie since 2008 she is wonderful and sadly moved to Oregon. Thankfully she still comes back every so often to finish pieces. When people ask me where I get my work done I tell them Showroom an always recommend any of the other artists because they're all so great. And the prices are VERY reasonable for the quality of work that comes out of here. It is kind of hidden though, on top of a foot massage parlor do make sure you keep your eyes up when going there.
5 My husband and I both wanted to get some ink and knew that we didn't want to go to a pretentious and overpriced place on the strip.  After asking a friend of mine who's in the business in San Fransisco, he said to come here - and I'm REALLY glad that we did.    We showed up on Wednesday afternoon and asked when we both might be able to come in for an appointment.  Jake said that even though he normally has the weekend off, he'd be happy to come in just for us on Sunday afternoon to make sure we could get our tattoos before catching our flight at 7pm.  Wow, really?  He'd come in on a day off for us?  Done and done!    It was a great experience right from the start.  Jake was incredibly friendly and we chatted for the whole process of getting both of my tattoos done, then I went and sat on the couch with Sadie (the absolutely adorable shop dog) while I waited for my husband to get his tattoo done.    This is a very professional shop with exceptionally reasonable prices and completely top-notch artists.  I'll be going back for another the next time we're in Vegas!  Thanks Jake!
5 went to see Jake last week on a referral first tattoo..he was professional, relaxed and very helpful..offered me different alternatives on my design choice - he knows his stuff - Showroom is a cool, clean, hip place to get your work done!
5 This is my first Yelp review and I'm pleased to be reviewing this amazing shop!  So here goes nothing!  Ever since moving to Las Vegas I have been digging deep, and researching tattoo shops intensely because I have been itching for more ink.  I finally got tired of just looking at stuff on the internet so I went and checked out about four shops on a Saturday.  Showroom tattoo was the first place I stopped at that day.  The place is amazing looking and very clean!  We were acknowledged immediately upon walking in and pointed towards the artists portfolios once they knew we were just looking around.  All the artists work here is amazing looking, I would feel comfortable getting tattooed by anyone here.  I specifically liked Aaron's work because of a black and gray rose he had done.  I inquired about talking to Aaron about a similar tattoo on my elbow.  He was not there that day so I was told to leave a note on his door (each artist has their own little room with a door, really cool set up) which I did.  He got back to me the following day and we chatted for a bit and I decided to just drive back there after work and talk to him in person.  Aaron was very helpful and interested in the ideas I had, and before I knew it I had a $50 deposit down and an appointment for Saturday!  After a much anticipated wait, Saturday came and it was time to get my black and gray rose on my elbow.  The tattoo came out better than I anticipated and I am very satisfied!  I will most defiantly be returning to Showroom tattoo for more work, most likely by Aaron, but I wouldn't mind trying out any of the other artists.  * ATTENTION MILITARY * !!  Aaron is the man to talk to if you're military/law enforcement/fire fighter.  He is extremely pro military and his room is decked out in military memorabilia, it's awesome!  Being in the Air Force, talking with Aaron was easy to do and we had some common interests..  Again, Showroom is an amazing shop but if you're military, give Aaron a shot!
5 Just got my 1st tattoo here. The place is everything a first timer would seem to want. I got inked by Gianni. I went in the afternoon and told him what I wanted. He found a way to fit me in the schedule that night being that I was flying out the next day. Though the appointment was pushed back a couple times I had no problem with it being that he was basically going to be working later than normal to fit me in. The studio is clean and nice. As well seem to be one of the better priced studio's in the area.  All the artist have a book you can go through to see what they have previously done. It took about an hour for Gianni to sketch out my tat. After that in almost no time it was on my arm. Really no pain at all. It was a enjoyable experience all the way around and I will plan to be back in a few months to get my addition to the tattoo I now have.
4 I just received a tattoo from Chris yesterday evening, and I'd say that it was a good experience overall (as good as getting a needle with ink drilled into your body can be, that is!).    The shop is BEAUTIFUL- super clean, nice, comfortable. Although I initially stopped by without an appointment, one thing that I really appreciated was that I was immediately acknowledged as soon as I walked in the door.  This is something that doesn't always happen at tattoo shops, so it meant a lot to me.  I was actually coming to see if I could meet with Serene, but she was out to lunch, so I browsed through the other artists' books while I waited. It turned out that Serene is fully booked for several months, but since the first piece I wanted was relatively small and straightforward, she walked me down to Chris.  One other thing that was great about this shop is that each of the artists have individual rooms--with DOORS!! So, if you're getting a tattoo in a sensitive area, or just don't want every passer-by to see what you're doing, you can have some privacy.  Chris was very nice, and able to schedule me for the next afternoon.  He sent me a text asking if we could push back the appointment a couple of hours. The OCD side of me flinched, but it ended up being fine.  He was running a bit behind, but was able to start drawing my piece and get going without too long of a delay after I arrived.  We went through a couple of drafts, and sizes, and he was super patient with me and not at all bothered when I wanted something changed. I really felt like he wanted me to be pleased with the finished product- especially since it is permanent!  I still will be back for my bigger piece with Serene, but I'm pretty sure I'll be back to get another piece from Chris! (and they take credit cards!). I felt that pricing was very fair- not overpriced like some shops can be.
5 Great shop clean and friendly artists. Bundy is an amazing tattooer.
5 I Went to Showroom Tattoo to get my first one ever on a recent trip to Vegas. I was very reluctant to go to a shop on the strip as they seem overpriced and I would question their quality. I was informed that since the artist will most likely only see that person once that there there isn't a real incentive to do an awesome job to have them be a loyal customer.   Okay so a 10 minute cab ride and I arrived at the shop which was in the Asian District. Very safe feeling, I actually arrived way too early so I took a 30 minute walk to kill time and it felt totally safe.  Then I went upstairs and met Andrea. She had lots of beautiful tattoos herself as well as a welcoming personality. She could tell that I had lots of beginner questions and was totally calming and didn't make me feel rushed at all. She had a nice smile and was an awesome communicator.   She got out the design that she came up that would go on my forearms. It was my twin daughters names on each forearm. I ABSOLUTELY COULN'T HAVE BEEN HAPPIER WITH IT. She is so talented and artistic. She told me all about her history as a tattoo artist as well as having multiple other jobs that involved art.  This is a great and clean place with tons of really cool art on the wall and a nice waiting area. I would recommend the business but especially Andrea.  She was so awesome, talented and made my experience a 10/10. I literally will travel to vegas in the future that next time that I want a tattoo as I wont be as happy with anyone else...I can already tell:)
5 Andrea was amazing!  We planned to get a tattoo months out, read good reviews on Showroom and booked appointments with Andrea.  Not only did she completely create the designs we wanted but she's a perfectionist.  She wasn't afraid to adjust the size and make recommendations to create the best art ever.  Both my husband and I were very happy with her ability and personality.  What a nice person!  We felt comfortable and trusted her completely.  It was all worth it!  We would definitely recommend her
5 I had the most amazing experience here! From the moment I walked in to make an appointment to the leaving with my beautiful tattoo! The staff was welcoming, friendly, accommodating, and talented! I looked around trying to find a place I felt comfortable going to and this was the only place I felt it. I felt like more than a paying costumer but part of the team. This was my first tattoo and I was so annoying about asking questions from cleanliness, care, what to expect, and different designs. They worked with me and answered everything truthfully! I would recommend everyone here!! Thanks Chris!
