2 Ok if you like a place to take the kids to have a party or play games this is the place for you.  Not as great as a chucky cheese but big enough to host a party of kids.  The pizza was mediocre at best.  And really the salad came in a pre portioned bowl like fast food.  Quite a disappointment really.  First time there and probably the last unless we take kids with us.  It was edible and proably up to par for children but just not that great reaslly
1 To say the pizza was not so great would be a compliment. I didn't go in to the business with high expectations to begin with since I realize that they cater to kids. I was looking for a quick and hopefully inexpensive pizza with the understanding that this wasn't a gourmet food chain. In my opinion though, the price should be a reflection of the quality, care and time that went into a product or menu item and this was not the case here. The pizza was horrible and for the same price or a couple bucks more get a gourmet pizza at a real Italian restaurant (or get 2 to 3 frozen pizzas that would be better tasting). Service wasn't any better than the food. I ordered two side salads with my pizza and was told they were out of them at the moment but they would come out with the pizza, I said OK. It seemed to be taking a long time for the pizza so I went to the pick up counter and asked "is there was any chance I could get my salads before the pizza?". The person behind the counter says "I can upgrade that to a garden salad which is twice the size, is that OK?", I said sure. He leaves and comes back with ONE garden salad. I said "I ordered two salads", he replies that "one garden salad is the same as two side salads you just split it". Oh, how nice of this person to assume the other person I'm eating with is comfortable enough to share out of the same bowl! Not cool! On another occasion I went to the the same counter to ask a question and the manager saw I was there and ignored me. I took about 40 minutes for them to get our pizza out and they were not that busy. I also witnessed many people go to the pick up counter to complain about their orders being wrong or taking taking to long in the time I was there. All in all bad food and bad service. This was my first and last visit. Date of visit 5/22/11
5 We have only had pleasant experiences here.  The place is kept very clean.  The pizza is pretty decent, too.  We usually go for the lunch buffet so for the price it is not bad at all.  I love the play area for kids who aren't really old enough for games.  My kids have a blast here and the people who work here have always been very friendly and welcoming.
4 Peter Piper Pizza is on of my favorite pizza places even though we don't eat here to often which is the reason for my four starts. I personally would give it five stars but my husband wouldn't agree. These are his reasons and I agree, but I believe its totally worth it. They don't deliver which makes it a little inconvenient their prices are pretty high compared to other pizza places that do deliver. Even though they don't have a lot of business they take a little long in making your pizza, but over all its always very good so the wait for me at least is OK sometimes. The pizza buffet is pretty much worth coming for especially since they let you take it as take out for the same price.
5 = = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  Ok, so you're over here in Buckeye & suddenly get the urge for some tasty Buffet!  What to do??     :-)  No problem, just whip into this nice mid-sized Peter Piper where today I joined a good crowd of cheery diners to pig out on some excellent pizza!  They were keeping about 8 pizzas on the hot table at a time, plus bread sticks and an excellent plus, covered cups of sauce right there to help yourself to without asking.  Nice!  I did go ahead & order a custom pizza:  Thin Crust, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, bacon, Jalepeño and Red Onion.  While nice Manager/Chef "Rey" was baking "my" pizza up, I went for a serving each of their three tasty tossed salads:  Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar and Mandarin Cranberry.  (Photo.)  No, I didn't mix them all together!  Sorry it looks like that in the photo.     :-O  Before too long my pizza was out of the oven and I ran over to get some of it.  Ok, most of it eventually...     :-)     and OMG, was it ever good!!  (Photo.)  It was easy to find a comfortable booth in the nice dining room here and the daytime light coming in is nice because most of the windows are on the north side.  It's an easy 5 Stars for this Peter Piper where everything was just right!     :-))  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $5.99/$5.39 Sr.
2 Incompetent manager that wasn't able to cancel an order on one card so it could be put on another card....luckily for this place there is no competition so their customer service can be as poor as they want it to be
