5 Wham Whitney Houston ELO Wings 10CC Kylie & Jason & Hall & Oates  Run by DJ and promoter Sean Rowley, Guilty Pleasures is a hugely successful, globe trotting club night where people are encouraged to shed their inhibitions and party to some of the biggest and brashest pop records committed to tape. Punters are encouraged to dress up in vintage clothes or fancy dress, knock back shots and dance to everything from  SA&W produced pop to soft rock and cod reggae.   For their residency at Edinburgh Fringe Festival, Guilty Pleasures have pulled out all the stops with 24 consecutive club nights. Housed in the fabulous Assembly spiegeltent on Princes Street Gardens, the night runs from 11.30pm - 2.30am with deejay sets from Rowley and Anna Greenwood. Hell, there's even a confession booth with a resident party priest, synchronised dancers and live performance art and dancing from comedic troupe Hot Gusset.   What more could you want? Other than some decent records?!
3 "What's that?" "Not sure, looks like..." "Surely not..."  Yeah you totally called it. A man, in a thong, make-up-gunned, dancing on stage to '80s pop. A guilty pleasure? Maybe for him. Alas, not one of mine.   But then, when you're half cut who cares? I had a whale of time here. They play the all the music you really love to listen to but you're not allowed because it's cheesy and not cool. I'm talking synth-pop, glam-rock, disco, Toto (yes Toto), eye-poppin', jaw-droppin' unadulterated fun. All that stuff plus so much more, emancipated every night from 11.30pm-2.30am.  They say it's free from irony and cynicism, which is isn't. It's also £10, which is a lot of money to spend on listening to music in an ironic way. However, they put on a good show. Each night has a different theme to the last. There are dancers, Djs, fun and games. Oh, and men in thongs....
3 Let's not kid ourselves here, there is a fair bit of pretension kicking about Edinburgh during festival month, and I don't have a problem with that. No arts festival would be complete without it. Oddly enough though, one of the most self-absorbed and snide events of the whole shebang is one that goes to every length to inform you that it's exactly the opposite.  Listening to cheesy music, and knowing it's bad but still dancing anyway sadly isn't quite as wittily ironic as many deem it to be. It's just a lazy attempt at looking clever. Fair play to the organisers though, who have managed to exploit a section of the arthouse brigade for 10 of their parentally-donated pounds every night of the week throughout the festival. It doesn't even take any effort, just turn up. play terrible music, and watch the crowds bask in the glow of self-satisfaction.  The Flashdance tune is actually a briliant track, so I don't like to see them take the mick.
