5 Can't say enough good things about Scott Smith and his team at Academy Mortgage.  Scott was the last loan officer I sat down with prior to accelerating the purchasing process and I was very fortunate that we crossed paths.  Scott is ridiculously knowledgeable on the various types of loans and what properties to employ them on (be it a standard fha, fha 203k, conventional, types of loans for flips, etc), which gave me an upper hand once I was ready to pull the trigger on a property.  The best part about working with Scott is that he takes the time to explain all of the working parts of each loan; clarity that was refreshing as this was my first home purchase.  He truly works to build a relationship so that you'll be a repeat client.  Scott has definitely earned my future business, and I already recommend him to all of my friends/family.
5 I was really glad that I had the opportunity to work with Scott Smith when we were trying to figure out our mortgage options.  What I really appreciated is that Scott asked us what our long term financial goals and plans were.  Instead of just jumping into loan options, he spent the time understanding our goals to help us make an educated decision about what mortgage options would be best  to fit those goals. Scott was very focused on understanding the timing of everything and making sure that we got all of our paper work done quickly and accurately.  It was great working with him and when we need another loan I know who I will be coming back to work with again!!  I highly recommend him.
5 Scott was amazing during the process of purchasing our condo in Scottsdale! Using a VA loan can be challenging, but Scott made the process smooth. Scott showed that he's not your usual mortgage lender. We saw that he was truly interested in & believed in us on a personal level. The difference that made in our comfort level throughout todays sometimes daunting mortgage process can not be overstated. Simply put; Scotts' skills, experience & caring are rare attributes that set him apart from other lenders! THANK YOU, SCOTT. We love our new place, and you & your wonderful team made it possible! :)
5 As a realtor, I have to have dependable lenders that can get the job done.  Last year alone, Scott managed to secure financing for three of my clients with very complex and difficult situations. Without Scott, none of these deals would have closed. He is equipped to handle all I bring to him.
5 Jon Miller and his team, totally rocked in assisting me with the purchasing of my new town home.  I am so gratetful to have worked with him.  I can't say enough good things about him and Academy Mortgage.  He kept me calm and made sure I understand everything that was going on from start to finish.  Thanks so much Jon!
