4 When we moved to San Tan Valley in October 2009, I didn't realize how SOL I was as an avid reader. A sad fact about San Tan Valley/Pinal County is the sheer lack of libraries. The closest libraries to our new house were the Apache Junction library (yuck and talk about a lousy selection) or Florence (a 30+ minute drive).   Finally, after 5 months of whining about the Pinal County library situation and the fact that the Queen Creek Library is only 5 miles from our house but that I couldn't use it without paying a yearly fee of $50, I sucked it up and paid the fee.  The Maricopa County Library District (of which Queen Creek Library is a part) rocks! There are 17 libraries across Maricopa that this District runs and you can have any book, audiobook, movie, CD, etc transferred to your home library for no charge. Although the QC Library isn't that large, the potential list of titles you can have transferred is awe-inspiring.  I also recommend checking out the book shop inside the library as they have a great selection of lightly used books for super cheap. The staff is very friendly!  The building itself is very beautiful and they have chairs and couches scattered throughout for lounging and reading.
3 I agree with the former. We also moved to San Tan Valley. However, we moved in Jan 2007. We were very excited about the Queen Creek library and we went only to discover we needed to pay.   This library was funded by a Federal grant.  Their current operations may be funded by taxes but the initial funding for the library did come from a rather large Federal grant - at least according to the Insider magazine. However, we cannot use the library without paying.   We opted to try these other offerings:  Florence library, a small room with very little selection  Coolidge library, a little better but again a distance from the house   Johnson Community library - This is not a library. I believe I have as many books in my garage. The clerk did not know what a periodical was when I asked for the periodicals section and they stated we took a book out that we did not. The staff does not consist of librarians and they really do not know what they are doing.    We would never consider AJ. Scary area and have encountered/witnessed some discrimination against Asians, Hispanics and African Americans there first hand.  Read my review about Mediacom for more info on AJ!
