3 Adventure is the spice of life. So are peppers so hot they burn you twice. Such is the lesson learned at Los Reyes de la Torta, located in an otherwise unremarkable part of West Indian School, where nary a white boy doth travel. However, I found myself in the neighborhood when my employer asked me to take my car on our courier route to retrieve bank transactions for customers who otherwise wouldn't be able to make it into a branch. I love my job. I love my job. I love my job...  But I digress.  This location has a menu nearly identical to the Seventh Street location, except it's almost exclusively in Spanish. It's times like this I wish I was bilingual. However, the carne asade quesadilla I ordered was good with tender strips of beef; the chips were okay and the salsa was delightfully spicy and fresh. My server was exceptionally polite and tried to communicate with me, despite the language barrier.  It's hard to say if I'd make this a destination or not. Chances are, since I rarely travel to this area I'd only go back if worked called me out to this area.
4 Los Reyes De La Torta is a restaurant I heard about from watching Man Vs Food. I saw the host eat a "Torta del Rey" and I thought to myself "That is something I NEED to try". For those who are not familiar with the torta, it is a like a sandwich in the sense that it is meats and veggies in between two breads. The bread is referred to in spanish as a "telera" which is a wide and long bread. The torta del rey is stuffed with beans, pork, breaded steak, ham, an egg, a wiener, chorizo, monterey jack cheese, avocado, onion, tomato and a salsa that is spicy. I had to take the torta to go and I had to eat it about 30 minutes after I ordered it but it was still very tasty. The only downside is that by the time I ate it, the bread was already soggy as you would expect with all the ingredients but it was well worth it. The torta came with an order of fries but they were not that good, hell, even if they were good, I still wouldn't have been able to finish them as I was only able to eat half of the torta before I got full.   As for the restaurant, there was nothing to really scream about. The restaurant was plain and had no booths or anything, just a bunch of table spread out around the place. The menus were in all spanish and the person who took my order spoke to me in spanish so you may have a language barrier when you go to this location. I also did not see any fountain drinks at the restaurant, all I saw was a fridge that had cans and bottles of soda. When I did ask for soda, I was served a can of Coke.   I gave the restaurant 4 stars for the flavor of the torta alone. If you are someone like me who carries a "spare tire" around your midsection, try the torta out, you will love it. As a coworker of mine once said "Live life....... to its fattest" :)
5 This has now become my favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.I saw this place on Man vs Food and thought I would give it a try. The way I look at it, if a Mexican restaurant is full (and I mean full) of Mexican people, the food has to be good and I was not disappointed. The restaurant is nothing special, just a bunch of tables in a huge room. The server was very polite and seated us immediately. She brought us some fresh tortilla chips and probably some of the best salsa I have tasted. I ordered the torta Del Rey which was absolutely fantastic. It was so filling I could not finish it. I also had the mango licuados which was exactly like I tasted in Mexico. I will definitely go back and try some of their other great looking items. Try it out, you won't be disappointed. There is also another location on 7th Ave.
4 The habanero salsa is so good. They also have these mini ceviche tostadas for .99 and they are really good. The torta milaneza ( breaded strips of tenderized beef) is my fave. All of their juices are really good too! Speaking spanish is a plus when it comes to ordering.
4 The first thing to know about this Los Reyes location is that it is quite different from the one on 7th St!  It's a different menu here, for starters!  I had my heart set on my usual, a "Torta Norteña, & a 99 cent Ceviché.  They don't have those things here, so I settled for the nearest looking sandwich, a "Mexican Torta".  (My server did say the ownership is the same as the Sunnyslope location.)  Anyhow, here's how it was for me here today:  *  This is a good sized place, & I managed to find both a parking space & a comfortable table inside to land at, even though they were ROARING BUSY!  *  My nice server almost immediately brought me a big basket of tortilla chips & two kinds of salsa, medium & hot!  Both were good.  (They don't even serve tortilla chips at Sunnyslope.)  *  I ordered, & it took a little while for my sandwich to arrive, but as I said, they were super busy!  No problemo.  Meanwhile, I ate about half of my chips, & Señorita brought me ANOTHER big basket of them, & more salsa!  *  My torta arrived, & it was BIG & DELICIOUS!  It comes with a side salad, which included some pimento & cucumber slices, lime halves, lettuce, & a fried quarter onion.  All this was good too (&  DID remind me of the other location).  *  Gripes?  THREE TVs blabbing out a show in Spanish, fairly loud, & this place was noisy to begin with.  SO?  ...I didn't care as much for the menu here as Sunnyslope, & the TVs were a bit of a nuisance, but with that said, I still think this is an very good place to eat, & the value was AMAZING at only $6.50 for everything!     :-))
4 We came in search of an epic Torta.  My husband ordered the big one which had like 5 different kind of meats on it.  The bread was fresh and crunchy and the sandwiches just melted in your mouth.  the service was fast and friendly!  Don't be alarmed that it is out in the boonies, it is great!
4 Yummy for the tummy. I was told to try this one to avoid the gringos invading the Sunnyslop location. Mission accomplished.
4 I know in some cultures, food is envisioned as a symbol of affection.  And if that's the case, the Del Rey at Los Reyes de la Torta must really be a symbol of love, because it was stupidly gigantic.  Honestly, I wasn't even that hungry when I went.  It was just nearby, and I didn't want to have a trip out to Phoenix without trying a torta, so I went, figuring like most other foods, I can power it down like the fatty fat fat I occasionally am.  After driving past several adult entertainment establishments and businesses in Spanish on an unflattering section of Indian School Rd., I found myself at Los Reyes, and was fortunate to find a parking space immediately up front like a rockstar.  Upon entering, it's a expansive floor filled with tables and booths.  A stage indicates that this place probably clears the tables out and is a makeshift dance club of some sort on off-hours.  Regardless, I'm seated promptly, and given chips and salsa right away.  Despite not speaking much beyond a lick of Spanish, I get an attractive waitress that understands our plight and mercifully converses with us in English.  I order a Del Rey, after being told that the King Carlos V is only available at the other location.  Which turned out to be for the best, because when the Del Rey arrived, I feared what could possibly have made a Del Rey even bigger to mutate into an abomination of a King Carlos?  Have you ever played a video game where you think you're doing good, but then you get to the second-to-last boss, and he turns out to beat your ass and you never actually get to see what the final boss even looks like?  That's what the Del Rey was.  It was a monstrosity of meat, eggs, cheese and more meat, smashed between two pieces of bread.  The french fries on the side almost are all individually laughing at you, as if to say "you won't eat us, because you won't even finish that MF'ing sandwich!"  I didn't realize what I had gotten myself into.  Fearlessly, or recklessly, I plowed in, and devoured one half of my torta.  It was fantastic.  I debated on whether or not I should even try the second half, to which my friend called me a (lady part) and dig in, to which I obviously had to.  In the end, the bread remained, and I ended up messing it up and making it look like it was eaten somewhat before I threw in the towel.  The fries all remained, laughing at me.  It would have been better off taken to go, and handed out the window to the homeless guy that was hanging out on the exit ramp near my hotel.   Conclusively, it was a sandwich worthy of feeding four people, for just about $9.  Absurd bang for the buck.  It was made fresh and tasted great, but obviously I was ill-prepared for the experience.  Even on an empty stomach, I probably would have failed to finish it.  I can't believe there's something more epic than this, in the King Carlos.  Staff was all quick, and polite to a non-Hispanic like me, and the location might be sketchy, but it's easy to get to.  I do want to go back if/when I make it back to Phoenix some day.
5 We pulled into Los Reyes just before noon after an all nighter, flight and roaming around the less than desirable neighborhoods of Phoenix; all because we were riding the Man v. Food bandwagon.   Not sure about the other location, but this had quite the dive-y feel to it that I love. Menu was exclusively in Spanish which wasn't too hard to decipher, but made me happy we had our amiga with us.   I had a feeling this place was going to be good, but became ever more excited when our Mexican friend started getting excited at the authenticity of the menu compared to the food she enjoys when in Mexico.   Everything was fresh and everybody was VERY happy with their meal. I somehow finished off a giant torta despite being full half way through because the flavor was so amazing.   No alcohol and while a beer would have been great, it definitely shouldn't keep you from going for a nice binge.
4 Had about 2 hours of fun at the phx MVD and thought i would reward myself for dealing with that, so I yelped what was near and guess what shows up! I had no idea they had more locations, i thought it was only the one from man v food...   Walked in and first thing that happens is that im welcomed by the owner... I ask for a recommendation, and he recommends El Rey ( The King) Its a big torta so I opted for the smaller Especial... the same sandwich except without the egg  , chorizo, and sausage omlette! I also got a agua de pina (fresh pineapple juice)... legit! I would go back for that alone... the torta was big.... maybe to big... but hey... man v food did go there for the challenge so expect it!    The torta was good, had different cuts of pork in it and i think a slice of breaded beef! The neighborhood could be considered not desirable, but get over it, the place is fine... i usually judge a place based on whether or not i would return... for the food, service, and atmosphere.  The answer is yes, i am going back to try some other stuff on their menu, the service was quick and the waitresses were nice, the food was good especially the juices, and the atmosphere was whatever... but yes i will return to get me some fuel soon!
4 If Dagwood Bumstead was Mexican, the Torta Del Rey would be his sandwich of choice. It has ham, cheese, pork sirloin, milanesa, sausage, chorizo, eggs, avocado, jalapenos, onions and tomato (hold for me). Whew! All of that comes on a soft telera with a side of fries, plus chips and salsa for around $9. Sound like a deal? It gets better because it's enough for two meals. I ate the first half for lunch at the restaurant and the second half for dinner at my hotel in El Paso, some 430 miles later. The second time around was even better - the sandwich ingredients had all that time to intermingle, kind of like a day old burrito. Yum.  And be sure to get extra tomatillo salsa. It's the one that comes with the torta, not the salsa they serve with the chips. One taste and you'll want to drink the stuff straight from the bowl!
4 Just like a lot of other people, I wanted to try this place out since I seen them on Man vs Food! Now they are on the Best Sandwich in America contest, I really wanted to see what this place was all about! I went there during my lunch hour, 1st thing is they got me in and out of there really fast! Service was very fast and very courteous. The only thing I did not like was when it got slow, all of the girls who works there, had nothing to do. So they all huddled together and started to chat! I pretty sure management would rather have them use their time better. I ordered their Reyes torta! Only because this was their iconic sandwich, it was pretty good! But for me it was just to much ingredients! I want to go back and just try a simple one item torta! The Reyes has beef, pork, ham, chorizo, eggs, hot dogs, etc.., I can just go on forever! Again, it was a good sandwich, but I am more of a simple sandwich person. Their salsa for their chips were awesome! Nothing I had before, great taste, with a little fire! I'll let you know how my second visit go's! But yes! If you have not tried this place, it's a must visit place!!
4 Their sister restaurant was on man vs food and is in a little better location but the food is just as good as the original. If you get the del Rey Torta they will serve it with French fries rather than chips at the original location. May want to split the del Rey Torta with someone
4 I flew into town and decided to head over for the famous los reyes torta.  I've been to the one on 7th st after it being on the food network.  Both have great torta, chips and salsa.  The menu is huge and the selection can satisfy anyones craving.  Great place to come hang out and have some authentic Mexican food.  I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town
4 El milanesa sandwicho es muy bueno!  That was my inner Spanish-speaking voice said after eating the breaded steak sandwich at Los Reyes de la Torta (which, loosely translated means "Reyes of the Sandwich").  I tried a couple of other sandwiches too (thank you for that opportunity, Groupon!)... but my inner voice was not nearly as pleased with those sandwiches as it was with the milanesa.  On a different note, I was approached in the parking lot by a homeless-looking man asking for change... but I don't hold that against this place, as I am sure he was just trying to scrounge up enough pesos to afford a milanesa sandwich to go with his 40 oz Dos Equis!    !Arriba arriba!
2 We went there cuz was recommended on one of the food shows.  Aside from alot of food, I was really not impressed.  Was just so much and flavor got all mixed together.  Very good service.  But will also cause a heart attack if go too often.    And we also got a mango drink.  Was in this hug glass.  But too sweet for my taste bud.
4 Food was good and plentiful.
4 Amazing food, and cheap too.  Located anywhere else, this place would be asking triple for what they are charging...which is why I think this place is even more of a find and why its consistently busy.  You know it's good mexican food...when this is where the mexican's go to eat.  (And I don't mean that in any derogatory sense at all)   When you find authentic food in anywhere I can appreciate that.    Missing the 5th star because the parking is atrocious and surrounding businesses do not accommodate whatsoever.   Also no bar....which is not a bad thing I guess and maybe I sound like a lush, but I would have liked to have a drink or two with my meal.  Smoothies were ridiculously good though so no harm, no foul.
5 I'm closer to the 7th street location but I will go out of my way to get a tastier experience & better service. This location now has a matching menu & they actually serve chips & salsa. The salsa is 5 stars on its own. The juices are better here too, watermelon is my favorite.
4 Who doesn't like a Torta once in awhile? The inside at this location has a giant eating area for families and then some and is decorated with lots of fun colors. There are several TV's that you can stare at while zoning out to your special occasion. Interestingly festive music envelopes the room. I think I even saw a small stage with speakers. Hmmm?  Giant menu with lots of different items and pictures to choose from if you are not in the mood for a Torta. I'm hungry already!  Free salsa and chips arrive at the table instantly and are very tasty. I did the Man vs Food last time and it took me over the edge. This time ordered the Nortena de Res which is steak with onions & jalapenos with chipotle sauce, melted cheese, refried beans, tomato, avocado, & chipotle dressing. I always enjoy the fresh radishes and cucumbers served as a garnishment.  Service was quick and friendly. I liked the way the inside was so clean. Even saw someone doing some touch ups on the front window which is always good. Just need a pinata to whack full of candy as you leave for giggles. They are so much fun. Enjoy!
3 Been to the one on Dunlap(ish) and 7th street. And i definitely like that one better. The tortas are both good, it's just they prepare some food a little differently. or it tasted like it.  Obviously i didnt have them side by side (that would be a heart attack waiting to happen), but from memory that's what sprang up.  A little far out of the way for me to go back to.  Good prompt service.
4 Good, authentic mexican food in the hood.
3 We just visited last night with the whole family, that means, with our 3 kids, and surprisingly it was almost empty when we got there. We've been to the other location many times, the one in Sunnyslope, and it is always crowded there, so here we were greeted with the openness of the place, we liked that.    People started coming in, at the end of our meal it was almost full, but you could still walk between the rows of tables and chairs, no problem. The down side is, that maybe because it's not so busy as the other location, ingredients are being made way ahead and don't taste as fresh, like the corn tortillas for the quesadillas, or the "chicharrón prensado", they tasted dryer then expected. Nevertheless, it good, not great, but good all around. We ordered from the "Aguas Frescas" section, those are always super-good, when the fruit they use are ripe. I had the Cremosa de Fresa, hubby ordered a cremosa de Piña, my son ordered the Agua de Mango, and the younger ordered sodas. On our food order we had a Quesadilla de Chicharrón Prensado al estilo Rey (huge serving of corn quesadilla with Chicharrón, covered with creme, cilantro and onions), Pambazo de Chicharrón Prensado (Telera bread filled with the chicharrón and cheese, and then the whole torta is covered with their red sauce, it's messy to eat, but taste so good!), Large carne asada quesadilla, with a side of pico de gallo, avocado and beans, and finally, a Milanesa de Pollo (Chicken Milanese), this one with a side of rice and beans. It was a lot of food, but we tried our best to polish the plates! We recommend it, even if it wasn't exactly how we are used to, maybe it was just a fluke, it was a slow day for them. I would go back just for the drinks!!
5 This restaurant has some pretty GOOD TORTAS....MMMM MMMM MMMM...THAT'S ALL I CAN SAY....they're delicious and very worth it. They're prices are decent, the girls have great customer service and very friendly....i wish i could of stayed there to eat but i was too tired so i got it to go. Not only is the food great but fast also.....next time i will relax and have a margarita while i wait for my food.....
4 Again, upon Adam Richman's heels...    As a continued fan of "Man vs Food" and after having bookmarked a few of Adam's noted, Phoenician eateries--Chompie's, Alice Cooper'stown, and Los Reyes de la Torta--I saddled up, traversed over 350 sun-scorched miles, and with extreme prejudice negotiated terms of surrender with a literal powerhouse of a Mexican sandwich--one piled high, layered thick, and respectfully ordained "Del Rey."  ¡Muy delicioso!  Ham, melted cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, refried beans, hot dogs, omelet, chorizo, tomato, onion, avocado, chipotle sauce: all hail the King!  Ok, it's true, I may be a bit biased--after all, who am I to contradict Adam?--but unwavering confidence and grandeur shoulder this reigning torta.  My job, put simply: tossing confetti.  How am I doing?  =]  The rundown:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7KjOMCauQYI.  (By the way, I visited the West Indian School Rd. location, while Adam opted northward to Sunnyslope's haunt on North 7th St.)  What was even better was being treated like kings, ourselves, while we were there.  We really were.  The service was supreme!  My only regret was not taking a picture of the Elvis statue in the window!  Yes, the King himself.  But I'll get it next time.  Trust me.  Adam...lead on!
5 My husband and I absolutely love this place! Pretty good service and the food is fresh and delicious and authentic. Big portions and a very colorful decor. We are repeat customers.
3 I had a late lunch with my daughter today at this place. Decided to try it since I keep hearing good things about their food.  We were there around 2:PM and place was almost empty.  We were seated right away and a waitress brought us chips and salsa and took our drinks orders. Chips tasted fresh and salsa was good it only needed a bit of salt to my taste. In fact everything we ate needed salt.  I order a creamy strawberry agua fresca to drink and my daughter got a Dr. Pepper (can they don't have fountain drinks).  My agua fresca was super good!! So good we ended up ordering one to go after we were done with our lunch!!! I must add this was the best part of my meal!!!!  My daughter order from the kids menu a quesadilla; she asked to replace carne asada with chorizo; which by the way came with beans and rice as side dishes.  Her beans were great and rice was ok.  I'm guessing her quesadilla was great cause I didn't get to try it as fast as she ate it.   I order a corn quesadilla with chicharron El King style.  The corn tortilla is handmade and super delicious. I didn't like the chicharron so much but maybe cause I'm not used to that type of flavor. It was a bit too strong.  So almost half way I decided to take the chicharron out and eat the corn tortilla with the extra toppings (sour cream, queso fresco, onions and cilantro). My quesadilla came along with ice berg salad which by the way looked so old I didn't even attempted to eat it.    I gave them three stars because the place look clean, waitresses were kind and very efficient and I didn't have to wait too long for my drinks or food. But everything we ate including the three different kind of salsas they brought to the table needed lots of salt. I must add that I usually don't add extra salt to my meals but this time I just had to or my food wouldn't had taste like anything.    I'll definitely go back and give it another try. Most of all because the the Aguas Frescas!!!
5 I have not had many tortas in my time, but that was a mistake that now needs to be corrected on a monthly basis or so. This location is really not meant for gringos as I was greeted in Spanish and even asked for my order in espanol, but most staff are bi-lingual. It is just a matter of whether they feel like talking in English. Still, they all were very nice and smiled alot and the food was great. The menu is large, but I had to try the famous torta's and I ended up with a safe choice for a rookie. It was sliced thin well done steak with guac and mexican cheese and a dash of chipotle sauce on that great soft bun. Torta came with ruffles chips and they also served Mexican chips and a red salsa (which was good) prior to the meal. This was a good sandwich, all the flavors made every bite a joyous thing. Some excellent Mexican music in the background and a $10 check (with can of soda) made this trip into the barrio a successful one.
