2 Two stars is probably a bit harsh but, oh well.  The other night I told my man I was taking him out to dinner because I had a hankering for some Dionika.  We joked that we would finally decide to go there again and it would be closed or something.  Well we were right, it was closed.    But, it was 7:00 on a Friday night and we were hungry, in the mood to eat out and didn't want to go far, so my guy suggested Pierre Victoire.  I can't remember what it used to be called but apparently it used to be French tapas, and tapas were definitely what we were in the mood for.  Unfortunately in the metamorphosis to Pierre Victoire they threw out the tapas in favour of standard full sized fare.  Shortly after arriving we were seated by a couple of lovely French waitresses and were brought a very small *free* starter of polenta, which was very very nice.  We ordered proper starters of the fish soup and shrimp and vegetable tempura.  I didn't try the soup but the tempura was lovely, if a bit large for a starter (though I always think starters are too large).  For our mains my boyfriend had the fish of the day, I believe, and I had the lightly curried Salmon fish cakes.  The fish of the day came with a random cooked oyster which just seemed unnecessary and the fish cakes came with chips.  Chips?  Fish cakes and chips?  It seemed like quite a lot of potato as the fish cakes were beefed out with potato.  Don't get me wrong, it was all tasty but the fish cakes would really have gone much more nicely with a salad.  Having said that I'm sure I could have asked for a substitution and it wouldn't have been a problem.    At the end of our meals (I couldn't even finish mine) we couldn't face coffee or dessert, and settled up.  After dinner my guy asked me if I would go back.  I thought for a minute and decided that no, I wouldn't.  He agreed.  Neither of us could quite put our finger on it but I think that it was a combination of the food being fine - nothing special - and the atmosphere being ok- not great- that just left both of us thinking that there are so many other amazing restaurants in the city, why go back?
1 We were really looking forward to lunch at Pierre Victoire  I used to go for lunch often when it was in Victoria Street years ago ...  I couldn't be more disappointed ! We were led to a dingy table in a very warm downstairs and then forgotten about !  From sitting down it took 1 hour 45 minutes for our main meals to arrive !.We had only ordered 1 starter and that took about an hour to come ! When our main meals did arrive 2 arrived and the third didn't arrive until the other 2 had finished eating ! Not very sociable .... When my monkfish did arrive it was over cooked and without the promised sauce ! It did come with a very large portion of potatoes though ! Not a cheap option at £15.95 !   When we told the staff we were unhappy with the service - Pierre Levicky did come to the table but we were  told that he was sure that we had waited this long for food in other restaurants and made to feel we were making a fuss about nothing.  We didn't end up paying for our meal but only after Mr Levicky had thrown the bill at us   Not really the relaxing sunday lunch we had planned  We will not be returning and wouldn't recommend to  others  I will just have to content myself with fond memories of days gone by in Victoria Street
5 This is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. I go with my Mum on a bimonthly basis when we want to go somewhere affordable, enjoyable and hassle-free. The French bistro fare is absolutely lovely.   The menu changes on a frequent basis. I have never been for dinner, but the lunch menu is always excellent value for money and offers absolutely brilliant grub. There are specials on chalk boards on the wall so make sure to check out what's available.   The very pleasant and helpful serving staff will give you a free small entree to get you started while you choose your main course. I've always had salads, breads and there have been sausage and vegetarian type tapas nibbles too. There is a selection of oils and dipping sauces on the table for your bread etc.  I've enjoyed a variety of seafood and vegetarian dishes. One particularly good seafood pasta sticks in my mind, where a whole shrimp, complete with whiskers and claws, was presented on top of my plate. Brilliant!   My Mum usually opts for meatier options. She still raves about a lamb dish she had once, saying it's one of the nicest meals she's had for years.   The choice of desserts changes too, but we've always had great puddings here. All have a French twist, so I'd go for the creme brulee or cheese plate.   I'd highly recommend this restaurant for the relaxed atmosphere, friendly service and great food. It's far enough out of the city centre to be quiet and devoid of noisy crowds, and this is a bonus too. I've always had an excellent meal here, so I'd highly recommend it.
5 Zut alors...we went to France for a couple of hours.  It was a cold and damp Edinburgh morning, but once we were inside, we could have been in the Dordogne. (Well, so long as we didn't look out the window or listen to anyone around us)  The lovely waitress brought us a green salad, bread and some rosette de lyon salami while we decided what to eat. I could have just ordered more of that - everything was fresh and beautifully done.    There were lots of specials that all sounded good - but in the end we went for the fixed price lunch menu, because it all sounded delicious.  And it was. Everything just tasted of France - it was like being transported back to your best holiday ever. I had a bowl of fish and seafood chowder, while J had a rich, smooth terrine, followed by moules frites (me) and cassoulet. We were too full for desert, though there was a choice of apple and frangipane tart or cheese. Lunch came to an amazing £7.99 each, plus some coffee and wine.   Go! Allez! C'est delicieux!
5 It's difficult to review a French restaurant without sounding like, "I've been to France and I'm a wanker," but, well, I have been to France and I'm a . . . well, I'll let you be the judge.  I've walked past this place loads of times and thought it looked nice but it's a bit out of the way to go for dinner and there are plenty of other French restaurants so I never made the effort to come here. But the other week we were walking past and noticed they do a lunch menu (2 courses for £7.90 or 3 courses for £9.90) so we thought we should check it out for lunch one day.   The set lunch menu was brilliant. Salad, French salami (Rosette de Lyon), olives and bread on arrival (forgot to take a pic!). Then you have three choices of starter, three main options and a dessert or cheese to finish. I had (unidentified but delicious) terrine served with caramelised onions and tiny gherkins, then cassoulet, which is one of my favourite meals. There was no duck confit (there's a recession on, you know), but they replaced it with a meaty dumpling thing - yum. See photos for proof.  Gillian had seafood chowder and moules frites. Everything was delicious. Relaxed atmosphere, friendly service and even the espresso was good (not always the case in France or French restaurants!) Reasonably priced wine topped the whole thing off.   We'll definitely go back to sample the proper menu, but in the meantime two courses and coffee for two people, with appetisers, bread and salad and a bottle of wine, all done beautifully for £33, it's hard to think of a better lunch to be had in Edinburgh.
4 This can polarise opinion, so I imagine it suffers from the malaise of having good days and bad days (don't we all?!), but we had a fine time to ourselves on our visit. All dishes were very good, with the mussels probably the best I've sampled in the city.   Overall, we said: "it's fair to say that I was mightily impressed with the place. I'm not sure the artwork on the walls will be to everyone's taste, but that aside Pierre Victoire, much like its sister bistro, Chez Jules, is a top notch place. I'd recommend you pay it a visit, at your earliest convenience."
5 Great French food at very good prices. Nice relaxed atmosphere, friendly staff.  I love this place.  I work just round the corner and we treat ourselves to a nice lunch once a week and always end up coming here for the £7.99 2 courses lunch. Probably the best lunch deal in town. The menu regularly changes and offers the opportunity to try something different of some ol' French favourites.
4 I'd heard a lot about Pierre Victoire, from years ago but it certainly has made a comeback. I have passed the restaurant on Eyre Place on my lunch hour at work regularly but hadn't ventured in. In fact, I had ventured ito La Garrigue next door, which was excellent. However this is now shut down - I wonder if it was partly due to having another French restaurant right next door?  We were served gerghins, olives and salami with a fresh salad and crusty bed as we sat down. I ordered a rich, creamy mushroom and garlic starter served on the most sweet brioche - really delightful (and would have done nicely for a light lunch) - but as it was a client meeting, we went for main and desserts.  I went for the special chicken, with mustard, smoked bacon and mash - it was very succellent and delicious.  The trio of crepe suzette, sweet ice cream sorbet and chocolate souffle really was a delicious end to my meal, served alongside a lovely large glass of rose.  I'd like to come along one evening but I would definitely recommend - they have lots of set menu options which would be ideal if out with friends!
4 Great menu choices all at really good value and nice atmosphere. Lots of seafood on the menu and quite decent sized portions considering its a French place!
4 I love French food. Pierre Victoire reminded me why..  My husband and I had booked a table for lunch on Sunday afternoon and it was already quite busy when we arrived. I didn't know it was a special occasion for the restaurant, but they offered a 3 course meal from a set menu for only £5.90 to celebrate their 25 year anniversary. What a fantastic offer!  The service was very swift and efficient. They brought bread and butter to the table. I chose a starter of brioche with mushrooms and smoked salmon. It was creamy and quite rich, comfort food. My main course was slow cooked beef with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The meat was falling off, you could see it had enjoyed a long slow cook.  For dessert I had a chocolate mousse. It was so light and delicious.. Heaven on plate.  The service was so friendly. Despite it being so busy in the restaurant, they had time to ask customers whether they had enjoyed their food. And the waiter had a smile on his face. Also, the portion sizes were just right.  This is why I will return, to sample more of their offerings - soon :)
4 Last time was at a "Chez Pierre" this was in Chester - well over a decade ago and yes they still exist.  So when Anita A suggested we should visit here with one of the vouchers I was very keen to try them.  There's not many restaurants that can beat their efficiency and customer attention.   It is set on a corner location and is very easy to get to. The inside is muted and minimally decorated with a few art / posters on the brick walls. There is a certain familiar feel of 'been here before', which is pleasant and comfortable.  Table dressing is spartan and functional.  The kitchen is partly open an you have a great (or not so great) view of the serving area located behind butcher's chain-mail (no door) very clever and functional. It does add to the authentic feel of the place.    On arrival for our reserved time we were promptly greeted and seated.  When we advised we wanted to use the itison voucher we were explained that today was their 25th anniversary and they have a 3 course set meal for £5.90 pp instead. Which is waaaaaay cheaper than the itison deal!  To top this surprise we also received a complimentary drink (un Leffe pour moi!). *Salute!*  I chose a chicken pate to start with - very smooth - could have used extra toast - but the complementary baguette basket was great help in this.  For main I had chicken and french fries. No more no less. The chicken was tasty, succulent and nicely covered with a piece of bacon.  For dessert I had the lemon pie. It came out a bit crumbled, not well presented. Though the bottom of the pie was a bit underdone the taste was very good!  I enjoyed it and we are definitely going back next Sunday to use up our voucher :o)
5 Yet again, Pierre Levicky doesn't disappoint.   Top notch traditional French food. Chilled out atmosphere.  Great service.  Great lunch or dinner deals. Selection of specials.  Reasonably priced.   Definitely one of favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, and I'm not just saying that because I'm French!
4 I liked this place. There seemed to be a good choice of food and the staff were friendly and efficient. It was pretty quiet when I went in, but it had a nice ambience so it felt comfortable. My friend who I went with complained that they were too quick with their service but I'm not sure I could complain about that!! Surely that's a good thing. I probably didn't go for the most exciting thing on the menu but I'd definitely go back to check out the other options at some point.
3 We went last week to this little hub of activity.  We walked in and sat at our table, ordered drinks and our choices from the menu.  It was fairly busy, actually busting the seems.  I remember that when i booked over the phone the person who took my details asked if I had a itison Voucher.  That's why it was heaving! The weather was also splendid at 7pm, the sun was shining away!  Our food came and everything was delicious!  I had a smoked salmon on brioche with a creamy mushroom sauce to start and then had a Petite Steak and fries with pepper sauce for mains.  To follow suit I choose the Floating Island  (or îles flottantes) - A soft vanilla custard with floating clouds of poached meringue - delicious!  I could see the 2 waitresses trying to keep up with the kitchen, clearly they needed an extra pair of hands as the chefs in kitchen were pinging the bell furiously for service.  We had to ask for a water re-fill 3 times.  I don't blame the waitresses on this one but the management as they need to ensure that you need and extra member is staff is on at peak times especially when you have voucher on!  It's not fair on the waiting staff as customers (without or with vouchers) are left waiting.  The waitresses very nice and professional, the food was lovely but the constant bing of the service bell annoyed me.
4 This was our first time eating here and we were quite pleased with the food. Nice touch at the start when we got complimentary bread/butter as well as a small dish of olives and cured meat. The house wine was also very nice and reasonably priced. We had two items off their specials menu and aside from the look of my dish being a bit too brown overall (roasted monkfish with mussels and chorizo), it tasted very nice. My husband's lamb shank was very good, tender and tasty.
4 Nipped in here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon, it was busy, I'm not surprised! the 2 or 3 course set menus seemed like great value, and it really was. Nice little salad, bread, olives and salami arrived free, which was a lovely  touch. The steak and fries with mushroom sauce  I had was delish, and the turkish delight icecream was good too.  With friendly efficient service, all in all it was a very enjoyable lunch.
5 Pierre Victoire is a Restaurant I can't wait to return to.  Before the starter I was served some bread, oil and   The Mussels starter was simply delicious, although it's appearance gave the impression it had been sitting around for a few minutes (the restaurant was very busy).  Main course was Rump steak in creamy pepper sauce. One of the very best steaks I have ever eaten, done just as I had requested and served in a very tasty creamy pepper sauce. Great dish.  Dessert was Dark chocolate Tart. I could clearly taste this was made with a decent chocolate/cocoa, way better than the same titled dish at Macdonald Hotels Cardrona.  I had a glass of French Red wine with my meal. I chose it from the "Pierre recommends" section of the Wine menu. My choice was the beautiful Braucol Bouton Larroz.   All in all a lovely meal at a place where the staff know their jobs, yet are not in the least bit big headed, and they can more than cope when it gets busy.
5 5 Stars for my second visit to Pierre Victoire!  Since my previous visit I had been itching to taste from their kitchen once more.  To get a top quality meal is great, to get consistently good meals is nothing short of remarkable.  I am agog, née flabbergasted as to how utterly amazing, authentic and original the food is at Pierre Victoire.  Lettuce leaves and dressing was served with Green & Black Olives and Salami, along side fresh French Bread and Butter.  For Starter, I chose Fish & Seafood Soup. It was a cornucopia of huge, real chunks of the most tender fish including some calamari that was cooked just right. Without doubt, the best soup I have yet eaten.  My choice for main course was a real "No brainer". I just lurve a goood steak and I saw that their Rib Eye was on the menu with, no, surely not, could I really be this lucky?!... Roquefort! (my favourite Blue Cheese) I couldn't believe my eyes, or, my luck. The steak was (again) cooked spot on and just right. With the Roquefort smothering the steak. This was served with a half tomato with a crusty herb topping and some of the most delicious French Fries I have ever eaten this was beyond heavenly. The combination of the steak and cheese was goose pimply stunning. This was all washed down with Pierre Victoire's House Red (great wine and staggeringly excellent value for money!).  For Dessert, I had the Blackcurrant Sorbet with Crushed Meringue, good grief Miss Agnes! This was a Sorbet and then some. The fresh Blackcurrants gave this just the right amount of fruity tang and tartness. Without question, the most lovingly made and über tasty, taste bud tingly Sorbet that has popped into my mouth.  As mentioned, Pierre Victoire's House Red Wine was beautiful, very well balanced, not too deep and full of flavor, and, it went so well with my meal.  The service, was just as good as my previous visit here. The waitressing staff are very good, cheerful, helpful, informative and very efficient, even when the place is jamming.  Consistently great food, great value, great atmosphere (including genuine French music and songs sung in French).  Perfect!
