4 As I've mentioned before, I'm pretty passionate about coffee.  So imagine my excitement when I found a brand new shiny coffee house called 'Project Coffee' just seconds from my flat (it's actually not shiny at all, it's decorated very tastefully and the sign is most definitely a matt finish).  Now being a coffee enthusiast (snob) I tend to have one stipulation about a coffee house. And that is that they can make a flat white. Oh can this place make a flat white. Perfectly extracted espresso, milk steamed perfectly (creamy, not frothy) so it had that delicious sweetness. They even pour it with the fancy rosetta, which left me little choice but to take a picture of it.  There are, however, a few reasons this place doesn't get the full 5* treatment. It's fairly reasonably priced (my flat white was £2.10), but you can get better coffee cheaper. Also, they do only serve one type of coffee. But then , this was only their first day of business. A few teething issues aside, this place has massive potential. A very, very impressive start.
2 Recently opened in Bruntsfield, Project Coffee is a hip new coffee shop and wears the label on its sleeve. The staff are all really unfriendly, which doesn't bode well for a new coffee shop.   Good things: for a reasonable price, you can get a full breakfast at any time of the day.   One day I ordered eggs benedict and was really disappointed. The hollandaise sauce was just appalling.   The interior has no character, but they have shiny bronze tables that look like the inside of a vintage train carriage.   It's trendy and exactly what you'd expect from a new coffee shop in Bruntsfield.
3 Coffee is better than most and yes they do a good flat white, but as mentioned in other reviewers notes, service is not up to it...unfriendly and not interested in giving their customers an all round experience.
3 Looks like the staff attitudes to working here have been the main concern for previous yelpers but I didn't find much to fault when I popped in for a coffee the other day. Big smiles all round. Coffee however was baby bath-water warm and and pretty run of the mill. Seems every second shop in bruntsfield these days is of the coffee variety and I wonder where  it will all end. I'll be taking my pennies back to the chocolate tree in future.
4 High quality coffee, not quite as good as Artisan Roast (who set the bar not just for Edinburgh but worldwide as far as I'm concerned), but still reliably high end stuff. Like Artisan Roast, they know that the milk isn't meant to be a million degrees hot, and they know that a proper latte isn't a litre of milk like those ridiculous metre-tall coffees you get at some places.   Ok, it's styled in a very Bruntsfield urban outfitters yummy mummy fashion, and if you go on a Friday morning then it's mother group time, but for reliably good coffee on the go or to sit in, I think it hits a pretty good note: neither pretentious nor scruffy.  Foodwise, I've only ever had a scone and it was very good (and they have a deal on for takeaway coffee and a scone for £2.95) but the other pastries and cakes look amazing. They also have a decent looking breakfast and lunch menu. And I've always found the staff friendly, so I can't agree with that aspect of the other reviews. I pop in a couple of times a week on the way to work and now I'm the duke. Woo!
3 I usually order my coffee to go from here.  Coffee and a scone - yummy coffee and yummy scone.  It's a generally win combination.  I'm not entirely sure what takes so long to prepare the scone and think they should probably just have little take away containers of butter and jam instead of buttering and jaming the takeaway scones themselves but... well it's probably cheaper this way.  I stayed in for coffee for the first time last week. In our (cramped - this place wasn't made for groups lager than 2 or 3) group of 5, we had cappuccinos, americanos, and a flat white.  Everyone enjoyed their drink and mine (the flat white) had a lovely design in the milk.   We also ordered two brownies to share.  The brownies were ridiculous.  They were rich and smooth and gooey and generally the kind of thing you would like to eat every day for the rest of your life.  So, Project Coffee's product is good.  Unfortunately as the other reviewers have said, it's the service which really lets it down.  We were brought our coffees, which was good, but when we received our brownies they'd gotten the order wrong.  When my coworker said she'd actually asked for two brownies (instead of a brownie and something else which I didn't see) she was told "Oh, well the brownies cost more.  I'll bring your other brownit but it's an extra 30p" Uh ok well that's fine, except that my coworker ordered two brownies, so is it maybe a possibility that she paid for two and just didn't receive what she paid for?   Even if you can make the 30p argument, could we not have been told in a nicer way?  We had also asked for a knife to cut the brownies so we could all share.  The knife was brought belatedly and just about dropped on the table.  It was just a bit of a bizarre experience with, as I said, good product but the most bizarre and unfriendly service.  I do wish the owners would read the reviews and realise what is letting them down.  There are so many cafes in Bruntsfield, people will soon discover other nice coffee and will move on to friendlier locales.
2 The look of Project Coffee interested me....it had a vaguely American feel to it, although I have never been to America, so have only formed this opinion based on an apparent diet of American TV and Hollywood films....  Project Coffee, however, seemed to not quite know what it was when I went in.  Perhaps it was because it had just opened, perhaps it was because they were wanting to be "edgy"....but it just came across as acceptable coffee from disinterested people.  That being said, the soup was delicious; although I have a recollection that there was some issue with the bread being more or.... similar kind of experience, really, to Emily V and the Brownie of Doom.  Overall, I wanted to like Project Coffee when I first saw it, but haven't been tempted to ever go back in.
5 the interior is classy with a touch of a light industrial look. high ceilings, big windows, chunky ornate cornices, white paint throughout and a mix of tables and chairs. trusty partner and i tried the 'flat white' (short, double-shot latte) and cappuccino. the temperature and milk texture were both perfect allowing the complex, savoury, nutty bitterness of the coffee to shine.
3 It was a lovely sunny day in Bruntsfield and I had heard about this place from many other yelpers who are aware of my little coffee obsession so when I walked by it there was no way I couldn't go in.  I ended up having a Parsnip and Chilli soup which was nice, if a little under-seasoned BUT they do small or regular portions which went down well with me as I wasn't after too much.   The layout is a little confusing, we sat at our table for a good wee while not realising that it wasn't table service!? Also, anyone and everyone knows I love a good bit of cake. And even though the scones sounded delicious I have to admit the cake cabinet looked a little bit sad and empty!? Never a good thing.  The service was ok, I didn't really like them passing our soup to us over the counter cause we were sitting near it. I would rather they had come round and put it on the table, it just seemed a little lazy and they weren't exactly busy. Coffee was quite good, but I don't know if I would choose to come here when artisan roast is so nearby.   Overall, it was alright. I wasn't disappointed, but I wasn't massively impressed either.
3 On Sunday, Susan M and I decided to meet for coffee, the perfect way to spend a chilled out afternoon. I wanted to try somewhere new and suggested Lovecrumbs, however, they were shut. Call me crazy, but is it not a bit of an error for a cafe to be closed on a Sunday?  Anyway, instead I suggested Project Coffee. After we agreed, I then read the Yelp reviews, they weren't good but i'm happy to make my own mind up.  When I got there, Susan had just ordered so I hurried over, asked for a cappuccino and then surveyed the cakes on offer. I'm not great at making quick decisions, so as I debated what to choose, the male member of staff just seemed a bit exasperated at me, not even suggesting "oh why don't you try our tasty chocolate cake", nope he just looked bored. I chose the carrot cake and we were told to sit down and they'd bring everything over.  The speed of the service was fine, the coffee was faultless and the cake was delicious. So the only fault, as others seem to also say, was the staff. I would go back, but I think I will go and try other places on my list first :)
3 A bog-standard coffee shop that didn't strike me as particularly different to the many competitors out there. I had a decent cup of tea and a good scone on my visit, and the mocha option looked pretty good too!   I spent my entire time freezing though, with the door wide open and a cold draft making its way into the premises. A personal bugbear of mine, I was a bit of a misery from being so chilly.   Pleasant staff were helpful and cheery. Nothing to complain about there. But in general, absolutely a-ok.
3 Very good flat white for a decent price but their lunch options for me are over priced, all pretty much over £4.50 and they don't seem to be anything special! Nice but more style than substance!
4 I rolled into town after two days of international plane travel, famished and tired.  I ordered the equivalent of the irish breakfast.  The haggis is the best I've had.  The egg and potato scone were delish.  The tea was the right temp and strength.  Everything was divinely perfect.  I take off a star b/c when I returned a week later for the same experience, the food was like the step sister of the former.  Same food not as fresh tasting or warm or crunchy.  It's like it had sat under a warmer too long.  Or just a different person behind the stove.  Oh well.
5 So what? I am fickle and this is my favorite coffee in the city now.   Luckily, the gentleman caller (or I guess I would be the caller) I associate with lives around the corner from it. I have a small beast at home, and I need to make sure she is alive so I rarely make my way to... call, I guess. But when I do, it's for the lovin' AND the coffee.   I don't ever care about food at coffee shops because well, I don't go to coffee shops for food. Sometimes it's necessary to eat because I want coffee at an eating time but the purpose is clear. COFFEE and when I want coffee... I want here.
5 If your ever looking for somewhere to go for Sunday breakfast this is the place to go!  Their full breakfasts are great but if you're looking for something a bit more healthier they do great smoothies and granola with fruit and yoghurt. Oh and a full selection of different egg dishes which i haven't got round to tasting!l  Be warned though this coffee shop is very popular and fills up very quickly especially Sunday so if your after breakfast you should go fairly early.
4 Good for a quiet meet with friends, fantastic plum scones cakes and dam fine hot coffee. With pleasant enough surroundings, a table to do work on, with small library with local periodicals supporting local events, great barrista and prices not bad either this is so much more tailored towards the coffee meet with friends and chat style coffee house than say its big chain rivals.   Beware of the squeaky chair, no wifi so youd have to use your 3g and the fact they close well before 7pm is not the best but sometimes I dont get into town until then at weekends and end up having to frequent larger busier chains, when all you need is a bit peace to get on with what it is your doing!  Thumbs up though to Project Coffee in providing yet another place to plant your behind and enjoy the delights of coffee sampling in town.
5 Located in an area crowded with coffee shops, Project Coffee a great place. The coffee is very good and the cakes are pretty tasty.  The service is good too, without being over-friendly. The interior is quite stylish, keeping with the identity of the neigbourhood, and you have a mix of comfy sofas, tables and a counter by the large windows where you can just sit and do some people watching. The music is pretty good, not too loud, and bless, no wifi, so none of the herds of students you get in other places!  A great place to meet a friend for coffee, cake and gossip.
5 I love the Bacon Rolls and the Flat Whites!  Doesn't get better than sitting at the window and watching the world go by with a bacon buttie and a god coffee!
4 A lovely addition to Edinburgh's growing Coffee culture. I had an espresso and a scone, the coffee was wonderfully gallant in its strength! Roasted there I believe. The scone was remarkably light, not so cake like, thankfully and its sweetness contrasted well with the robust coffee!
2 This place has an odd vibe to it, and I was left with the impression that some people working there might not know well what they are doing.  The coffee itself is OK, but you would expect a bit more from an independent coffee shop.  There are some things that brought the place down on each of my three visits.  First, I found the service often a bit too curt, serious, and unfriendly.  Second, I am not persuaded of the devotion to all things coffee (the place is called Project Coffee!), if the people working there never heard of a corto (aka ristretto).  This might not be essential, but it reflects the mentality -- these are not coffee geeks, they sell coffee and that is about it. Finally, the milk they put in cappuccino and flat white was too hot.  Sometimes the place has some bad air in it, probably because they have a kitchen that is not well isolated from the sitting area, and thus, when the place is busy, oxygen supplies can get a little short.  Their food seems OK, but, again, nothing to Yelp about.  All in all, for me this place seems a bit pretentious, and it does not deliver.  There is no "soul", but a business mentality, which, of course, is what you would expect from a business.  But sometimes one would like to experience the unexpected. For this kind of encounter, I recommend visiting Artisan Roast, some doors away on the same street.
3 I can't really judge this place as I only had a chai while there, but going off the scones and atmosphere, I would say it is a nice stop in the Bruntsfield area. It was right next to where our family booked a holiday stay and every time we walked by it was full and busy. The initial service was a big slow considering how busy they were, but they were friendly and we got our drinks very quickly. The scones were very delicious and well sized for sharing. The chai was okay, very sweet, but fine if you are looking to. It over dose on coffee.   My sister in law said the coffee was good, and it looked well made so I think it would be a good option if you are looking for something less crafty then Artisan Roast. The only annoying thing is that they have these fluorescent lights, which are very unattractive and makes it feel more like a quick stop cafeteria then a nice warm cafe. The interior is very nice with rough brick walls and a comfy couch in the back, but the lights make it not a very nice place to sit for too long.    All in all, a nice stop for a quick drink on the go.
4 I had a smashing visit here this past Tuesday. I thought it was a very sweet and busy place. Great prices.   I got a splendid smoothie. I plan to go again this Tuesday on my way to horses about 2 pm.   A great find. The food looked great. Pleasant swift service. A great tidy clean and calm energied place.
3 Project Coffee do a pretty good latte at a fair price. Ideal if you are passing by on the way to town. Unfortunately, as Jurgen said, their lunch options are rather overpriced, especially for what you are getting.   Their sandwiches are tasty but do seem quite expensive. Any time I'm here I usually get a large latte and the chicken, brie and cranberry sandwich. There is a lot of flavour but the majority of the time the bread falls to pieces. It is pretty good bread though.  The scones could possibly be the best part about this coffee shop. Nothing beats a fruit scone with clotted cream and jam.  Service can be one of two possibilities with no middle ground. Sometimes service can be excellent as you are met with a very happy barista, and other times it seems a little slow although I have to admit it is usually more of the former than the latter.  The best place to be seated is right at the back of the shop on the second of two blue couches although be warned that I have fallen asleep on one of these before.
4 Project coffee nestled just inside The Meadows in Edinburgh is one of the few places I've been game enough to try the Full Scottish Breakfast .   I was attracted to the place predominately because they didn't feel the need to stick a large pixelated printout of their star dish in the front window with the words "FRY UP £3.99" stretched over the top in the default word-art font.   Unlike so many Edinburgh cafes and pubs that are, for some reason, proud of the eggs on top of beans on top of cheap sausages on top white inch thick catering bread that they serve, Project Coffee is a great place to nurse a hangover without overloading on grease.   Their version of the Full Scottish keeps it simple, everything perfectly cooked, clearly good quality, and the fried haggis is definitely a standout addition. I also love the fact that they give you a little bit of marmalade on the side to deal with that annoying conundrum that happens when you've over estimated the amount of toast needed to deal with the leftover yolk on the plate. (Breakfast Carbohydrate Rationing or BCR is a skill that takes a lifetime to master)  Obviously they also take pride in their coffee, with good reason because it was fantastic. However, while I know theres a price to pay in all the nice coffee houses in Edinburgh, I still think that the price is a tad on the expensive side, but it was worth it.    As for ambience it was nice, warm comfortable however very tight and crowded on a busy day like when we visited. Possibly it was the use of round tables in a square restaurant but if you like elbow room maybe this isn't the place for you, although it could have just been our table. Similarly, the place could do with a few rugs or wall hangings to help absorb the loud echo that inevitably comes hand in hand with a busy brick, concrete and hardwood floor restaurant.   All things considered though I had a great time and I'd definitely do it all again.
3 No WiFi = not good for project work.
