5 My step dad takes all of our families cars here, and now that I'm responsible for my own car I take mine here too. They are always straightforward and honest. Kevin is the guy upfront and always remembers me and makes conversation.   Whenever I have to get something expensive done he always explains things to me in a way that even I can understand! And will even get out tools or actually show me the problem. I don't know much about cars so I always call my step dad to ask him what I should do. Kevin always ends up on the phone with him, discussing what would be best for me or making small talk.   I feel comfortable and when talking to other realize how inexpensive they are. The services always seem pretty fast too. If you have any other questions or need a service done they don't offer like body work, Kevin can refer you to someone he trusts and knows would do a great job.    I would  highly recommend them to anyone in need of an auto shop.
2 I called them on phone and asked if I could get my brakes done.  I explained that the lugs were too tight and the key seemed partially stripped, perhaps because the Big O had rotated my tires last week and must have overtightened the lugs.  I also asked if they could replace the entire set of lug nuts too so that I would not have a problem going forward.  "not a problem, bring it down" was the response.    1.5 hours later I get a call explaining that I need to pick up the vehicle because the lugs are too tight and they are worried about sheering a stud.    Could have saved me quite a bit of time and hassle by explaining that it may be a problem they can't handle.    Kevin was polite enough, just not able to properly evaluate my job upfront.
5 Kevin is one of the most customer friendly people I've ever met ! Awesome quick service.
5 I love Hatch Tire. First off the manager is friendly and polite.  Second, their labor rates are reasonable if not even a little on the low side.  Third, I have never had an issue with the quality of their work.  Fourth, they don't BS you with fixes you don't need and they speak honestly to you about your car.  Fifth, the one time I had an issue with them (they took a long time to change my oil), they gave me the oil change for free without me asking and the manager frankly stated, "time is money around here, and the same applies to your time, I'm sorry we took so long this afternoon." Now that's some awesome customer service you don't normally see from mechanics.  When I have the time, I'll do some work on my car myself so I know a little about cars but if the job is too difficult or I don't have the time, I always take the cars to Hatch Tire cause I can trust them.  Simply put, they run a great shop.
5 I have been using these guys for years because they have guaranteed my loyalty with their complete honesty, excellent customer service, quality work and efficient turnaround. Kevin is one of the nicest people you could hope to meet but more importantly he always looks out for ways to save me money and unnecessary repairs. There have been many times I thought I needed work done where they could have just taken my money and I would have never been the wiser. But not only will they always give me good advice, Kevin actually goes out of his way to research vehicle recalls, TSB alerts and warranty info for me to take advantage of so I can spend less. As I am a single woman, maintaining safe and reliable transportation is absolutely vital to me and you can well imagine I have had plenty of experiences with unscrupulous repair shops trying to pull the wool over my eyes or sell me unnecessary services (are you listening, Sun Devil Auto?) What a relief to have Hatch Tires watching my back. I am fortunate to have this place just a couple of miles from my house, but it would be worth your while to go out of your way to use them.
