4 In the catalogue of Marchmont coffee shops (which is not extensive), Empire Café is often overlooked, perhaps because it's not as hip and studenty as Black Medicine, nor as memorable as Café Artista with its tempestuous owner; not as posh as Toast, nor as quaint as the newly opened Ephemeris.  It's hard to know what adjective to use for Empire Café, actually.  Nothing really stands out about it.  And yet, it is pleasant and reliable, a small, sunny café on the corner that provides all the usual café items cheaply and well, such as fresh croissants and orange juice in the morning, strong coffee, milkshakes and a good range of sandwiches and paninis.  Which is probably why, despite the competition from more flashy establishments, Empire Café  unobtrusively survives, the chosen destination for businessmen buying coffee on the way to work, hungry schoolchildren at lunchtime, and idle types like myself who like to sit in the window and read the paper.
4 Agree with reviewer below - only been a few times, generally when I have been making an early morning trip to collect my undelivered mail from the Strathearn Road sorting office (!)  but coffee and associated croissants were all good and think I had a good sandwich/panini too one time. Has a nice local feel with lots of Marchmont types dropping by. Good place to sit outside in summer too. Nice that they have kept the old shop exterior - this was one of the last surviving old style grocers in Edinburgh where pretty much everything was kept behind the counter and you had to ask for what you wanted. The fruit shop at the top of Marchmont Road has a flavour of this if anyone fancies some pre Tesco Xpress nostalgia ...
3 Still like this place for al fresco morning coffee and almond croissants - great sun trap and good coffee and service always quick and friendly . Down-grading to 3 as just feel it looks a bit tired in side (given that they have a great space and interior to work with apart from having to go through kitchen to the toilet ... we it is an ex-corner shop); nevertheless I am never turned on by the food display and always wonder how fresh the sandwich fillings are. Maybe being unfair and will keep going for coffee/pastries - but that will probably be it.
4 This is a really nice and sunny wee place that is great for early breakfasts and masters of the sandwiches. There is a nice window long table that is just perfect to sit and sip on a coffee or lunch and watch the world pass outside whilst the sun is shining through the window south born.   I had their club sandwich that was just what I wanted after going swimming. The best thing is that tasty food and cheap goes very well hand in hand.
4 After a notable absence, they have their Slush Puppy machine back up and working. The food is always pretty tasty and reasonably priced, but the Irn Bru slush puppies are what keep me coming back.
