4 Buying a new mattress is worse than buying a new car.  I can't believe the high-pressure sales tactics used at some of the other mattress stores around town.  With that said, I recommend Half Price Mattress.  They used to be known as Big Red Mattress: http://www.yelp.com/biz/big-red-mattress-henderson . I'm not sure what the story is behind the name change, but it doesn't really matter to me.  I've been in need of a mattress for a long time and stopped at Half Price on whim.  Christina, the sales person was very informative and very friendly.  There was no pressure to make a decision.  She gave us the facts and answered every question we had.  She urged us to lay on EVERY bed in the shop to figure out which one would best suit our needs.  At the end of our first visit, she urged us to shop around and do all the research we could.  After a couple weeks of shopping around and researching online, we came back and got a Cal King Euro Top for $900 including delivery.    We purchased the bed on a Sunday and it was delivered by 10am the next day.  The delivery guy, Bob, was really nice and got the mattress upstairs rather quickly and without damage to it or the house.  The only concern I had was the brand.  It's a Kingdom Mattress Co. mattress.  I could find little to nothing online about the manufacturer (they don't even have a website).  But after looking all over town and talking to a friend in the mattress business in Houston, I decided to take the gamble.  So far, I am very pleased with everything.  If you're looking for a quality mattress at a reasonable price and don't want the high-pressure sales team you'll find at other retailers, I urge you to check out Half Price Mattress.
5 My husband learned about Half Price Mattress, and wanted to go and check them out.  I said that you get what you pay for, and do we really want a half price mattress.  He is from Nebraska and said this is one of Warren Buffets friends, and that good people need good mattresses too.  So we went down to the store, Bobby the sales person was great, no pressure.   We laid on all the mattresses and took the most expensive one 1199.00  Dream Gel Easter King.  Designed to keep you cool and springs back.   Well, it does just that. The delivery guys were great, especially Juan, with his spectacular studded cowboy boots!!!!!   I have to say that this mattress is the best I have ever slept on.
5 Being a new grad student, I was searching for a budget friendly mattress store and luckily I found this place.  I searched on yelp for mattress stores in the LV / Henderson area, and by far, this place offered the best prices.  My roommate and I arrived to the warehouse and was pleasantly greeted by James (goes by Jim).  Very friendly sales associate, family owned, and most importantly wasn't pushy.  We told him we were grad students in medicine and our $200-$300 budget.  He made good recommendations for us without pushing over our budget, and even offered a $20 discount.  We were in and out of the shop within 30 minutes.  Highly recommended place for a good deal on mattresses, and will definitely recommend to my fellow classmates!  *PS: Family owned! Warehouse prices, so plan to stop by this place and check em' out!
5 This is a belated review! Last month I was just moving to Henderson and needed a mattress ASAP. We looked up half price mattress on yelp and caught it in the last 20 minutes it was open. Christine (I think was her name?) helped us out and we made our purchase and were out if there within 30 minutes. She even gave more than the 5% yelp check- in discount. This place made buying a mattress painless!
5 They had exactly what I wanted at the price I needed. Great family owned business.  I got the memory foam cal king. Had it for three months and still sleeping like a king.
5 Bought a cal-king mattress and box spring set for a great price. We love how soft & amazing it is. I am still surprised how affordable it was for such a nice bed. Even purchased sheets & mattress protector too. Highly recommend this place. I was in & out in less than 20 minutes. No pressure & very knowledgable.
5 Super awesome customer service over the phone! I was able to order a foundation for a bed over the phone with confidence. The person I spoke with was patient and gave me great advices on purchasing the right foundation. She answered all the questions I had and made great recommendations.   My delivery and purchase was done all over the phone and my receipt was emailed to me. She saved me a trip to the store and I got everything that I needed and the foundation is well priced! It was another plus that she did not push a purchase on me at all. I can't ask for a better service and attitude!   I will definitely check this place out when it's time to purchase a mattress.
5 I'm very pleased with my experience at Half Price Mattress.  I was in and out very quickly - no more than 20 minutes from arrival to loading up my mini-van.  Their prices are very reasonable and the service was polite and friendly.  The young man in the warehouse was a big help to us. He did a great job at loading up the two box springs and frames into my minivan and he quickly, and efficiently, tied down the mattresses to the racks on top. I highly recommend this business for your mattress needs.
5 I found this place on Yelp (thanks Yelpers!) and wanted to check them out as we were looking for a king size mattress.  We did check out Best Mattress, however did not like the pushy sales manager and made the trip over to Half Price Mattress after dinner.  The saleswoman/manager (Christine I believe) was very friendly, informative and encouraged us to try out multiple mattresses.  Best of all - she was not pushy.  Their prices are awesome!  We ended up getting the Amethyst by Corsicana and we love it!  King size mattress set, with box spring and a free gift (promo at the time, we were able to get a king bed frame for no additional cost!!!), all for $599.  I also picked up a 1600 thread count sheet set there for an incredible price!  Bob, our delivery man delivered our mattress the next morning and had it set up in less than 20 minutes!  They also offer furniture orders as well at discounted prices.  If you are in the market for a new mattress or furniture - please check them out.  You won't be disappointed!
5 After checking with my yelpers and reading the excellent reviews for Half Price Mattress I surfed over to their website and chose a full mattress in my price range for my 10-year-old son.  When I walked into the store I was immediately greeted and once I told the saleswoman that I needed a decent full mattress for my 10-year-old son... she showed me the model I had already chosen online. No high-pressure sales pitch to up-sell to a more expensive model, just an explanation of the benefits of my choice. She even showed me some lower-priced models but my son loved the pillow-top on my first choice. Their frame price is equal to the discount stores and they were able to deliver just 3 hours later for $40. The delivery guys were kind enough to set up the frame and bed after hauling it to an upstairs bedroom.   Great service  - friendly and no pressure - and great product! Make sure you check in on yelp and you'll receive a 5% discount!
5 Excellent Customer Service X10!!! In awe of their true dedication to serve their customers and they are very knowledgeable of every product they have. We bought the most expensive mattress they have and we are absolutely satisfied!!!! Thank you for your great service!
5 I have spent the last year going to several Dr's to try and discover why I am unable to sleep through the night. As a last resort, I went to Half Price Mattress on Wigwam and bought the Euphoria eastern king set and 2 serenity pillows, even though I wasn't confident that this would work. Guess what...from the very first night I am sleeping like a baby. The salesman/manager was so nice. No pressure and very informative in showing me different options and prices. Gave me a 30 day satisfaction guarantee, and threw in a mattress cover no charge. The pillows are amazing! (I'm no longer waking up constantly to flip my pillow over.) I LOVE my new bed! I am so rested now. Thank you Half Price Mattress!!
5 Such nice people! No pushy sales, genuinely interested in making sure you don't spend more than you need to while selling me the most comfortable bed I've slept on in years. Will definitely recommend to anyone who asks and will go back whenever I need a mattress or any other furniture they can order for you.
