3 This place is is tucked away in a tiny little strip mall off of Warm Springs near Tenaya. The strip mall is almost vacant, save one other place (a Korean restaurant?). The area is still underdeveloped and so Brentwood doesn't get very much traffic. I think since it's so slow, they're only open til 2a. Kinda lame, but I see why. I'm sure if business picks up (and the area develops), they'll extend their hours, but I think that's a long way off.   This isn't necessarily a bad thing. If you go on a week day, it's pretty uncrowded. They've only been open a couple of months so no one really knows about it. It's a place to go and talk with your company; not shout over ambient ruckus. It's a place to go and chillax; not people watch.   The bar can be completely closed off from the restaurant side (in accordance with Las Vegas restaurant and smoking laws ... hooray).   The women's bathroom stalls are shallow. Shallow like, walk in the stall and konk, hit your knee on the toilet. And there are no toilet seat liners in the last stall, but not the first two stalls (my friend is a germaphobe).   The deco of the place is weird. It's definitely desert practical, but still has this weird austerity.   When you first walk in the foyer, you can go one of three ways: the bar, the restaurant, the bathroom. It's kind of like entering a business office building.   The bar side has a huge bar with video poker and also tables surrounding the bar, mostly 4-tops and half booths.   Of the three evenings I've been there, I've never seen anyone on the restaurant side.   There's also a dog-friendly patio outside. Neat. Totally trying to accomodate people that just want to have a cold one with their dog. I get it.   Their menu is typical bar fare. I've only ever tried their spinach dip, $8. Nothing bad, nothing exceptional. Oh, the menu has no desserts. Booooooo. And hiss. BUT my accommodating bartender said there was some ice cream in the kitchen and he could whip something up for me. Hm. Ice cream and Bailey's? Perhaps next time.   They have Kona Longboard on tap and ... some other stuff.   I think the major selling point about Brentwood is their friendly staff. Granted, they're new and still have a while to go before they're all jaded and broken, but for now they are swell. I've had the privilege of being served by Huckleberry and Dustin. Huckleberry is a friendly bartender. Friendly to the point where he was whoring out shots. Look for the guy with the Moe (from the Simpsons) tattoo. Dustin was more low key and I found myself missing Huckleberry. But then as the bar emptied, Dustin warmed up a little more and really took the time and care to get us hammered. Such a sweetheart. We also met the two bartenders that just finished their shift, Jen and Lisa, with the nice boobies. Friendly.   I'll be back.
2 I would give service 5 stars! Great customer service.  But I only give the restaurant and food 2 stars. Like how the place is decorated. Feels very comfy in there. Just needs some art up on the walls. But the food was no good! Took very long for our food. There was only 2 other parties in the restaurant. I ordered a California Turkey sandwich. They forgot the avocado and put way too many chiles on the sandwich. I could of made a better one at home. My husband had a parm chicken sandwich and the chicken was burnt and over cooked. The chicken was also flat and way too thin. The chicken sandwich cost $12! Way over priced. We could come back if the quality of the food was better and not over price. Never even saw a manger. They did take the chicken sandwich off the bill but the manager never came over and talked to us. Poor management. I have worked in restaurants for years and know what kind of service restaurants should give.
4 Been to Brentwood twice before; this was my third time going there for a late dinner. The first time I went it was closed because we stopped by after 2 a.m., but this was six months ago, when they used to close early (for Vegas, that is). I went again last night and I was happy to see they are open 24 hours now, as a place like theirs should be.  The place is a little bit off the beaten path on the corner of Warm Springs and Tenaya. Unless you live or work in the area, it's not that easy to find. Once you do find it, it's a nice little spot to have something to nibble on or drink some cocktails. It's definitely nicer than some of the other places in Vegas that are similar (PT's, BJ's, etc.). They also have an outdoor patio area to sit at when the weather is nicer.   I have never been to Brentwood during the day. I think of this place more appropriate to visit during the evening for some reason, either to unwind after work or even to bring someone for a date. They do serve breakfast all day, as well as a nice variety of lunch and dinner entrees, and the portions are a nice size. The second time I was there I had a nice Screwdriver to drink. The bartenders are always smiling and joking with the clientele, so it's obvious the staff love working there, unlike other places where it's dead as a doornail and the staff are only there for a paycheck.  Although the main dining area was open, no one was sitting there. There were a few people at the bar, but we chose to eat along the booths near the wall. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive; we didn't wait long for our food at all. If I lived closer I would go there all the time. Recommended for anyone who wants a good, casual neighborhood place to eat or drink at that has an air of class about it.
5 Hidden Gem.  She's an awesome spot to watch a game and throw back a few drinks. Decor is modernized.  We came in here during the football season and they had an awesome special, 24oz (or more, can't remember) beer, chicken pesto sandwich & fries for $10!!! Sandwich is full of flavor and the beer is served in a goblet so the price is well worth it.  Our bartender was great! Service was awesome, love this place!
5 Great place!
4 Pretty delicious!  We went here on a Friday night a few weeks ago and it was a nice experience.  Decor is nice and subdued - very warm and inviting.  Not your typical video poker bar with restaurant added as an afterthought at all.  Hubby got a ribeye, son got shrimp scampi and feeling a little under the weather, I got a veggie omlette (I forgot the official name of it on the menu) and hot tea.  I loved how they brought out a huge selection organic tea for me to choose from with a big teapot full of perfectly hot (and delicious - not from tap) water.  Hubby and son were extremely pleased with their entrees - I think I made a slight mistake ordering breakfast at night though - the eggs were on the rubbery side but the ingredients and cheese on the inside were definitely on point and the delicious potatoes with the omlette were amazing.  I think it just sat out a little too long while waiting for the other entrees to finish.    It actually took awhile for me to order - lots of delicious (and healthy / organic) items to choose from.  It will be so nice to bring our vegetarian daughter back and have options for her to choose from besides salad.  The server was very friendly and was nice enough to place my husbands grilled asparagus on the side just because I mentioned that it sounded delicious when he declined it so I could feast on it !  I loved how grilled asparagus was a side instead of the normal frozen vegetable medly that normally gets served at restaurants like this.  I believe I may have had the server mentioned below - I am glad I did not read that review first because she was very pleasant, accomodating and prompt without being overbearing - a nice balance.  I would much rather have friendly and slower than fast and grouchy.  We are definitely coming back - some of the pizzas that were coming out of their wood pizza oven looked heavenly.  Next time though I will save my veggie omlette ordering for breakfast time...
5 Best Tavern in Town  We usually go here for the breakfast.  They have the best pancakes in town, bar none.  Last night we tried the Happy Hour.  Great selection of draft beer (fat tire, newcastle).  I ordered the sliders and my wife orderd the brenwood pizza.  All I can say is this is our new happy hour place.  The beer was ice cold,  the sliders are superb,  the pizza is great also.  Kara, our waitress was the best.  We got there a minute after Happy Hour was over and she still gave us the Happy Hour prices.  Oh, I almost forgot, it's a dog friendly place.  Thank you Brentwood for great service and great food.
2 I hate to give this place a bad review because the service was really good!  the food on the other hand, can be better.... didn't seem to be to busy, but  it's in a hidden location and not visible on the major streets.    i'm not going to speak for lunch or dinner options.. but we came in for brunch and my son, husband, my daughter, and myself ordered breakfast... and have had better.  i've made better...    on a brighter note, the presentation of the caramel banana pancakes was nice.    again, the service was friendly.... kinda slow in the kitchen... but, can't complain... our meal was on behalf of a gift certificate we won at a school function...   glad we were able to try it!
4 Honestly, I didn't have a good feeling once we tried to order and found they didn't have a few different things (Coriss cross fries listed on the menu, Greek dressing for their Greek salad), but our experience in the end was actually quite positive. I ordered the Greek Salad and it was quite good. I had the balsamic dressing since they didn't have the Greek dressing and honestly, I never would have known that this wasn't the normal dressing. My daughters both ordered different chicken sandwiches and they both liked what they ordered. The onion rings that came with my oldest daughter's sandwich were really good. There was an issue with my oldest daughter's meal when it first came out, but they fixed the problem and it worked out fine.   Bottom line is that the food is decent, but at the end of the day our server made it a good experience even though we were off to a rocky start. I hate it when I forgot to get names so I will describe her. She was blond with should length hair and maybe in her 30's or early 40's. (sorry if I a wrong). She was the only server at the time we came because it was in between lunch and dinner. I hope the manager knows who I am speaking of so they can thank her for offering such great service. This could easily have been a two star review if not for her.
5 Good stuff here!  Personally I think much better than your average bar food establishment (IE PT's)!  My networking group meets here twice a month and every time I have a good experience.  Service 5 Stars, Food 5 Stars.  Great BURGERS!!  What more can you ask for??  Try it if you haven't been there already!
5 This place is the hidden gem of Vegas. Good music. Not too loud. Even better bartenders. Woodfire Pizza is SO good. Excellent food. And never too crowded. Check it out before you can't find a seat because this place is going to take off!
4 Good beers on tap and very good service.  Lot's of food for the price
4 Had one of their bartenders in my bar and she was a delight. So I decided to return the favor and this place is right down the road, how convenient, since my other fave neighborhood bar went downhill, I've been looking for a new place with GREAT food. It's a regular bar with contemplorary flare. They had an open band night, fun and the other male bartenders were friendly, but didn't really talk to me much, but I didn't mind since I was focussing on my poker! I got the sliders and I loved them, I later brought my husband who is hard to please and decided to get the pesto chicken sandwich which was ok, I wouldn't order it again, not enough bold flavor to me, too bland actually. My husband liked the sliders but thought they could of been more juicy. I love that they have Original Sin Cider among other great beers they offer in a goblet. I will definetly come visit more often!!!
4 You know how you get really into a band that no one knows about, and you tell everyone about it because you want to support them, and then like a year later they blow up and everyone loves them and there's a little piece of you that's kind of annoyed but you don't know why?  Okay, maybe you don't know that feeling, but if you do, that's how I think Brentwood Cafe might turn out.  I want everyone to realize how awesome this place is.  However, I'm nervous that it will get so busy that I won't want to go there anymore.  Having said that, I'll continue going until it gets nuts.  Anyway, the staff is really friendly.  Always a plus.  The food is really good, and not the typical bar food either.  They have EVERYTHING.  We have been there for breakfast a few times. Omelettes are good.  We also went there for dinner and it was great.  Their guacamole is fresh and yummy.   The biggest thing that appealed to me were their daily drink specials! Every day they have something awesome.  Ladies night Mondays- $3 martinis, Tuesdays are some sort of $1 Tacos...I know Sundays they have $15 bottomless mimosa and bloody marys! There are other specials, but I forgot exactly.    Check them out.  I bet you'll be back.  It's such a nice change from indfifferent servers with sub-par food at crappy chain restaurants!
5 This was a pleasant surprise! I got a Living Social deal and it was nearby. Reviews here seemed decent, so why not? Most everything is made from scratch. The blue cheese salad dressing was second only to my own homemade blue cheese dressing...and it's even possible it might be as good as mine. BF's chili was excellent. My chicken marsala was a bit rich for me but it was still very decent. Great service. I'd definitely go back again. Edit: I've been back and this place was dead as a doornail. I don't get it. There should be lines around the corner. I think it's a bit out of the way and I know I had a hard time remembering the name of the place so maybe that doesn't help.  The food here is the best bar food in town. It would be a sad day if Vegas lost such a great family restaurant. I'm taking it to 5 stars as a "best in class" because it has great prices and great home made food.
4 Good lunch food - in our group we had the fish sandwich, pepperoni pizza, and a big salad. The ingredients seem quality and the prices are excellent. Plus extra points because they have a couple good entree salads.  Happy hour prices are super duper cheap - like $2 beers, $3 wells. Only went to meet the hubs for lunch because it's near his work. Won't likely be back for the weekend scene, but it sounds interesting.
4 We love Dollar Taco Tuesdays!  okay...my hubby likes them because they are ground beef; if they had chicken tacos for 2 bucks, I probably would partake.  What else is good is a cup of the chicken tortilla soup!  Along with the plentiful chicken, are chunks of avocado and a kick of some hot spice. I also had the homemade tiramisu dessert which was the best I have had in a long time. The waiter was very customer service oriented. Yes, we will be back!
5 This was my first visit to Brentwood Cafe. Stopped in yesterday morning for breakfast. The interior is beautiful. I loved all the wood. The booths were so comfortable.  We were greeted right away. The servers were so nice and very attentive.  We ordered breakfast, the BF ordered the pancakes, they are huge. They were delicious perfectly cooked.  I ordered an omelet wit the Tenaya potatoes. it was great. Perfectly done.  We will go back and try the dinner.  We enjoyed everything about this place. Felt very comfortable here.
4 Their bar food is incredible! Enough said! Decent beer prices and wow the food was great.   Coconut shrimp actually tastes like it has coconut and the sauce is great. Philly was flavorful, the pizza was decent. Oh man if this becomes my new watering hole, I might be in trouble because the food is just that good. Plus they have interesting nights like Karaoke & Taco nights.
2 Terrible service. The chicken Marseille was overly drenched with sauce and overwhelming. Also the philly cheese was sub par with very little meat. However, Randell was very helpful and personable. Out of 10 people working he was the only  standout and the place only had 6 guests.
1 After reading the glowing reviews, I decided to purchase the Groupon and give this place a try. Big mistake.  We went on last Saturday evening around 5:30 and ordered our drinks and appetizer. The waitress (who looks about 13) came to take our order and when my husband ordered the rib eye steak she informed us they ran out of it. (FYI, it's the ONLY steak on the menu.) We decided to come back the next weekend when they would have the rib eye.  Tonight we went and were happy when they said they had rib eye. My husband ordered the steak and and was given a choice of two sauces to go with it. Of course, they were out of the sauce he chose so he was stuck with the other one. I ordered the chicken fettucini alfredo but was told I was not allowed to order it because we were using a Groupon and it's not considered a "dinner entree". Nothing looked too exciting so I settled on the fish and chips.   Our salads and appetizer (Southwest Egg Rolls) came out and both were tasty. Then came our dinners. At least, I think that's what it was supposed to be. My fish smelled fishy as soon as it was put in front of me.The fries were covered in glistening grease and were overcooked and soggy and when I asked for vinegar was told they "were out of it". (Anyone sensing a theme here?) I had exactly one bite of the fish and it tasted awful and I had exactly one fry. I am not a picky person (I mean it!) but that was the first time in my life that I left a meal basically untouched. My husband said his steak was really fatty but liked the veggies and potatoes.  Please don't waste your money here! The young waitress seemed oblivious to the fact that I hadn't eaten my meal because it was disgusting and when an older server came by and asked me if I liked it I told him no that the fish was bad and the fries were soggy.  He took my plate and that was it. No "I am sorry" or "Can we make something else for you?" Reading the other reviews I would swear that we were at a different restaurant.
3 It was ok, the beer was in a huge glass!  you needed 2 hands to keep it steady.  Even when it was empty, it was heavy.  The Guacamole and chips were awsome, the chips were right out of the fryer!  We got the ribeye, and veggies, it was good.  It wasn't awsome, I don't think it leaves a memory....After this review, I'm sure I will forget about this place. The cheese cake wasn't bad at all, we got the rasberry topping on it.
5 The food is awesome.
4 Great happy hour, pizzas are good, have tried most, only one didn't care for was goat cheese. Relaxed atmoshpere, nice place to unwind and knock back a few beers after hard day of work! Gonna try breakfast there soon, have seen good reviews.
5 This place rocks!  Cool, modern decor.  Food is wonderful and at a very fair price.  All of the staff were very warm and kind and attentive.  Will be going back there soon!
2 Went to Brentwood Cafe for lunch with my husband. Service was ok. The server never introduced herself. She did mention some upcoming promotions at the restaurant which I thought was helpful. Anyway...on to the food review.  My husband and I ordered the same sandwiches, yet I requested the turkey as the protein, and he chose the chicken. The kitchen made the order incorrectly and also put mushrooms on his sandwich when he requested it to be omitted and mine was missing the mushrooms. This type of problem bothers me because the kitchen cant make the food order correct and then it gets brought out without being checked. I decided to eat my sandwich, sans the missing mushrooms, while my hubby's sandwich got sent back. In the end, we had to take his sandwich to go because he ran out of time for his lunch break. Very frustrating. Then my husband calls me from work saying that he found a huge chicken bone in his sandwich while biting into it. Felt bad for him cause he was very hungry and had to take his sandwich all the way to work and ended up finding a bone in it.  Overall, the service was mediocre and the food was ok. Not coming back based on the lousy kitchen service. Honestly, it ruined our lunch.
4 Great little place off the beaten path. For a little neighborhood bar, this place has a very upscale vibe.  Nice bar, great patio, and awesome bar food.  The steak salad there is one of the best I've ever had.    A lunch spot favorite!
4 Place is legit. Have had dinner and breakfast here and was happy both times. More people should come here and spread the word. The vibe is chill and the staff is somewhat nice, some need a "tip" of smile and be nice
4 I met a girlfriend Saturday morning for breakfast.  This place is really cute. Lots of stacked stone and comforting hues.    I was unaware it was a college football bar alumni thing so the loud football on 47 tv's was annoying during my breakfast.    Regardless, I was pleasantly surprised when my exact order turned out to be on special.  Unfortunately, I did not get the details if this happens every Saturday or what?  2 eggs, choice of bacon or sausage, hashbrowns and toast for $2.79. Crazy!  I upgraded to tenaya potatoes which made it a whopping $3.29.    It was delicious.  Sausage was excellent.  Eggs cooked to perfection.  Potatoes flavorful.    The service was a bit shotty.  We ended up getting everything we needed but it also got served with a bit of cranky.  It was slow but we weren't in a hurry so it all worked out fine.    I've been for breakfats twice now, and I'll go again.
2 I've been here twice and the food is reminiscent of the stuff you find in the frozen food aisle at Sam's Club.     Not bad, but nothing to get excited about.  Happy  hour is 4-7 and they offer 50% all apps, pizza & drinks. The bartender wasn't sure how to make a bloody mary and they didn't have any worcestershire sauce in the whole restaurant, so she used A1.  The drink ended up tasting like a spicy glass of A1.  Despite Happy Hour's offer of 50% off all well drinks I was charged full price @ $8 because they consider a bloody mary to be a specialty cocktail.  On a second visit the bartender was much better.  Because of my previous experience, I decided to go with a glass of Chardonnay instead of a steak sauce tobasco cocktail.  He rewarded me with generous refills and comped my wine.
3 The first time I went to Brentwood, I loved it!  The prices are reasonable, the food is amazing (totally recommend the pizza) and they allow pets on the outside terrace while you eat.  The second time I went to Brentwood, the food was just ok and the service was subpar, but that's hardly a reason to stop going, in my book.  The third time I went to Brentwood, I ordered an appetizer of Mozzarella Sticks to share with the person I was with.  After a very long wait, they finally came out, completely overdone and only a shell of fried batter.  Nobody's perfect, so I flagged the waiter, pointed out the food and asked to take them away and not to worry about bringing a replacement.  His response?  "Do I have to take this off your check?"  I just about walked out at that moment.  Excuse me?  Do you have to take something that I didn't eat off of my bill?!  Common sense, please.  I have yet to go back.
5 I've driven by this place a bunch of times but never stopped in. Glad I finally did. Burger and California sandwich both amazing. Everything from fries to gegitables were fresh and delicious!
4 Nicely decorated place with great food. Friendly staff and management. Get the burgers - hand-formed patties and buns bought fresh daily from a local Italian bakery.
1 My boyfriend and I tried this place since he moved to a new place very close to this cafe. We should have bolted for the door at the first bad sign....it was Sunday morning and there was only 2 tables occupied in the whole restaurant. Secondly the place REEKS of old stale smoke.  Lets start off with saying that the breakfast menu leaves much to be desired as listed on the menu. VERY small and poor selection. Even then, don't be fooled by what they have to offer. My boyfriend ordered steak and eggs. The waitress told him they were out of steak because they sold them all the night before.....okayyy. So then he ordered a waffle. She then proceeded to tell him that they don't have waffles either because the waffle iron had been BROKEN FOR A YEAR!!!!!! He then asked her what they did have so he know what to order, so she said they were also out of steak, pork chops, fruit and a few other items. Another sign that we should have left, but we didn't.   Okay...so we both ordered french toast (as it seemed that's the only thing they had) and the BF asked to add the pecans on the french toast. LOW AND BEHOLD she comes back and said they didn't have any pecans, but they had walnuts.   This place was just horrible. It looks really nice and modern from the outside and even on the inside. The food was mediocre and their inventory SUCKED. Management is obviously not taking care of business. I felt bad for the waitress because it wasn't her fault but she was the one that had to deal with it.
2 This place was pretty dead when we went in. We sat in the restaurant area rather than the bar since they don't allow smoking.   The mozzarella sticks were pretty good and probably the best part of the meal. I ordered the bbq bacon burger with fries and it was sub-par. The fries were cold and a little soggy so I politely asked the waitress for a new side of fries. The burger wasn't anything special; not bad but not great. My husband ordered the french dip and I didn't care for that either. The bread was a bit stale and the roast beef was really dry, even after dipping it in the auju (sp?) sauce.  Save yourself the mediocre experience and go next door to volcano grille!
3 Food is great!!!   They do however need more servers!!!  We waited long to order, get food and finally eat, then longer for the bill.
3 I've been to this place 3 times and it wasn't until the last time that I finally enjoyed my visit.  I've been there for breakfast, the food was ok, it wasn't anything special or that you couldn't get at any number of places. The service was horrendous! I had to find someone to seat us. We were the only 2 people in the entire place (including the bar)  I've been there for lunch (in the bar), once again service was not good everything took much longer than it should for a place that at it's busiest while we were there at 10 people. We got a lot of "I'll be right back's" and they never were. We left to do the rest of our drinking some place that would treat us better when they took our money.  Finally I went for dinner and the experience was much better. The guy who waited on us Casey (?) was great. A little overwhelmed at time but he seemed to be the only one there and the place was actually fairly busy (for once). The food was great and he made sure we understood what we were getting. If the service was like that everytime we went in I know we would go back quite often.  The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is nice, I guess they have a couple of fire places outside which I hope to take advantage of next time we go!
2 Went here on a Saturday night with my family for dinner. When the server came to get our drink order, we each asked for water ( there was eight of us) and we also ordered nachos and some other appetizers. She came back with 5 waters and informed us that they were out Tortilla chips. Next we ordered another appetizer. The server came back and told us they were out of that too. My sister ordered a drink and they couldn't make it so she got a chocolate milk that wasn't mixed up.  I ordered a glass of red wine and when i said the name, the server looked at me like I had three heads. I had to explain to the server that the restaurant she worked at served a specific brand of wine and that is what I was asking for. Our server kept disappearing for long periods of time even though there was only one other table of two in the entire place. It took her forever to finally come and take our dinner order. Where we were sitting, we had a view to the kitchen line and a few of our dishes clearly sat under heat lamps for a while. My sisters dish was crispy and dry when it shouldn't have been and my mom's was dry on top and soggy on the bottom. Oh, and they must have been rationing water as well because despite asking twice for refills, we never got them. In short, service sucked, food was alright. Definitely will not be going back.
5 Good food and Great service..:)
3 EDIT:4/10/14 Back selling food w a smaller menu. Pizza and artichoke dip still on there though and as amazing as ever. Seems the lady Robin is cook waitress and bartender so be patient if service is slow.  EDIT: 1/11/13  This place has since closed its restaurant down and only has the bar open, bye bye to the best spinach artichoke dip - *sad face*  I LOVE this place! It's so close to us. The appetizers are the way to go as far as the food - spinach artichoke dip with chips (or bread is okay too) and the chicken wings are amazing! The Alfredo with Fettuccine and chicken is oily and cheesy and delicious as well. And a nod to the Margarita pizza. Casey is the best waiter, super nice and efficient. I really like that you can take your dogs here and eat on the patio. The first times we went here (closer to their opening) they brought out a couple doggy biscuits for the pug. Around Halloween they had a costume contest for dogs and Binkey won! Great appetizers and drinks and a good atmosphere even when it's quiet.
2 We visited today on a friend's recommendation. The food was excellent, but the service was really disappointing. No one greeted us when we walked in; after a few minutes, someone who appeared to be a cook came out and showed us to our seats. He also got us our drinks. The server took a while to turn up- she was the only server, and had a few other tables, so we just figured she was busy. It turned out that she was just really inattentive. After we finally placed our order, it took about twenty minutes for our food to arrive. The server dropped the food off, and took off without asking if we needed anything else, or offering any condiments. I was irked because I wanted some ketchup or mayo for my fries, so I decided to start with my sandwich and wait til she came back to check on us to ask for it. It took her a really long time to check back, though, because a group came in that appeared to be regulars, and she was busy chatting with them. By the time she did come back, my husband had finished his iced tea, so we asked for a refill and a side of mayo. She said she'd be right back with them, but we never got those items. Meanwhile, the table of regulars got their food very quickly, and had a table laden with condiments. It was incredibly irritating. The server came by with our check, never even mentioning the side of mayo or the refill. She offered a box, which I said yes to. I'm not sure why she bothered, because I never got my box, either. When she came to collect her money from us, we were wrapping my sandwich in a napkin. We got no apology, nor did she offer the box again. We left pretty pissed off, especially because we'd tipped fairly well. It seems that you only get good service here if you are a regular- which is a stupid way to operate, because how can you build new regulars if you treat people badly on their first visit? The food was great, so I'd order take out from this joint, but never again will we go in and sit down.
2 Disclaimer:  I've only been here for lunch.  My company recently moved to this side of town and Brentwood was really courting our business, so we thought we would try it.  I've been twice and other coworkers have tried it a few times.  I've got to say I have yet to speak to anyone who had a positive experience.  The first time we had a decent waitress and everything was average.  The second time was ridiculously bad.  There were only 2 of us and we both ordered burgers - after waiting 45 minutes(!!) we finally received our burgers.  Both orders were wrong in more than one way.  Its hard to believe the kitchen could make 4+ mistakes on 2 plates when there was only 1 other table of people there - its not like they were slammed.  The other thing that bugged me - they clearly just took my plate back and scraped off what I didn't want and left remnents of it all over the plate.  I HATE that.  Don't be so damn lazy - give me a NEW plate.  At least try to hide the fact that you probably just scraped it off with a fork and hid the evidence with a new slice of cheese.  Their menu is limited but the food would be decent if they actually got it right, or cared what you actually ordered.  This might be fine for dinner when you have plenty of time to wait but for lunch its just not worth it for me.    Tip to Brentwood:  When people show up at 12:10 with ID badges hanging from their clothes, they're on their lunch break.  They don't have time to wait 45 minutes for a burger when they have to be back to work in an hour.
5 I went here for the open mic last night (Friday).  Everyone was super nice and friendly.  Down to earth very talented musicians vibe!!!
4 My sister, father, his mother-in-law and myself had just left a showing of Wicked at the Smith Center and were looking for a place to have a late lunch/early dinner.  I suggested Brentwood since it's never packed and the food is always good.  We got there and I was delightfully surprised to discover that they're currenlty retooling the restaurant and bar to accomodate fans of the Texas Longhorns.  Unfortunately, during this retooling session, the bar was a little sloppy.  The menu was very small, they were limited on drinks and they were streaming the Longhorns game on a slow connection, so it kept freezing up to buffer.  I'll be honest, the only reason I'm giving this place four stars is because despite the remodeoling faults, my food was delicious and I can't wait to see what this place is like when they're settled and everything runs smoothly.
1 I was very excited when the Brentwood opened because it is stumbling distance from my house, but after my experience here I won't be back.  We sat in the bar area for 10 minutes and were never spoken to.  I'm not sure if it's because we weren't gambling or what?  But after 10 minutes of no service (we timed it), we left.  Big disappointment.
1 Garbage. We came for drinks and food on a Friday night. This is where it gets good....wait for it....They were inexplicably not serving food...At a restaurant?! Okay fine, I ordered a jack and coke. The coke was stale and flat and poured from a 2 litre! WTF? The bartender suggested I order a pizza?! All of this while the saddest assortment of dads lived out their pathetic rock and roll fantasies via bad (bad!) Covers of easy listening jams from yesteryear.  If you ever find yourself tempted to come here, do yourself a favor and just kill yourself instead.
1 Never again.  Staff was very rude and seriously felt like they didnt even want to be there!
5 Great staff.  Love the new menu.  Always friendly.  Like the cigar smoke room .
5 We held an event here, and it went so well! Laurie was very accommodating, and the food and drinks were fantastic. A few people in our group are gluten free and she made sure the food we ordered was gluten free, even going so far as to research ingredients online. Overall, the look of the place, the food, the drinks, and the service were all great.
5 We just moved to the SW, it is stumbling distance to home (behind Sam's Club shopping center). The nicest (and the cleanest, helloooo!) NON-CHAIN neighborhood bar we've been in.   Had a great dinner during their happy hour while playing the poker machines. Immediately greeted by a the friendly bartender Candace - she was attentive and fun - we had a few questions about the menu, she knew the menu well (AND she can actually talk football - nice!).  I had the tavern salad, my boyfriend had the jalapeno burger. They nailed it. Those beer-battered fries dipped in homemade ranch - amazing - yep I stole a few of his fries and I'm living to tell about it...  FABULOUS!
5 Brentwood is one of my favorite places to grab a drink with friends!!! The bartenders are so fun and chill. And OMG  the chicken nachos are seriously the best in town!!! The nacho toppings go all the way through so ever chip is covered.... Yum I like crave them!!   On Saturdays the karaoke is great! Tamara the bartender is so fun, she makes you feel so at home. If my friends and I want chill night away from the strip we always choose Brentwood! Close to home and fun!
4 Came in on a Saturday night, the bartender was super hott and did great at managing all the people at the bar by herself.   Do yourself a favor and order the macho nachos. Delicious.
3 Stopped in on Saturday night for the first time for some karaoke!  I think the place is nice...its very clean, and spacious.  It wasn't busy at all, and service was good.  Karaoke was awesome.  I would highly recommend coming out to sing here...the acoustics in this bar, combined with the KJ's ability to use a mixer (he was very good)...I sounded like a rock star. ;)  I'm a KJ myself, and am very critical of other karaoke hosts, and I was really impressed.    My complaint is that the drinks were really expensive.  It was close to $10 for a tequila sunrise.  I'm used to really cheap drinks at my normal haunts, so...is $10 standard for a tequila sunrise?  If so, I guess its average, but it just seemed really expensive to me.  I'd recommend coming down on a Saturday night for karaoke...have a drink, sing a song...have some fun.  I'll go back again...probably won't drink too much, but I will go again.
5 My friends and I love coming in here and Tamara is our favorite bartender! The beer is good along with the coffee. Come hungry because the nachos are to die for! I can also walk home if I need to so that's a plus
5 This is an excellent restaurants. I have held business networking events and laurie is always helpful and fantastic. This is a great venue for your events.
4 This place has come a long way. It is clean, friendly and the staff is great. But its always practically empty. Only been to the bar section, however now they have a pet friendly patio. Also it's now opened 24hrs.. I love this place!!
1 I've been waiting way too long to get my chicken burger.  Told me 6 minutes about 20 minutes ago.  This after they td me 40 mins ago that they were out of steaks.  Omg.  I won't be doing this again.
5 Stopped in on the way across town, super hungry & found this place!! Awesome burgers & super quick service!!! Ginger makes the biggest and best burgers in town!!!
4 Came out on Saturday night for another night of karaoke....  The service was incredible, and drinks were cheaper than I remembered them being the last time I was here.  I'd like to try the food next time. :)  Kudos to bartender Ward, for dealing with  my drunken, flirty shenanigans.   Definitely a fun place to hang out.  I will be back, for sure.
3 We normally ride by this place several times per week and so my family and I decided to stop in and check it out. The food was actually very good, but their was one point where we were the only people in the dining room. The server was good but service was slow because she was the only one in the whole dining room. I would recommend this place if you want some good food, but don't mind feeling like you don't mind waiting on the service.
5 OH I love this place. Can't wait for football season. Great food, the gaming, fun bartender, love the atmosphere. Just had the breakfast "junkyard skillet" - seriously good! Terrific neighborhood bar.
4 Ended up here for lunch a couple days back on complete accident (was looking for a different restaurant) it was lunch time so it was very quiet but it looked like everything had just been remodeled. Bar area was awesome and dining area was very clean and comfortable.   The food was delicious, I had buffalo wrap and my wife had the bbq chicken salad both of which I would highly recommend.   You won't be disappointed
4 I've been coming here for the last month. The new menu is great. The prices are low and reasonable. The service is amazing. Everyone is really helpful and polite. I love the burgers and sliders. Try the jalapeño burger. It's delicious. The dining area is large and clean.  Never too crowded. The bar area is kind of small but nice as well. I recommend that you come here and enjoy yourself.
