4 Kebabish Original is a brand of restaurants that now scale the country a vast menu that includes kebabs, curries, burgers, salads and mixed grills. This means that however fussy one of your mates are, they are sure to find something that tickles their fancy. From the outside Kebabish Original looks really trendy and modern with huge panel windows and inside this theme is continued and offers a really cool, trendy place to dine. I came here with a few friends after a game of laser quest, which is just down the road and I ordered a kebab, as I thought this would be the safest bet as the name of the restaurant suggests this is their speciality. I was right and the kebab tasted fantastic, and there is no comparison between the greasy kebabs I have become used to from cheap takeaways to this well seasoned one. My friends weren't as complimentary about the food however, saying that their curries tasted greasy, so I would therefore say that if you do come here, that you go for the kebabs.
5 Having chomped down on various shish, doner and chicken tikka rolls from various Kebabish outlets over the years, I have to concur with El Tel's viewpoint that this place is excellent. As long as you stick to the kebabs.  And what kebabs they are. Stuck on a charcoal grill often right in front of you, the proper barbeque taste is nothing short of fantastic, the salad is fresh, and if you avoid the doner, a few of the grilled varieties probably aren't all that bad for your health either.  Having only tried a curry once, it wasn't at the same level, but the kebabs are what it's all about, what they want you to experience, so grumbling about that would be like going to Pizza Hut and complaining that the pasta is shite, which it is.  Fantastic for kebabs, and with their rapid expansion, a testament to good old free market economics.
3 It's funny how a place can get some things so right and others totally wrong. I once had a big argument with a friend about how a chicken kebab isn't actually that unhealthy - grilled chicken on a pitta bread, with salad. "Yeah but what about the garlic mayo and chilli sauce?" "Well yeah, but McDonald's don't put burger sauce on their calorie count, do they?" 1 - 0 Wallace.  Anyway, the kebabs in this place are excellent. Beautifully seasoned and genuinely tasty, and cooked on a charcoal grill. The salad is actually pretty good too, not just the usual chopped red cabbage (why do kebab shops think this is OK?).   That said, the curries are no where near as good. My friend had a bhuna (obviously, we're Northern) and it had about half an inch of grease laminating the top. The actual curry tasted fine, but he had a slippery face afterwards. Go for the kebabs, nothing else.
4 What's this? Yet another review of something within spitting distance of your house Chris?! Quelle surprise!  Get over it. It's happening.  Sure enough, Kebabish is situated not two minutes from my house on Dalry Road, and if I wasn't spoiled enough already with the likes of Chop Chop and Sushiya a mere stone's throw away (amongst many other fine places), there's now another place to add to the list. That's right, Kebabish was surprisingly top notch.  We were met, seated and made our order with no fuss or bother and the food arrived pretty quickly too. Fun times!  So the food itself... my bud had the chicken wings for starters. They were amongst the finest chicken wings  I've ever had in a restaurant. Fact. I went for the quail (more for the novelty than anything) and for those who've not had quail... meh, it's alright I guess. This is purely down to a consequence of the meat itself and not the cooking or presentation of it - it was cooked well and has quite a satisfying meaty taste, there's just not much of it. I would have much rather had the wings...  For mains we both went for Karahis, I got the chicken and he got the lamb. Mine was better. For the uninitiated, a Karahi is a cooking pot which is used in the preparation of the dish - just so you know... (EDUCATIONAL REVIEWS!) The dishes themselves were mightily tasty with a nice mix of spice and flavour  - not bland and hot like many other curries, really quite delicate whilst potent. Oh hello ginger, thanks for that flavour explosion in my mouth! (I love ginger) - accompaniments in the form of rice and naan were satisfying but somewhat short of being noteworthy.  And hey, how could we not at least give mention to BYOB with no corkage. Simply brilliant.  The fly in the ointment and the reason for four stars in place of five? Well firstly the lamb in the Karahi was a little tough and (although still quite tasty) hadn't been cooked anywhere long enough to let it come close to being as good as the chicken. Secondly... £4.90 for two popadoms and dips?!  I even went and checked online to make sure we hadn't been jipped and true enough there it is plain as day... As someone who has frequented curry houses since youth I have never in my days seen that kind of disproportionate pricing.   But hey, don't buy the pops and you're in for a treat.
3 Have been a few times.  Serivce good, staff friendly and nice atmosphere.  Food has been mostly good but a couple of duff dishes (the overcooked prawn in particular).  I'd still recommend it though even with the ocassional mistake.
3 Kebabish is the UK's biggest chain of Asian restaurants. Their dishes from the grill are first class. I didn't care much for the place, though, and the service was down right poor.  Overall, we said: "the food that I had at Kebabish was extremely good. The service and setting don't match it, at all. The frowner-in-chief should turn his attention away from glowering at his chefs and glower at his serving staff, instead. If that dead-eye stare has the same effect on them as is does on the kitchen staff, he'll address the place's real weaknesses, in no time."
5 We decided to visit Kebabish after a bunch of guys from my office had a team night - and mentioned it as a bit of a meat-fest.  Wow!  The first thing is the smell - grilling meats .... Mmmmmmm!  From its quite trendy decor to the very attentive staff it was super all round. I had the sheek kebab to start - 2 large, flavoursome and piping hot pieces of yumminess, and Husband had malai boti chicken - which was a lot of meat for a starter. Our waiter was very knowledgeable, as I had queried what was the hotter of two main dishes, and he suggested I order the North Indian Chilli Garlic lamb with great flavours but get it vindaloo hot. Husband had Lamb Jhalfrezi which was succulent and rich - he mentioned how tender the meat was. There's a mixed grill which sounds amazing (the boys at work had it) which is a huge pot of chops, steaks and other carnivorous delights.  Even better: it's a BYO with a Co-Op next door so three bottles of San Miguel for £6 was all we splashed for drinks. Service was brisk but not rushed and you see the chefs behind glass. Highly recommended hence 5*.
4 After hearing quite a bit about this place we finally decided to check it out. It turns out it's a great establishment, you can't find such an array of grilled foods under one roof in Edinburgh as this place! The food is rather spicy but it compliments the meat nicely. Also the prices are very reasonable. I recommend it :)
5 Damn.....  This place was amazing.  The Mixed grill was so good I almost cried.  The chicken wings were the best chicken wings I have ever had ever.    Then I ordered lamb vindaloo and it was so tasty and so frigin spicy I actually did cry.  Well done.  Why is there no good Indian in America?
3 After passing by KO a gazillion times, finally had dinner at the place for a friend's farewell  Watching from the outside its brightly lit restaurant, we usually find it packed with people. We must have decided to drop in on an unusually quiet day.   Service is slow, which is disappointing.  We had naan and tandoori chicken...  pretty decent. As poor scholars, we thought the price was slightly out of a student's budget but overall, the portions was quite sizable.
3 Well priced with a decent range of dishes. Pretty swift service. The restaurant is a bit draughty though, as noted by earlier reviewers. Could also do with having the extractor fan in the gents fitted back into the plasterboard. A good place to go with a group of mates though so I'd be happy to make a return visit.
2 Oh dear, had a really poor meal here. Will never be back. The service was beyond poor and it took an hour for the food to arrive. When it finally came it was just fine - nothing to write home about - and I was completely underwhelmed.   At one point we asked a waitress how much longer it would be for food. No joke, she shrugged her shoulders and said "I don't know" and that was it! She didn't apologise, check with the kitchen, ask us if we wanted another drink, anything. I burst out laughing at her behaviour and the guys on the table next to us started a chat about how long they'd been waiting too, haha.   Was given a hokey excuse about the restaurant being understaffed at the end of the meal (after we tried to pay and had to wait another ten minutes), but honestly the food was expensive for what it was and experience very poor. Why bother going back again when so many other fantastic Indian restaurants in Edinburgh?   Fail, Kebabish. FAIL.
4 I have only collected take away food from this restaurant so I can't comment on the serving experience. It's true that every few months I see new faces (assistant waitresses mainly), but the Indian/Pakistani guys seem regular to me. It's considered a busy place, very spacious and the customers' origins vary.    Now, about the take away food. I've tried all their Biryani dishes and they're mouth watering!! If you live close by, it's better to grab the food and go home to enjoy it, as the price difference is considerable!! For example lamb biryani and peshwari naan bread for £10! A friend of mine tried a spicy lamb dish and he loved it (he's a curry expert with his friends trying different restaurant almost per month for years in Edinburgh). Their paratha bread is also great - lighter in the stomach compared to the naan bread!   It's easy to give them a call and order the food. What I found unexpected is that you will get text promotions on your mobile phone every two months or so and there's no obvious option to unsubscribe. I never opted in, so they seem to take it for granted when you make a phone order, I do believe though if you give them a call they should be able to remove you from the list.   Their punctuality is not the best when ordering take away: they don't check always how busy is the kitchen, and they mention fixed time 20 mins or so, but if you show up earlier, your order might be ready.   Oh, and they accept card payments for less than £10 without any extra charge.   Looking forward to trying more dishes and the thrill of the grill!!!
