5 (Hint for fellow Americans: Launderette = Laundromat). This one is open 7 days a week (except Christmas and New Year's), you can either use the self-serve coin operated machines, or leave your items for them to wash, dry and fold (but not iron). If you call, they'll let you know if the self-serve machines are busy. But it's only a little more expensive to have them do everything, if you can wait a day for clean clothes. Bring the clothes in a bag and they'll put them back into the bag clean and folded. At this review date, it cost 6 pounds per load (cash, pay in advance) for them to do it, slightly less if you do it yourself. We dropped our clothes off Sunday afternoon and they were ready as promised on Monday afternoon. They did an excellent job. It's very convenient, there are lots of buses that run past the shop, it's just 50 yards or so from the Carlyle Place stop on London Road.
5 This launderette/laundromat is a godsend.  As most travellers are well aware, laundering services are expensive, so to find a launderette that's local, and with such amazing staff is a complete boon. After searching on Yelp to locate the closest location to my hotel (Apex Waterloo, Edinburgh) I found Bendix by it's 5 star rating by another user. I have to say on arriving, I was a little unsure.  It's not the most attractive of places, but once you're inside, and have been welcomed and assisted by the staff you just don't care anymore. We were welcomed warmly, assisted with change and the best way to use the machines to get value for money (certain cycles don't spin), we were offered a complimentary tea or coffee and a biscuit.  An offer that was repeated several times during the hour or so that we were there.  Not only were we assisted with the laundry, when it came time to leave, we asked about the best way to get a cab, and our friendly assistant said that flagging a cab is the best way, and then stepped out into the road and flagged one down for us in under 30 seconds.  My expectations were low.  I only wanted something local, where I could wash and dry my laundry.  If I'd set higher standards, I'm sure they'd have been met, AND exceeded!  Great work Bendix, if I'm ever back in Edinburgh and in need of your services, I won't hesistate to seek them out.  As for anyone else, if you're in Edinburgh and looking for a friendly professional location to do your laundry, or even have it done for you. Go to Bendix! I couldn't be happier.
5 Tried it once and been taking it up here ever since.  Fantastic!
