4 Nice staff and wide selection of super-premium pet food in Summerlin. They also carry raw diets for both cats and dogs (sold frozen for you to thaw at your own convenience).  Grooming services, doggy day care, and (yes) even a bakery are all on-site. Prices are higher than your typical pet warehouse store, however the quality of food sold here is far superior.
4 we came here to get some natural dog treats and snacks, plus his raw food frozen patties! We also get his Yogurt Ice Cream that he likes so much, the Blueberry&Vanilla and the Apple Cheddar. They also bake fresh snacks for the animals, so we buy fresh baked biscuits and snack for him as a treat when we go there! They have raw food diets for both cats and dogs! The staff there is really nice and really love animals. We take him inside and they all love him!   This place is a grooming service as well as a Doggy Day care. We pay them $8 to file down his nails. thats pretty cheap if you ask me and its done in five minutes! They give him a good boy treat after he's done!   I recommend this service to anyone with a pet! Give it a try...
5 I have been a customer since the early days of the business, and have had such a postive experience with this store.  I take my three small dogs in every three weeks for grooming, and they always  come back looking fantastic.  I like the fact that I can make an appointment for grooming, and therefore have a rough idea what time they will be ready for pickup - no waiting around all day for a phone call from the groomer like at some grooming places.  Their doggie day care service is great as well, and the food and supplies are all top quality.  Most importantly, the customer service will definitely exceed your expectations.  They recognize me and my dogs when I walk in the store, and they take the time to look at the caller id and greet me by name when I call. Most importantly, Kelly, the owner, will go above and beyond to meet any special needs or requests for your pets - including tracking down a special leash or making a birthday cake for your dog!  I highly recommend this business.
5 I have been a customer of K9's and Kitty's for quite some time.  I love the selection of products available and that my questions are handily answered by the knowledgeable staff.  Speaking of the owner and staff, I truly appreciate the regard that they have for their customers.  If the phone rings while I am at the counter with cash in hand and places to be, I come first before vendors, family, friends or telephone solicitations.  A real plus for any business I give my loyalty to.  Further, I must take exception to a recent reviewers personal attack on Jennifer.  It is suspect that the rudeness and personal nature of the comments given were due to the callers inability to manipulate and bully the employee.  One can express concern without hostility, insult and hurtful commentary.  Frankly it speaks loudly to the character of the caller, not the employee. I have always found Jennifer to be beyond polite, knowledgeable and friendly.  These qualities are true of all of the employees.  A perfect choice for all of your pet care needs.
5 The staff are friendly & informative and they have a great selection of high quality food (raw food, wheat free, etc.) plus grooming service. A full service pet store that is client- focused with attention to detail = 5 stars.
3 Went in during the weekend to pick up some dog food. The store front is in a very convenient location and well maintained. The food was priced a bit over our regular store but only by a few bucks so no big deal. They had all kinds of unique treats and we couldn't help but pick up a few for our pup. She loves them by the way. The reason I'm only leaving three stars is because of one of the groomers thought it was appropriate to trash talk some of their clients to the other workers. I find that to be extremely distasteful. Don't do that in front of potential customers!
3 K-9 & Kitty's has been my groomer for about 2 years now.  I have tried others in the area, but haven't found anyone better as of yet.  They always do a good job and I seldom can't get in on short notice.  The groomers do a good, but not great job.  My dogs always seem to be itchy after a grooming, so I always remind the groomers to rinse they extra well, but half the time they don't.  Wishing I could find a better place, but this is the best I've found in the area of Desert Shores and Summerlin.
5 Bella looks FaBuLoUs after her grooming today! Friendly knowledgable owner Kelly and the groomer was great as well. good experience for Bella's first haircut. We will be back :)
1 Don't go here.  STAY AWAY and tell your fellow pet owners. I never post  messages but have to worn people. The owner was very rude and my dog haircut was terrible. She said they trimmed his nails but they did not do it.  STAY AWAY My fellow pet lovers. God Bless
1 Don't go here. STAY AWAY and tell your fellow pet owners. II served my country and I am retired and don't deserve to be talked or treated like she treated me. I never post messages but have to worn people. The owner was very rude and my dog haircut was terrible. She said they trimmed his nails but they did not do it. STAY AWAY My fellow pet lovers. If she treated me like this how did she treat my dog. I did not ... view more
5 The staff has been so great! Our dog just jumps into the groomers arms and doesn't even seem to miss us for the hour she is there. They do a great job and always let us know about when to come back and pick her up (and they call if they happen to be done any sooner). Even squeezed us in for a same-day appointment. $40 for bath/nails/haircut and she looks adorable!
1 Don't go here. STAY AWAY and tell your fellow pet owners. We served our country and I am retired and don't deserve to be talked or treated like she treated me. I never post messages but have to worn people. The owner was very rude and my dog haircut was terrible. She said they trimmed his nails but they did not do it. STAY AWAY My fellow pet lovers. If she treated me like this how did she treat my dog. We have called animal control on this store because they should not be in business of dogs with all the anger the lady owner has. Have seen it first hand and feel so bad I chose this store. I also had bruises like other people have posted on there dogs. STAY AWAY AND TELL EVERY animal lover like us to STAY AWAY from this very angry owner. She is evil. God bless
