5 I started going to Jodi over a year ago, when I needed to have my color corrected - I had gone to a different salon and person who did my color there just ruined it, but Jodi was very calm, confident, and professional....after taking the time to figure out exactly what I wanted and discuss all my options, she did a fabulous job fixing it, and I totally loved what she did.  Since then she's the only one I let do my color and every time I'm happy with the results, even though I've changed my color from red to blonde and now back to red - she does a great job every time.  She's also done the Brazilian Blowout twice for me, and I love the results of that too - my hair is so smooth and easy to manage now - it cut my blow-drying time down from 30 minutes to about 15 (I have long hair that used to be very curly and frizzy).  I absolutely will not go to anyone but Jodi now - she's the best!
1 Her technical skills, so far as I can tell with one visit, are fine.  And I love that she uses INOA.  So what's the problem?  Her service is beyond awful.  She starts on my hair, next thing I know, she's sitting in the chair next to me, while another employee COLORS HER HAIR while I'm sitting there.  Then she proceeds to tell me that if this other employee has time, they are going to cut her hair, so someone else is going to have to finish my color for me. That employee didn't have time, so she was able to get back to doing my hair, once she was done with her color service.  In decades of getting my hair done, I have never had such unprofessional service.  And this was a first appointment.  Seriously?  This is how you treat a new client, and expect them to come back?  Needless to say, I won't  be going back.  It's taken me a few months to write this review, because I hate to complain.  But this really was beyond the pale.
5 If you are looking for a person who knows her way around a head of hair then this is the woman you want to see. She knows how to cut and she's fast as well. I have a difficult haircut and suffered several clown-cuts until finding Jodi. I appreciate the fact she is on time for our appointment, remembers my style and is technically amazing in getting it spot on everytime. Jodi is not inexpensive but it is oh so true that you get what you pay for and there is nothing worse than a bad haircut, especially when you look in the mirror.
5 I was headed to a special event, having just flown in from LA.  I was referred to Jody, had never been to her before.  She agreed to add me in after her scheduled last client.  And I couldn't be happier with the result!  She was attentive to my preferences. And mentioned to me along the way when she was doing a technique specific to one of my requests.  It was great. My hair looks fantastic. Much appreciated!
5 I recently moved to Scottsdale and was searching for someone who could continue using a specific haircolor, Inoa, on me since I have very fine, thin, difficult hair. I hit the jackpot when I found Jody! This is one talented hair stylist. Not only did she immediately realize that I needed a different formula and color but she also knew I didn't have the best cut to maximize my hair type.  I've now had my hair colored twice, cut once and have never received so many compliments. She can take one look at you and, like a good doctor, immediately diagnose what can be enhanced. I am so grateful and highly recommend Jody. You'll be happy you made the switch!
5 Just thought it was time for an update since it's been two and a half years since my last one......I'm still thrilled with Jodi (and I'm back to blonde now, and going blonder using a phased-in approach so I don't unduly damage my hair).   The thing I like best about Jodi is that she really listens to her clients to understand what they want, but she also gives really thoughtful, insightful input based on her many years of experience and her in-depth knowledge of the products and processes.  She understands how to keep your color looking natural and the right tone for your skin color.....I always feel fabulous when I leave her salon.   As others have mentioned, she's not inexpensive, but Jodi is worth every penny and then some!
