5 Simple, cozy, modern design for a coffee shop. Plenty of loungy and plush couches and chairs. Open stage for live music. Staff was really friendly and upbeat on opening weekend (aug 20th-22nd) . . Plus free expresso drinks.  I wish I lived closer to this place - - because I know I would be a regular
5 I absolutely love this coffee spot! Located in the heart of The Shops at Norterra. Relaxing and open atmosphere and truly what you'd picture to sit back and have an amazing cup of coffee or tea. Amazing Chi might I add!
4 Elevate is one of the best coffee places in North Phoenix.  It's tucked in away in the Norterra Shops next to the Harkins Theater.    I'm not a coffee expert but I think a good espresso requires the right ingredients, good equipment, and people who know what they are doing with both.  I'm SO glad I came across this place. It has a great atmosphere ~ great seating everywhere both inside and out, uplifting interior designs, cool tunes give a good vibe, and awesome baristas make delicious intelligentsia coffee.  They use Arabic beans from the world's premier growing regions and equipment that seems fancy enough.  Best of all~ they are giving 10 cents per cup of coffee they sell goes to provide clean water for a child in Africa!  They have very friendly and knowledgeable staff that doesn't completely change by the day.  They consistently produce perfect tasting drinks far beyond the quality you will find the large coffee chains in the neighborhood.  They also offer a variety of pastries, deserts, sandwiches and soups.  They offer live entertainment on certain nights and weekends.  It's a great place to rest, relax, build relationships with your friends!
5 Dropped in here one morning to get a latte and a sparkly blueberry muffin at about 8am on a week day and it was DEAD.    But I bet this place is happenin' at night on the weekends.  There are a ton of seats, checkers games, books, magazines, comfy chairs... and it's huge so there's plenty of room so you aren't in someone else's space when you just want to friggen write a report.  I got the toasted marshmallow latte... yummy.  I kinda wanted it to be a little creamier, but it was still tasty.  I also had a sparkly blueberry muffin.  They get their muffins from someplace in Tempe who puts sparkles on their baked goods... and it really was good.
5 My new favorite coffee shop! The baristas are friendly and really seem to enjoy their work. The shop has comfy couch and chair seating, as well as tables for eating or working.   The coffee is the perfect blend of strong and smooth...none of the bitterness that sometimes comes with bold coffee house blends. Both times that I have gone in during the evening they have brewed a fresh pot for me without my having to ask.  The dessert treats are in perfect portions for a little taste of sweetness.  Loved the pumpkin buttercake!  Elevate offers live music on select nights, which I look forward to experiencing soon. They have both indoor and outdoor seating, and a separate area which can be closed of and reserved for meetings and other events.  Overall, this is a great coffee place with a casual vibe.
4 Met my friend Jackie to grab a cup of coffee and ended up staying for hours!  It is a great place to relax with comfy seats and a great vibe.  We plan to go there one night after a movie to sit and relax while listening to the live music.  Very cool.  They have delicious sandwiches and their baked goods looked amazing!    The baristas are so nice and helpful and very friendly.  The place is modern and inviting. They offer so many organic healthy choices.  It is located in Norterra close to the Harkins Theater.  Glad she suggested this place ~ we will definitely be back.
5 Love Elevate! Great place with a great cup of joe :) What I truly love is that they have tons of options that are great for non-milk drinkers (not just soy milk like some competitors).   Perfect place to grab a cup, study or even listen to live music on a weekend evening.
5 I love that Elevate Coffee Co is a christian based coffee house! The atmosphere is relaxing and homey. Whether you're there to relax and enjoy time with friends or to get homework (or in my case, blogging) done, Elevate has something for everyone. Live music featuring local artists can be heart every Friday and Saturday night.  They have a wide selection of coffees, teas, and smoothies. Elevate also offers pastries and desserts. I even heard they serve breakfast! The baristas are always smiling and ready to serve.  For anybody looking for a local coffee place to hang out, Elevate is the place to be!
5 This is one of my coffee haunts. It's a good place to meet and talk through all the pressing issues of the world. I am confident that the cure for cancer will not be found in an obscure medical lab somewhere, but will be realized by a group of people meeting at a coffee house and talking about it over the third cup of tripple shot espresso. Who knows, it may be right here.
5 Wow what a place!! nice decor and the staff was pleasant and had great suggestions. Took the time to explain their menu and unlike damn strbks I could actually hear what she said and didn't have to YELL my order!! So relaxing this place. The whole experience is better than any and their macadamia, walnut I think muffins are to die for!! My wife had the cinnamon roll  and it was enough for a family. Hurry and go there or better yet right next to the theatre before the movie.
4 GREAT coffee shop!  plenty of comfy chairs/sofas/ tables and outlets.  also free wifi is awesome!   coffee was pretty good, i got a 20oz americano for $2 and change.   Cheaper than Starbucks and the food looked pretty good too.  I knew I'd love the place when i first walked in and James Taylor was playing on the radio.   Also liked all the children's artwork on display around the shop.   A bit tough to find from the website, it's tucked to the right of the harkins movie theater and not directly accessible to the street.  you have to park and walk past the movie theater or park behind the movie theater to get to the coffee shop.  My iphone routed me 2 miles past the shop initially, but a quick friendly phone call got me right to the store :)  enjoy this independent NON Starbucks coffee house!
5 Great atmosphere this Friday nite. Nummy tea, great service. Excellent live acoustic work, Mr. Matt Beem ~
5 I've been looking for a nice place to study for a while now and I'm glad I've found elevate. The atmosphere is relaxing and other than the chairs being relaxing, their marshmellow whipped makes for a pleasant surprise.
5 I've recently become a regular here. Every wednesday night they have an open mic. You never know what to expect because it's always something different!  The Baristas are exquisite. Always in a great mood and they make everything perfect!  Everything I've had here has been great. Also, the pizza is pretty good too.  A great way to spend a wednesday night if you want a little entertainment and coffee!
4 Nice place to get work done when you're out. All the drinks are good. One star deduction because the counter help runs hot and cold.  Sometimes the service is great, other times they are more interested in talking to each other.
5 Lovely Staff! They are such sweethearts and say nice things on my cups! Their coffees and teas are delicious ! Prices for drinks are very reasonable too
5 Love this place.  I go to do my work during the day (never been there in the eve).  Like others have said the seating is great, atmosphere, vibe--none of the "you're not cool enough to come in this coffee shop" here.  I do miss Keenan, he was the BEST barista......    Elevate has the best espresso in town.  Usually my Americanos have nice crema on top, although like one reviewer said, the counter help is uneven -- my husband asked for an Americano and asked them to be sure there was a lot of crema on the top, and the girl poured a whole bunch of milk in his cup!!  He told her to make him another one (I would have choked it down and been upset).    Delicious pastries also!!  I've only eaten lunch there once and it was good too.  Can you believe blueberry coleslaw?!    The character breakfasts on Tuesday mornings are adorable -- although I did think Dora looked a little creepy this morning with her huge hands, and Elmo was suspiciously quiet....
4 This is a great coffee shop. a little closer than my local starbucks. Sorry, don't mean to C.B. (coffee Block ) you starbucks, but the Ice Americano is great! and the atmosphere is awsome. they seem to really be into giving back to the community also.
4 This review is a reflection of the coffee itself compared against the atmosphere and environment. As has been stated on numerous other reviews, the environment is great: open areas to study, scheduled live music, ample lighting, and friendly barista's. 5 stars for atmosphere.  However, where this shop loses points is in the coffee itself. The baristas know their process, but not the nuances of espresso. The coffee beans are freshly roasted (usually within a week or two from the roast date) and shipped from a company on seattle, but the roasts are dark and the taste is flat and smoky. In a world hooked on Starbucks, the freshness and consistance (they use a combination grind and tamp machine for consistant dose and tamp pressure) of Elevate give them a leg up on their monopolizing competition. However, for the coffee connoisseur, known to most as the "coffee snob," the espresso offers little more in flavor complexity or depth than a slight caramel sweetness overpowered by a spicy, smoky roast flavor. This flavor cuts through milk and provides a strong, smoky cappuccino, latte, or americano with little balanced sweetness. On the other hand, flavored drinks such as white mochas cover up the over-roasted taste and balance the sweetness.   Conclusion: Perfect place to meet, study, hang-out and curb your caffeine addiction, but the espresso has much to be desired by anyone who's drink of choice isn't laced with sweeteners and ounces of creamer.
5 Super cool coffee bar with a great outdoor patio for little ones to run around!
5 It is about time a local coffee shop opened in the area! I love this place. They have plenty of comfy seats, good coffee and great pastries! Try the Jesuit!  Live music on the weekends is alot of fun too!
5 I like coffee because I like caffeine, I like caffeine because I like to feel strung out but without the stigma associated with illegal narcotics.  Due to this fact of my life I always am trying new coffee places all over the country, even in New Zealand where if you order an iced coffee they assume you want ice, cream and on top of the ice and cream actual ice cream, that's just crazy to me.  Anyway back to Elevate, 1st off the place is huge, lots of seating that's really comfortable (couches and such) they also have a great menu of food items which all things considered could be good or bad.  Ive been to many a coffee shop with terrible food but Elevate ironically  "raises the bar" (GET IT HAHAHAHAH OH MAN THAT'S HILARIOUS, GOOD GOD I CANT STOP LAUGHING HOW ABOUT YOU? OH ITS NOT THAT FUNNY? yeah your right) and actually puts together some delicious food.  All their baked items appear to be made there and are spectacular as well as their sandwiches.  I had the french dip with blueberry coleslaw for the side.  What the hell is blueberry coleslaw?  I don't know but its F'ing amazing, so was the sandwich (ill post a picture in a minute).  Obviously the coffee is good too, I mean thats how they got me to go check out the place, its to me the level of coffee bean, really good not bitter like the hell that Starbucks serves *HATE STARBUCKS BTW*.  And they have a nice menu of different coffee options to satisfy any coffee lover, Elevate = Great :)
5 This is a great coffee shop for anytime of any day. During the evenings they have live artists come in and play, and it just has a really positive atmosphere.  There are tons of comfy chairs to sit and relax in, AND it's close to the parking lot, so its so easy to get to if you're in a hurry & just need coffee or if you want to stay and hang out.
5 I stopped in here on my way back up to Flagstaff. My doggie needed a bathroom break and I desperately needed a coffee. I pulled in not knowing what to expect but was delighted with the outcome. I ordered a Java Chip frappe and a banana loaf, both of which were delicious. The staff wasn't overly friendly but not rude. And I always appreciate a place with a clean bathroom.
4 First time here love the atmosphere and free refills on regular coffee!
5 Star-who??  ;)  I love Elevate!  They have terrific coffee, knowledgeable and friendly baristas, an awesome atmosphere and yummy food.  What's not to love?!    A+!
5 This is just a great place to get a cup of coffee, some food, and get some work done. Plenty of seating, including comfortable chairs at the tables, and nice furniture to kick back on.  They make a pretty decent breakfast burrito too.
5 One of my favorite coffee spots and worth the 20 minute drive. They have a great selection of non-dairy milks ( almond, rice, soy) and gluten free baked goods. Great, comfortable place to work, read, or meet a friend.
4 This place ROCKS! Very cool shop, large and roomy, lots of seats, nicely decorated, good vibe, decent outdoor area with additional seating.  They carry soy, almond and rice milk, which is totally awesome for a vegan like me that has a soy milk intolerance.   They've got some vegan packaged bars and oatmeal options, which is pretty cool.  They've got a loyalty discount program, which is cool and you can even place your order via text message in advance! r0x0r!  I'd give em 5 stars if they started carrying at least one vegan baked good. Their entire baked goods case has zero vegan options.
5 My favorite Coffee Shop! Great Americano and great food served by Batistas who take their work seriously! Fantastic place for meetings or just to enjoy the coffee and free Wi-Fi!
5 The World Famous Rock Springs Pies coming to Elevate!  I have wanted to try these pies and now I can at Elevate!  http://campaign.r20.constantcontact.com/render?llr=sg9qmmjab&v=001_bDIN3xz3MywMnHhDpmdHX9MrgG7j2pf82ERj9sLW-o9Ary4Vz34wBbltt0jk3xNYSItJ6OcSMkjlZXMVNK-cN6Lm_0Vaq4ah_X2dQ5UxzXQbJfqPQUThnV2IgG0qZUJnfYuwzOTEzOk1JbcDHaXpg%3D%3D
5 After a long night of entertaining guests there is no better reward than coffee for all the hard work done. And coffee did I get. I always passed by this place since I work in the same plaza where this place is located, but never had a chance to go into it. Its a very chic coffee shop tucked away from the busy main street and truly a gem if you decide to visit. As soon as you enter your senses are greeted by the smell of roasting coffee and an ambient atmosphere. Here is a break down:  Pros:  1. Comfortable: The place is littered with plush comfortable chairs ranging in shapes and sizes. However if you prefer wooden chairs there are plenty of those too. The music isn't over powering which gives no opportunity for it to become a distraction or annoyance.   2. Staff: The Batista's where very kind and knowledgeable in their jobs. Also they are not afraid to chat with you for a tid bit while you order and pay.  3. Text Message Ordering: This thing is the bomb. All I have to do is text my order to them and pick it up at the store without waiting in line!  4. Rock Springs Pie: For those of you who are not familiar with who Rock Springs is, it is a small little diner in the middle of no where on the way to Flagstaff. They are known for their pies which, might I add, are divine. If you love pie and don't want to drive half way to Prescott, then i suggest you stop by here and pick some up! I suggest the Jack Daniels Pecan Pie!  Cons:  1. Busy: Sometimes it gets really busy in here and seats can be scarce, however don't let that deter you because there are always seats outside.  2. Food Time Limits: Some of their food are only made at certain times. For example, the crepes are no longer available after 8pm.   Over all I fell in love with place which is a bit strange for a picky person like me, but this place really made an excellent first impression. I think this just became my favorite coffee shop, for now.
3 Currently in a love hate relationship with Elevate. I have gone a couple of times. First time service was horrible but my white mocha was AMAZING. Second time service was AMAZING and white mocha was horrible. I don't think they make their pastries in house because I ordered a lemon bar on two separate occasions and the were as different as night and day. One seemed store bought and the other seemed homemade. Will go again to see what the final deciding factor but one thing I can tell off the back that there is some inconsistency.
3 I am disappointed that my experience here didn't match up to all of the great review this place has gotten, I was excited. I heard about Elevate from some people at work, and since my husband is a coffee fanatic, I thought we should definitely try it. The decor was awesome but getting to the counter was a different story... The 3 women on staff seemed totally and completely disconnected from their work. No smiles, no suggestions since it was our first time, just long faces and monosyllabic answers to my questions. I would understand if it was 1 person maybe having a bad day, or even if it were early on a Sunday, but it was 10 AM and it was all three of the women that we interacted with.   On the positive side: I had a vanilla bean creme (no coffee) and it was very good, like a frappe but without the java kick. I also had a sausage breakfast burrito, which was really good (they have pepper-jack cheese which added a little unexpected heat to it.)   My husband had an Americano which he said was good, but his Nutella & banana crepe had been microwaved, so it was chewy. He ate the other half of my burrito instead of finishing it.  I am not prone to giving bad reviews and because of the food they're getting a 3 instead of a 2, but the lack of personable service was very disconcerting and I don't think I'll go back for that reason.
3 The location is convenient, it's nice & comfy, their espresso drinks are fine. But their iced coffee tastes like chemicals and/or liquor, not for me. I feel like this is something you need to have down for a coffee shop in Phoenix. I really wanted to love this place but after multiple visits, I won't be going out of my way to go there.
5 I suppose after 90 visits or so, I should finally provide a review :)  I love this place, obviously.  It's nice to know that there is a local coffee shop near me, and they know how to make great coffee, provide a warm, inviting atmosphere, and that is why I go there pretty much every day of the week, and occasionally on the weekend.  All of the staff are great people, and make a good latte.  If you are lucky, Joe will be there to make his "downtown" kind of latte that competes with any latte I've had, including Lux and Lolas.  That says a lot.  I even saw Santa Claus there over Christmas, so that is impressive too :)
4 I've come here a few times to look at funny things on the internet around strangers, to laugh to myself out loud and be ignored, and to have some amazing pie and tea.  About that amazing pie and tea. IT REALLY IS AMAZING pie and tea.  So far I've enjoyed the apple (not as good) and the mixed berry (oh wow amazing).  I've had the herbal cinnamon something or other tea and it's so good I want to go there right now to get some more and then find out the name of the tea so when I'm home I can get some.  The staff is super patient and friendly. Everyone seems happy to be there and it is always quite busy.  Not sure about all the self help/religious items around the shop, however it doesn't stop me from coming in to mingle with myself and relax and have a good laugh at my own expense.
4 My first time was coming here with my nieces bc they had Santa here taking pictures.  They were quick to send you the photos to your email which was great.  They even had a small craft for them with rainbow paper.  I discovered they carry caramel apple cider so that is a plus in my book since I'd rather come here than Starbucks.  2nd time around I came bc I found out they carry Rock Springs pie.  Got the mixed berry crumb. It was ok. Not quite as amazing as the reviews but maybe my expectations were too high but still good.  I liked that they had nuts in them so heads up for those with but allergies.  The crumb crust was a bit soggy but maybe that's what real crumb crust is like? Still good though.  As for price, I don't think it was high. If I remember correctly, Marie callendars is just as high priced and not anything amazing.   Will have to try the Jack Daniels pecan pie next time.  Overall the store is a great place to go.  Lots of couch seating and has a cozy atmosphere.  Much better than Starbucks. Even has outdoor seating for those nice days.
4 Very fair prices. A lot of seating, cool music, and the drinks are the best part. The service is terrible with a lot of grumpy employees. If you can get past that, the drinks and atmosphere are why you should go.
1 I've been to Elevate a couple of times because I really like the abundance of tables for studying, but I don't think I can come back anymore. My lattes always seem to be loaded with syrup with hardly any espresso. And I'm not okay with paying $5+ for a cup full of sugar and milk. The service seems to be really lacking too. During my last visit, I stood patiently at the register as the girl continued to take a long sip of her water and finished her "important" text message after making direct eye contact with me. Awesome.  If you just want a place to study, then I would avoid coming during the weekend because it gets pretty busy and loud with all the families rolling by after their movie.
3 Good drinks, but there tends to be a bit of a wait for your drink. That said, it has a nice atmosphere and is in a good place to go for a walk with you coffee.
1 Elevate appears to not care about answering their customers. I sent the quoted text below to them two ways: via email and a FB message and received NO response for either. In conclusion, not only is their service sub-standard and their products mediocre, they feel no need to address their customers comments.  "I spent some time at Elevate this evening...had some tea and decided to order some famous Rock Springs pie. I've never tried it. First of all, the service was nonexistent. I was given a number to take back to my table, 15 minutes later, nothing. I had to go to the counter...then they got it! It's not as if it was busy! The pie was visually unimpressive, especially for almost $5! It looked kind of small, fallen apart and no garnish. It tasted nice but nothing better than I could do.  I'm glad I didn't pre-tip for no service!" (originally emailed April 7th, 2013...then a FB message April 11)
4 A great indie coffee shop in an unlikely spot.  Great drinks, delicious eats, tons of variety, and a cute space, to boot.  The muffins and mini cupcakes are delicious, as are the crepes, both savory and sweet.  They also carry Rock Springs pies, so I can get a slice of chocolate silk pie without the long trek.    The place is definitely spacious, yet cozy.  There are an unusually high number of comfy, overstuffed chairs, as well as plenty of regular tables and chairs, so you can relax with a book, bring a laptop or have a meal.  My husband and I are regulars and we've always had friendly service.  Overall, a great "real" coffee shop in the middle of the suburbs!
4 A major Starbucks competitor in price, quality, taste, and atmosphere. Watch out because the sirens should be ringing by now. Great place, I will be back.
2 Overpriced, over hyped and the "service"  not good at all. If we had arrived when they were waiting on other customers, I could understand taking 10 minutes for a smoothie but that wasn't the case. Evidently counting tips during shift change at Elevate Coffee trumps customer service. Arguing between the staff about who is supposed to do what is unprofessional and annoying and shouldn't be tolerated by management either.  I wish the place was better because honestly a coffee or other refreshment after a movie is usually just what I need for the ride home. I've been disappointed every time here though.
5 Setting:  Saturday mornings for a relaxing breakfast, or evenings to check out the music or getting work done on the laptop.  Ambiance:  My only beef with Elevate is the amount of seating.  Yes, I know it is a coffee shop, and yes, I know the seating may be limited.  Whether morning or night, it is always difficult in finding a seat.  However, this is good for the business, as everyone in North Phoenix goes here for their coffee needs.  I like the stage for musicians and private area for gatherings and meetings.  There is seating outside as well, but everything just feels right about this place!  Food/Menu:  I would honestly have to say I have not had anything bad in this place.  The only blemish may be the ONE time I had a sticky bun; it was a tad bit overcooked.  Other than that, their crepes are AMAZINGLY delicious.  No joke now, nutella with strawberries and bananas in a crepe.  With your mouth watering they also serve savory crepes that will definitely fill you up.  In addition to the typical coffee shop foods, they serve pies from Rock Springs Café!  Can I get a "YEA BOI?"  Their coffee is quality while 10 cents goes to funding clean water in Africa.  You mean they serve us great food and also care about the community?  You bet your bottom dollar!  Service:  The owners and everyone that works here has a great attitude.  They also give 10% discount to teachers!  Woohoo!  Overall:  Hands down, the best coffee shop in North Phoenix, and guess what?  I live in North Phoenix!  Need I say more?  I will be seeing plenty of you Elevate!
5 Being from Seattle and used to having coffee on literally, well almost literally, every corner, trying to find a coffee joint that doesn't start with Star and end with bucks is a difficult one in Phoenix.  Elevate is the only coffee house close to my house in North Phoenix so I was hoping that the coffee would deliver or I'd be stuck going to the Green Machine.    First, the joint. Great joint.  Plenty of seating, both relaxed and seating to get work done and inside and outside.  The outside seating in the summer must be for those that don't have mold behind their ears because for us in Seattle, anything above 65 degrees without cloud cover is asking a bit much to be outside sipping on espresso. But, great joint to hang out at.   Second...but most important, the coffee.  I find it funny that people complain that Elevate put too much syrup in their latte and not enough espresso.  I have an idea...if you like coffee...drink coffee, not a drink that hides the flavor of coffee...I know...that's mind blowing information.  But if you order a caramel latte, with whip and a side of candy bar...guess what...you'll probably not taste much espresso.  Novel, I know.   I always get Americanos when I go to new joints to get the taste of the coffee.  Weird, I know...I like coffee, therefore I order...coffee.  Honestly...this place is as good as our local places in Seattle that don't roast their own coffee.  You can't beat a good local roaster, but this is some good coffee.    Third...the smoothies. My kids like smoothies.  I like it when my kids don't cry...therefore...I buy them smoothies.  They had the strawberry banana, I sipped it when they weren't looking...it was good, they had smiles, win win.   Fourth...the price.  Again...this isn't 7-11. If you want to go and get oil slick for 79 cents for an 80 ounce coffee..I highly recommend your local Shell Station.  Uh-mazing week old coffee... but, if you want some actual good coffee that doesn't taste like the bottom of a shoe...you'll have to pay for it...the prices here are no different than any other legit coffee house.  Plus 10 cents goes to water in Africa...you don't hate helping people do you? Well? Do you? Then pay up sucka.   Fifth...the service.  They've always been great here...not sure what happened to some other people.  Plus, one of the times the guy that helped me was named Seth and said I had a good name and that I could come back anytime...what a guy.   Sixth...the end.  Go to Elevate. Buy a coffee.  Buy your kids a smoothie.  Enjoy liquid happiness through a straw.
5 Coffee and Fraps are more than fabulous!  No bitter taste and orders are filled correctly.  Staff has been wonderful and even have smiles for us when it is crammed full of people.  The music night is always just plain fun.  If you get a little craving for something sweet - try the apple pastry - yummy or oh my the Rock Springs pies.  And just an FYI during holidays we always order a Rock Springs pie to pick up right from Elevate Coffee which is a huge savings in gas and always a hit for holiday guests.  Elevate also participates with Belly so easy to earn picks for free coffee, pie, lesson on coffee.
5 Don't even bother with the chain coffee places.  I like a quick cup of joe like the next guy, but if you want PHENOMENAL coffee in a relaxing atmosphere, go to Elevate.  The prices are spot on with the corporate competition but the coffee is 10x's better.  Keep doing what you're doing, you're the best in town.  My only suggestion is open one closer to my house!! :D
3 Elevate is the kind of place that I REALLY want to like.  It's not part of a chain and it's close to my home. I wanted to spend some time there and charge up my ipad at the same time.  I found a seat at a "group" table and went up to order.  A crepe with banana and nuts sounded perfect with  my iced tea.  After I ordered I noticed that the prices were not specific "crepes from 3-8 dollars.  Only after I had my receipt did I find out how much I paid.   I sat down and waited and waited and waited.  When I finally went up to the counter, about twenty minutes later it was apparent that they forgot my order.  I again told the person at the counter what my order was and about ten minutes later I received my crepe.  No apology, no explanation.  It was tasty, and the iced tea was nice.  But I feel that spending over ten bucks for a banana, crepe and iced tea was a rip off..
4 This was our first time coming here but before I begin I must remind you even though this review is solely about our dining experience it is a coffee shop.  While no one ordered coffee the smell of fresh brewed coffee permeated  the air, and it smelt amazing.  Anyway my wife, our friend Kathy R. and my self stopped here for lunch.   Kathy ordered the Southwest Turkey wrap which consisted of : key, bacon, pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, ancho cilantro ranch dressing & served on ciabatta bread but instead of the ciabatta she had hers on honey wheat wrap.` She said the meat stays juicy and shows lots of explosive savory and spicy seasoning. The vegetables are fresh and crisp  and a had a bit of a spicy taste to it.  She discribed it as a bit "fiery". Her choice of a side was the potato salad. She had an ice tea as her drink selection. She said the sandwich and potato salad was delicious.    My wife Carol got the Gobbler it had turkey, havarti cheese, cream cheese, cranberry sauce, spring mix & served on pumpernickel bread. I coud tell she enjoyed it by the fact she at the whole thing rather quickly. Sure enough she said the combination of ingredients and the flavors were wonderful.   Now for  me, I had the Raspberry Turkey Havarti Wrap. It had turkey, havarti cheese, lettuce/red cabbage mix, dried cranberries, raspberry vinaigrette & was  served on a honey wheat wrap. For my side I had mandarin oranges.  I have to tell you my sandwich had all fresh ingredients, the meats were all very tasty. The lettuce / cabbage was fresh  and crispy. The havarti cheese that was on it came through in every bite. It was simply scrumptious, very filling, tasty and refreshing. They are made with solid outstanding ingredients.  FOOD: In my humble opinion, the sandwiches here are absolutely delicious. Amazing food for such a low price considering what you get. Their sandwiches are unique becuse they use a lot of different ingredients in them not normally found in a sandwich. PRICE: Inexpensive prices / sandwiches! In fact I was floored by how reasonable they  were. SERVICE:  Our server was very knowledgeable & friendly. AMBIANCE:  Typical coffee shop /  atmosphere. It is a comfortable space with plenty of room to sit, work  with ample space for studying or to socialize.  CONCLUSION: I will be coming back. RETURN FACTOR: 100 %
5 I love this place! Great atmosphere and plenty of little spots to hang out :)  They also offer milk alternatives like almond milk
4 Stopped by today and picked up a cup of coffee.  Ordering was very nice.  A friendly welcome at the register was followed by patience while my heterosexual life partner agonized over what snack to get ( healthy almond bar or enticing pastry).  The Iced Coffee I had was easily the best I have had in years.   No old stale coffee kept in a pitcher.  Fresh, strong made coffee was used.  My heterosexual life partner loved her something-something-foofoo-machiatto.  This place serves the best cup of coffee I have found without flying 3000 miles.  Another great plus was the warm, welcoming atmosphere.
5 Best coffee in Arizona! It only took three months since moving here to find the perfect vanilla latte. I posted a review for It's a Grind Coffee House, and said they have the best espresso, but after discovering Elevate Coffee Co. I changed my mind. The former does have massive drinks if you want a huge blended drink, but as far as espresso and lattes go, this place rocks.
5 Great atmosphere and consistently good coffee!   I love that 10 percent of their sales go toward providing clean water for people living in 3rd world countries.  Certainly a great LOCAL alternative to Starbucks.
5 This shop is such an excellent place to go to hang out and talk- the atmosphere is so great! The workers are very courteous and were very helpful in helping us choose a drink. I am planning on going again, and introducing it to many other friends! Finding this place was a real blessing!
4 My wife and I have been coming to Elevate since they opened. We love their breakfast and think Brianne does a great job. She always is so attentive to our needs. For the most part, the rest of the staff also does a great job. We have one issue, that is Troy. He sees us and rarely can say hi. We have taken notice that he can be friendly with others. Once in a while, it would be nice to be acknowledged as frequent customers.
5 The service is outstanding and the drinks are outstanding.  Phoenix suburbians unite!  We must support all the locally-owned non-chain businesses we can!  If you don't want all chain restaurants in the suburbs, you have to support the family-owned places as much as you can.  Skip Starbucks and go here.  If you're in a hurry, check their website, they have text-based ordering where you can text your order in advance so they can have it ready for you.  They can also tie your phone number to a pre-paid account so that you don't even have to have cash or credit ready.  Very tech-savvy place.  Highly recommend!
5 Elevate is a super chill spot to go and grab a tea and study! They have free wifi and a big community table to study at and bring a study group to. The tea is delicious and they play good music!
5 My friends at the Anytime Fitness told me to check it out. So one day I ventured here after a workout and what can I say...I am hooked.  Love the airy atmosphere,  beautiful holiday decor, so many areas to sit, choices galore for drinks, food looks delicious and the price is nice. $4. & change gets you a 24 oz latte and its so good. Live bands too... amazing.  A new addiction.
3 Great coffee, awesome atmosphere and great people. Perfect place for a business meeting and they have conference space available.   I would give 5 stars, but the time it takes to get a coffee drink made is 2-3 times what any other coffee place is. It's worth the wait, but be ready to spend 20+ minutes on your coffee stop on a normal day, up to 30+ on a Friday/Saturday night.  To speed this along, i text my coffee order to their text service at (602) 315-5773 and they will have it ready when i get there- reduces the wait to about 5 minutes in line to pay.
5 Follow up on my Pryor comments about Troy not noticing us. Well Troy responded to the review in person. He took the time to sit with us and took the time to chat with my wife and I. Once again great food and Service by Troy And Brianna and Allysa.
5 Elevate is a great place to hang out.  Good Wi-Fi access and big open style tables to use.  Coffees are good too.  Their lunch menu is simple but fresh.  Their server here are super friendly which is a great bonus.
2 I usually get good service, however, my family and I (on different occasions) received really poor service from one particular cashier. I don't know her name but she is a tallish brunette and works the shift around 2 pm. When I asked her about coffee flavors she didn't say a word and just pointed to the selections and when I told her what I wanted, she asked me to say it again and said I was looking at the wrong menu and gave the most fake laugh, like she was mocking me. To top it all off, she nearly broke my credit card when she swipt it. This woman clearly had no respect for me as a customer.  I do like the coffee but receiving poor service and getting a snooty attitude from the staff is not worth it! I don't want to base my review on one person but man was she terrible!
5 Best coffee in town!!!! Great food too  Also a great place for meet ups and meetings.
5 I come to Elevate every Wednesday to work. I usually get a Nutella-banana + strawberry crepe with a xenergy. The crepe is awesome!  The atmosphere is great. I also love that they have a big community table.  You really can't go wrong at Elevate.
4 This place is super cute. It was across the street from my sisters house so when we came to visit we all went there for breakfast.  We had both a savory crepe and a sweet one. The turkey pesto savory crepe is delicious and the nutella with strawberries sweet crepe is even better.   Their coffees and teas are also yummy. They have an AMAZING frozen hot chocolate. I highly recommend it!!  The service is pretty good. We had a mishap with mixed orders once but it got resolved.
5 Great atmosphere and service. They always play good music and you can get free refills for the drip coffee. It's definitely my coffee shop of choice. I appreciate the relaxed feel to the store.
5 Favorite mom n pop coffee shop! The chai tea latte will change your life forever! This is a cool spot for hanging out with friends on a Saturday night while listening to cool local music, but also just as cool on a Tuesday afternoon for just chillin out with some coffee by yourself.
5 Here for great coffee and their weekend music on the stage.  Six piece band playing tonight.
5 It has become a family tradition to go to Elevate on the weekends for coffee and crepes!  Love this place and such great staff and service!
5 Like everyone else, this place has made me a regular. Their drinks are top notch and they offer almond and soy milk. The food here is way above par. Their Nutella and strawberries crepe is my favorite! I posted a pic of it if you would like to check it out. I have also had their southwest chicken sandwich and a breakfast crepe. The flavor in their food is amazing and you will not be disappointed. The ambiance is very homey and chic. The staff is always friendly. Their honey latte with almond milk is my fav!
5 I am usually a Starbucks gal, but this coffee blew them out if the water! Cool atmosphere too! Customer service was amazing! We will be back for sure :)
5 Although it's a bit pricey... I adore this coffee shop! It's a local place and I love supporting local. They have great food too! My favorite is the breakfast burrito. And nothing compares to their soy chai! Yum!
5 Great breakfast munchies. Clean. Wide open spaces. Wifi. Oh, and great coffee. If you don't already know the wifi password just ask at the counter. The only downside is that it's in a mall.
5 I haven't been making yelp reviews for a while but after going to this place, I just couldn't stop myself.  I went here 3 times in one week, I tried out the savory crepes, the sweet crepes, their teas and I just enjoyed it all. The Nutella crepe with strawberry + banana was awesome and so was the honey banana almonds.  I will probably end up trying everything on their crepe menu though.  If you are waiting for a movie or need somewhere to hang out afterwards or any other excuse you can think of... come here, I enjoyed the service, the atmosphere and their food.
4 I tried their caramel mocha and liked it! I like the location of it because if you want to study, there's enough space inside and not too loud, and also, you can walk around and visit the shops around it! I would go back for their crepes ! :)
5 Amazing raspberry turkey havarti wrap. Cold soup was playing and made it a awesome night.
5 This is by far the BEST coffee shop I have been to! I'm a student, and I prefer to study at coffee shops so I have been to quite a few around the valley and can honestly say nothing compares to elevate. The people who work there are all extremely nice, the coffee is great (I prefer it to Starbucks for sure), crepes are amazing, and best of all is the atmosphere - perfect both for studying and for socializing. There's always plenty of outlets, lighting is great, as well as the wifi. Really there's nothing bad I can say about it, It's a fantastic place!
