4 Under various names there's been a French restaurant on this site for many years. In it's current guise there's really little difference evident between the last incarnation - the food and wine are of a high standard (although the rabbit rilette would benefit from another couple of pieces of toast), the service courteous and in fact lightning quick - we'd enough time to settle and choose our food but after that there seemed hardly any time to wait between the starter arriving and following it's removal the main courses appeared after barely a breath. If that's the case at busier times then it's indeed impressive.
5 The atmosphere of relaxed, welcoming, effortless charm in L'Escargot Blanc is one of those rare commodities that if bottled would sell in profuse amounts. The food is rather good, too. It really is the ideal spot to spend a relaxing evening.  Overall, we said: "The elephant-memoried among you will remember that I was not a fan of their sister restaurant, L'Escargot Bleu, on my visit. The reservations I had about Bleu were not in evidence here, and I thought Blanc an absolute delight. This is in no small measure down to the service, which was beyond friendly and much like being invited in to the home of a treasured family member. Without question, I'll be back to sample further dishes from their ever-changing menu."
5 Tres Bon!  Love this place!  After all, what's not to like about a darling atmosphere, amazing food and servers who love what they do?  A big thanks to Yelp Edinburgh as I was looking for a place not too far from my hotel to have dinner.  I had done plenty of pubs so on this night, a finer dining experience was in order.  Checking out my local Yelp connection put this on a short list and after calling to get a reservation, was able to get in the same night.  If you go- know that this intimate restaurant is located on the second floor of the building.  Ask for the cute table for two in front of the window and you won't be disappointed.  We sipped our wine as they lit the candle on the table, watching the people walk by on the street below us.  They are known for their casseroles and on this night they had three available- one with sausage, one with lamb and one with rabbit.  My friend opted for the rabbit casserole and I went with the trout entree.  As for starters- you can't go wrong with the mussels . . . . .these were so good as the white wine sauce had blue cheese in it as well which perfectly complimented the mussels.  Soaking up all that delicious sauce with the crunchy bread almost spoiled my appetite for my trout but I persevered!  My trout was pan fried and served over mashed potatoes.  And my friend's casserole was perfection on a plate and I loved that they served a portion of it to him leaving the rest for him to spoon out on his own.  The sauce alone would have me coming back.  And if that wasn't enough- check out the dessert menu.  I think I died and went to heaven when I took my first bite of the sticky toffee pudding.  This gingerbread like cake was covered in a rich buttery toffee sauce and served with ice cream.  I threw my diet to the wind and basically ended up licking the plate (not really . . .but I wanted to!)  The food is amazing at this little understated place.  And the prices?  Reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food and service.  Dinner for two with wine and dessert ran about 86 pounds.    I am heading back to Edinburgh in a couple of weeks.  You can bet that L'Escargot Blanc is going to be on my "go to" list.  And it should be on yours as well!  Bon Appetit!
5 i started this review by thinking i should give it four stars, but then as my fingers got typing i realised that only 5 stars would really do.  l'escargot blanc holds a special place in my heart, it was where me and the boy had our second date almost two years ago and has now become our anniversary and special occasion place to dine.  trying to book a table for new year's eve three days before the actual night proved a bit tricky, but alas this little french bistro hidden away up a flight of stairs on queensferry street had a table for two at the time we needed.  in fact when we turned up a few minutes early the place was almost empty, not a reflection on the quality of food and service you get here but more so that this is a place you have to know about in order to come to.  and i can confirm that about 20 minutes after we'd sat down the rest of the restaurant started to fill up with other new year's eve diners.  we were seated quickly, offered a table at the window or in one of the main dining rooms.  we went for the latter as the maitre'd was kind enough to point out that we may get a slight draft from the window if we were the type of people that got cold easily.  i am, so happily opted for the other table.  despite it being new year's we were offered a set menu or the a la carte which i found really nice if you were trying to have a nice dinner but not spend loads of money.  although i've been to the restaurant a number of times, the boyfriend and i tend to get the same meal as it's what we had on the second date.  this is the perfectly cooked cote d'beouf (or shoulder of beef) with a side of potatoes and dressed salad.  before this i got a very lovely pumpkin and roasted celeriac soup with parmesan that was so good i used the fresh baguette to wipe the bowl clean.  my boyfriend got the snails, he confirmed they were very tasty but i refused to try...i mean snails, sorry just not my thing.  but if they are yours, l'escargot blanc serves them in a traditional plate with loads of garlic butter.  after our starters were cleared away the massive shoulder of beef appeared.  it was carved by the waiter and cooked to a perfect medium rare.  there were some delicious potatoes (possibly roasted in butter?) and a lightly dressed salad that rounded out the meal really well.  we were each given four huge slices of beef and had a choice between french mustard or a red wine and onion sauce to top it with.  it was just amazing, my mouth is watering thinking about it now....    after a rather large main course we opted to share a cheeseboard and have coffees instead of pudding.  this rounded the meal out perfectly and i didn't feel too full when we left to go to the new year's eve party at the dome.   the only slight draw back of this restaurant is that if you order a la carte it can be a bit pricey.  but that said the quality of the food is totally worth paying the price for.  the wait staff are also super friendly and are able to judge the timing of all the courses perfectly so that you enjoy your meal but don't feel rushed through it or that you're waiting ages for the next course.    there is no doubt i'll be back here again, but i hope next time i can convince myself to break from tradition and try one of the other amazing looking main courses!!
5 Edinburgh is now blessed with bistros and restaurants providing the best in world cuisine, from Italian to Chinese, Kurdish to Mongolian we have it all. My favourite however still has to be French, from classic Escoffier to the more rustic I love the way in which they seem to be able to celebrate produce.  After a walk to the Castle Terrace Famers Market Steph and I decided that lunch out would be a nice reward for our newfound healthy lifestyle and gym going. In search of reasonably priced and yet reasonably healthy food we came across L'escagot Blanc. With 2 mains for £10.90 this was ideal for us.  Once you have a chance to sit down and take in your surroundings you are taken by the charming, rustic French decor. All of the staff are French and greet you in their mother tongue, something which I love. Steph pointed out the staff don't wear uniforms, something which we both agreed added a homely feel we loved.   To the food, after some deliberation I opted for the warm fish terrine and Steph the homemade rillette with gherkins. My terrine was fantastic, the flavour was very well measured and the texture soft. I can't say I have had many fish terrines in my life but this was certainly the best. It came with a crayfish sauce that set it off brilliantly. Stephs rillette was also lovely, but I was happy with my choice :). The rillette was served with a jar of gherkins so you could have as many as you would like or not as it were.   For our mains I chose the Lyon Saucisson with puy lentils and Steph had the Fish of the Day which was pike. My dish came to the table in a pot and was served by the waitress, great restaurant theatre. What made this even better was that there were seconds to be had in the pot.   As the manager said to us on the way out their food is what great French food is all about, simplicity and great flavour. The sausage and lentils went brilliantly together and the qaulity of the sausage was great. Just one of those dishes that make you go YUMMMM.    Stephs pike was equally impressive, so gently cooked the flavour was tremendous. Soft soft fish with a tomato sauce, it worked well. Again simple and delicious. There can't have been many more than five ingredients in either dish but both were so tasty.
5 Oh, friggin' brilliant.  This was a complete I-just-walked-past-and-this-looks-interesting-let's-check-Yelp-which-had-good-reviews-so-I'll-book-lunch-here-tomorrow-'cause-I-wanna-try-this-place experience. And I was not disappointed.  Had snails for starters, pig cheek casserole for main, and sticky toffee pudding for pudding.   My other friends had the fish of the day (HUGE portions) and the rabbit casserole - all were fantastic. One of them also had the mussels in a blue-cheese kind of sauce... OMG it was amazing, just simply brilliant.  OMG the food was amazing, and the service brilliant. This place could easily become one of  my favourites. Highly recommended.
5 Goats cheese mille-feuille? Yes please. My mum wanted to go to a French restaurant, my dad was against this decision, but we ended up going after seeing this little item on the menu.  I first found out about this place after finding that it was recommended by the French institute. I thought that had to mean something, so gave it a go...   The interior is quintessentially French, checkered tablecloths, romantic candles in aged wine bottles, retro movie posters and a definite presence of French speaking staff. This could be tacky and touristy, but it's not. Instead, it's sneakily hidden up a flight of stairs, and well out of eye shot. Thank goodness, I wouldn't like this secret to be shared with EVERYBODY!  I found that the mile-feuille was more than enough, as it came with a salad and was very rich in itself... Imagine it, soft, tangy goats cheese, nestled between layers of filo and roasted vegetables, a feast for the eyes and mouth. I am positive that feasting the eyes satisfies the belly in itself. My mum had a fish dish, which looked very well done and she said it was delicious, whilst my dad had a potato gratin. I tried some and it was incredibly more-ish, creamy cheese fondu wrapping around thin slices of potato, with a crispy layer of breadcrumbs and more  cheese on top, the comfort food of kings. You may have a problem if you don't like cheese...  For pudding I went straight for the most unfamiliar option on the menu: ile flottante, i.e. floating island. Google it if you are curious to see what it looks like, my description will not give it justice: a light meringue, submerged partially in a very light vanilla custard, topped with rose petals or red berries. I have since had this same pudding at a Michelin star restaurant in Paris, and I can confirm that this was every bit as good. It's delicate, light, and quite healthy, as far as pudding goes.   If you want French food, look no further. I'd love to come back with my boyfriend as I think this would be the perfect place for a romantic evening out.
5 Perfect French lunch. Good value, and as I wanted to try all options I had 2 set lunches. All dishes were authentic and a pleasure.
5 Bonjour Monsieur L'Escargot, you are looking very delicious today. I think I may just eat you.  I had long heard about the exquisite, oh-so-very-French, French food at L'Escargot Blanc. I was told it was the ideal place for a first date, the most delicious place to bring a family for a meal. Having grown up spending 1 month a year of my childhood in France, staying with a French family, I love French food and I like proper, hearty, rustic French food.  And so one Saturday evening I trotted up the stairs admiring large posters of French men enjoying cheese by the block, walked into a small, charming bistro with a cabinet full of large blocks of cheese, and was shown to a small table by the most charming French waitress. My only complaint of the whole evening was that we seemed to get the least good seat in the restaurant. It was squeezed beside a big round table, and rather than sitting parallel to the wall, stuck out from it. We weren't jostled, but just felt a little out of place. But this isn't the end of the world.  The main style of dining in the mains was either the hot pot style of cooking, which the Stew of the Day (Coq au Vin) and the rabbit were served in. Similar dishes, both in gravy / red wine, with potatoes, shallots and mushrooms. The meat was tender and fell off the bone. The other main I saw was the steaks, the fish, and then the sharing beef. I think it was around £50 or £60 for a joint of beef to share. It was cooked in the French fashion (still bleeding inside, yum) and looked marvellous.  There was a lack of foie gras and lamb on the menu; the mains are quite limited in choice. I was sad to also not see crepes on the dessert menu. They would have been a nice, lighter way to round up the meal. But the creme brulee was the lightest option, and my chocolate tart was so dense and rich and double-cream-meets-butter-meets-dark-chocolate-goodness that I at once couldn't eat another mouthful, whilst proceeding to eat it all.  The starters were perhaps the most exciting. Snails, presented in a traditional wee dish, with garlic butter. I didn't eat the snails, that my partner ordered, but dipped the bread in the garlic butter after. My French Black Pudding was something quite different to british black pudding. It looked like a sausage, and was a huge serving. It had more of a meaty, fatty texture and taste too, and was scrumptious with the calvados-soaked stewed apples.  A word of warning: it is rustic French cooking at it's most rich. Everything is probably cooked in butter, and wine, and love and passion and fat. I can normally manage three courses and feel comfortably full. I felt a little nauseous at the end, but that was entirely my own doing for not stopping after the first mouthful of the chocolate tart. Black pudding and chocolate tart either side of the 'light' rabbit main. Oh my.  It was £89 for two people eating three courses, and three glasses of wine. Perfectly reasonable, with mains being around £14 - £17. Not cheap, but not overly expensive either. You can come here for a guaranteed very well cooked meal without the pretence and pomp of fine dining. So relax, wear jeans, loosen your belt buckle, and indulge.   I would like to see more choice on the mains menu, and really would have loved to eat foie gras. I'd also like my size 8 jeans to fit me again, but this isn't the fault of Mr Snail.
4 I came to L'Escargot Blanc to eat snails but there was almost a moment of crisis. The snails are not usually gluten free! WTF? Flour is added to the garlic butter to soak up some of the fat from the butter. My devastated look made our waiter rush into the kitchen where he came up trumps - they could make up a fresh batch just for moi, sans gluten! Hallelujah! I had the snails and they were fab - just not in their shells as you get them in France for anyone who looks a little perplexed if they order them.  So, I really did like L'Escargot Blanc but I can't quite give it 5*'s. The food was lovely - I ordered fish and my dish was, I guess being fair, lukewarm, My cod though was lovely with a creamy tomatoey sauce with hints of tarragon and accompanied by perfectly creamy mashed potato. My dad had ordered the same dish and his was fine.   My mum ordered the special - it was meatballs (though fancier name which I forget) that came with potatoes. Sounded fab and when it came in its little iron pot, it looked lovely and it at least got the thumbs up on the taste test. It wasn't a huge portion and for two meatballs and two 1/4 of potatoes, it wasn't worth £19 either so not so much 'hearty' (generous portions) French fare, more rustic, fine dining portions.  There was room for dessert - the cheese board shared between my parents went down well and I opted for a Dame Blanche - meringue, ice cream, chocolate sauce - yum. The house red was decent and beer options include both Scottish and French beers.  So, I would come here prepared to eat 3 courses. It does look like a typical French bistrot, with food prints on the wall, French staff who are tres jolie and French music courtesy of French radio stations on in the background. The food is typically French - I lived in France for a year and this is authentic French cooking using the best of Scottish produce. The daily changing menu's means there will always be something different to choose from but the potential for disappointment. However, call ahead as they are so accommodating, I'm sure they could sort out special requests.
5 Best French restaurant I have ever been to other then going to France. Came here for a late Valentines Day dinner with my Girlfriend. Excellent service, had a very friendly waiter who took care of us . They took our coats for us and hung them up which I cant remember the last place that has done that for customers. The food was AMAZING the menu is a rotating one so their might be something one day, then something else the next. I had a roast squab and it was just delicious. The snails were also amazing! When it came to the bill I was expecting a rather large bill, but it was cheap! We had a bottle of wine, appetizers , two main courses and a dessert for all around 60-70 quid! I am keeping this place as my special restaurant that I go to once in awhile because I want to be excited every time. Go here folks for a nice romantic dinner.
5 When you're dealing with a party of 20 or so, finding the time to tweet them a photo of the beautifully-set Christmas tables all ready and waiting, WELL before they arrive, is probably a sign that you have got things well under control. And when you manage to bring out all of the dishes for each course in fairly impressive synchrony, well, that's confirmation.  L'Escargot Blanc is fine dining, but it doesn't feel like it. It's not intimidating; trundling up the stairs past French posters to be received at the top by someone taking coats, it feels more like visiting a friend's rather nice West End flat. It's not particularly spacious or impressive; it's sweet, and it's warm, and it's welcoming. That said, we weren't cramped; it isn't little - just cosy.  We were all served an aperitif aux truffes - a mushroom aperitif? Really? But it did smell fabulous and those who consumed it all seemed to agree that it was excellent. For a starter, I had butternut squash and chestnut soup - absolutely delicious. It was still piping hot and the chestnuts provided a gorgeous addition to both texture and flavour. I would have liked to see more bread - there was a basket for everyone before the starters came out, with a small pat of butter served on a wooden spoon (adorable!) but we were greedy birds and had consumed most of it before the course arrived - but on reflection, given what was to come, I'm glad there wasn't!  Next up was turkey, with more chestnuts. Hey, don't judge me; I've never had chestnuts before and I was excited. Plus, if you can't have turkey at a Christmas dinner, when can you, eh? Actually, venison with beef cheek in front of me to begin with. However, the head waiter instantly noticed my puzzled expression and scooted over from the other end of the room as though on a hoverboard (come on, science, get your act together, you've got less than two years now), crying "Ah, but you're not having that! You're having turkey, no?" How he remembered this is utterly beyond me but I was super-impressed.  Ah, turkey, that contrary bird, sticking its tail feathers up at ease of preparation, insistent on being dry and tasteless... well, not at L'Escargot Blanc. It was as delicate and flavoursome as the best chicken, but obviously turkey-tasting. The potato puree on which it was served was a spuddy dream come true - creamy and lush, with for perhaps the first time ever, enough salt for me; it actually almost stole the show!  The final delight of the evening was the iced vacherin. In the spirit of Yelpy adventurousness, I ordered it for the exact reason that I had no idea what it was. It turns out that it's basically Eton Tidy. It's what Eton Mess looks like before you beat it with a mallet, and with added ice cream and crushed hazelnuts. This is, in short, an epic win.  I'm definitely putting L'Escargot Blanc on my list of "places to take people I want to impress". In fact, I'm starting that list especially for this review.
4 The Yelp Christmas dinner proved to be an excellent introduction to a restaurant that immediately went onto my eat-here-again list. They did an amazing job of handling our group of 20 people.   We were greeted with a truffle-flavored aperitif - certainly something I'd never tasted before. I started with the butternut soup, which had a really nice balance of flavors. Next came the parmesan risotto stuffed into a miniature pumpkin (complete with a very smart hat) - an interesting and well-done combination of flavors and textures. The cheese plate was a bit disappointing - in anticipation I had imagined up something much more impressive than what came.   I will have fond memories of that salted carmel creme brûlée for a long, long time.
3 On arrival we were asked for our coats and we were seated swiftly. With just about enough space for other patrons and waiters to move around. -Well we were with 20 peeps  The atmosphere was jovial and warm. Supplied with an Truffle Aperitif we could let our eyes wander on the set Christmas Menu.  I decided on the Duck Parfait, Rib-Eye Steak with Mash and a Cheese Selection for afters.   The Duck Parfait was beautifully made and well tasty. I (now) understand that the toasted baguette slices were supposed to close to being burnt so they will crunch. Mine however was a little too burnt and had to be replaced. Which they promptly did.   The Rib-Eye was cooked medium rare and quite succulent - the gravy was a real treat. I particularly liked the creamy mash, that worked so well with this. However the overall meal wasn't outstanding and no culinary highlights, just a good hearty meal  à la française.  The desserts looked brilliant, I really liked the Crème Brulee... but didn't I said earlier that I ordered the Cheese Platter? I did.. which was 2 blocks of French cheese and a oatcake wafer and some salad leaves, all right I suppose.   There wasn't much in offering of beers or wine - in fact they didn't push us to order anything to drink as such, they kept refilling the water tout suite. After I requested the wine list  I shared a bottle of wine - however it was a second choice as the one that we wanted was not available. "That one - the Gamay - hasn't arrived from France yet"  In all I wasn't fully feeling it, I didn't get the 'special meal time' feeling and I was a little underwhelmed. I am sure they did try, but for a bout of festivity, a glass of truffle wine and a cracker with a plastic thingy,  ain't enough pour moi.  Ce n'est pas bon
4 Oh la la.  I loved the casual ambiance of this place, not at all pretentious like some French restaurants  can be.    At the top of the stairs we were greeted with an offer to take our coats and a truffle infused wine aperitif. Unfortunately I wasn't able to partake but it smelled French and lovely and I'm told it was quite tasty too.   I had the mussels to start, a generous portion in a delicious garlic, thyme, cream and white wine sauce.  The  mussels themselves were huge, plump and tasty. For main I had the venison and braised cheek.  The cheek was melt in the mouth but the venison I found to be a bit too dry. The gravy was tasty but there wasn't enough of it.  It was a bit disappointing but still managed to be a lovely dish. For dessert it was of course, the chocolate tart.  Very French, very rich and very dark.  Yum.   Tres bien monsieur L'escargot.  You catered for a large group very well.  We were made to feel very welcome and allowed to linger as long as we wanted.  I will enjoy your company and your food again.
4 What did I wish for a Christmas night out,  well let me tell you? It was for pleasant surroundings great company, and equally nice rustic French food at L'Escargo Blanc. Did I get my wish, you bet I did!  I was ready to engage the gastronomic surrounds of a bright yet cosy and traditional French restaurant. The task in hand along with other Yelpers was to experience how this restaurant typifies the French culinary delights you might find in the city.  The eatery situated between a couple of rooms at the top of a stair, minimalistic and eventually candlelit was busy pretty much from early on, with enough heads at tables to keep the place quite warm. Coats are removed upon entry; nice touch, and warm focus rests on each group of guests, with enchanting comments from staff to restore faith in the human appetite by addition of impeccable hospitality(even if they don't enforce drinks menu).  But, yes there is a but. The room we were in balanced on the precarious edge of acoustic design, did made it difficult to hear what others were saying sitting opposite me. As with quite large and lively groups we were not rowdy but having a fun time, so apologies to other guests who wanted a quiet or romantic dinner, and to fellow Yelpers if I didn't carry the conversation.  Les Entrees for me were Artisan cheese parcels with a selection of dips. Red wine would have gone well with this, but since I wasn't drinking on this occasion these were still palatable without. Accompanied by truffle aperitif that I found quite bitter, bread and delectable salmon bites, which were quite tasty but very buttery. Les Plats was Sea bass with steamed mash(slightly over seasoned due to the fishy brandy bisque), followed by Les Dessert option being Herve Mons artisan cheese platter(2 cheese chunks, one of which I never did find out the name of, coupled with 1 oatcake).  In all I was encompassed in strong French emphasis from the moment I stepped in. So hats tipped in the direction of a lugubrious team of chefs, maitre d types and waitress's whom without wouldn't have made the evening so charmed.  What would have been even better is if they add their own motivated sommeliers or wine directors then maybe some of the queries they got from us would been reduced. Edinburgh has it's fair share of good bars, but quality restaurant wine list access should, like the wine improve with age, to a point that makes an exciting stance.  I for one, when coming back would settle for nothing less than a table at L'escargo Blanc looking up towards the castle. Again endless thanks  to our CM who organised this event, most certainly did their homework for a fantastic xmas night out.
5 Gorgeous French bistro, complete with rustic charm, cosy atmosphere and lovely vintage posters on the wall. I had a three course menu here and at the end of the meal felt so full I could hardly move!  The creme brulee was something in particular to shout out about - there was salt on the crust of the dessert, giving it an added dimension of crunch and taste. It came in the traditional French style; flat, round and extremely enjoyable. Will definitely be back here - the best French food I've had in the city for a long while.
5 What more can I say it was simply amazing and sweet sweet bliss for my taste buds!!! Also the staff was so lovely, very helpful and very good. Our every need was attended to To. Bottom line is ... We loved it !
