4 Craving some Pio Pio Peruvian Chicken from NYC, this place caught my eye. It lived up to my expectations, and dare I say surpassed my Pio Pio cravings. Its better than Pio Pio! OH MY- yes, it is. The food is cooked with a lot more care and flavor than Pio Pio in NYC. The atmosphere is friendly and authentic. We loved the "fixings bar" with the assorted sauces and pickles & stuff. The restaurant is clean and neat, and they have these cute little things on each table that will alert the server if you need help or not. We LOVED IT! we will be back, CHICKEN MMMMMMMMM!
4 My daughter and I ate here after the gym since it is really close by the 24hr fitness and I I never tried this place out. I have never had Peruvian food before so hey why not something to knock off my list of foods to try.   As we walked in we were welcomed by a young lady and a young gentlemen. They were very friendly and helpful. The place was really clean and has lots of pictures on the wall.   The gentlemen told me about the chicken so I ordered the half of rotisserie chicken and made it a combo which came with fries and house salad. The also served us bread which my daughter really liked! The chicken was really good, didn't really eat the fries because I just worked out, but the salad was like any other salad. Mix the chicken and salad together oh my it is delicious! However, I did order dessert which was the caramel crepes, it was really good but had too much caramel! Yes it was so worth it, I did feel a little guilty but you gotta go all out when your trying a new type of food!   I am definitely coming back here again to try some other items which caught my eye!   As for prices the half of rotisserie chicken combo was $12.99 make it a whole it's $15.99 combo but just the chicken itself $9.99 half $7.99  Dessert which was the crepes was $4.99 and yes it was worth every penny!
4 A rotisserie chicken place with a nice dose of homey ethnic flair - what's not to love?  I kept it simple and split a whole chicken ($9.99) with a coworker. Drinks were $2. Food came out quickly and I dig the decor - eclectic and fun. Very Peruvian seeming, but what do I know ?  Chicken was fabulous! Moist and very flavorful. I'm am a hearty eater and 1/2 a chicken with no sides was perfect for me. I can imagine if you're adding sides, desserts (the caramel crepes looked ridiculously good!), etc, you're probably fine with a 1/4 chicken.   When they brought out chimichurri sauce and salsa for the chicken my heart sang for joy- delicious! Yup, I'll be back!
4 I ordered to-go. I know the name is chicken and the game is the rotisserie, but I just had to try their Lomo Saltado. I haven't had that in forever and I used to love it as a kid. Lomo Saltado is beef strips with tomotoes, red onions sauteed in soy,vinegar,spices served on fries and rice.  While I was waiting the lady working the front of the house offered me some ice water while I wait- sweet, and hospitable of a gesture.  The smell of the food in the car was crazy overwhelming. When I got home I squeezed a bit of lemon on top and dug in. It was pretty good- the beef was soft and lean but juicy and dish was spiced well.   Definitely the chicken seems to be the star, but the other dishes seem worthy of a try- at least mine was good. Also it's not just Peruvian dishes, half the menu is Argentinean.   This place will definitely go in my work lunch rotation.
4 The owners at Che Inka have been running this place for about three and a half months now, and have added an argentinean menu to the already existing peruvian menu, so you have the best of both cultures.  We met Sylvana and her husband(didn't get his name) and instantly, they made us feel right at home and had us start off with some warm bread and Chimichurri. Wanting to try their chicken because they advertise themselves as a chicken grill, they suggested we try their  Saltado Mixto (Peruvian style fajitas). We also got an order of their Ceviche as well as an order of the Papa a la  Huanciana (Potatoes with a creamy"aji" sauce made with cheese and chilis)  their drinks are great as well. Sylvia got a passionfruit(Maracuya) drink and I got an Inca Kola(a golden cola from Peru that tastes like a cross between banana and bubble gum)  the ceviche was very refreshing and paired with the toasted corn, sweet potato, and corn on the cob made a delicious combination.  The potatoes had a homey taste and feel to them. simple, tasty, and had a kick  to them.  The Saltado Mixto(Chicken and Beef Fajitas) was good but nothing memorable. It was similar to the Lomo Saltado we ate at Little Dumplings on Eastern.  Feeling stuffed, we deciided to try their Pasta Flora, a traditional Quince Pie for dessert. It was good, but the quince was a little too sweet for me. All in all, a good time, and we'll be back to try items on their Argentinean menu as well as their famous Peruvian rotisserie chicken. Sylvana and her husband are very hospitable and also let us in on future happenings at the restaurant. They will be having Parilladas(Just like a churrasceria) at $30 a person for all you carnivores out there on special days throughout each month(send them your e-mail to recieve details) and they will also feature latin rock nights.  Don't forget to take a box of Alfajores (cookies sandwiched with dulce de leche) home....ALOHA!!!
3 Well, lately I've been backsliding in my effort to avoid beef -- even in cases where I'm not sure if its chemical-free.  It's just that, with certain dishes, temptation gets the better of me.  I was introduced to the Peruvian dish saltado (beef strips sauteed with onion, tomato, and cilantro) a few years ago and it was love at first bite, so when I heard about the Che Inka Chicken Grill, I just had to come here for some lomo saltado.    My concern (before ordering) was that I may have unfairly romanticized the dish in my memory, making it impossible to ever enjoy it as I did before.  But I needn't have worried.  All the right flavors were there and I had a very favorable impression of Che Inka's saltado.   So will I be back?  Definitely.  Would I order their saltado again?  I would.  But variety is the spice of life, and I saw plenty of other tempting dishes on the menu, including some of the Argentinian ones, that I will want to try on future visits.
3 My husband and I decided to try this place, we had read some reviews and heard some things, and thought it was time to try. We were greeted warmly at the door and the menu was explained. Two sides, Argentinian and Peruvian.   We decided to try the whole roasted chicken and split it, and then got an order of anticuchos de carne, beef marinated kabobs, in a special pepper sauce, came with french fries, corn and little salad.   We were given a loaf of bread, and chimichurri to go with it. We snacked on it while waiting. We got our meal and she brought us a basket with different sauces in squeeze bottles. One really hot, one slight less hot, ketchup and one for the salad. We then were tempted by the carmel crepes, yummy goodness served warm, covered with powdered sugar. It was wonderful.   Overall, a good meal, light, not too heavy, the prices were reasonable, and the atmosphere pleasant. I think it would deserve a revisit.
2 Everytime I pass this place, I tell myself I should give it a try, it looked intresting        Since today I was trying to low carb it I just ordered the chicken, so this review is solely based on the chicken and service . The chicken was so-so, nothing special to me.           IMO Costco put out a better tasting product. The chicken did  not look or taste fresh. The server brought out four sauces in squeeze bottles and as she was explaining each sauce she had the bad habit of pointing and touching the tips of the spout, yes where the sauce comes out, gross. At least she did not lick her fingers as she was doing this. I watched her do the finger thing to another table, so I guess it's a habit with her. I skimmed my wife carol's k 's review and noticed she would go back, I guess she dines alone;)
1 Always have been a big fan of Inka Chicken from back when it was on Maryland Parkway & Karen until it closed. I was very excited when I was driving down Rainbow & seen the new restaurant. I was planning to surprise the Mrs. and take her to dinner there on Sunday.   When we walked in there were only 2 other tables taken so we were seated right away. We were anxious to try their Peruvian food. We checked out the menu and decided to try a variety of different meals.   So far so good. We placed our order & my wife was explaining to me about the new owner, & that he was from Argentina. While we were waiting for our food I guess the owner showed up as well with his lovely son, and daughter. Everything still good so far.   Our order finally came & most of the dishes were pretty bland, flavor wise & we added our additional seasonings which made it ok. While we were eating we noticed the kids were running back & fourth from the kitchen to the lobby....no big deal. Until the little girl started playing with the handle of the fire extinguisher, and I also noticed the pin missing & guess which direction it was pointing. But, luckily no harm, no fowl......she left it alone when she seen her father coming back.   Now heres the kicker even though the food was ok, the owner came out and spoke to a gentleman at the first table and shook his hand. Then proceeded to the second table in front of us & talked to the couple there. He then walked right pass our table & started speaking with another couple that just came in a few minutes before we got our food. I asked my wife (who is from Peru by the way) if he really just walked by us & said nothing.....WOW !!! Was it because I'm a Black American with a Peruvian wife or what? I was going to ask if there was a problem, but my wife talked me out of the confrontation. All he had to do was ask how we enjoyed our meal (in spanish or english) & then went to the next table, then everything would have been fine.   All I can say is WTF.......If the owner treats all his customers that way he would be out of business soon. There is not a chance in HELL we are ever going there again! New management, old style racism !!! Man.... what year is this? Only gave one star because you can't give a zero!   Still gave the waitress a nice tip out of sympathy if anything else.
1 See my review under Inka Chicken.....without the Che.
4 This place is the outcome of the failed Inka Si Senor that was on Maryland Parkway some time ago. It then became Inka Chicken or something, and it's now Che Inka, mixing Peruvian and Argentine food. It's pretty good, as long as you avoid the rotisserie chicken.   The rotisserie chicken was kinda dry, and not nearly as flavorful as some of the other ones served around town. It was actually kind of a let-down, but it was quickly forgotten when the rest of the plates came out. The empanadas, milanesas, and salads were all great. Way better than we expected given the chicken fiasco. Maybe they're trying to make this place more Argentine than Peruvian and are thus focusing their efforts on that side, I guess. I don't know. But dang, it was good! The chimichurri was great, too, so I'm not complaining! They also have a mini salsa bar, which was stocked full of awesome little sauces... I tried all of them, and they're all full of delicious.  The service here was ok. At first, they were super good about taking our orders and getting our drinks and everything, then they kinda forgot about us once we got our food. I didn't even notice their absence until I needed more water. That was not the best.  The prices were good, too. The chicken, as is the case in most Peruvian places, was cheap. The other dishes were fairly priced, too, though they were pricier than the chicken. Still, our party of four walked away with a $70 bill, which was pretty dang good!  All in all, I will continue coming back here for the milanesa alone, which was top notch. I'll stay away from the kitchen, and make sure to request extra glasses of water!
4 Decided to try this place because we had a coupon from Entertainment.com's coupon book, for the former location called Inka Chicken. On this visit was my wife and I, along with our infant son. Upon entering the restaurant, the owner was very friendly and was kind enough to honor the coupon. Being of Argentine descent, I was pretty excited that there was a place to eat with items that you may not find elsewhere.   The owner seated us, gave us menus and drinks immediately, and spent some time speaking to us about the menu, about the restaurant, and told us about himself. We each decided on a reasonably-priced sandwich. One was the steak milanesa sandwich and the other was the churrrasco steak.  The wait for the food was average, and the portion size was acceptable. Each sandwich was served with french fries and a variety of dipping sauces.   We each ordered a fountain soft drink, which the menu states as costing for refills. Soda is a huge sticking point in my opinion, as most places overcharge. Adding a cost for refills is unneccesary for fountain drinks. I had inquired with the owner, and he was kind enough to offer free refills. That was a huge plus.   The food was fresh, meat was tender and seasoned adequately, and the overall taste was pleasant. The sauces for the french fries were very unique and very enjoyable as well. Overall, I would say that this meal was an acceptable choice for us, and the final price even without a coupon was reasonable.   I am excited to take my father there, who is from Argentina, to visit for their lunch specials. The lunch special is around $7 and there are coupons for a free drink with lunch. Again, the drink is a huge plus.   Definitely check this place out if youre in the mood for something a little different, and if you would like a change of pace from fast food and the usual suspects. I always like to keep in mind that in a city like Las Vegas, that independent owners are always working extra hard to get noticed. I always try to support local and family establishments, even if the cost is a little more. This little place is well worth a visit, even if just for a quick lunch.
4 Che Inka offers a menu of Argentina and Peruvian foods. Having been born and raised in Argentina, I only order from the Argentina menu. Their selection of Argentine foods is not bad, they have many of the classics such as empanadas, milanesa and choripan. The service is not the best, typically one server who spends most of her time behind the counter, however, it's easy to get past that when you taste the food. Their asado "bbq" is very good, they use cuts of meat that truly do taste much like our asados in Argentina. So far, all the menu items I've ordered were very tasty and authentic. I do have one suggestion, if they do not bring you any free bread, ask for bread and chimichurri, it's free and it is amazing.
1 Ordered 1 cebiche de pescado $10.95 which contained : 2 onces sweet potato 2 full regular potato 1oz chanchita( peruvian deep fried corn) 4-5 onces big chunks tilapia fish At first I though it was too much fish, but then I realized it was a big sliced red onion underneath the fish!!! Was this an onion cebiche or a fish cebiche? You can see a picture of how the cebiche looked like, I just uploaded it. Its the one that says "the smallest cebiche I've ever had"
4 Found this place because of a review from The Weekly.  This is my first go for Peruvian food and I was not disappointed.  The spice sauces provided enhanced the dishes and did not overpower it.  Went there with a friend who was in town and we ordered the following dishes: Anticuchos de Carne (basically beef kabobs) and the Peruvian Panca Sauce was yummy!  I enhanced it with the smoky-ish sprice sauce (orange colored).  My friend ordered the Aji de Gallina (basically chicken and potatoes) and she enhanced it with the peruvian green chile spice sauce that gave the dish an extra kick.  It was a creamy, soul food-type essence to it.  We both ordered the Chica Morada, a sweet drink made of purple corn and other juices - very reminiscent to Hibiscus infused tea ... it was not tea, but it was soo good!   We ordered from the Peruvian menu BUT will be back to try the Argentenian fare!!
5 The best of the best great food great place don't take my word for it try it your self!!!!!!!!!!!! you will love it
5 Truly 5 Star Peruvian Food; the tastes were delicious, the people were friendly, and the prices are reasonable. Definitely come try this place, you will come back.
4 Good lunch place, yummy rotissery chicken, and green rice. I'm not a fan of chicha, some peeps like it. Its fermented purple corn. But definitely try the rotissery chicken!
5 as much as i dont want to i give five stars be cause i have been following them around a long time...i love the lomo saltado and their arroz con pollo i have to admit they were alot nicer at the previous location on buffalo i believe and even better on maryland and they used to serve my favorite beer cristal but hopefully they will get back to that eat here save this place!!!! The food is amazing
5 This place got a complete makeover and all I have to say is : WOWWWW!! It looks amazing, it has a beautiful atmosphere and it feels very welcoming. The food is extremely good, starting with the empanadas, my favorites are the chicken and beef empanadas, they bring different salsas to go with them too. After that I always go for the arroz con pollo(chicken with rice). The chicken is very juicy and flavorful and the cilantro rice tastes like the recipe came from the heavens above. If you are a meat lover you have to try the parrillada Argentina, very very good, the meat is cooked to perfection and the flavors of the meat are d.e.l.i.c.i.o.u.s. For dessert you have to try the argentinian(I think) pancakes. They are filled with dulce de leche and they are soooooo good. Let's not forget about the home made flan,and they also have this amazing typical ice cream. Oh what the hell, everything is good! Just go try it yourself, you wont be disappointed. Experimenting with other foods, cultures, etc is one of the great pleasures of living. So go ahead, live a little =)
3 The place was very clean, the server super friendly and willing to make suggestions on the menu, I had a great lunch and Yes I did like the food i will come back to this Peruvian restaurant.
1 Based solely on the pollo saltado "peruvian fajitas", which was the only thing I tried, I probably would never eat peruvian food here or anywhere else again.    It was all the worst things about bad chinese fast food dark meat chicken, only with no sauce to hide that fact, served over soggy french fries and rice.  I wanted to try the ahi de gallina, but they didn't have it when I was there - I don't know if that was temporary or permanent. I'm not sure if I'll be able to stomach going back to try again to give it another chance.
