3 Arising from the ashes of the old Wine Rack like an intoxicated phoenix, Meadows Wine has stepped up to fulfil all the needs of the alcohol starved students in the Sciennes area. And to be honest it is exactly the same as it was, just not quite as good.   It is now owned by a local, who is trying to add a bit of individuality to it, but the store is just a carbon copy Threshers. Here lies the problem; Threshers / Wine Rack went bust because they ran on such a small profit margin but couldn't compete with the supermarkets. Meadows Wine sells exactly the same stuff but more expensive, as it is just one store so cannot buy in bulk (£23.50 for 24 bottles of Bud, I think not). As much as I might prefer to keep local businesses running, I am not going to spend nearly double for the same booze. If there were some really individual drinks then maybe, but at the moment it's the same old Fosters, Grolsch , Heineken etc.  Another problem, and this one is not long term, is that there is no stock. Well obviously some but not a lot. The store has only been open a week, but it seems that there is no real order process, stuff just comes in dribs and drabs. They had 1 crate on display anf the floor space was empty. But to be fair, give it a few weeks and this might be rectified.   Meadows Wine is a perfectly acceptable off licence, but will really struggle as its target audience is students and the prices are substantially higher than all the supermarkets.
3 This places used to be my local off-licence. It was overpriced and fairly poorly stocked, but it was really really close. Then the company who owned it went up and the place was empty for what seemed like months and months.  Then this place sprung up, and what a difference! First of all, and I don't know if this was strategic or not (it would be cynical of me to think so, so I obviously think it was), there was a van parked outside which said something like 'purveyors of fine wines' in some fancy italics. Good start.  But then inside it was a different story. Sure, some fine wines were on display. But not many. There was nothing in there. I know it's just opened, but surely you'd get the place kitted out before you open the doors? Only time will tell if this place takes off. At the moment I'm undecided.
3 Want wine? Got wine. Yep, ok.  It's a fairly big retail space but with a moderate sized selection of wines and spirits. Friendly staff, convenient, but it's no Vicki Wine. Usually I look out for discounted wines too (what?!) and they didn't have any here. Sad face.
4 The last few times I popped in here, I was in a rush and needed something on the cheaper side. Meadows Wine delivered.  But last night I'd gone to the two-hour effort of making a moussaka and needed a Pinot Noir that would really work with it. So I popped along to Meadows Wine and after paying closer attention, was really impressed with the selection they had on offer.  For a corner shop, the selection is really expansive. You can go from your £4 cheap and cheerful (keeps the students happy!) to the £40, top-shelf stuff. The bottle I bought was a French Pinot, and it was delicious.  So thumbs up from me for Meadows Wine. If you live locally, or are passing, and need some wine whether it be either end of the price spectrum, you'll probably find it here - which is a pleasant surprise!
