3 Someone told me that Roberto's is the best Mexican restaurant around here so I gave it a try.  I cannot say I agree with that opinion. It's not that the food is bad, but I wouldn't call it the best at all.  To be fair, the only outright terrible item I had there was the guacamole - it was the consistency of SOUP- horrid!!    Now, I also had a bad experience when the cashier charged me more than was stated on the menu and didn't speak enough English to resolve the problem. She had to call the manager and have me speak to her before I could get a refund. The problem was that they changed their prices in the register without updating their menu.  I was so annoyed that I swore to myself I'd never go back, but then I decided to try again. I  mean, mistakes do happen.    This time there a woman working in the kitchen who I recognized from before.  She said to the cashier that I was the woman who cheated them last time! Hey- hablo espanol, mujer!   You better believe I watched her closely to make sure she didn't spit in my order, 'cause she sure was giving me the evil eye. I've never gone back there- too disappointed.  But don't let my little adventure stop YOU!  If you don't mind runny guacamole and don't make the people in the kitchen angry, you should be all right.  ;-)
3 Quick, Fast, Cheap Mexican Food. Open 24 Hours Oddly enough, I've NEVER gotten sick from eating here! ;-) The Horchata is a MUST!
4 Great fast food mexican style, almost authentic - not your Taco Bell.  Have had the carne asada combo plate, dry burrito, taco combo plate and the chorizo morning burrito.  Fresh and hot cooked to order.  Inexpensive and nice condiments of cucumbers peeled, carrots, jalapenos, lemons, both green and red sauce.  For quick, fast mexican food 24 hours a day this is the place.
4 When it comes to quick, reasonably priced Mexican food that's open 24-hours, only Roberto's Taco shop comes to mind. There are quite a few locations all over town but this one happens to be the closest one to me. Some of my favorites include the California burrito, carne asada fries and breakfast burritos!  Good times for Roberto's.... or shall I say buenos tiempos!
4 Hungry- need authentic?  Check this place out.  1.  Portions - Nice and big for the hungry beast in you.  2.  Quality - Authentic and good. I really enjoyed the Nachos with beef and the Carne Asada Burrito. Ok, these are not authentic choices, I know, but I love lengua, and taquitos and they have the real stuff. Their little salsa bar with the two salsa's, green onions and pickled veges are great!  3.  Prices - A bit on the pricey side, comparing to a Del Taco or Taco Bell, but this is the real deal.  4.  Service- More or less self service, but good overall.  5.  Room - Plenty of room to sit, clean and relaxing.
3 The thing about Roberto's is that they are all different. It's not like McD's where a Big-Mac is a Big-Mac wherever you are...  This Roberto's is OK for this side of town.
5 Food, Food, & more Food!! For so little you get so much & if they like you & ur not rude they are 100% generous. it dont even matter how good ur spanish is or how good there English is. Kindness is universal.... I love the Super nachos with carne asada no beans xtra meat & chesse AHHHHHH! so DAMN GOOD!
3 price- reasonable staff -helpful and attentive portions - huge(enough for two, if you get the chimichanga plate) food- too salty, as u know when you cook or add anything with cheese, it has it's own salt, no need to add more to the meats...pls kill the salt and then you can taste the goodness of the food...ty
5 The guy who was working when we went in was sooo nice and funny!  He gave me some Spanish lessons and joked with us.  The place is spacious and very clean.  Our food was awesome with huge portions.    This is the best Roberto's I've been to so far.
3 When I feel the need for some greasy and thick mexican food..I head straight to Roberto's!! Whichever location you choose, you can't go wrong..they all have the same taste.  I always get the #4 combo plate..2 hard shell beef tacos w/ rice and beans.  Price is reasonable for the amount of food that they give.  I really like the fact that they are open 24hrs also so after a night of clubbin, it soaks up all the alcohol! :)
4 Mmm Roberto's Carne Asada Nachos..... mmm rolls taquitos with fresh guacamole!!!! I've been to many Roberto's but since my store is in the diagonal shopping center I decided to give this one a try. My bf, friends and I went there late at night, around 11:30pm and it had a decent crowd. The food is a bit salty, but the meat is very well seasoned! I love the carrots & jalapeños they have sliced, it has the perfect amount of spiciness. The carne asad nachos & fries are perfect for a group of friends who want a full filling snack ;)  The only reason why I give this place a 4 was because the bathrooms were kinda dirty~
4 Nice place, food is good for mexican fast food.  clean.  decent service
3 roberto's was my first encounter with mexican taco shops especially with carne asada fries. and for me i stopped getting their fries because the fries get soggy quick and i dont like that it comes with tomatoes. but this last visit, i went with a couple of classmates and they recommend the 3 rolled tacos with guac and shredded cheese on top. they come in a choice of chicken and beef. i ordered 2 beef and 1 chicken. overall, 3 rolled tacos doesn't get my mexican fix. the portions are small like taquitos. and the meat was fit to the roll, so i tasted meat in a total of 2 bites and the rest was the fried roll. as for the guacamole, it tasted unfresh and the consistency was wateryy. as for service, its whats expected from robertos.
5 Friendly, cheap, consistently good, open 24hrs - really can't ask for anything more. Countless drunken nights have ended here, and its great no matter what we order. Favs are nachos (beef or chicken), chicken taquitos, carne asada quesadilla, carnitas plate, carne asada chimichanga. One negative is their horchata - not as good as some other mex places. Tastes almost watered down.  I have gotten food poisoning from the one off Bermuda w the drive thru, but never this one.
1 The food here is usually good but the service is terrible. I waited 30 minutes today for a simple burrito because the staff didn't put my order in. I explained (politely) that I had to get to work and would just like my money back. They refused and kept telling me that it was coming any minute. When it finally showed up in the middle of my last request for a refund the girl said "Whatever." I through the food in the trash and went somewhere else - I will never come here again and advise anyone in a hurry to reconsider this place. If you have 30 minutes to wait and don't mind the rude staff go for it.
4 A lot of good food for very low prices.
2 quick service. i got the beef tacos.  Their rice were pretty much salt balls and the beef was super dry. so it was really salty and really dry. I threw them away after my 3rd bite.  Taco shell was crunchy though.
5 gotta have my carne asada fries... with pickled jalapenos n carrots n green sauce
2 Mexican food that is quick and to the point. Great for a quick lunch. Good food, but fast food atmosphere.
4 For the price, it's pretty solid grub. Got a carne asada chimi and chile relleno. Didn't finish either since it's soooo much food. The chile relleno was one of the better ones that I've had and it was crazy-cheap. The chimi was good, though not spectacular. It's a good go-to spot for takeaway mex food. Can't wait to go again.
2 Didn't think that it was all that. The food was a little bland and uninspired, but that seems to be the state of Mexican food here in Vegas... Seriously, do I have to go to Del Taco to get a good chicken taco?
2 Ah Robertos. Your location is of no relevance, Eastern, Bermuda, or anywhere else for that matter I can always trust you to give me the bubble guts. I think I'll leave it at that.   Oh thanks for the free limes for my Coronas tho.
4 If you haven't been to Robertos, you must live on mars!  lol  Yes, I love this place, I love there Taquitos....Thats what we use to call them back in the day, but they call them rolled tacos!  What ever!  I love them!  Robertos have stepped up there game as well, with there beans, these beans are off the chain, they have so much flavor!    Ok....Sooooooo We were getting ready to order...you know how you go over to there veggie bar, and get your onions and peppers?  Ok, check this out, this family's order came up,and they had a plate of grilled green onions and peppers!  Did ya'll hear me!  I had to ask, where is that on the menu, and what is it called!  She said something in spanish, I can't tell ya'll what she said!  I did understand that she said it was free! SAY WHAT!  OMG,  I wanted that asap! I wanted to sink my teeth into that pepper in the car, but I held back until I got home!  If you love Robertos, get the grilled green onions and peppers!
4 Roberto's was definitely a winner in my book. I'm from San Diego where I grew up on Mexican food.   The facilities inside were very clean and that's always a plus.  I ordered the carne asada fries and 5 rolled tacos. I would recommend both and come back to order both.  I'm a fan and would come back when I need my authentic Mexican food fix.
5 I stop there every day for breakfast as it is open at 4AM and they dont mind I bring my bike in, which is cool. I have the breakfast burrito which is awesome.
3 We were pleasantly surprised. The space is a little peculiar. It feels like a 70s throwback. That aside, they were very friendly, clean and the food came quickly. Taste was good, no ill after effects and reasonable prices. Horchata was pretty good too.
5 I love Roberto's in general, but this particular location is FABULOUS. The staff is friendly and helpful with good attitudes. The eating area is huge and there are tables outside as well. But the best thing is the speed. They are ridiculously fast with getting out the orders. I eat here all the time and my orders have always been perfect with no mistakes. If you are in the area and you like Roberto's, this is definitely the location to go to.
5 I love the burrito breakfast!! Test like heaven!!
5 Great location with nice outdoor patio seating, always good food and fast service. Salsa bar is always stocked and the salsa's are always amazing!
4 tastest damn great. Love this place. Only drawback is most of the menu is very caloric, but otherwise, it rocks!
2 Not much for real or good Mexican Food in this neighborhood.  Roberto's may be good if you fighting a hangover or desperate for some Mexican.  But if I had to choose I will take Del Taco, Taco Bell or Drive across town for some authentic.  The restaurant are always clean - so here's an extra star
5 I love Roberto's and this one is right by my house, lucky for me it is one of the best ones I have been to. I tried Faustos (once), right across the street and it just does not compare to Roberto's. I am here at least once a week. Everything is good here; tamales, burritos, tacos. The refried beans are excellent, that's like the basis of judging a good mexican place, imho.
2 Not sure if it was an off night but my 2 beef taco plate was subpar. The tacos were on the skinnier side than what I've had at other locations, the rice had chunks as if scraped from the bottom of the pot, and everything was super salty, more so than usual. Will try Faustos across the street next time for my Mexican food craving.
4 Papas & eggs burrito with a bit of cheese and pico.  Enjoying sitting outside, hanging with family & friends, and splitting this very large burrito!
5 Roberto's is my all time fave! My two absolute favorite menu items are: Carne Asada Nachos and the Shrimp Cocktail (spicy). This location has definitely been one of the best ones I've been to. Not only is it in a great location, but there's an awesome patio to sit at. Go check them out if you haven't yet...you won't regret it!
4 The carne asada breakfast burrito is an EXCELLENT way to soak up last night's beer!!
2 I know these guys have a strong, dedicated following.  But I've tried it a few times and I strongly feel that their food is tasteless and makes you feel endlessly bloated.  Service and atmosphere are equally mundane.  The best thing about this place is the salsa bar.  But it is often messy and depleted.
2 It is not even close to 5 Stars, in any category. Yes, the place is very clean, compared to other Mexican restaurants but that is not something that should be given any extra praise for. EVERY PLACE SHOULD BE CLEAN ALL THE TIME.  The portion sizes at the location are just average, nothing special. Fausto's, across the street is bigger and better in most categories.   Roberto's does have a reputation for some of the best Breakfast Burrito's. However, this location is just borderline average. Every visit that I have sampled one, and this is in the 15-20 range, 90% of the time, the eggs are way overcooked and the taste is very bland, no seasoning what so ever.  When us Gringo's order French Fries, they ask if you want Ketchup, and then charge you for it. This is ridiculous and does not happen at every location. This is not ever 4-Star quality.  This location will have to make dramatic improvements to even be able to be considered with places like Pepe's, Fausto's or Carlito's.
2 I am sorry but this place gives you way too much food and I don't like the vibe of the restaurant. The employee didn't speak English and didn't know what to say to me. I tried my best to make him understand but I totally got the wrong food. I did not care but he was annoyed I wasn't eating it. He gave me a dirty look and I was very annoyed as well. I don't think I will be going back......
5 Roberto's NEVER disappoints. Always good, always fast, always open. The staff is very pleasant. I love the spicy carrots.   Not gonna hear a peep out ta me. I am very curious about the mural painted on the counter...one day I will ask....one day. Today, I wonder if the man in the doorway holding the rather large knife is just um...going outside to chop down some cactus......not decapitate the woman walking by to meet another fella .....foods ready!
1 Gone so far downhill, they should just close this location. Had probably the worst Carne Asada Burrito any place in Vegas has ever served! Should have been suspicious when it was ready in like 90 seconds. They worst re-overheated Leather Beef Jerky that I have ever tried to chew!  AVOID THIS PLACE!
5 Simply put, after stopping here once, I've never stepped into a Chipotle again. Authentic Mexican food, incredibly delicious, and all at amazingly affordable prices.   The carne asada burrito is a home run every single time. It comes standard with guac and pico de gallo, but I usually add rice/refried beans, cheese, and sour cream, and still pay less than for what I'd pay for a burrito at Chipotle.   You know what the best part about Roberto's is? THEY'RE OPEN 24 HOURS!!! So if you're coming home late from Tao or XS or whatever may have you, this is the place to stop in to satisfy those late night cravings.   Great food, great prices, great staff!!!
1 This is by far the worst Roberto's I have ever been to! The management here is absolutely atrocious ! My friends who accompany me for meal at this restaurant   are constantly harassed and bothered by the staff, I myself am Hispanic and have no personal problems with the staff yet whenever my friends are accompanying me ( who are Caucasian and asain) are treated completely different. They are mocked and rushed when ordering , they are yelled at for laughing , rushed out of the restaurant after eating, ignored at time and recently my friend had the POLICE CALLED on him by the manager for setting a food tray on the ground! Doing nothing wrong my friends waited for the police to show up and Henderson police informed them that the woman accused them of damaging property and stealing a cup for a drink ! My friend provided the recipe and no charges were made! The food here itself isn't that good , very oily if your not ordering a burrito the rest of the food is bland, dry and sub par. I am absolutely done with this restaurant and it's terrible staff and management! My friends are not the only victims of their harassment , it's extends to a majority of there customers ! DONT EAT HERE !
4 Whenever I visit my parents down in Vegas, we always try to make a stop at Robertos. Both the chicken and shredded beef tacos are good. The chicken taco are actually really good when you buy them on a Wednesday as they are on sale for $.99 (regularly priced at $2.39).
5 I love Roberto's! The fact that they are open 24 hours makes it my number 1 choice after a night out. The California burrito, rolled tacos and carne asana burrito are my favorites. Very fast service and such a great value! I will probably never go to chipotle or qdoba again after discovering Roberto's.
