5 I'm surprised this place hasn't got any reviews yet.  Honestly, I was thinking about NOT writing a review just so I could keep this place my secret!  But, I don't want to be selfish, especially to a place that isn't selfish at all!    I was recommended this place by my coworkers who all have been going to this mechanic for years. Corby, who I believe is the shop owner helped me when I came in.  I told him that my car was making sounds that it shouldn't be, but another shop I went to the week prior said they could not find the problem.    After about an hour after dropping off my car, Corby called me and told me what the problem was, and gave me a VERY generous quote!  It was more than $200 less than what my friends paid for the same repair at different locations.  So of course, I told him that I wanted him to go ahead and work on the car, I got a call back about 2 hours later and my car was ready!  They don't charge to have your car looked at or diagnosed, unlike other mechanics.   The workers here are very FRIENDLY, HONEST, TRUSTWORTHY, and INEXPENSIVE.  They could have easily b.s.'d me and my other female coworkers that go here, but they're just not like that.    Strip Husky is officially my go-to mechanic!  The only downfall is that this place is quite far from my side of town... but that's what AAA is for!
5 Called around this morning to several places to get an alternator for my car which turns out is a pretty expensive alternator. When I called Strip Husky I spoke to the owner Corby and they were the most reasonable of anyone I called. Dropped my car off at 11am and ended up needing both an alternator and a battery. Price was still very reasonable for both and they were done in 3 hours flat. Nobody even tried to sell me anything that I didn't need which is very unusual for a mechanic. No pressure at all. Probably my best experience going to a mechanic shop. I will be spreading the word to all my friends about them.
5 This is the ONLY place to go if you want a mechanic who will be completely honest and fair with you. My husband's family has been coming here for the past 20 years and would only trust them with their vehicles. My truck had grinding brakes, a busted radiator, and a transmission that had black tar-like fluid.  Corby let me know up front what the issues were and was more than willing to give me a very reasonable price to fix it up. My truck is perfect now and drives like a new one.
