1 It's going to be hard to write this review without swearing, but I'll get through it. This place makes my blood boil. It fills me with contempt. I avoid going here at ALL costs. It is just about the worst convenience store I've ever been in. In fact, there's nothing convenient about it. It's a veritable inconvenience store.  Firstly, it is so poorly stocked. You can never find anything you want in there. I've been in there on at least three separate occasions when they've been out of semi-skimmed milk. Really?! What the hell's that about (hell's not swearing, I checked).   Secondly, it is SO overpriced. It's 80p for two onions. 80 pence?!?! That's daylight robbery. Everything is more expensive than normal in here. Eggs are nearly £2 for half a dozen (free range).  Finally, the alcohol section is appalling. They sell naff all, and the stuff they do sell is cheap plonk. Except it's not cheap, it's really really expensive. It's just rubbish. Convenience my arse (damnit, I nearly made it too).
2 I feel like a total hypocrite giving this place a low rating, but then coming here at least 3 times a week. The reason? Laziness on my part. And terrible weather that makes me want to get home as quickly as possible, so I go to the nearest supermarket each time, even though every single time I go there I know pre-emptively they won't have half the ingredients I need for my Good Food recipe I'd spent an hour deciding upon on my lunch break, and then having to make something up on the spot from the three ingredients I can find, and then the time it takes to queue to get my groceries I realise I could have walked to a different supermarket.  Yeah I'm lazy.  It's convenient. It's close to my gym. It's close to the coffee shops I work in. The staff are all young and nice enough but are obviously just doing it as filler and don't really care. Really long queues. Not much choice. Really expensive (over £10 for my vegetables each time).  They didn't even have POPZ when I went in last night.
2 Always a big queue... Slightly higher than normal... Fast student lunches.
2 Although I generally like Sainsbury's and this one has a convenient location next to the Meadows and the university, I always find coming here raises my stress level. The aisles are tiny, the selection is poor and the queues are always long no matter what time of day it seems I come. It would be a better shopping experience if they had a bit more space and selection, and if there were more tills to speed through the long queues. That said, when in a bind I'm glad I can stop by here if needed.
3 Just like their competitor on Nicholson Street, this Sainsbury's has been renovated since I visited just over a week ago and I'm really liking its makeover. Although the aisles still seem small and this store definitely needs a larger space to accommodate the demand, I am happy with the changes. There are even more muncy snacks, lunchy eats and refreshing cool drinks ready to take to the Meadows to enjoy the summer sun (now that it's finally here!). What is best about the new renovations here, though, is that there are now about six self-checkout machines in addition to a few staffed checkouts, too. The checkout area feels more spacious and much more capabile of accommodating the massive numbers of people passing through this convenient location.
