2 For me, the only plus is they are a stone's throw from my neighborhood. And the store is too new to look as worn out as some of the older stores.   The bad is that this is like every other home Improvement box store, it's filled with all kinds of gadgets and has maybe three people who actually know the products or even what they are doing. And of course, only one is working when you visit and they're out for lunch.The rest of the employees are the corporate version of a tax incentive. Hire enough and you can do a Benetton ad on television.   I simply refuse, after asking them a question, to run after an employee as they are racing to stop the blinking light in their section. And yes, they even said, I'll answer if you can walk faster. I'm much like House, too curmudgeonly and impeded to race through box stores chasing service.   At least the idiot who designed the Braille decorative speed bumps got overruled and they installed something better for a car's suspension. But, that was done by the peeps who run the shopping center and not Lowe's fault. Heck, it might have been a Lowe's employee whose muffler fell off and complained.   Here's what happens to me regarding these stores. First, I get crappy service at Home Depot, so I start going to Lowe's, until, you guessed it, I get tired of their less than adequate service, and then I'm off again back to Home Depot. And it is a never ending cycle that has been going on since I got to Las Vegas.   Home Improvement corporate bean counters...Stop the Madness!!!   Question: How many Lowe's employees does it take to screw in a light bulb? Answer: One to hold the bulb, and three to turn the ladder.
1 I'm going to the Rancho store from now on.   Have you ever spent the entire day painting a room and find out you need just a little bit of paint to touch up the remaining spots? And realize you were out of the paint, so off to the store you go. And did you ever find that the touch up paint, in which you brought the original can in to match up, didn't quite match? So all your cut in lines and corners didn't match the rest of the paint? I have. And even paint blind, I find out the entire room needs redone because the cute girl ( whose been working for two days, and in the paint department, no less ) can't find any other member of the store with enough experience to help her out. Thereby ruining my paint, and countless others as well. Ah, more hours to repaint the entire room. Lucky me. But I think its' anger and not paint fumes getting to me.   NOTE: I take it back. The part of not finding anyone to help. There were countless teenagey males buzzing around and sniffing her up. All wearing their Lowe's vest, of course. But helping not at all.   I know that I go to home improvement stores for semiprofessional advice. And not to chat with cute girls. That's what strip clubs are for. Do you hear me Lowe's management? Is this microphone on?! When will the corporate strategy of hiring for the least amount, or for tax advantages, sink to the bottom of the pool. When will competence reign? I know this is a box store, but some departments should be scuttled if they can't be truly useful.   The paint fumes have eaten some brain cells, and I'd be giving up too many more by going here again.
1 The flooring department is one hot mess. They aren't doing you any favors, as much as they say they are. And the contractor sent some doo-flunky who couldn't answer any questions to measure. HINT: Don't trust any contractor with a pretty truck. They ain't doin' the work. And if someone promises to call on a specific date, don't have them light up your phone making excuses the next day. Hey, this is great dating advice as well!  Do yourself a favor, go find a regular contractor with a showroom and good manners.
4 I'm really glad this Lowes has opened way out here in Centennial Hills so we finally have an option other than the Home Depot in Centennial Center, (I'm not a fan of them). The service here is pretty good, better than what you would expect from a box store like this. I've always received help when I needed it and the employees have almost always been friendly. There has never been a wait at the checkout lanes up front or in the Garden Center, and they have self-checkout too in case you just have a few small things and want to get out quick. Best thing about this location for the time being is how slow it is, because of how new it is there just aren't ever many people here, but it is well staffed and ready for you to roam freely! Keep it up Lowes!   As for the reviews below me by Chris W, I'v never encountered any of these problems at any point, and neither has anyone I know personally, having wrote THREE reviews as of 3/17/11 Chris apparently has a serious obsession with this Lowes for some reason, but don't let his poor review(s) keep you from going to a helpful place if needed. The employees here will help you.
1 This has to be one the worst customer friendly locations I have ever been at. There are roaming packs if staffers that you literally have to stop in their tracks an on average, two cashier's on peak times that have no concern about expecting a line. Five times I have been here out if convenience, but I will make the drive to the centennial home depot from now on unless things change.
4 Great place for home improvement stuff, this is one of the big stores that has everything you could need for home improvement, but one draw back, it's a huge store, so things are spread out.  If you want to run it just to pick up something quick, unless you have the store isles memorized, it's best to ask, that's if you don't mind wandering up isles and looking for it.  Compared to other stores of similar style, prices are pretty much the same, a few items that are different, like tile, wood add on and styles of kitchen sinks.
3 I'm glad theres another home improvement store up here. Of course it's going to be compared to Home Depot down the street and I still think I like Home Depot customer service overall. This Lowe's is always neat and organized and not as busy which is a plus. I've never really been approached here by associates and they are a bit harder to find probably since it's not a high traffic store. They're generally pretty nice when you do ask for help though. With that said, I think this is where I'm getting the supplies for painting the cabinets.   There really isn't much to say... it's tools and stuff.
4 You have to love this store. I came to look at rope and other items that make you go hmmm she went to LOWES for that? Nevertheless I entered happy and left happy. You can get anything here from power tools to patio items. What I love most is the knowledgeable staff  not to often do you enter a store where you can stop any member of staff and they know where it is and how to help you install it. I'm in heaven when I'm in this store. I may very well apply to work here.
3 Makes fixing the little things around the house easy with this store so close to me.
1 I needed a garbage disposal installed in my rental property. It took over 45 minutes, a salesman and 2 managers to figure our the computer system. At the end the salesman raised his voice at me telling me he was "more than patient with me". Too top it off they sent their subcontractor to my renters house without the garbage disposal. Complete waste of my tenants time as well as mine!  I still love lowes and will use them again, but I will be cautious with this store.
4 Had to get some keys cut so I bellied up to the key cutting counter and Dale was there in a flash. He was very personable and professional. I had a variety of keys to cut and Dale got them done quickly. The store was clean and organized and every employee we encountered greeted us with a smile.
3 What the heck is up with the super small shopping carts at this location?  Quite annoying when you are trying to buy lots of stuff. Personally I prefer the store on Fort Appache to this one , but this one is closer to home. It's an ok store all in all.
5 Went in with my wife and daughter to see if any gardening/ lawn products were on sale for Memorial Day. I was looking at a fertilizing machine for my grass and was having a hard time trying to figure out how to adjust it. An employee named Carnell approached me without me even asking for help. He immediately showed me how to adjust this particular product. The impressive thing was he showed me a different one that was better and on sale! After deciding to buy it I walked over to the grills just to take a look. Carnell then showed me different grills and I fell in love with one that I decided on buying. All I know is I walked into Lowes just looking and walked out spending over 1,000$ (thanks Carnell!) I work in customer service at a high line car dealership taking care of all the big shots in this city so when I experience exceptional customer service I try to recognize it. Thanks again to Lowe's and Carnell. Job well done!
