1 So, I was a customer of these guys for about 8 years.  Woke up one day and decided that I did not want to watch much TV anymore and certainly not $85/ month worth of TV.  So, I called up to cancel my service.  The customer representative convinced me that due to my long history with the company, I had exceptional pricing and I should just suspend my account rather than cancel.  He told me that they would call me at the end of the 6 month suspension right before it renewed.  Well this went on for 3 cycles and then summer of last year, my boxes are disconnected from the TVs (for over a year at this time).  They renew my account, no phone call.  Three months later I get a phone call stating that they were trying to collect $200 for service.  I told them that I did not receive service from them and they should confirm by checking my box (which they told me they cannot do).  So,  argued with them, no progress.  They sent me to collections, collections department sent me back to them because this is in dispute and told me that  DTV would be calling me to get this straightened out.  No further contact.  Pull my credit and find they sent me to a 3rd party collection agency.  Just spent 2 hours on the phone with these robots that keep saying there is nothing they can do.  So, they took a $100 credit in my account and are charging me for $200 for ABSOLUTELY NOTHING.  I certainly hope internet TV crashes these clowns.  My ROKU has be great and no idiots to deal with.  Maybe I will sue them for the $300 and my time in small claims...
4 My experience with Direct TV has been generally positive.  They're customer service is about as good/bad as their competition, but the quality of the picture far exceeds their competition.  I've had Cox cable--fine, but grossly overpriced--and Dish Network--poor quality but reasonably priced.  Unfortunately, it's necessary to switch every couple of years to get a decent deal.  But don't hesitate to switch to Direct TV when the time comes.
1 Well, first guy who said he'd be here between 8-12 (showed up around 10ish for about 5 min) took one look around and said "Nope, you can't get a signal here." I'm gonna have to send a Supervisor, they'll be here here today between 12-4." It is now 3:42. Just got off the phone with DirectTV and first they said they had no record that anyone was going to come out. Then, she said "They checked with the office and the Property Manager told them they couldn't install it." Talked to the Property Mgr myself, no one was in to talk to her. Then, she said ( I love this one) "Well, it's not 4 yet, someone could be still be coming." The anticipation is killing me. Will they, won't they. This is like a bad date.....a really bad date. But, this time I know it's not me, it's definitely you. I am breaking up with you. I want a Dish. I bet they'll be much nicer to me. Goodbye Direct TV It's over before it even started. My friends warned me about you, but I gave you a shot, and you blew it. Your loss.
4 I have to say that overall I've had a great experience with Direct TV and I've had them for almost 2 years. The customer service department has always been great and they are always willing to help you out in getting the best deal that is available at the time.  I have gotten questions about if the weather is really bad does it cause reception issues and I can honestly say hardly. Within the 2 years there was just once where the reception went out a total of 3 or so minutes and that day the winds and rain were blowing pretty fierce in Henderson. Other than that day I do need to reset the main box once in a great while for some odd reason but it's no big deal. Also, when the weather is REALLY bad the picture May glitch for a second or 2.  Another thing I hear is about how much of an eyesore the dish is. My dad swore he would never get one but he has one now. The trick is just being there for the installation and letting the technician know beforehand where you want the dish located. If this is not explained he/she will place it in the easiest place to install it and it could at that point REALLY be an eyesore.  Prices are really reasonable and you should not mind the contract. Knowing what you pay for 2 years every month is better than getting nickel and dimed from Cox every month.  ***Tip: If the technician tells you that if you put the dish along the top eave of the home you will get a lot of reception problems it's not true cause that exactly where I have mine and my home is 2 stories. I will post pics. Thanks.***
5 I love Direct Tv, my experience with them so far has been exceptional. I highly recommend them to my family and friends.
1 The Directv website and reps are horrible.  Tried paying bill several times, site always says try again after 6.  Rep says use auto pay system, twice kicked to a rep who wants to charge $5 after saying they see I've tried over 6 times to pay.  What a professional outfit. Great at kissing new customers A...., horrible to regular customers.  They want to charge for $10 extra for not using their wonderful auto pay system.  What a great company.....NOT!
1 Worst customer service/ tech support phone system. I called 4 times and got dropped or cut off after being put on hold. Recording tried to upswell me on things I already subscribed too. Very frustrated!  Never could get to tech support to address my problem. Wasted 40 mins of my day and no resolution.
3 Good experience so far with DirecTV. These days, there's a cable package to fit any budget, but I haven't bothered getting one for the past eight years or so- until I moved into my new apartment, which provides a free basic DirecTV package to all residents, with a simple $50 installation visit fee.  Called on a Tuesday and had someone out that Thursday morning, set a general morning appointment to stop by between 8AM-noon and the guy arrived around 9:30 and was gone, with my cable up and running, by 10.  He answered my questions, provided me with a userguide of tips and tricks, and helped me figure out the remote prior to leaving- and let me know which channel was ESPN!  No issues yet, and I don't anticipate any either- will definitely change this review to reflect if any come up, but based on my phone experience scheduling the visit and the tech who came to set up, work was professional, friendly, and quick.  Now if only the on-screen guide would just not show me all of the channels and shows/movies I'm missing out on! ;)
1 STAY AWAY - READ THIS REVIEW - SCAMMING AND FRAUDULENT BILLING!!!  Directv is the worst!  I enrolled for Autobill and one month they just double billed me!  WHen you authorize an automatic withdrawal, you authorize it just for the amount due each month.  They can't just arbitrarily charge whatever they want, e.g. charge you for two months instead of one!  I called them and they did not want to refund me - they said they "assumed" I was happy with the service and would continue it so they billed me for two months.  Then they said they will send me an email about a refund, never sent the email and never refunded me.  Ridiculous.  Then I terminated Autobill, terminated the service and they still withdrew money from  my credit card WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION for what they call a "last bill" which I did not owe because I had already been double billed - they were supposed to credit my account not bill it again!  I am not so hung up on the money as much as having someone dip into my credit card account and take money, without authorization, and then bs me on the phone, not apologize and not issue a refund.  FRAUDULENT BILLING PRACTICES - AN ATTORNEY NEEDS TO START A CLASS ACTION AGAINST DIRECTV.
1 I just changed over after 30 years with Cox. Cox raised my bill by $20 with no notice. The first agent I spoke with at Direct TV read her script so fast that I could not understand a word she said. I asked her twice to please slow down. The third time I attempted to ask her, she talked right over me so I hung up.  The next agent spoke clearly enough that I could understand her. What a joke!! I understood that my monthly bill would be $10 less than I was charged. When I called to have this corrected, I was told that I had declined the offer (a total lie) and that nothing could be done to change this. I even spoke with a supervisor, who gave me the same bs. Apparently, they are not at all concerned with customer satisfaction.  LIARS AND THEIVES.....that's Direct TV.
1 The worst service I have ever encountered. WoW customer service out the window. They can care less about you or your problem. Please in the future go with cox TV don't give them your business. I have been with them since 2005 and have done nothing for me really.
1 My wife and I have had direct tv and the linked internet from the moment we bought our first home. They gave us a great deal to start off with but after a year jacked up the price on the internet and tv. Even though they increased  the price that I pay they actually gave us less channels. The service  Number is no help, when they actually answer your call. Honestly my wife and I want to get away from directv and centurylink as soon as possible. I never waited to change tv providers because it's hard trying to figure out channel numbers  again but direct tv direct TV with the century   link bundle was amazing when we first got it but from the moment we first got it it has been nothing but a headache and overpriced for both TV and Internet I would not recommend it for anyone. It has done nothing but make myself and my wife wish we could get away. Unless something gets fixed, and by something I mean most things my house hold plus everyone I ever talk to will get something other then directv.
1 I've had directv for years. They gradually increased their rates. When I moved they ripped me off by charging my credit card stating that I didn't turn in their equipment within 3 wks which in turn it was turned in & received by them in 2 wks. They had documented proof & couldn't explained why I was charged. Plus they made no effort to refund my account immediately. I was always on time with my payments & paid off my balance immediately. The manager, Destiny, acted as if I was making a big deal for no reason & wasn't willing to help me one bit. I even threatened to blast them on social media sites but she didn't care.  I will never use Directv again, nor recommend them to anyone else!
