4 The coffee at Cafe Newton is nothing to write home about. The cakes however, are something different altogether. Last time I visited, they had delicious looking chocolate brownies, carrot cake, lemon polenta and some kind of frangipane tart. I opted for a slice of the polenta cake and wasn't disappointed as each mouth-full was moist and a heady combination of vanilla and citrus.   Housed in a small room within the National Gallery of Scotland's historic Dean Gallery, the cafe is also a great place to daydream and reflect on some of the fantastic exhibitions. The fact the gallery is a short walk from the city centre also means it's usually free from tourists and groups of school kids being dragged round by exasperated teachers.
4 The Dean Gallery is generally pretty cool, especially at the moment when they have got a surrealist exhibition featuring some Dalí, Picasso and Miró originals. But it is the café that takes the biscuit. Té-stefully decorated and spacious, it seats about 40 people and in the middle is a huge mechanical statue by Paolozzi which is an impressive sight whist supping away at your drinks.  The menu, if a tad overpriced, is pretty good. There are not a huge selection of teas or coffees but all the classics are there and it's good to Chai a few and share them around as they're all really nice. I had the hot chocolate with cream (inexplicably clotted cream, not whipped cream) which was excellent. The cakes are definitely the best though, once you start one scone in seconds (...sorry). They actually do sell scones, which are excellent, coming with champagne and strawberry jam and cream. There is also a multilevelled cake stand (£12 per person or £16 with prosecco) which is so good it'll leave you in tiers.  The staff are really friendly and make the whole experience great. A really good way to finish a tour of the gallery, which is one of Edinburgh's best kept secrets
4 Cakes. Yes. And some rather scrumptious food too.  Even if you're not browsing the Gallery (which you should) the Dean Gallery Cafe, or Cafe Newton as I think it's officially called, it's a charming spot for a coffee, lunch, or cake.   As the Dean Gallery is slightly out of the way, and most people unless they'd visited once wouldn't know that there's a cafe, it's got a very subuded, calm atmosphere. It was busy, but not with passers-by. Instead, by people who know it, love it, and respect it.  I had the mackerel pate. A very generous serving, yum. The cakes looked delicious too. The staff were friendly, and it was all round quite lovely.  If you're in the area (maybe after strolling the Water of Leith) or indeed have come to look at the exhibitions, I'd highly recommend a coffee or lunch here.
5 As this was my first visit to the Dean Gallery we thought we would try the cafe. Wow what a great wee cafe serving delicious cakes and fab coffee. they also serve soup, sandwiches. The staff were very polite and friendly and it was nice to have table service in a cafe gallery. Would definetly go back!
