5 Shawn installed a Hale pet door for us today. He was professional and courteous throughout our dealings with him. The Hale pet door is far superior to any other brand we have ever had. They are more expensive, but well worth the price if you value quality. Shawn did a great job on the install and we could not recommend him more highly! THANKS SHAWN!
5 Shawn came out this morning and installed our new doggy door. He was on-time, professional, and walked us through the directions, maintenance, and even how to train our pup to use it. He uses high quality doors so the price is slightly higher than some, but his labor cost is very fair and well worth it. Whole process took roughly an hour. I would highly recommend.
5 great guy....super price and service....installed today...doggies can't wait to use it(humans too!!!)
5 Desert Star Pet Door owner is Shawn. Shawn installed a JGM pet door for me in the wall of my home. It is made just like a Hale but less money. same great warranty. He was friendly and took his time answering my questions over the phone. I scheduled an appt and he came out. We found the best place to install the door and he did an amazing job. My pets loved him and he helped me get them to use the new door. It's amazing how efficient the new door is.  I would recommend Shawn to anyone that wants a quality job done. He took his time covering the area, indoor and out and rolled up the tarps and took the trash away. He even helped me to figure out how to fix the pet door I was no longer using. It was a Home Depot pet door that no longer made the flap. That door never provided the efficiency this new door will. My pets and I are very excited about this new pet door. Thanks Shawn!!!
5 Shawn was very professional, friendly and helpful on the phone, and did an AWESOME job of installing a giant doggy door for my mastiffs, I have had it a year now (I thought I had written a review already), and I LOVE it. Excellent workmanship, fair prices, great guy - highly recommend him.
