3 This is one of those places that opens for breakfast and lunch. It gets very busy with folks waiting to get in.   I am not a waiting kind of guy so I stopped in once when I saw that there were no folks lined up. I was seated right away and served right away.  The food is pretty average if you ask me, nothing bad nor really good.  It is A-OK for basic fare. But you will not find me waiting to get in.
4 This is a great place for breakfast. They serve large potions and it is delicious. They have some awesome thick cut bacon that is cooked perfectly every time. The service is always friendly and fast. The place does get a little packed on the weekends, but it is worth the wait.
4 I have taken my wife and kids here on numerous occasions and it is always a good experience.  The service is fast and friendly.  The portions are generous and tasty.  This place is just a old fashion family owned diner.
4 We used to frequent TJ's most Sundays. Used to doesn't mean we don't enjoy the place, we just have had to cut back on stuff just like everyone else and that special Sunday breakfast happens to be one of them.   We have been going here for several years and have enjoyed most everything we've tried. I will agree with Scott O's wife, the eggs benedict are FABULOUS! It's usually one of the specials when we've gone.   OMG-the biscuits and gravy. Yummy, yummy in the tummy!   The chicken cordon bleu sandwich, also good. The chicken breast is a nice hearty size. I usually eat without the bun so I can finish the moist chicken breast covered with ham and melted swiss. Roommate likes the fact that you can get cross cut fries or tater tots in lieu of french fries.  Pies, let me tell you about their pies.  They are delicious.  Flaky crust, usually a huge variety.  Cream pies, fruit pies, seasonal pies, they go quick.   Servings are generous. Many dishes are like good old fashioned comfort food.   The owner is a nice guy. He's been there pretty much every time we've been there. He's very involved in the goings on. Service has always been pretty quick, even when the place is bulging at the seams.   Fridays they are open for dinner too. Have gone a couple times for the all you can eat fish fry.   Stop by sometime if you're in the neighborhood. Hope you enjoy!
4 Comforting spot in the west valley with great food. Belgian waffle with blueberries is my choice here.
4 Tjs is a fantastic place for breakfast on the weekend.  Good old fashioned country food with big portions and cheap prices.  The food here is quality.  It is a mom and pop joint and they take pride in there place it shows a lot of the customers are regulars and they know them by name.  They have a back lot for extra parking.    I had the green chili omelet the salsa was to die for and my wife had the sausage and egg plate her links were huge !  Coffee filled fast and servers were kind and wonderful.    They have pretty much anything you can want that is breakfast fare.  They are well known for the bacon and biscuits and gravy. The location is pretty easy to get to just head south on dysert and the place will be on the right side of the road.  They take credit and debit also.   Give it a shot for breakfast it's totally worth it!
4 We love TJ's. The service is always fast and friendly. The food is consistently good...well, except for one time when my husband ordered the fish fry. It was WAAAAY too salty but considering how many times we've been there, one bad day is forgivable. The prices are unbelievably affordable. We are definitely fans. :)
5 We are huge TJs fans.    Going to TJs for breakfast is like going to your grandmother's house.  We typically eat there once or twice a month.  I've tried almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed.    The best part of the experience, though, is the service.  We've never had a bad server.  They are always great to my two year old.  He really enjoys going there.    We will keep coming back.
4 We finally made our 1st visit to TJ's and sorry it had been so long since we made our visit.  Very good food, comes pretty quickly, good portions with a side of attitude from your server (your attitude may vary).  They are only open for Breakfast & Lunch and is certainly with a visit.  You can tell there are many regulars that visit and enjoy TJ's and we will become one of those regulars as well!
5 We have been in Avondale for 6 years.  We keep passing by TJ's all the time.  We finally FINALLY stop in today.  DUDE, I have been missing out on a good home cooked breakfast!  It is a local mom and pop joint (love those).  The service is super friendly and fast.  The portions are pretty good size and the food is quality stuff.    We walked in, they told us pick any table, we sat, and was greeted by our server in 5 seconds.  =)  I told a little long to read up on the menu.  I could not decide between breakfast or lunch.  But since the Yelp reviews were mostly on the breakfast, I can't go wrong!    I ordered the ranch house omelet (3 eggs, bacon, sausage, and cheddar cheese) and I picked hash browns plus an english muffin.  The omelet was very good, the eggs cooked just right, the bacon isn't that paper thin stuff or crumbled, it was chucks, the sausage was good, and the melting cheddar just made it all come together.    My hubby order the chili bean omelet (3 eggs, cheddar cheese, and topped with homemade chili, cheese, and onions).  He loved the omelet, but the chili was too tomato-y for him.  But he loves spicy chili that kick you in the teeth kind (NOT for everyone).  We also order the 3 piece french toast that we did not eat until we finished the omelet.  We should not have waited.  WHAT THE FRENCH TOAST?  Wow, it was SO SO SO SO SO+ good, it melted in our mouths.  3 good sized pieces lighty dusted with powder sugar and we found out the bread is homemade.  The bread is light, doughy, and just DARN good.    I think I found my new breakfast joint in my neighbor.  Next to come back for lunch and/or dinner.
4 We've been visiting TJ's for only about a year now, despite having lived on the west side for 30+ years, and so far we have enjoyed all of our meals there...breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  We usually visit on Sundays, after church, but we've also gone other mornings for breakfast.  The longest we've had to wait for a table is maybe 10 minutes.  TJ's is not fancy, but everything is homemade, even their hamburger buns!  The biscuits and gravy are delicious, but huge, and definitely coma-inducing!  One of my favorite things about their menu is their senior menu.  Although I am a long way from being a senior, they allow anyone to order from it, so I'm able to enjoy smaller portions of my favorite foods.  While most of what we've had has been excellent, occasionally there has been a miss....an overcooked egg or cold hash browns.  However, usually, everything is delicious!  If you live on the west side of Phoenix, give TJ's a try....you won't be sorry.
5 Oh, TJ's. I dream about your biscuits and gravy!
5 One of the most important things in life is a great breakfast place.  TJ's has everything I look for.  Be aware, it is not classy or swanky...it is old fashioned diner goodness.  The first sign that it was good was the staff.  A good diner will have career waitresses.  They have been doing it for years and they LOVE what they do.  None of these "I'm too good to serve your" college students.  Typically in a great diner they will call you sweetheart or dear or some other endearing term.  There isn't egg beaters or vegan options on the menu.  They cook with butter and their biscuits probably have lard in them.  Go to the east side if you want a yuppy trendy breakfast but if you want to experience the way a breakfast diner SHOULD be, go to TJ's.  The service was perfect and the food was great.  This will be our breakfast spot!
4 This is our weekend get away from the kids!  ALWAYS GREAT FOOD AND EVEN BETTER PEOPLE AND SERVICE!!  There are always HUGE servings and you never leave hungry.  Great small town feel just when you need it!
1 I tried the pancakes and was asked if I wanted bacon to go along with it.  The pancakes were extremely bland and the bacon was overcooked.  The orange juice was watered down as well.  Good service but the food is well below sub-par.
4 Two words: biscuits and gravy. Yum.
5 This is a great place, the food is excellent and the service is great.  Sometimes there is a wait to get in, but well worth it!  Watch out if you park in the front lot, if you park in the spots marked with the signs for the motorcycle shop next to the restaurant, you will get towed, so pay attention to the signs.
5 Came here after hiking and was straving...  We had to put our name on the list but the wait was only 5 mins.  The server right away came and took our drink order.  Had to get the ice tea, I needed to cool off from the hike.    Ordered the Chicken Fried Steak (I know it defeats the purpose of my hike)....but it sounds so good.  And then it tasted so good...  The steak was pan fried and a light coating.  The country gravy on it was heavenly and the hash brown were da BOMB.  I also got sourdough toast to soak up the country gravy.    The food and service was excellent....  =)  Love this little old diner.
4 Amazing.
4 Great find! First time here. Waitress was extremely friendly. Owner came over to make sure we were enjoying the meal. I had the Spanish omelet. The salsa was very good! Biscuits and gravy were tasty.. Gravy was good with a fresh made heavy biscuit. Over all despite the outside appearance and bric-a-brac decor, we will def be returning!
4 The family and I were undecided what we wanted for dinner.  We wanted something inexpensive but tasted good.  Everyone was tired of the same old fast food places we have in the west valley.  I pulled up yelp an saw the reviews for this place.  I have to admit this is a place I avoided for my own reasons but glad I decided to give it a try.  I got the all you can eat fish fry, wife got the corn beef and the kids had stuff from the kids menu.  Everyone was happy with their meals and we will be back to try their breakfast menu.
4 One of the things I noticed about Avondale Arizona is the abundance of chain restaurant establishments, especially north of I-10 off of Dysart Road. But if you venture on the south side of the 10, you will come across TJ's.   TJ's Homestyle Restaurant is about as un-chain as you will find in these parts. A true mom-and-pop diner that serves up meals that scream comfort. My experience here came on the morning I made my way back to California after nearly a week on the road in Arizona visiting family. I can thank my brother and sister-in-law for taking me here on this morning visit.   Arrived to a near empty restaurant and sat down and ordered up their Ham and Mushroom omelet which came with four golden pancakes. The omelet was simple and fresh and the pancakes were fluffy and reminded me of my grandmother's pancakes (just a little beyond golden brown...but not burnt). The Hot Chocolate was out of this world good...super chocolatey and smooth with the dollop of whipped cream on top.     The service is friendly but real cut and dry about things...like "tell me what you want and make it fast". I kind of like that about this place as it's a real locals spot (witnessed locals talking about family and life with the waitress and each other). I also found it amusing that the cook came out and observed our order being taken...I guess he wants to make sure there's no mistake or screw ups in between us and him.   Avondale is lucky to have a place like this...seriously...with a town full of chain restaurants, TJ's gives Avondale some much needed character when it comes to dining options.
4 This place is amazing!!!! The cinnamon rolls are insane don't leave without getting one! I had a breakfast sandwich and the Mr. Had eggs bacon and potatoes. We shared a cinnamon roll and the bill was $17. I will be going the next time I'm in the area! Skip Denny's and ihop and go to TJ's
5 There are so few down home mom and pop places in the west valley.  This one is a gem. No frills great home cookin'.  Best biscuits and gravy you will EVER enjoy! And their pecan pie is TO DIE FOR. (Order one in advance to take home.)  Staff makes us feel right at home.  Reminds me of the good ole small town diners back home. Now one of our regular haunts, can't beat it for breakfast.
4 Quintessential old school restaurant, just minutes from I-10.  We went for breakfast and were very pleased!  PROS: I'll repeat, this place is old school, and when you walk in you get good memories of a time when things were a little more simple and basic. Service was prompt and friendly, and it only took several minutes to deliver our meals.  My son had an omelet that was plump and full of veggies/meats, the hash browns were perfectly crisp, eggs made to order were on target, and their iced tea was good.    CONS: No turkey sausage?  Uggh, that hurt -- I'm on a diet, and it's nice to have this option.  Lastly, Old school should not cross the cleanliness line: a couple of booths need replacing due to tears in fabric, and the a/c leaves a streak of black soot across the ceiling.  TJs or "insert chain here" for breakfast?  TJs wins by 1.5 laps!  Excellent service, excellent chow, and a reminder of how things used to be.  We're fans!  Cheers! RS
3 I've been there several times with my hubby who is a huge fan of this place. EVERYTIME I've gone my food comes to the table cold. The coffee was cold, the french toast was cold etc. I'm not a pain in the butt kinda person but this is crazy. I like my food hot, and they just don't know how to do that (at least when I've been there). The wait staff is wonderful. They are very friendly and when I've told them my food was cold they took it back with a smile and return it to me quickly. I like the food. It's just ok, nothing special...
5 First time there for breakfast and it was very very good.  The service was great and the waitress had my husband and I try their homemade raisin bread which was sooooo good.  There was no wait once the order was placed. Food was hot and fresh. Will being going back again for breakfast and also trying the lunch/dinner menu.
5 Don't let the outside of this place dissuade you from going in. The inside is very clean and nice and the booths and tables all look new (or newly remodeled). The atmosphere is very much like an old country kitchen.   Went in planning on having breakfast and ended up ordering lunch instead. The hot roast beef sandwich was insanely good. The bread was thick and they provide you with a knife but it cuts with a fork like it's made of cotton candy. The roast beef is very lean without a lot of funk in it and the gravy and fries were great.   Tasted the pancakes and they were out of this world good. Very happy to have chanced upon this place and I will happily go back.
2 Host was rude and we had a long wait to be seated.  Once seated we got the wham-bam-thank you service.  Food was good, nice portions.  Interior could use a face lift.  Overall Meh!
4 Stopped in for breakfast during our visit to Scottsdale. Pulling up to the restaurant, I had to convince my wife and in-laws to give it a try. I had read reviews here on Yelp and told them to stick with me. So we went in and the  people were friendly. They had to put a couple of tables together and unfortunately sat us in the back because of the limited space up front. Still, I persuaded the family to give it a chance. After what seemed like a lengthy wait, we ordered the food. Very quickly our waitress was back with our orders. Everything looked and smelled good. The taste and portion sizes finally put to rest any concerns we may have had about this place. Everyone, including the kids enjoyed eating a very feeling breakfast. It was a great way to start off a long day.  If you're looking for good ol' fashioned breakfast then do yourself a favor, look past the rough exterior and stop in for a good meal.
4 Don't pass this restaurant by like we did so many times. Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place. Great food, good service and friendly on the wallet!!  We've been twice and plan on going many more times.   The only complaint I had was on our first visit I asked if I could SUBSTITUTE the meat for hashbrowns. She said "sure, not a problem" but when the bill came I was still charged for a side of hashbrowns. The point was to substitute not to have them hold on to the bacon and charge me extra.   It woudl be nice not to have to choose between pancakes and hashbrowns when ordering an omlet. 2 pancakes and a small side of hashbrowns would be a much better idea than getting 4 pancakes OR hashbrowns.
4 The waitresses are old school bitchy but not in a good way. If they were slowly more pleasant it would be a five but the food is amazing we have been about 13 times. Farmers breakfast and biscuits and gravy
5 No frills diner with great breakfast. The biscuits and gravy are the best in town. The green chile shredded beef omelet is often one of the specials and is my husband's favorite. Lines can be long on Sunday morning, but they work to get you in fast. Try the counter for a shorter wait. The cinnamon rolls are huge and delicious. I've been here over twenty times and never had a bad meal.
2 The food wasn't bad and the service was great. My problem lies with the owner who seated us and the way he spoke to the waitress cleaning the table so we could sit down. I don't know if she wasn't moving fast enough for him or what but he barked at her and she said "almost done" and then he commenced to chewing her out and said "keep your mouth shut and clean the table". I almost turned around and left but we wanted breakfast.  This is no way to speak to your employees and I was waiting for John Quinones to come out and ask "what would you do?".
3 First off the food is pretty good. It's not amazing but good for the money spent. My wife loves the biscuits and their scrambles will fill you up.  The one downfall to TJ's is the owner, at least I believe he is the owner. From the four or five times I have been here I have overheard him drop the f bomb, talk down to his employees, degrade women and talk badly of them, and be very harsh with the customers and waitresses. It is to the point that my wife doesn't like going there and would rather me pick up the food and bring it home.   Just beware if you go here you will find good food but a nasty owner at the front.
5 Amazing food!  It is a nice mom and pop place with huge serving sizes and a friendly staff.  Corned beef hash is so yummy and the farmers breakfast can cure any hangover.  It is the perfect Sunday morning breakfast joint!
2 Rude host...long wait...rushed to eat n go! Table side service and food were good/ok Place needs a good cleaning n makeover
2 Cool little place, you can they've been there forever and have a great following.  The biscuits and gravy were okay but nothing to write home about.
3 I like supporting this place because it's a nice change from all the other "big box" restaurant chains in the area, but I agree with other reviewers that the host on weekend is short tempered and there is a "hurry up and go" feeling.  The food is good comfort food and you get plenty of it, but it was sort of bland.  The place needs some serious updating. It probably looks the same as it did when it opened way back when.  I do agree that if the host was the owner, he needs some serious attitude adjustment. Being rude to customers or barking at your staff is just bad business. While I appreciate wanting to get people in and out quickly to minimize wait times, I almost felt like my business wasn't appreciated. A feeling I don't get at IHOP up the road.
3 Came for the pie  Don't make it south of of the I-10 often.  Heard that TJ's has some of the best pie in the state, so we swung by.  The place reminds me of the diners in Chicago burbs.  Small-ish, busy, decorated partly like a home, and a clear 1950s/1960s vibe.  Wait staff was nice and sat us quickly.  Lunch of sandwiches was good.  And the pie-- one peach crumb and one coconut cream-- were indeed yummy.  Can't say they were incredible, though.  However, we didn't have apple or cherry since we were told that they are saved for the Friday night service, which is apparently their only dinner shift.  From the menu, I think this place would rock for breakfast.
1 My husband and I went for breakfast this past Friday morning.  I have always loved, loved this place.  One of the items we ordered was biscuits and gravy.  It tasted worse than wallpaper paste.  I think they have been using their coffee grinds several times instead of using fresh each time.  The walls had food splatters.  The old swinging door in the backroom is filthy.  I am so disappointed.
5 Amazing place.  Huge portions, service that treats you like family.  Try the biscuits and gravy.  French toast is made with great french bread.  Saturday is busy but the wait wasn't to long.
4 We went on a Friday morning at 9am. The place was packed, and the wait was 10-15 minutes.  We ordered the Friday special (green chilli shredded beef omelette) and chicken fried steak with eggs (done overeasy). The green chilli shredded beef was amazing. The chicken fried steak was OK. The eggs were done perfecly. The servings were pretty big. We also got a big cinammon roll which was pretty good. Overall, it was a pretty good eating experience.
1 I've heard so much of this place, but honestly, I am not a fan, asked about the corned beef hash, first thing my waitress said, "We'll it's canned, but I guess it's decent." Coffee tasted as if it was from the day before. Overall not a good experience.
2 We had a horrible experience a couple months ago and decided to give it one more shot this morning, it didn't pay off. Unfortunately we have ate here for the final time. Every time the food and service have gotten worse and worse.   We waited over 10 min to be asked what we wanted to drink, our food came fast but my boyfriend's omlet looked like it was only made with two eggs, not the three eggs they claimed. It was very tiny and the only thing on the extra large plate (the pancakes were served separately).   My omlet was equally as small and I was disgusted by the fact the mushrooms were from a can!! They never brought my toast, I would have asked for it had the server have came and asked how our food was prior grabbing our plates and dropping off the check.   I wish I could say this was a fluke but it's happened multiple times. If you want a great breakfast place, go to Black Bear Diner, you will NOT be let down like you would be here!
2 Initial perception was not good, the elder lady that sat us was rude. I had to get my own high chair. The building is old and the inside is very dirty and dated.   Although the place was packed and the food came out a in a reasonable amount of time, it was warm except for my sausage links which were cold. When I mentioned they were cold the waitress did take them back. I was expecting to get some new fresh/hot sausage, but to my surprise I just got the same ones that were microwaved.   The only good thing about this place was our waitress, she was very friendly, but other than that do now waste your time or money.
4 Good food, if you don't mind waiting.  I went with a couple of friends on a Saturday morning at about 10 AM after finding the place onYelp. There was about a 15 minute wait to for an open table, but when we got there the table was clean and we were waited on quickly. We ordered once our drinks arrived, then waited til about 11 before we received our plates. The food was good though and as the place was packed I would say that had a good deal to do with the long wait.  I would say the atmosphere is that of an old diner that had the soul taking out to belong to a chain, and people actually seem to give two sh*ts about the service.  I would definitely go again for a good breakfast, but I'll make sure I don't need to be anywhere else for a couple of hours.  P.S. If you like a nice clean car, you may want to steer clear of their dirt parking lot.
4 Went to TJ's with the family on a Sunday morning and only waited 10 minutes to get our table!  This is my 2nd visit.  The 1st time I had a slimy lemon wedge in my tea and exchanged it for a water but still gave the food a chance.  I'm glad I did it was if I went to eat at my grandma's house.  This 2nd time I had a water with a lemon wedge.  The lemon was so hard because it was not ripe but better than being slimy. Food was awesome again!  The meatloaf with brown gravy is my favorite so far.  Good food, not a fancy place but they make you feel comfortable!
5 My wife and I have been eating breakfast Saturday and Sunday at TJ's for the last few years.  Local owners, loyal staff and the vast majority of the patron's are repeat locals.  Great food, too much, but great!  Gets pretty busy Saturday and Sunday mornings... We try to get there around 8:00 am.  I work in San Francisco and commute back to Goodyear every weekend; breakfast at TJ's with my wife sure helps make it all worthwhile!
5 This morning we passed TJ's and decided to stop in for breakfast. We arrived at just the right time to take the last two seats at the counter. There were a lot of choices on the menu and I decided on the farmer omelette with hash browns and toast. My hubby went for the chili omelette with biscuits and gravy. The portion size on my meal was great and on his it was huge! The food was very good but the standouts were the chili and the biscuits and gravy. I think I will be dreaming about the biscuits and I am not even a huge biscuit lover. The people next to us order French toast and eggs, and an omelette with pancakes. Again very generous portions. I would love to try the French toast that is made from homemade bread. Also homemade are all of the breads, buns, biscuits etc and the pies. All of this and a friendly staff. We will definitely be back so I can get my biscuit fix.
4 Great biscuits and gravy! Itty bitty place, great home like feeling, but expect a wait.
5 Great local place, very local feel, simple food, well prepared.  If you are in the area, worth the stop!
4 I liked it more than the dude did, but in the land of chains that the west valley is, it was very nice to find a mom and pop.  I got the chicken fried steak, eggs, and biscuits and gravy. The portion of b and g is enormous! I thought the plate she brought out was for us to share, nope she came back with another. Next time, I think we could split the one side of b and g and pick a different side. I found it good, not amazing. The dude wanted more sausage in his gravy.
4 TJ's Homestyle Restaurant is something unique ... and it shouldn't be unique at all:  an actual mom and pop restaurant.  In the Valley of the Sun, that's a dying breed, which for the most part has yielded to chain restaurants that have undercut them and suffering in Depression-Era economics, forcing them to stay competitive while their former customers are blowing their brains out or jumping out of windows after having lost their homes  (I'm such a cheery person, ain't I?).  So given the irresistible double squeeze of cheesy chain restaurants and empty wallets, you shouldn't come in here expecting fine dining or even fine decoration.  You come here to eat and if you sometimes have to ignore the basic furnishings and a not-so-spic-n-span room, then that's what you do:  after all, is YOUR mom and pop's place sparkling clean all the time?!?  Portions here are more than adequate and often too adequate (oink, oink).  The food is usually quite good and this applies especially to breakfast food.  I like the back room of the restaurant, which is simple, gives you a not-so-great view of Avondale out the window, and can be a tight fit.  But it's this very basic atmosphere which lends the place its authentic diner-like charm from an age, not so long ago, when diners weren't an extinct entity going the way of the Brontosaurus (speaking of "brontosaurus", do you REALLY need both bacon AND ham with your THREE egg breakfast?!?).  Service, when I've come here, has always been good.  I do recommend, that you do NOT look past the double doors into the kitchen, if you're sitting in the back:  it might ruin some fantasies you have about some elderly mother cooking your eggs, while pa is out back chopping wood for the stove.  Come here to enjoy a very hearty breakfast, good service and attitudes and atmosphere from a bygone age.  It beats out IHOP, Waffle House and many other places, that have your breakfast sitting in pots and pans waiting to be reheated like so many assembly-line draftees.  This is what America once was ... you either find that charming or backwards.  If the latter, go to Denny's or Village Inn and get what you deserve!
3 Imma give these guys 3 stars.  Every time I cruise by this joint, they are packed, usually on the weekend.  I mobbed by today and it was dead, it was early.  All the wait staff has emphysema, i'm certain of that. Aside from the "Smoking Dead" we ordered.  Here it goes.  Special:  Quesadilla omelette - had bacon, egg, cheese, salsa, onion. Thing was big as a man hole cover down town. Packed with flavor. Didn't stand a chance.  1 fluffy pancake. The waitress, didn't catch her name so we'll call her "Ashley" because she smokes a carton a day, and smoking causes "Ashes" so we'll go with Ashley. She talked us into a pancake, said they were the best.  It was the best. Bad ass, and fluffy!  Bean Omlette - Sounds fucky, but here's what it is. A Cheese Omellte with Chili drizzled all over it. You have to get it with sour cream, and cheese on top, with Salsa. Devine!  Flavor IED if you will!  Biscuits and gravy, again, portions are out of control. I've had better biscuits and gravy, but the biscuit was super fluffy, gravy was middle of the road. I ate it like it was the last meal.  Ashley was very on the spot with the coffee, and kept checking in with us.  I'm gonna go back on the weekend and see how the service is.  Had a good time, great company, but I have to start to be real with my ratings, unless I'm getting paid, or the bill picked up for free, I'm gonna find it hard to give someone 5.
4 This is very down home good cooking.  The cinnamon bun was amazing.  HUGE, butter, lots of icing.  I thought I had a sweet tooth and this was a bit much for me.  Delicious though.  Was a little disappointed with my omelet, had the southwest special, it was light on the chorizo.  But the side... Full Order of Biscuits & Gravy... made up for the whole meal.  Amazingly light, fluffy, right out of the oven biscuit.  And the sausage gravy is some of the best I've had in AZ hands down.  And a full order is also HUGE.  I imagine all the plates are that way which makes it that much better cause you always have something to take home.  Prices were relatively cheap as well.  Was surprised how cheap two of us got out of there for breakfast along with 3 pieces of pie/cake to go.  If I lived on the west side, this would be a bad place for me but definitely good eats.
1 I wanted this place to be good so bad. I love finding those family run diners/restaurants that are a perfect go to or the place you take guests from out of state. Err wrong. Not good at all. My husband and I actually felt very sick after. The cleanliness is questionable. The older lady at the counter seemed pretty cranky. However, the servers were very nice and sociable!
4 Great food, great prices, great portions. The rumor on the street is true, the biscuits and gravy are phenomenal! Service rocked as well, never saw the bottom of my coffee cup until it was time to exit the building. I will be back, oh yes, I will be back.
3 Food was ok. I had the ham and eggs and it was very small portions. Service was slow. Food took about 25 minutes to come out. If you want an ok breakfast and have time to spend, this place is ok.
4 Very cozy restaurant very busy during the weekend get there early. Food is very good and everything tastes homemade.
1 Honestly some of the worst food and service I have ever had. All of the other breakfast places around were long waits so we checked yelp and although it was a risky at 3.5, there was no wait and everyone was hungry. I wasn't expecting a lot given the 3.5 star rating but sometimes I've found the more ratings taken can be more important than the rating in Yelp.  Ordered the huge cinnamon roll, chicken fried steak and apple juice.  Apple juice tasted spoiled, told the waitress and her response was a pissed off look then asked "Well what else do you want then?" (With this start we considered canceling the order and just leaving but we were hungry and unfamiliar with the area so how bad could breakfast be done...BAD as we found out!) Cinnamon roll actually tasted decent after I removed the 2 cups of thick icing plopped on top of the roll. Chicken fried steak was simply nasty. Gravy was gross and like the icing on the cinnamon roll was 2 cups of thick bland corn starch filled gravy plopped on the nasty fried steak. Like I mentioned earlier I was hungry so I tried to force it down. I tried salt, pepper and even tried masking the nastiness with tobacco and finally have to give up.  Eggs 'over easy' were soupy more like sunny side up so it was just bad.   My wife had French toast and again I would describe the disappointment but you get the point. NOTHING was good except for the lady as we walked out gave the kids a dum dum sucker, which sums up my visit. I was a dum dum for paying and only a sucker would return.
5 I've eaten here several times and it's always great. The pancakes are the best and the portions are huge. We love this place!
1 Anyone who eats at TJ's Homestyle Restaurant is taking their life into their own hands!  Seriously, We sat at the counter and I have NEVER seen such a disgusting display of unsafe food handling.  There was one waitress working that was not sick all of the rest were and non bothered to wash their hands after coughing into them, or touching dirty rags, or running their hands through their greasy hair.  Our waitress took our orders then ignored us, fortunately the gal not coughing on herself was the one that realized our food was sitting there getting old.  The 2 people seated and served after us had already gotten their food and left the restaurant before we got our food.  Prices were cheap, but in this case you really do get what you paid for.  Definately not worth the wait for a seat.  NOT worth your time!
4 We love TJ's.  They often have a wait time, but it is well worth it!  I think everything is made from scratch, it definitely tastes like it.  We love the breakfast and lunch options, haven't ever been for dinner.  It is a small place, but very friendly, you can tell there are a lot of regulars.  I recently took a friend who has lived in the area for his entire life and he was saying that this is his new breakfast spot, it took first place over his favorite "go-to" (he is also a chef). He said he couldn't believe how many times he's passed the place and never went, he was kicking himself a bit, lol.  My favorites are the bacon avocado omelet with hollandaise sauce and the biscuits and gravy (with sausage).  Their burgers are huge and come with your choice of fries or tater tots. I do wish they'd have a better ketchup on hand like Heinz, but that is about the only no-so-great thing that I can say dining there.   Go here, you won't be disappointed!
4 good basic food, generous portion and friendly staff. my favorite for breakfast even for lunch.
3 What the French toast!? This place has very delicious French toast. And the biscuits are flaky. Good spot for a homemade breakfast and good waitresses. I would come back.
2 After reading all the great and good reviews, had to try this place. Unfortunately, I was a little disappointed. I thought it was just ok. Ok food, Ok service, Ok ambience. The food at Denny's, IHOP are about the same. I would give this place an average rating at best.
5 I have been coming here since I was little.  Some people do not like the mom and pop restaurant because they are not that modern.  I think these are places are great. This is a great place to go.  They have a lot of good old fashioned comfort food.  This place is very simple so if you are looking for a grand place this is not it.  But good food and good people are always here. Very family freindly.
4 Location is very clean and the staff is super friendly! Omelette was decent, good coffee, this beats the heck out of chain restaurant food.
4 Had several of the breakfast menu items. Taste is from scratch. The decor is bland and forgetful but the atmosphere created by the local clientele makes for a pleasant and interesting experience. I felt immersed in the life of the Avondale citizens here.
1 Just witnessed the manager/owner who looked liked he just rolled out of bed yelled at 3 of his servers in plain view of the customers. Very unprofessional. Food is good but service is slowwww.
4 If anyone has lived in a small town in the South or Midwest you are used to little diners with mismatched place settings, old farm decor and of course huge servings of good ole country cooking.  Visiting TJ's made me feel like I was in Southern Missouri again, not Phoenix!    Cinnamon roll was huge and sooo good!  Biscuits and gravy were the bomb!  Could use a little more sausage in the gravy but not complaining.  The servings are ginormous too!  I got two full meals out of one order!    The prices are really affordable, especially when you consider the portion sizes!  If you are looking for a trendy new breakfast joint or gourmet food, this is not your place.  If you want a good hearty meal then this is for you!  Just ignore the looks, it's not pretty, but it's worth it!
5 Great food! Homemade food! The service has never been exceptional, but is at the very least considered good. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable. Their homemade pies are to die for! I also recommend getting one of their homemade cinnamon rolls for breakfast. They're huge!
