4 I completely dig this grocery, well as much as a dude can dig a grocery store.  I just happen to always go here because it is so close.
4 I like Fry's because they have a good produce section that is usually well stocked. I also like that they have a larger health food section than most grocery stores. They also carry furniture and home goods which are fun to look at.
4 Great store, I do all of my grocery shopping here.  The employees are nice and extremely helpful.
4 Not sure what I can really say about a grocery store. This one is bigger than the average store. Cool, all the better.
5 Wade, the Assistant Manager, was so helpful today!  I was stranded in the grocery store's parking lot with two tired kiddos and needed help.  He used his personal phone (as there was no phone book available) to look up numbers and provide recommendations for auto help.  Thank you Wade for your kindness, generosity and amazing customer service!  Just another reason to shop at my neighborhood Fry's!
5 Frys is the best regular grocery store. They have a decent organic selection and a natural food aisle. They are big and have great deals not to mention they hustle you right through the line! It's clean, well maintained and part of Kroger...an awesome corporation! 5 stars all the way! This is one of a couple Frys I go to. GREAT Fuel Center with AMAZING gas prices. Also really sweet special promotions outside the store like a vendor who sold me my Christmas tree and another who fixed my headlights and impulsed me on the BEST car care product! Love this place
5 This is a great grocery store!  It is super clean and always seems to have those hard to find ingredients!  The wine special is pretty awesome too!!
5 I love love love this store. It's always clean, everyone is friendly and helpful and I can always find what I need. So much so that I can usually never get out of there for less than $100. They've got a computer for inputting your deli order so that you don't have to wait at the counter. Just enter what you want and they'll get it ready while you shop. Their produce section is usually very good (the only exception has been the sweet potatoes are lacking a bit lately, which is probably because they're not really in season), and the seafood and meat counters always have really fresh stuff.  Since it's a Marketplace, there is also a home goods section but I try to stay out of there. I may end up buying the whole store.
1 This is big store and the courtesy clerks are wonderful and very Helpful. Most if the cashiers are rude and unhappy,one in particular is "Christina" ( I am at that store  A few times a week) and I understand why they are miserable cashiers, There boss "Lisa" is nasty and always rude to all her employees She walks around with a scowl on her face,I got so tired of this lady being Rude to her employees, I will drive further and go to a different store. Avoid this store.
4 This particular Fry's is my grocery of choice.  It is still fairly new and has a large offering of all kinds of food, housewares, pharmacy, etc.  The staff at this location is helpful and friendly.  As of late, the produce has been less than good and that is why I am deducting a star.  Other than that, the store is very clean and bright.  Fry's Marketplace is definitely my favorite of the chains and I will continue to shop there often.  Tip: Avoid this store like the plague on the first Wednesday of every month.  That is senior discount day and it is extremely crowded.
5 I experienced excellent customer service today at the courtesy counter. This is my home store and I love Frys market place.
