5 Living in chicago I still keep my uniform peices to bring in.  I absolutely love this place.  Leslie, one of the young girls that works the front remembers me by name.  I just love that kind of customer service!  I have never, ever had issues and have been using this place for years.
5 This place restored my faith in humanity. After a horrendous experience at Rainbow Cleaners, I came here and I could not be happier.  The prices are unbeatable and the service is friendly and professional.
5 this dry cleaners does fabulous work. Leslie delivers exactly what she promises. I also appreciate that she is communicative and realistic about the services offered. I was bringing in several dresses that were not exactly easy to clean... but Leslie managed it. Everything was as promised and went as planned. Thanks!
5 I think I finally found a good cleaners here in Phoenix!  I have tried a lot of them and I think American Cleaners has finally gotten it right.  The prices are amazing... $2.25!  The lady who helped me in the AM was super nice and chatted with me about the Voice and American Idol.  The shirts came back to my liking!  I am coming back here for all my laundry needs and to get a couple of suits dry cleaned!  Thank you American Cleaners!
5 Loved these guys! Nice staff and good service. I'll be back!
1 I recently started a job where I need to dress in suits, shirts, and ties.  So I was looking for a quality dry cleaner,  this place was in a good location to where I work and also to where I coach football.  I was a little weary of the place because it is not in the nicest location of town. I looked at yelp and checked out the reviews of other people and then started to feel comfortable with the place because of everyones high reviews.  Let me tell you this, this was the worst job I have ever seen of a dry cleaner, 7 out of the 10 shirts I brought were absolutely unacceptable I would have to iron them again if I want to wear them to work, they were still wrinkled and one of my white shirts actually accumulated some dirt on the right front chest, basically telling me that the water they use in there machines was dirty.  I don't know what person working there took these off the presses and thought it was acceptable to give me these shirts back.  The next day when I tried to go get a refund the girl working was new and told me she couldn't do anything and I'll have to come in tomorrow.  I asked about the owner or manager and she said he rarely comes in.  I am sure they will do them over again but i do not want to risk it and just want a refund I am going into the store today we will see what happens.  I don't know how there are so many good reviews on this place, but trust me I wouldn't trust a T-shirt to this place again...  I'd give no stars if it was a possibility.
1 NOT WORTH THE RISK! As others have said, the $2.25 price on the outside of the building is false advertising... not even dress shirts are priced at $2.25 any more, they're $2.50 now (still a good price comparatively). But that's just the beginning. The customer service could. not. get. worse. To be fair, I've been going there for years and have have had an ok experience. I've had a couple items go missing in that time, which happens. After a couple trips back to the store they've been found and everything has always been cleaned pretty well. If not, send it back and they do a spot treatment and take care of it.  However, my most recent experience has made me decide to leave AC for good... it's just not worth the risk any more. I took a large bedding item in to be cleaned November 7, and it was lost. They had me return to the store over and over to look at all kinds of bedding that did not fit the description of my item and finally they admitted that it must have been lost or given to another customer. Now it's been over two months and the issue is still not resolved.   After dozens - I'm not exaggerating - at least two dozen unreturned phone calls, I'm still waiting for a refund on my debit card. I finally tracked down a manager and he was very polite and agreed to pay for me to purchase replacement bedding, and said one of the store associates would get my $30 refund processed (the cost of cleaning) the very next day. It's a good thing I was checking my debit card statements for that refund because it never happened and no one ever followed up with me to let me know there was difficulty processing the refund. I finally decided to call the store daily (sometimes twice or three times a day) until it got a resolution. The store associates are quite nice, but very unprofessional and condescending, calling me "Sweetie" and telling me they would call me back or telling me they would resolve the issue and then never doing so. They'd ask me to come into the store in person, I'd go in, and then they couldn't help and said they'd call me the next day and would not. The whole process has been absolutely exhausting.   For most companies, their customer service policy is "The customer is always right." For AC, it seems their customer service policy is more along the lines of "Ignore them and hope the problem will resolve itself." Not very effective.
4 A week's supply of fresh crisp dress shirts runs me just under $13 and it is well worth every penny and a much needed time saver. I use to enjoy pressing and starching my own shirts but not any more. I leave that to the experts at American Cleaners.  They are great to work with. I walk in, hand over my bag of dirties, ask a random alteration question as if I'm every going to actually have anything altered,  pay my fee, and I'm out the door.  My pick-ups always look and feel brand new.
5 I found these folks after feeling I got ripped off by Rainbow Cleaners. I have never had an issue with them. Leslie is their best asset. Friendly, caring and does that little extra customer service.  She is just awesome. Great work and great people.
5 Typically I don't care too much about my dry cleaning "experience". Lets face it, it's not the most exciting aspect of ones life, HOWEVER when I find a place that has a person like Leslie, who knows ALL of her customers by name, has a wicked funny sense of humor and gets the job (which is mundane and not so fun) done, it would be really hard to get me to go somewhere else. The owners/bosses/individuals in charge should be aware of what a gem of an employee they have on their hands...it makes all of the difference.
5 OMG..FINALLY !  an excellent dry cleaners in Phoenix with customer service to match. Please stop in and see Leslie, she will take great care of you and you'll see how nice your clothes come out!  Prices and very reasonable!  I will recommend to everyone!
