5 Sam and Sean have addressed all my questions and concerns very promptly and are extremely professional. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend their services to anyone.
5 From the first time my mother and I walked in and Sam greeted us, we felt we could trust this office.  They helped us and answered our questions promptly.  Every single person involved in our transaction was wonderful.  I would recommend this office as an A+ to anyone.   Thank you again!!
5 This Law firm went far exceeded our expectations while resolving our short sale. It was a difficult situation for us and this team made it a much more pleasant experience then if we had tried to go it alone. There were numerous times that they went above and beyond (without asking for more money), like helping with getting our Desert Tortoise (Cecil) relocated to his new home after we left the state and helping us draw up a rental agreement that protected us and the buyer. I hope no one ever has to do a short sale, but if you do there is only one team to choose and it's this one at the Schwartz Law Firm! You will not be disappointed.
5 I did a short sale with Schwartz Law Firm.  As many of you know, this can be a stressful and frustrating process, but the process Schwartz set up for handling short sales really does take a lot of the frustration and stress out.  It's a one-stop shop.  We had an attorney and real estate agency all in the same office, and all on the same page at all times.  All the legal, real estate, and closing process they handled without skipping a beat.  They even negotiated having all my 2013 HOA dues taken care of in the final phase while we waited for the bank to sign off, which they finally signed off in April.  So that was a financial relief.  The best part is, they will be there in the end to get this Judgment off my credit in a couple years, and it was only about a 40 point ding on my credit score.  I couldn't believe it.  So I got out of a bad situation, minimal credit damage, and credit repair after a couple years.  You can't beat that with two sticks!  A sincere thanks to everyone on the Schwartz team.
