5 Rafael, who owns the place, is a really  sincere, excellent barber with over 15 years experience, and it's the only real Barbershop I could find open on a Sunday :)  Baseline Barbershop doesn't look like much from the outside...it's next to an auto repair place, it has a few empty chairs inside, and it has advertisements in the window for buying and selling gold....I hesitantly went in on a Sunday afternoon :)  I'm pretty picky about barbers because I went to a really good one in Boston for a year, and I've tried to find a good barber ever since.  I was really surprised that I got one of the best haircuts I've gotten in a long time.  Great barber.  The cut was quick but done with care.    A haircut is just $10.    Come support this barbershop because it's definitely one of the best around here!
5 Its called ALL PRO BARBER SHOP now. Waited 30 mins with 2 people ahead of me..it was worth the wait.
5 Tried this barber out for the 1st time today. Needed a new barber shop as the one I've been going to for a few years got some tired young guys who you could tell really didn't want to be there. This place was really good. They have 4 chairs and all the barbers working did a really efficient and good job. I really don't need or want a "stylist" or any other frills. If you're looking for a good barber these guys get the job done. The name is now All Pro Barbers
4 Friendly staff and most importantly a good hair cut!
5 This is not your super fancy place with nice or cute looking stuff.this a clean and neat men's barbershop. I almost forgot that men can go to a real barber not those run by box stores with same name and mostly women. Seriously if you want to experience a serious haircut come here and get a cut and then u know why I rated 5. Lets try to preserve this traditional barber !!!!!!
1 Tried today for the first time, worst experience. Cut by Joseph had to go back twice to fix it he shouldn't be licensed totally F***ed up my hair. Manager tried to fix it and he couldn't! My one armed blind cousin Jeremiah could cut better. I asked for a one on the sides and a light trim on top; not a hard cut....these guys should be called the All Amateur Salon. Don't bring you're friends or family here total garbage unprofessional cigarette smelling barbers. Yelp forced me to rate one star. Otherwise it would be zero stars and ten black holes. Good luck staying in business.
5 Just had my 1st experience with Josh, one of the owners. GREAT haircut! This is not a fancy cute salon, it's. BARBERSHOP!
