5 Time after time, whenever my Saab breaks, this has been my go-to place rather than the Saab Dealer. The previous owner, Steve, once fixed a vacuum leak in less than 10 min, when the dealership was telling me it was a throttle assembly or rear O2 sensor (the expensive one).  Now, it's Jared who took over from Steve. This time, my car was losing power. Jared diagnosed it as bad coils and plugs. I called Saab and they didn't even have parts anymore. Jared told me he could have the parts by morning and be done in 30 min. He gave me a breakdown of the quote. I checked the parts available online and it was in line with the prices I saw. I gave the go-ahead and waited till I got the call the next day.  I got the call it's been fixed around 10 am. When I went to pick it up, Jared had the bad coils and plugs on the table for me to see. That was impressive. I ALWAYS ask to see the replaced parts, and I didn't have to with Jared. He showed and explained what was happening and why it needed to be replaced in detail.  The waiting room isn't much, just a few chairs with a fridge filled with cold water to combat the Vegas summer. There's no TV or anything to pass the time so I would recommend just dropping off the car if you can. The dealership might have a fancy waiting room with a big screen, wifi, and feed you lunch, but I can over look the facilities for the level of service and fair price that Jared gave.   If you drive anything Swedish (I used to drive Volvos, too), I can't imagine going anywhere else in Vegas. Swedish cars aren't the most reliable so I'm sure I'll be back.
5 I own a 03 saab 93 after many trips to the dealer and an empty bank account , I found drive for life. I'm so glad I did ! They were so pleasant to deal with! Returned calls promptly ,we're able to figure out  what was wrong when the dealer did not. They were decently priced. Most of all even though the car is a little beat up they didn't make me feel like it was crap. Great honest car repair places don't come along to often,I will be hanging on and recommending them for life!
