5 To all other apartment managers, and communities please take note; this is how an apartment should operate, and this is how a management team should take care of its residents.  First let me get with the few (very few) negatives.  This is an up and coming neighborhood; their are a few slum communities adjacent to it, and some less than ideal neighbors but this community is on the absolute cusp of this and although they attract the occasional vagrant (see item 2 below) this is not the fault of the apartment and given the gated community, amenities and the price this fact is absolutely negligible.    The majority of residents are incredible, we know many of our neighbors and they are fantastic professional nice people however there is the occasional bad egg.....unfortunately we have had to make several noise complaints to one particular neighbor who thinks its a great idea to beat his girlfriend at 2 in the morning and then blast hip hop with his sub woofer....one bag egg doesn't spoil the bunch as management has been great about trying to help resolve it.....point of this is the walls are a bit thinner than I had hoped and the hardwood floors allow noise to carry a bit further. Something to be aware of if you want the beauty of hardwood (and dust bunnies).  For the good, you cannot beat how immaculate the grounds are kept, how fast the maintenance team takes care of any problem (with a smile which goes a long way), and the condition of the gym and common areas.  I have never been to a gym that had such well maintained equipment and smelled so clean (I hope they have stock in glade plug ins).  Overall the management, maintenance, and community care about these apartments and don't think of it as a just a job.  They are receptive to their residents and make positive changes that you can see the very next month many times.  The location is excellent only minutes into Scottsdale and Arcadia, as well as only a quick jump to ASU and Tempe.  My commute to ASU was less then when I lived three miles closer by Tempe Marketplace.  Overall this is a great community and I am confident if they keep going this way some of the issues that seem to have plagued them in the past judging from other negative reviews will dissipate.  We have been here close to a year, we have friends who have been here 3 years and we plan on staying for quite some time.
5 Just a quick update.  A year after moving out I had a PayPal package delivered to my old address, and not only were the staff able to trace it and contact the resident to get it back, they stuck it next day mail for me at no cost.  Truly above and beyond customer service even after I left.  Again take note this place is awesome.
4 I typically don't take the time to write reviews, however this current situation was the catalyst, which prompted me to do so. Let me be clear, I am not a disgruntled resident. I actually enjoy the property, my unit and some of the amenities offered at the Residences at 4225, a Greystar Community.  By way of history, on 3/1/2013, I moved into the community. The condition of the apartment in Building 4 was less than ready to be turned over to a new resident. There was dust covering the appliances, the ceiling fan cord was broke, the patio floor was stained and dirty and the carpet was covered with dust bunnies just to name a few. This told me that maintenance or the leasing staff failed to take the time to inspect the unit and make the proper corrections before releasing the unit. I contacted the leasing staff. They proactively worked with their cleaning staff and maintenance teams to correct the issues. Fast-forward to 2/14/2014, which is when, I moved into a new unit. Considering that Greystar represents this property as a "luxury high end" community I thought for sure, my new unit would be in pristine condition. Silly me, this unit was in worse condition than the first one. I was moving into an upgraded unit or so I thought. The new place had lights that were not working, huge grease stains on the master bedroom wall, a dented stainless steel refrigerator, a washing machine with a dented and loose part, caulking in the master bath was dirty, counter tops were loose all in all the apartment was not in any condition to be turned over to a new rental. This tells me that the staff maintenance and leasing are failing to do a walk thru before releasing units. One occurrence I can excuse, but a second unit in a piss poor condition just like the first one is unacceptable. How can someone market themselves as a luxury high-end community but have so many issues? Mind you my rent is in excess of $1100 per month so one would think they would do a good job prepping and making sure the units are in excellent condition prior to releasing the keys. I again Management and the majority of the issues were immediately corrected. However, maintenance had the audacity to suggest that I come by the office and pick up some touch up paint to remove the huge grease stain on the master bedroom wall. My most recent issue occurred on 1/21/14 while I was attempting to exit the rear electronic gate. I was behind another vehicle that stopped so I in turn stopped. Mind you, my vehicle approached the gate track while it was fully open. My vehicle was stopped on the track and the gate begins closing and subsequently struck my vehicle. The community claims to have video surveillance on both the front and rear gate. I immediately reported the incident to the leasing office the same day it occurred. I was told they would review the tape and get back to me. After a few days without a response I sent a follow up inquiry. At that point, I was advised that no video footage existed around the time I claimed to have been exiting the gate. They even claimed to have parked another vehicle on the track and the gate stayed open. It's impossible to replicate an event unless you are driving a car of similar weight and without stopping in or around the same area where my vehicle was stopped. Nonetheless, they claimed to have no video footage of the event. I secured two vehicle estimates and contacted Lorri Keough to find out how my vehicle damages could be handled. After several days without a response, I contacted Greystar Corporate offices and was directed to James the Director of Resident Relations. He responded to my telephone call timely but dealt with me in a rude manner as if I was bothering him. He regurgitated the same lame nonsense the office gave me about lack of video surveillance. Given that some time had passed since my report of the incident and subsequent follow up the office now advises that the video surveillance has been recorded over and that they only store footage for 30 days. Given an ongoing issue, this video surveillance should have been saved for review by judge/jury or myself should it progress that far. They are taking the stance that since no video evidence exists then they are not liable. I am going to venture to say that I think their position is wrong. I further feel they had an obligation not to destroy the video evidence that may have shown their gate striking my vehicle and the events leading up to the point of impact. I had two witnesses in my vehicle that will corroborate my story. Moreover, I have two current and prior residences that will attest to witnessing malfunctions with the gates while living at 4225. One of which had the gate malfunction in a similar fashion to when it struck my vehicle. For the office to allude to the fact that I am lying about the incident is what really makes my blood boil. I am a lot of things but a liar is not one of them.
5 ****Update to my review of 4/11/14** As of 4/25/2014 all of my unresolved issues outlined above with the community have been addressed to my complete satisfaction. Residences at 4225 has redeemed themselves with addressing all of my concerns.
5 I very much enjoy the property. It's an awesome area. Very close to the freeway, close to downtown, old town and Arcadia. There's a Target, Costco, Frys and Ross nearby.   I moved in here in Jan of this year and really like it. The grounds are kept very nicely. My area is nice and clean and so is the entire property and there's a very nice dog park that is kept clean!   I love it here bc everyone is nice and the office is very helpful. Whenever I put in for a maintenance problem, it's fixed quickly!! Parking is great. The pool looks nice, I just haven't been.  It's a very nice area and I enjoy it here. I'll be here for a lot longer.
