5 This box is awesome!  I was worried about joining crossfit after reading horror stories about injuries and improper lifting technique but this box has the individual attention you need and emphasizes form.  Don't get me wrong though, just because form is emphasized doesn't mean that you won't get your ass kicked each and every time you come in.  As someone that was very out of shape, Sally, Jason and everyone else there have all been extremely welcoming, encouraging and all help push me the extra mile.  I actually look forward to going to crossfit and working out, something I haven't looked forward to in a very long time.  If you are thinking about joining crossfit, come on in as they have a free trial, it is the best decision you will ever make towards your overall health and well-being.
5 i had been boxing for about a year or so and was really looking for something that was more challenging and also incorporated lifting. i had heard about forever strong from someone that had gone for a couple of weeks but quit citing it was too difficult. sounded just like the thing for me!  started in january and have been going strong ever since, i can't believe what a great gym this is! the staff is extremely friendly and will take time out of their day to show you new exercises and to ensure that your technique is correct (which is extremely important and one of the things that i appreciate the most!). they also motivate you and push you to maximize your workouts and not sandbag it. everyone has a friendly smile for you and a high five at the end of a WOD.  i go about 4 times a week and can see the improvements. i look forward to the tough workouts and get excited when i can add a few more pounds to the barbell. i get really sad when i miss a day because it feels so great to get out there and kick some butt! if you are thinking of joining crossfit, i highly recommend this box. you really won't regret it!
5 I've been coming here for over 2 years.  I can honestly say it's the best gym I've ever been a member of.  This is the place where everyone knows your name, it's what initially kept me coming even though I was to sore to move.  All the instructors are very knowledgeable and seem to care about each person completing the workout with proper form.
5 Dropped in while I was there on vacation and felt right at home. Loved the format and all that they are about! They care to help each person set goals, improve weaknesses, and make the most out of each workout. Way to go!
