5 I just discovered this place...it's great.  Very organized, and clean.  The clothes are in really great shape, and are VERY well priced.  I highly recommend them.
5 This is my second review of this place, and I love it even MORE than I did the first time.  First time I went, I didn't find anything I liked that fit, but I could tell their prices were very good.  I just got back from a second time, and what a shopping BONANZA!!!   I'm VERY pleased with my purchases.  I got a NICE pair of Big Star jeans and a NICE pair of MEK jeans for my hubby, then for me, a nice pair of Rock Revival jeans and a SUPER cute True Religion long sleeve (snap-up) blouse.  Get this..my total bill was only $136.56.  This place is my new GO TO place for popular clothing.  Maybe I'll try selling some things, and let you know how that goes.  Anyway, check these guys out.  You won't be sorry.
2 After months of driving by, I finally got a chance to stop in.  Boy, am I underwhelmed!   The store is advertises gently used "name brand" clothing and accessories to buy, sell, or trade.   This sounded right up my alley so I gathered up my Chanel, YSL, Prada, Michael Kors, etc and headed off for shopping heaven... Or so I thought.   Everything I looked at was SO worn and dirty. Lots of fading, pulling, small stains, etc.   I kept my eye out for name brand and designer items. I didn't see much.  If you're in the market for roughly used Forever 21, H&M, and Target brand items this is your spot.   I have literally seen better quality at the good will.   Some stuff was new with tags.. But it would be a Forever 21 top for $10 that was probably only $12 to begin with.   I thought the section in the best condition was handbags. However, the nicest brand I saw was Coach which was severely underwhelming.   I decided to take my stuff up to the counter to see what they'd give me for it since I already brought it with me. (Plus it looks like they'll buy literally anything)  The girl was nice, but she told me she didn't know how to "authenticate" any of my luxury brand items and that I'd need to come back later for a more experienced buyer to look at them - despite their website stating they'd buy my brands if I came in at the right time.   All of my items were thrown around and stuffed back into a box in this buyer's care.  I was disappointed she'd handle my very expensive items so carelessly.   If you like old Charlotte Russe tank tops,  stepped-on-hem LA idol jeans and worn to death Payless shoes this place has your name all over it.   The only reason I went in was because of the good reviews online.  I guess I'll just have to stick to eBay!
1 I'll never go back!  When I walked in the door the guy behind the counter had some weird look on his face like he was ignoring me then said "HI" after everything was totally awkward.  I then felt un welcome and was out of there as quickly as possible (2 minutes later).  I was looking for a black button up dress shirt.  They had 1 and it was faded (Forever 21) and had lint all over it.
1 Terrible customer service. NEVER trade with them. After calling ahead to see if they are accepting clothes, I drove to their off putting location and was greeted by their uninviting employees. 40 mins later they tell me they can take only one item because they aren't "really accepting too many clothes right now" wish they would've told me that before I made the drive. From what I looked at most of the shoes were worn out and there weren't many great deals.
