5 A relative newcomer to Edinburgh, this unusual restaurant earned a Michelin star in under one year, and deservedly so. The 21212 name derives from the menu, which comprises 2 starters, 1 soup, 2 main courses, 1 cheese course, 2 desserts. At lunchtime you can go for just 2, 3, 4 or 5 courses. There is an extensive wine list, and there are several wines available by the glass also.    The food itself comes in some startling combinations which work very well together, and is beautifully presented in a most elegant dining room. The lunchtime portions were fairly small, but by the time you have worked through five courses, you are amply satisfied. The prices are high, but worth it for the quality experience. The house itself is a fine Edinburgh Georgian townhouse magnificently restored to add modernity without spoiling the classical proportions or features. They also have a few bedrooms for those who wish to indulge in a splendid dinner and not have to go home afterwards.    A place for a special treat rather than a routine eatery. Reservations are strongly recommended, as it gets booked up far ahead at popular times.
5 I live in a city with lots of great restaurants but 21212 was the was the best dining experience I've had all year.    I had the 2-course lunch there while on vacation in Edinburgh.  Each course was structured so to create a different combination of flavors and textures with every bite.      Tasty and innovative cuisine.  Gorgeous building and decor.  Attentive service.  Upscale ambience.  Expensive but well worth the money.  Go!!!
5 We had an outstanding meal here and I would encourage anyone who wants to try a unique and original meal like they've never had before to run, not walk, here.  I'm somewhat afraid it won't be around.  There was only one other couple for most of the time we were there (and a third table joined later on).  I hope it survives, though, because this was such a special meal, truly different.  Every bite was sensational.   Definitely worth a visit.  Fast!
5 What can I say?  The food, the feel, the service, all of it was phenomenal!  They have a Michelin star so they could be pretentious or rude, better than you and not needing your service, but they weren't, very welcoming and not stuffy in the least.  You pay a good price but it is worth it (for me, a once a year kind of meal with my wife). 5 courses, small portions but they give you little snack things as you go that are included although not on the menu.  Bottom line, the cheese plate was first class and all of the courses are as good as I've had.  I eat out a lot, it's actually part of my job, and this place was special.
4 This was my first Michelin star dining experience, and was everything that I'd been expecting: flashy foods that looked like Christmas decorations, attentive (not to mention patient) waiting staff, and glass after glass of very expensive wine.   We went along for a friend's birthday, and it was a very nice day. The meal itself was quite nice but I wouldn't say it's the best thing I've eaten in Edinburgh. I think I need to explore Edinburgh's other fine dining establishments before getting a really good picture of how this one measures up!
5 Part of my Christmas gift this year was being treated to dinner in a fancy restaurant - a gift I couldn't wait to receive! We looked into several restaurants, but one in particular stood out, and that is 21212.  The name is derived from the structure of the menu; for each of the five courses you either have 1 or 2 options. You have 2 options for your starter, 1 soup, 2 main courses, 1 cheese selection and 2 desserts. Simple!  The restaurant received a Michelin Star within 8 months of opening, and by looking on their website you'll see the masses of other awards they have achieved...and with good reason!  It's stunningly decorated - decorated like a boudoir almost. The walls are hidden by silky curtains and the chandelier in the centre of the room gives the room a patterned glow. The seats are a massive upholstered booth that stretches to the end of the room, adorned with cushions to break up seating spaces. When we arrived it was quiet - too quiet - and we were worried about being too loud. You can see the kitchen from the restaurant and the chefs are working away - quiet, intricate and composed. It busied up quickly and there was conversation in the air. I relaxed a bit then!  The staff are very attentive and so welcoming. I was having a chat with a lovely woman at the end...turned out to be the co-owner! As well as warm, I found everyone very knowledgable and they gave us very clear breakdowns on the food we were being served, as there were several components to each dish.  We started with Beef a la Grecque - To describe this would be impossible. there were so many different element s to it! Slow cooked beef, ratatouille, parsnips, apricots and feta, egg omelette, Brazil nuts, cucumber and yoghurt, anchovy, garlic and rosemary. It was also served with a little tub of aubergine purée. I'm not going to even try to describe it because there are just no words. The beef was rare, thinly cut and just ridiculously tender. I was in awe eating this. Read the ingredients. Imagine them together. It was incredible!   The soup was a vegetable soup. This vegetable soup was unlike any soup I've ever tasted. It was delicious! It was formed over three layers: vegetable purée, a layer of vegetables and then peas pudding on top with a decorative froth. The portions are tiny, rightly so, but with the soup I genuinely wish there was at least double. The absolutely mouth watering flavour just blows you away and you feel addicted to it!  The main course was Trout , Cauliflower & Pasta with Smoked Cheese - Delicate, oven baked pink trout fillets, smoked pasta and cauliflower cheese bake, celery, sprouts, white cabbage and pak choi. Served with Dijon mustard mayonnaise, sesame seeds and pine nuts. I absolutely love cheese, especially smoked cheese and added to cauliflower and delicate, rare trout. Oh it was just lovely!  The cheeses served were: Old Winchester, Manchego, Clava, Abondance, Bleu d'Auvergne,Hansi, Langres, Sainte Maure, Ticklemore, Montenegro and Rocamadour. The waiter explained each cheese and it was really interesting to listen to. He knew and seemed interested in what he was talking about and gave us trivia about where and how each was made! The stack of biscuits and crackers gave variety and atop the stack was shortbread. If you're like me and mouldy cheese isn't your thing then you'll love this: shortbread takes the taste away completely! Does everyone know this? I found it amazing!  Festive Egg Coconut Custard Nog was the dessert - Glazed festive egg custard, crushed shortbread, meringue, sultanas, nutmeg, golden pears and pecans, fresh mincemeat purée, yoghurt, coconut anglaise with a hint of rosemary.  The presentation of this was something I loved - the coloured pieces placed on top of the custard matched the restaurant logo. I found it cute. The shot glass contained a layered gathering of the nutmeg and yoghurt as mincemeat with the frothy topping, and the custard was served in the rectangle dish with a lovely crispy glaze. It was served with a collection of popcorn and orange zest.  I had an amazing experience here.. The food was spectacular but the staff made it for me! I just LOVED everything about my meal here.  Please see the full review and photographs here: http://wp.me/p2vpGr-fc
5 This has got to be one of thee least well known out of the very few michelin star restaurants in Edinburgh and I really don't know why?!?! It is set in a lovely big ol' townhouse on Calton Terrace. The interior is understated elegance, which was a relief! Didn't leave me thinking I was massively under-dressed (silly, I know). We sat in the drawing room with a G&T whilst waiting for our table. Lovely surroundings but I was slightly underwhelmed by the Gin selection. Good. But not great.  We were then later sat. The dinner room stuck with understated elegance. Big windows infront of the kitchen are always a nice touch. I liked it.  I shall not recount every single little thing we ate. But I can tell you one thing - every morsel of food we had here..... was.... incredible. 5 courses of truly incredible food..... with a couple of wee treats inbetween courses.  As you would expect. The portions are not massive. But we left feeling very satisfied but not uncomfortably full.    There is no better way to end the review. We recieved our bill -  2 years ago I would have been gobsmacked by the price of it. But..... my response was, you know what, that is very reasonable considering it is without a doubt some of the best food I have ever eaten. And that makes it worth every penny. A great treat.
