4 Pretty darn good. The bagels are really good and the coffee (they roast their own, BTW) is great!! My only criticism is they need to put more cream cheese on the bagels. Honestly..... just filling the pores of the cut bagel with cream cheese is NOT a schmear!!!!!  I really liked the cheddar bagels. You can tell the owner (a VERY nice fellow, BTW) really wants this place to fly and I hope it does. The decor is pretty decent with various artwork (that's for sale) hanging all about the walls and a separate "reading-room" type of area that has a couch, coffee table, and easy-chair. Yeah... I'll go back!  Oh.... FREE WiFi too!!! :-)
4 Sunshine Bagel Cafe gets 4 stars from me and shows potential of moving up. The bagels are good (hard to screw up a bagel). They were perfectly toasted and were certainly high quality. I really enjoyed the flavored cream cheese. Most places have blended cream cheeses that are flavored with who knows what but Sunshine takes cream cheese and mashes it up with real strawberries for the flavoring. Sometimes simple IS better!  Now for the coffee. I have been drinking coffee since I was a kid back on the farm and Sunshine has THE BEST COFFEE I have ever had! Roasted right on the premises. Dunkin doesn't even compare. Even the dark roast has great flavor and no bitterness.  Very clean place. Bright and open with a great deal of art and photography on the walls. My wife will especially like the Sgt. Pepper Beatles art that welcomes you in the door.  The owner was very friendly and made the rounds to be sure you enjoyed your experience. He was passionate about his place and very interesting to visit with.  I have to admit I have favorite bagel shop that I will be reviewing soon but am still thrilled to find Sunshine. It will certainly be on my list of regular stops, if not just for the wonderful coffee, good service, cleanliness, and FRIENDLINESS.
4 SECOND VISIT:  Coffee still wonderful, bagels still great (more cream cheese this time, BTW), owner(s) still friendly and helpful.   Yep.... I'll be back again!!!  BTW - Those of you who want to use the free WiFi, just ask at the counter for the log-in security code (WEP key). I ran a speed check and it was downloading at a BLAZING 4+ Mbps!!!   8^D
3 good place to get your coffee if you want to support small biz.  And yes, more cream cheese this is America, we want more of what makes us fat. Go visit them.    Thanks for reading.
5 My husband and I recently went to Sunrise for the 1st time and the experience was fantastic. The customer service was spot on & the food was delicious. We both tried what each other ordered & agreed we would love to come back. Thank you Sunrise for making our 1st time, a great time. We will absolutely be returning soon.
1 I stopped by here today (08/20/11) and the store was closed with a real-estate management sign stating it was "For Lease" in the window. Too bad!!! They had good food and coffee. :^(
