4 I believe this location is fairly new as some of the surrounding area is still dirt lot and not all of the other shops are rented out yet. However, it doesn't take away from the convenience and value here.   We don't have a Fry's in Hawaii but I'm familiar with the grocery chain. However, because this is a "Marketplace" they offer a bunch of stuff here, not just grocery. I was shocked to find all the same name brand baby items (diapers, food etc) CHEAPER than both Wal-mart and Target!  They sell camping equipment, garden supplies, and everything you'd probably find at Wal-Mart/Target and it's competitively priced.  They also have a gas station and a Starbucks inside as well.  According to my in-laws, you get points or discounts off gas if you're a card memeber so, if you live in this area, you'd better sign up! My recap:  Pros: -Has everything and the kitchen sink if you asked them. -Competitve prices, you don't need to drive the extra 5 miles to Walmart to save on diapers -Clean and organized store, it's new! -Very convenient, in and out.   Cons: Nothing, unless this particular Fry's is far from your home. =)
5 We have been shopping here since we moved here, and haven't changed! Yes we have tried the local Albertson, and Safeway. But Fry's seems to have lower prices and it's very convenient for us. Just right down the street from us, and it has almost everything we need including fuel for our vehicles. When my mother comes down to visit us, this is the first place she wants to go. She just loves this place!
2 Overall the store is not bad. They have a great selection being a Marketplace, but the customer service leaves something to be desired. With the exception of the greeters at the door, I have never been able to get a single employee to assist me with anything. The staff in the evenings on week nights is HORRIBLE. Very rude. I must say they do have the best prices and it is very convenient to where we live. If I have a big trip though I might just be willing to pay a couple more cents and get great customer service at Safeway just up the road.
5 I am a snowbird from the State of Washington.  Up home I do most of my shopping at Fred Meyers which is very much like Fry's Marketplace except Fred Meyer stores carry clothing and shoes.  I love the versatility of the "one stop shopping".  Fry's is very competitive and has great prices which often beat other store prices and I don't have to drive near as far which saves gasoline.  Also the gas prices at this store seem to run less that other stations too which is a BIG plus at the price of gas these days when every penny counts.
2 I would definitely recommend going to the waddell/litchfield location. This location always seems to be a little dirty and disorganized.
4 I love this Fry's Marketplace!  Have not been disappointed at all in my experience here.  Have been shopping there for almost a year now.  It is conveniently located in Surprise with plenty of parking.  There is a Starbucks counter inside and you can get a special-order sub at the deli.  We lived in Okinawa for awhile and had been missing California rolls and Spicy rolls.  They make them fresh there near the cheese section.  They often have samples available, and it always good.  Produce has had decent selection (not the best, but pretty good).  There is an ATM and small satellite bank and pharmacy inside as well.    It is a great one-stop shop for us.  If lines start to get a bit long, they've opened more registers making wait time minimal.  They also have several self-checkouts near the customer service counter.  Have always found employees to be friendly, polite and helpful.  There are (2) Redbox kiosks in front, a water machine (25 cents a gallon).  As a VIP customer I save ALOT on our groceries.  For a family of 6 this is a huge bonus.  We also get discounted gas that is tied in to how much we buy (just saved 40 cents a gallon to gas up our SUV....it came out to $3.23 a gallon!...every penny counts!)  I recently got a mailing with about $30 in coupons, including free case of water, free bottle of salad dressing, free dozen eggs, etc)  Saved me even more.  We love this Fry's.......!        Getting water (25 ¢ a gallon @ machine)&  Gatorade, buy 10 get 5 free (plus $1.00 coupon off 5)
2 Don't live in the direct area, but occasionally work down the street at the car dealers.   Needed a quick bite to eat... thought about stopping at the deli to get a sandwich.   Big mistake. I have good memories, but been a while since I have tried a grocery store sandwich .. this one was bad. I could have had better with the pre-packed versions at the quickie mart.
4 This is MY Fry's!  I love this place.  It's almost exactly one mile from my house, well stocked, clean, friendly, and I can get in and out fast when time is short. I also have found some great deals on household items on the marketplace side. The fact that I end up with weekly discounts (usually .10 cents) on gas is just the cherry on top.
4 Lots of choice, plenty of parking, no queues, clean, bright and generally great. Minor gripe is that when I couldn't find something, it wasn't easy to differentiate between staff and customers. Some staff just seemed to have on their weekend clothes! Thank goodness for name tags......
1 After nearly a year shopping here, I can honestly say that this store sucks and I don't intend to go back. The store is great looking on the outside and inside, but when you actually start looking at small details, the store's true colors emerge.  1.  The produce is consistently bad, either going rotten soon after purchase or already being rotten. I consume a large quantity of the pre-packaged vegetable platters and I constantly find rotten veggies. Don't ever purchase blueberries without carefully inspecting for mold on the bottom of the container.   2.  A large percentage of the items that we buy expire soon after purchase. One must be careful with the eggs - they are often times still on the shelf weeks after expiration. Just  tonight, I grabbed 2 containers of eggs and didn't check the date.  One expired in 3 days and the other expired on December 13th. Today is the 25th! 12 days past it's sell by date and still on the shelf... Next time you see the yellow, value  deals for "4 for $5" or "buy 2, get 1 free", check the expiration date. Fry's seems to always be right there next to the expiration date on many items.  3.  Speaking of eggs, we normally buy the jumbo eggs that are $2.09 as opposed to the almost identically-sized extra-large eggs that are $.20 more. We bought fresh eggs a few weeks ago and did a size by size comparison between the new and the old. Our new eggs were substantially larger than the identically-branded eggs we had bought  earlier. I understand some variance in egg sizes but  the eggs we had bought earlier were really small. We now compare all eggs with the next size down/up before we purchase.  Honestly, I don't know why I even bother shopping here. I'm AD military so I can get better quality produce on base at a better price. Fry's is convenient  because we live right down the road, but we're moving in a few months and I don't ever plan on going back.
4 Gas 343 reg unleaded without vip. I like this store everyone is friendly so far.
4 Fry's has improved a lot since my initial review. Prices are still expensive but I haven't had any other issues.
1 Don't go within an hour of closing, if at all!  They start turning off the lights, blocking off aisles to restock, locking doors, and their remaining staff put on earbuds and turn away when you approach to ask a question!!   We couldn't find a few items, but we couldn't get ONE employee that would help us, more than one saw us approach and turned away!  Fry's is our closest grocery store and we HAD been faithful customers, but a brand new walmart is a quarter mile away, and two other grocery stores are within a half mile.  We are going to give the other stores a try before we step foot into Fry's again, if we do!!  Fry's apparently is more interested in getting their staff out early than in customer service.  WHAT EVER HAPPENED TO STOCKING AFTER A STORE IS CLOSED!!
1 [This is a letter I just sent to Fry's (name changed to protect privacy).]   This is a comment on good and bad customer service, and how to lose a customer.  Saturday, 6/14, we visited Fry's #680 in Surprise. There we found the perfect reclining loveseat (Nicholas loveseat/console). We're on a fixed income, and both of us have leg problems, so finding a loveseat that fit both of us and was within our price range thanks to a recent small windfall was truly a miracle.   We flagged down an employee, Ian, and he sat and talked with us for quite a while answering our questions. Eventually he went to check stock and found that there were none in the back. He said that a shipment would be coming in, possibly the next day, but certainly by the end of the week (shipments being on Tuesday & Thursday), and issued us a raincheck. He assured us that he was taping the store copy to the furniture computer screen, and that we would be hearing back. We left, having found a $500 piece of furniture and made a friend in Ian (a great employee - promote him when you can).  By last evening, Friday, 6/20, we still had heard nothing, so we stopped by the store. The first indication of trouble was that the loveseat was no longer on the floor. We asked an employee to check the raincheck for us, and she returned with Ian and another man. This man was unkempt (shirt hanging out and rumpled) and no name tag, and he never introduced himself. He told us that the store would not be getting any more in and that the floor model had been sold. We asked if any other stores had them, and he told us "nope, I sent an email out for someone else a few days ago, and no one else has one." Then he left to deal with another customer.  We were stunned. Ian, looking quite embarrassed, informed us that apparently it had happened on Sunday or Monday, his days off, and he didn't realize that we weren't the ones who had purchased it. He also informed us that the mystery man was his supervisor. The supervisor returned about then, and we asked why we weren't called and given the opportunity to purchase the loveseat given that we had prior claim with the raincheck. He gave a blank look, offered no explanation, and, in fact, didn't say anything - no apology, no "is there anything I can offer to make this right", nothing. After an awkward few moments where we all waited to see what was going to happen, my husband informed him that he was quite angry and we were leaving. He shrugged and walked off. Ian apologized again and asked us to please come to him in the future if there was anything he could help us with.  We had grocery shopping to do last night. Instead of spending our money at Fry's, we left the store and went to your competition. Over the years, quite a number of pieces of our furniture have come from Fry's. This will not be happening again. We may be back for groceries, in a pinch. But this complete lack of appropriate customer service left a bad taste, which we will be sharing with our friends.  We have no expectation at this point. The loveseat is not, apparently, something that can be ordered. I'm writing this because I work in Marketing at a small, local non-profit, and this is the type of information we use internally as a teachable moment. I would like to believe that you'll retrain this supervisor in customer service standards. I would like to believe that future customers with a raincheck will find themselves contacted before the floor model is sold. But it won't be to us.    [Needless to say, no, we wouldn't recommend this Fry's.]
