3 When the one on Tropicana closed, and the one on Maryland wasn't built yet, I'd come here. It's small! It's in a strip mall so parking can be difficult to find. It's two stories but it's a little deceiving. It's tiny. No pool. There's weight machines upstairs. No separate women's gym. There is one instruction room. My friends came here a few times to do classes.   I guess, if you live in this area, it's real convenient. I would say that this is probably the oldest of all the gyms.
3 I'm an in and out in this location, since it's one of the oldest branches here in Vegas, meaning, having the most outdated equipments. That's fine with me, though, since I've never seen it dirty. I'll keep coming  here as long as the maintenance keep doing their job. Also, since it's the closest one to home. ;)
4 Small gym, but they have the equipment and classes to meet my needs.
4 Adequate facility for training bodies. Plenty various machines. Locker room clean and staff courteous on most occassions.
4 This is a no frills gym that has all the equipment you need to have a great workout without the B.S.  This is one of the older locations in the LVAC portfolio but I would work out here over any of the new ones for many reasons.  First being easier access due to not being as packed as other gyms.  Even during peak times you still don't have to park on the other end of the world.  The weight room is stocked full of everything you need to kill your body so there are no complaints there.  If you are a cardio freak you will miss the indoor track offered at different locations and the downstairs cardio room doesn't have individual TV's  on each machine instead relying on flat screens posted everywhere.  So if you are one of those that goes to the gym to work out and then carrying on with your life you will love this place including the sauna and whirlpool.  They also offer childcare during certain hours of the day.  Please look up the hours of operation for this location because its not 24 hours a day and they close on holidays.
3 This is your normal typical gym.
5 Awesome Gym-Have a great workout!
1 If you are serious about fitness and looking for a good environment to work out, don't get anywhere near the Las Vegas Athletic Club.  This shyster fly-by-night operation exists solely to lift the wallets of unsuspecting wanna-be's who fall for their endless cheezy television commercials.  Serious about lifting weights?  Forget it.  Once they have you under contract they do everything they can to discourage you from actually showing up. Like, never repairing their cheap equipment.  Like, hiring a staff of fatso's & prancing bozos that are a bunch of Nazis who hate bodybuilders and throw attitude for days..  Like, piping in ultra-boring music over their video system that is designed to deflate your energy & enthusiasm (the same easy-listening crap over & over & over, mixed in with nonstop advertising) so you'll just leave.  Like, encouraging 80 year old men to waddle nude around the lockerroom sniffing your jockstrap.  Check out Golds or 24 Hour Fitness, just do not waste your money at Las Vegas Athletic Club.
4 I like this place. I don't care if its an older gym at least the equipment isn't broken.
4 I wish this palace has more classes and a sauna just for women like other center.  I still come here because near at work but I choose the other one when I have time.
3 This is like any other LVAC out there, except there's no juice bar, which is a huge negative for me. Was hoping to get a protein smoothie after my workout. The staff is nice though.
3 This particular lvac is dated and located in a skeptic part if town. It's still a close drive for me so I come here when I'm to lazy to drive to the eastern location. nonetheless, it still served it's purpose. It has all the equipment you need and then some. enjoy your workout!
2 Outdated, years of disgusting smell as if it's never been replaced nor cleaned, just very unpleasant!  Yes I understand it's a gym and it's suppose to smell like sweat.. Yes I understand it's one of the oldest LVACs... BUT the place needs some serious renovations!   I will forever be faithful to the LVAC on Eastern/215.. No matter how close this one is!
4 This LVAC is closest to my house so I frequent here. It's not the most modern but they have the machines needed to get in a good workout. It seems clean and well maintained. The pool and sauna area is a bit small so I go to a different gym when I want to use those amentities.
5 First time I joined a gym . And im having a good time and I love working out. I feel so much better. The employees are great always have a smile on there faces!
3 I've been a member here for 6 years and like others have said, the most outdated and crammed LVAC in Vegas.  I like to workout in the morning and the crowd is mainly 60+ retirees standing  around socializing with a few diehards like me getting down to business.  If you go at a certain time you pretty much know who will be there.  Has all the equipment you'll need to get or stay in shape but all the complaints noted are valid.  It is beyond ready for an upgrade.  I like watching TV while working out on the cardio equipment, but they only have it hooked up on the limited ones upstairs.  Most of the equipment for cardio is downstairs with no TV hookups.  There are TV's downstairs but you can't hear the audio, unless it's the music one that is broadcast throughout the gym.  Most of the muscle building equipment is pretty modern and you can get to where you want to go physically with a pretty good selection.  No juice bar or running track and crammed into 2 levels, but if you're serious about getting or staying in shape you can get that done.  Your LVAC membership is good at them all and you can't beat the membership price.  Even though this is the one closest to me and the worst one of them all, I LOVE my LVAC membership.
3 This is the third gym I've joined and I think it's okay. Just okay. I've seen better.   Pros about this location: - They have a day care center. - They have a pool/sauna and offer classes. - The equipment is in good shape. - Staff is always friendly and helpful.  Cons about this location: - It's old! The equipment is fine, but the building needs a facelift. - It smells awful. I know it's a gym, but really. I've been to other gyms and they don't give off the B.O. that this place emits.  - It's small. They don't have a separate women's gym or track. The second floor is deceiving. I always thought there was a track up there, but no. - They aren't open 24 hrs like the other locations. - A lot of the members who frequent here are part of an older crowd who just don't have any manners. They walk around the locker room butt naked. Really though, they could at least put a towel on. - The room where classes take place is small and classes fill up quickly.  This is the closest location to me, so I come here often. Like I said, it's okay. If you are reading this review and are on the fence about joining LVAC, I would not recommend this place. I pay a decent monthly rate, but I'm stuck in a two year contract. Personally, if I could turn back time, I would have paid more monthly to join 24 Hour Fitness. They have better facilities.
