5 This place is not only very beautiful, but also extremely affordable for those who don't mind having a small (under 45 people) wedding. The owner, Lisa, is one of the nicest people my fiance and I have encountered during our quest for our ideal wedding on a budget.  So many other venues/ coordiantors were strict on telling us what we could/ couldn't/ should/ shouldn't do on out special day. Lisa, from the start, has had the "you tell me what you want and I'll do my best to make it happen" attitude. I highly, highly recommend checking this venue out!
5 My husband and I were married at Cozy in April 2011 and we recommend it very highly.  Lisa helps make all the decisions easy and yet gives you the flexibility to have it the way you want at a reasonable price.  We had a beautiful, meaningful ceremony and made it special for our family and ourselves.  I look back on that day as being a wonderful start to the rest of my life and there was nothing to stress about.  Everything was smooth as silk.  Thank you for making our day so special!
1 I have to say that I held off writing a bad review, but feel I must share. I was completely disappointed with the compassion of this owner. Beware before signing. My daughter and fiancé had put down a deposit to get married here and 2 or 3 weeks later my soon to be son in law got very ill. She immediately notified the owner. They were in and out of the hospital at least 4 times with a couple visits amounting to 5 plus day stays and 2 surgeries. He literally would not have been able to walk down the aisle on scheduled day. I understand contracts but at a certain point human kind has to step in on things that cant be planned.  They had to cancel their day because of his health issues and Lisa wouldn't refund a single dime. It was quite a substantial deposit too. She plays like she cares but don't think she really does. I would think twice before you sign the papers.
5 Our wedding is scheduled for April 16. We live in NYC, but we are having our wedding in Arizona since all of our family lives there. Planning a wedding far way is stressful, but Lisa is BEYOND amazing. She answered all of our emails promptly and was extremely flexible. I went out to visit the place last week and Lisa is just as sweet in person. The place is beautiful and I cannot wait to have my wedding there!  I will update after the wedding, but I just had to let people know how easy it is plan here. She has a list of vendors available as well! We are using the florist and photographer she recommended, both are very nice to work with as well!  WEDDING UPDATE: I was always planning to update, but after our event we knew we had to. My MIL was traveling to the wedding when she got into a car accident, thankfully nothing major. However, this meant that she would not arrive in time for our 6pm wedding. Lisa, Peggy (Cozy's minister), and Linda (the photographer) waited without charge until she arrived. We didn't start until 6:45 - none of them complained, rather they helped calm the nervous bride down. Our wedding was absolutely beautiful - everyone commented on how lovely and perfect (minus the delay) it was. If I could give more stars I would - Thank you for making my wedding day perfect!
5 My wife and I were married here on March 7, and it was a FANTASTIC experience! .   Cozy also can provide the cake, flowers  and the DJ through contracted businesses, so the wedding planning is as simple as it gets. Everyone attending commented on how nice the decor was and how quaint the location suited the event. All the costs, packages, and payments were explained up front. Lisa went out of her way to make our wedding memorable!  Reasonably priced, professionally managed, and amazingly unique. I would highly recommend anyone to Cozy weddings.
1 We have confirmed our wedding date for  4/14/14 a month ago. And we got a email today telling us that there will be no one to perform our ceremony. This is a poor business practice. So now we have to look for a new place...Very disappointed...
