1 Terrible!!!!!!!!!  I was on the hunt for a Heavy duty Commercial grade carpet for my office. The first slaesman that came out was Bob Blankenship. He was awfull. He measured and gave me a quote. When I asked how much it was he gave me a price. I then asked for him to leave a quote and he refused! He said " GIVE ME MY BUSINESS CARD AND I'LL WRITE THE PRICE ON THE BACK FOR YOU" so I let him. I told him I would like a breakdown of Carpet price and Installation. He refused! I asked him for the brand of carpet......HE REFUSED saying " All our carpet is made specifically for us under our name" I called customer service and spoke with a man, I explained what was going on and that Empires prices were extremely high. The man on the phone took almost $1500.00 off the price and said he would have a new rep come see me. I got a call from Mike Miran with Empire and he said there was no need to come back out. The price the Man had given me on the phone was for the lowest grade of carpet they have to keep me interested. That same man from customer service called me back to ask if a new rep had been out and I told him no. He said they would absolutely have another rep come by.   A lady Christina Vasseur came by my office and she was polite but very sales like. I explained to her in no uncertain terms what we were looking for in a carpet and a quote. It took a week for her quote to get to me and it was not what I asked for. AGAIN it was just a price, no breakdown of install price, Carpet style or price per yard!!! I told her I could not comparison shop or know if I'm getting a good deal without the breakdown. She told me that they quote all inclusive as a job complete. I felt like there was no disclosure on pricing and that is one reason why I did not use them. The other reason I did not use them is because they were the highest price amongst the four quotes I received. I gave her a second look and explained she was very high priced. She told me they were the best and you get what you pay for. Well, between my 3 reps for Empire they were all awfull. So bad customer service and high prices = no business from me!!   One more thing.....the cell number listed on Christina Vasseur's business card is for her personal photography business!!! Stay classy Empire!
2 When I bought my house last year, I needed to replace carpeting in two rooms. I went to my local Home Depot and got a quote for the carpet and installation (which was an advertised special of $99). I decided to get other quotes to make sure I got the best deal. So, I called Empire Today. The person I scheduled with was very friendly and we scheduled an in-home appointment for the next day.  The next day arrived and the salesman was 20 minutes early (I was on my way home as I was expecting a 1pm appointment, not 12:40pm). The salesperson called me on my cell phone and seemed unhappy that it would be 5 minutes before I got home. When I got home and the appointment began, he measured the rooms and then showed me a number of options. The quote I already had was for Nylon carpet and the salesperson was pushing Polyester carpet on me (which I had not researched prior to this). When I asked about Nylon carpet he became agitated and told me it was more expensive. After listening to the salesperson do more to talk bad about how horrible Home Depot is (I was told their standard installation only includes one person, no removal of the old carpet, day laborers instead of professional installers, they would probably take up to 2 months to actually install, the quote I received was just an estimate and that it would be significantly higher in the end, etc) instead of actually trying to sell me on his carpet, I chose two colors (one for each room) and he gave me a price which was 3 times higher than Home Depot. When I told him about the quote I received from Home Depot, he agreed to match it.   I thanked him and said I would need a day or two to research my options and possibly get another quote. This is when he became really upset and badgered me about how far away I lived and he wasn't going to make another trip out to my house, about how he had given me the information I needed to make an informed decision, etc. He told me about the 3 day cancellation policy and badgered me until I agreed to purchase. I completed the sale and was told the installers would call me later that day to arrange for installation the following day. The salesperson left me copies of all the paperwork but conveniently forgot to provide me with the signed copy of the cancellation agreement which he did provide when I mentioned it.  Once relieved this guy was out of my house, I went back to Home Depot to discuss the accusations made by this salesperson. I was assured they were all inaccurate. As the day wore on, I became more upset with how the sales appointment went down and I decided to cancel my order per the agreement. I sent the cancellation notice in them mail as required by the agreement and I also called customer service. The phone interaction was positive, they tried to lower the price to keep me from cancelling but I was determined I would not use a company uses a salesperson that lies. They agreed to cancel my order and would refund my payment within 10 days (the maximum allowed by the agreement). They took the entire 10 days but my credit card was credited the full amount.  I can't attest to the quality of the carpet since I never had it installed but the salesperson was horrible. I think the only thing truthful the guy said was that Empire could install my carpet faster (but it didn't take Home Depot 2 months, it took 2 weeks. When they came to do the install, there were two qualified professionals, they took the old carpet away, and the final price ended up being $200 cheaper than the initial quote) Customer service was helpful but if I hadn't obtained another quote before this appointment, I'm afraid I would have been gouged on the price of the carpet.  I can't really say don't ever call Empire for your carpet needs, I would just make sure you do your homework, stand firm against a pushy salesperson, and make sure you don't get suckered.
1 AVOID!  AVOID!!  AVOID!!!!  I got my carpet installed one year ago on June 15th.  After a year of having the carpet I had it cleaned today professionally.  I had known that the new carpet showed some wear and tear to it already (and I haven't been pleased) but after talking to the carpet cleaner today- I have to voice my opinion!!!  My husband and I were both first time home-buyers and upon moving into our new house we needed new carpet- pronto.  We had looked around at Home Depot and Lowe's but because of the commercials I wanted to try out Empire.  Our first mistake was not getting estimates from other companies.  When the sales person got to our house (BOB BLANKENSHIP) he was pretty pushy and made it really difficult for both my husband and myself to politely say that we needed to get more estimates.  I knew that I wanted to get more quotes when the dude said that it would cost us $2,500 to carpet three bedrooms (2 rooms are 9'10" x 9"10" while our master is 16' x 13').  I had never bought carpet before but I was pretty sure that three rooms would run us somewhere around $1,000.  Mistake #2 was not kicking the salesman out the front door for being pushy and obnoxious.   BOB BLANKENSHIP did his part by bad-mouthing the competition instead of selling how great their product is (because it's CRAP!) but my hubs and I thought that we were paying for quality.  We have four cats and wanted something that was extremely stain resistant and would be able to withstand a cat scratch here and there.  We are VERY tidy people.  We leave the doors closed when we aren't in the rooms, I vacuum every 5-6 days, we spot clean the SECOND something hits the carpet, and we never wear shoes or go barefoot (because we were told the oils from our feet would dirty it up).  Plus, it's just the two of us- no children.  Our carpet should be IMMACULATE- BUT IT'S NOT!!!!!  I am SO PISSED at the quality of our carpet. The carpet cleaner that was here today said that he assumed our carpet was 5 years old!!!  Plus he said- despite that JERKS assertions- that the carpet we have has NEVER BEEN TREATED FOR STAIN RESISTANCE!!!!  Pardon my french, but THAT FUCKER SAID IT HAD BEEN TREATED TWICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Now I'm perusing thru trying to find warranty info on this crap so I can get it replaced!!!!!!!  I wish that I could make this next part bigger and bolder.  AVOID EMPIRE CARPETS AT ALL COST!  THEY WILL CHARGE YOU A FORTUNE AND YOU WILL GET SHITTY CARPET!!!!!  BAD BAD BAD BAD BAD COMPANY- SUPER BAD SALESMAN!!!!!!!  RIP OFF!!!!
1 DON'T LET THE FACT THAT I GOT A RESPONSE ON MY REVIEW AS ANY SIGN OF DECENT CUSTOMER SERVICE OR CONCERN.  IT JUST LOOKS LIKE THEY GIVE A CRAP- BUT AS PREVIOUSLY STATED- THEY DON'T!!!!  IT'S BEEN 3 WEEKS- guess you didn't care enough to make things right!!!!!
1 I am very sorry to say I did not read the bad reviews before making my purchase.  Today on schedule the carpet installers arrived and I must say the were very polite and neat.  They did a great job, I would recommend these sub-contracted installers anytime  but,  due to Empire Today doing something wrong when they got to my Master Bedroom, they ran out of carpet!  Wow, what a surprise! Empire is now saying they can complete the install on Tuesday ( today is Saturday ) which of course means someone stays home from work to manage this.  The dispatch was also very nice but how could this possibly happen?  I did place a call to the salesperson who apologized and basically you could tell she was sorry she ever gave me her phone number.  She was the least helpful of anyone, very disappointed as I expect the sales person to be the one doing anything they can to work things out, sadly not this one!  We will see how Tuesday turns out, if the dye lots are the same and what happens next. As of today, it's a major ONE STAR for Empire Today.
1 Sale person was on time, in fact early and had a person with them to train in sales.  Here is some issues I noted: 1. out of three quotes it was the only company to use a tape measure instead of a laser to measure rooms, distance. 2. High pressure sales, commit today get $1000 off the bill.... 3. Asked for a more professional quote, flooring quote was written on a blank piece of paper, could of been a napkin, most unprofessional quote I have seen. 4. Asked salesperson to email me a quote so I would have a documented quote and behold he never did. Guess a $16,000 flooring job quote does not require a documented quote. For these reasons I will not use this company.  I figured with television and the big name and hype this would be a very professional company.  I had smaller flooring companies give me quotes that were typed up and explain additional cost up front if issues would arise during install.   If they can't email me a quote they most likely have terrible customer service and with big claims on warranty with flooring I most likely would never hear from them once I got the flooring installed. Buyer beware......
1 My home is 1300 sq. feet.  I decided I wanted my entire home in laminate flooring.  I called Empire because they were having a 60% off special and their ads boasts next-day installation.  The rep that came to my house was very nice and professional.  However, after measuring the floor she informed us it would cost a whopping $13,000!  This amount was way over budget, especially for a no-name brand of flooring.  Plus, we had already removed the previous flooring and base boards so all we needed was product and installation.  Naturally, we declined and the sales rep was polite an left us her card.  We ended up going with Lowe's who had a .99 cent per square foot installation on Pergo and Armstrong laminate flooring.  Today makes 2 weeks since we ordered our Pergo flooring and it is just want I wanted!  Out the door, we paid 7k for product, taxes, delivery, and installation.  Although it wasn't next-day installation, it was worth the wait to save $6,000!
1 Don't hire Empire Today! They send thieves to your house to steal from you while they install your carpet or flooring!  We hired Empire Today to replace the carpet in our home as we prepare for our first baby. They sent "specially trained professionals" to rummage through our property and steal our belongings while installing our carpet. We were sitting in the other room trusting that Empire Today was a reputable company while they pilfered through our stuff.  Their installers don't even work for them as they are contracted through another company. They are not background checked and could be illegal immigrants for all I know. They stole my loaded handgun and watch out of my nightstand table. Later we found out that they also stole prescription pain medicine out of our medicine basket. Unfortunately we didn't realize the items were missing until later in the evening after the installers left when we began reorganizing our house.  We filed a police report and a complaint with Empire Today. They showed zero empathy toward my wife and me and have refused to take a single action to make the situation right.
5 we called empire carpet for and estimate for carpet 185 yards. Mr Ray Garcia arrived as scheduled ,gave us a very fair estimate and we excepted. scheduled a date to install and carpet layers arrived and installed . Excellent job and  totally professional and deserve a raise, that is hard ,hard work and plus they carefully removed and replaced our furniture. We live in Gold Canyon , Az.Thank you Empire Today great job ;;;;;;;;;;         Mike andJoyce W
1 After seeing their commercial for the millionth time for "buy one room get two free" we finally decided to give them a call and schedule an appointment. My big mistake was not doing any research first. When I talked to the rep on the phone I asked her what their average price on laminate was and she said she couldn't tell me, only a sales rep could. Weird, ok. I scheduled an appointment for the following Monday and gave them all my info. What a mistake! After talking to them I decided to look up customer reviews on them and of course discovered bad reviews on Yelp and on other sites as well. Pretty much everybody says don't use them. They are overpriced, the sales reps are rude and you just get screwed. Full disclaimer: it wasn't my personal experience, I didn't get very far with them, but judging by how they handled my request for cancellation I believe all those reviews. All the positive reviews are clearly written by the company since those reviewers don't have any other reviews posted.   After I read all the negative reviews I decided I didn't want to deal with them so I called and cancelled. if any rep from the company is reading this IT IS MY RIGHT TO CANCEL AND DON"T GET HARASSED AFTERWARDS!!!!! STOP CALLING ME!!!!  They wouldn't stop calling me! They think that by harassing me they can still get me to buy their services and it's not gonna happen! And I'm not really sure how to get it through their thick heads - don't call me anymore!
4 I just had to write this review because of not only my personal experience, but also because of the bad reviews written by many of the other Yelpers.  I too was skeptical about using Empire Today due to the many poor reviews and the "thousands" of BBB complaints against them.  But in researching the BBB complaints, Empire Today still is given an A+ Rating by the BBB due to two factors -- their willingness to satisfy most of the complaints, and the fact that the percentage of complaints against the "many thousands" of jobs they do is pretty small in the eyes of the BBB.  So I decided to give it a shot and called them for an in-home appointment.  The sales guy was very nice, knowledgeable, and polite.  He answered all our questions and provided many alternatives.  In my case I have a 3000+ sq ft home that I was replacing all the flooring -- all the carpeting and installing new carpet and wood laminate flooring.  Only two small areas of tile were left in-place, and those areas will be replaced soon by Empire.  I negotiate a very good price and even got the "next day" installation that I wanted.  They sent two crews -- the first crew did the carpeting in all the upstairs rooms and down the staircase.  This staircase also has a long, open stairwell, and they had to wrap each stair step with carpeting and cut and install side paneling with each step.  The carpet crew took two days and did a very nice and professional job.  They moved all the furniture and put back each piece exactly where it should have been.  On the third day, they sent the flooring crew.  Same experience -- two very polite, professional, and experienced guys who did the whole downstairs with oak laminate flooring in three days, including mouldings, step-downs, transitions, etc. etc.   Each piece looks like it was cut exactly to fit.  So far I have not seen anything that I don't like.  They also moved all the heavy furniture and put it back when then were thru.    Now only time will tell regarding the quality of the product, the long term effects of their workmanship, and their warranty services.  But for now, I am impressed and very happy.  And I am a hard person to please.  So I guess when you deal with a company like Empire Today that does thousands of jobs, it is the luck of the draw who you get regarding sales and installation.  And although we often see a lot of negative reviews, maybe the positive reviews are never written -- I dunno.  But my experience so far has been very satisfactory and I am happy.
3 OK, here is my first update.  My daughter discovered and installation flaw with our new carpeting.  Called for warranty repair two days ago.  Let's see how long it takes Empire to respond and fix the problem.
4 Ok, I am writing this update in an effort to report to other Yelpers about my experience with Empire.  They took 3 days to schedule my warranty repair and took care of the problem on day 4.  I think this type of non-emergency repair time is acceptable.  However, some constructive criticism for Empire - your customer service people need to check their voicemail messages regularly and react accordingly - why allow them to use voicemail if they won't use it appropriately?  After scheduling the repair, I had to cancel due to an unanticipated appointment that came up.  I called and left a voicemail to reschedule.  Apparently customer service did not resched since the carpet guy showed up.  Not being at home, he left and came back in the evening, unannounced, to fix the problem.  This was OK by me, and he took care of the issue.  So I am still happy, but the poor repair guy should not have had to come out in the first place.
1 I'm writing this review as an update to my previous review on 7/19/2013.  Empire Today did nothing to take responsibility for their installers who stole a hand gun and a watch from our house.  Rebekah C. from Empire Today who responded to my previous review must have an incredibly busy job as she posts the same canned responses and empty promises  to the myriad of complaints that Empire Today has on every review forum imaginable.   Empire Today hid behind the fact that Chandler PD would not pursue the case.  Rebekah even lied to us and told us that Chandler PD told them that we had decided not to press charges.  Absolutely incredible.  Chandler PD's investigation consisted of them talking to Empire Today's Head of Loss Prevention.  Of course he told Chandler PD that his internal investigation turned up nothing.   Empire today successfully weaseled their way out of a BBB complaint and a complaint filed with the Arizona Attorney General due to it being a criminal matter.  I'm sure they are sending out the same installers who they don't even employ.  They contract out the work to an installation company.  Zero Accountability, Zero Standards, Zero Integrity.  Don't hire Empire Today.  Find a local company that has integrity.
1 Sales agent Dave Weber yelled at me.
5 New flooring makes your whole house seem new again doesn't it?  We decided it was time to change out the old for some new after a flood in the kitchen that ended up stretching out into the living room. Plus we are dog and cat people so there was many reasons to buy.    Our sales rep was Jim Silva. He was really knowledgeable, helpful and thoughtful.  He came up with some suggestions when my husband and I couldn't agree that were very creative and made a lot of sense.  We decided on some laminate fake tile and new carpet.  He gave us a fair price and helped steer us in to a good choice.  I suggest asking for him if you can.    The installers were amazing.  I honestly felt bad because our kitchen had individual stick tile on it before and it took them at least five mins to get one tile off.  They really worked their asses off.  Installation took 2 days and we are so happy!!!!    I plan to use Empire again in my next home.  I think they get a lot of customers but the negative ones are the only ones you get to see. Let's face it they come to us so we can't check in etc.  and when your happy with something you tend to just forget it and move on.
1 I requested Empire to come out for an estimate on carpet. The gentleman showed up on time and called ahead which was great but once he got there it was all down hill. He acted as if he was just wasting his time. I got the final quote within 15 minutes and told him I would sit down with my husband to discuss the costs, my husband could not be there.  His response was that "Empire had great deals with next day installation but no need to discuss that now will we." Closed his books and was out the door. Even if Empire gave the lowest estimate I will not use them based on the lack of professionalism and courtesy
5 I am glad I did not read the reviews before we called Empire to come and give us a bid, or we never would have called them. I used Empire to recarpet my home and could not be more pleased!! Everything from scheduling a consultation, to choosing my carpet, to installation went smoothly. I ended up spending a bit more than I wanted, but LOVE the carpet I got, which makes it OK. The salesman was personable and knowledgeable about the product. Once we decided to go with Empire they were able to schedule our job for just 3 days out!  Everything was included in the price, including the installers moving the furniture. This was a huge stress relief as we have a two story home and I had envisioned having to take everything downstairs. We were told that the work could be completed and house restored to normal in one day. On the day of installation the installer called at the agreed upon time to notify me he would arrive in 30 minutes. They arrived right on time and were courteous and professional. The installers did a beatiful job, completed on schedule, and returned our home to better than new condition before leaving that evening. I am just so pleased!! Highly recommend!
1 Stay far away from this place!!!!! They came to give me a quote it started at over $12,000 for 2,000 sq ft of carpet. When I told Larry that was way over my budget, he lowered the price 4 other times doing me a favor and giving me the upgraded carpet and finally coming down to $7,000. I agree why I don't know, but thank god for a friend who came to my rescue and told me that is an outrageous price for carpet. He took me to Home Depot. I was able to get the same kind of carpet, upgraded pad, with free installation, they will move furniture and haul away the old carpet for less then $4,000. Same services Empire carpet offered me. I had a wonderful sales person at Home Depot who tried to save me money anyway she could. Plus NO hassle! I don't even give this business a one star! What thieves! How they can sleep at night ripping people off is beyond me! Thanks again to my friend Richard and Home Depot for saving me over $3000.
5 I had new laminate floors installed today and could not have been more pleased with my decision to work with the folks at Empire.  From the sales person, Robbie to the installer Jim and Rob everything was absolutely wonderful.  The installation was amazing, from moving the furniture like it was their own to removing the old carpet and padding as well as all of the trash.  You would have never even known they were there.  They took great pride in their work and it showed.  I would highly recommend this team for any flooring needs that you might have.I had bids from several other companies and they price met the bid to get my business.  I am glad that I went with them as the result was awesome.  They know their business and it shows.  The Customer service person and the sales rep both stopped by the day of install and I even got a Customer Satisfaction call during the install in case I had any questions. Can't ask for more attention than that.   Love my floors--it is like I have a brand new house!!
