4 They have MADELEINES!!!!! I love these things and have not been get them at the 4 other Starbucks I go to. Until now.
4 This review is for the Starbucks INSIDE Target at Decatur & 215, most people think this is the Starbucks on the other side of the freeway but is not.       Pretty decent service, huge plus that it's inside of a Target, super convienent for me for sure. Some times when it's slower in the store there wont be an employee around so you have to wait a little, but the store continues to get busier so that is becoming less of a problem. Everything else is awesome, I love to people watch from the seating area that looks out the window in the parking lot and can see the people walking in and out the front doors. Also, if you have the Target REDcard, your 5% discount applies to Starbucks too! I was so freakin' excited when I realized that!
5 This is the Starbucks inside of Target! They are clean and quick and they never have long lines. I like coming here after shopping because it's relaxing and quiet amidst the sound of beeping from the checkout lanes!   My drinks were always on par here, I have never had anything wrong with my Starbucks from this location. Usually I go in the morning-ish so it's not that crowded and I can stop by Sbux to get a pick-me-up so that I will stay awake and alert for the rest of the day.   My absolute go-to drink is Java-chip! It is chocolate and coffee and just sweet, sugary heaven!
3 Convenient location for me, so I frequent here often, but have to admit this location has spotty service.  The wait inside and through the drive through us ridiculous at times.  I can't rate this location like many other Starbucks I frequent....I'm a gold toten' member....because the service isn't consistent enough.
4 this location loses a star because of the cashier working this morning. there were three employees working, one was making ALL the drinks, one was making food and sweating and the other was just ringing in orders and stacking up the cups. Fiona and Ryan were making everything trying to stay afloat and keep business running while Amanda was just ringing people up and taking money. Not ONCE did she ask if they needed a hand or jump right in and help out people who had been waiting 10 minutes.  It's okay to tell the people to wait just a few minutes and get to the other people waiting for their drinks. She was rude and didn't want to help do anything but make things difficult
1 Sad to see that this Starbucks has become so big that they are anti-competitive. 05/25/14 7:00 PM asked for a pound of fresh grind coffee 1/2 decaf and 1/2 Pikes Place and was told that their new register will no longer ring 1/2 ponders nor can they ring up the two an 1 pound. So they have lost me for life and glad to see Winco was just down the street where I was able to grind my own for half the price at $6.00 a pound.
