5 Exceptional, royal service. Warm, welcome greeting followed by Q & A, get-to-know-you interview to fully understand your requests and requirements. Extremely well-done, artfully designed and crafted, skilled, professional, attention-to-detail cut and style. Exceeded my very demanding expectations and then some. Wonderful, long-lasting, full scalp massage and thorough shampoo. Ask for Daniel! He knows what he is doing. Could not be happier and seems a crime to have received the service I did for the price I paid. Look no further!
5 Had my 2nd Reflexology/Massage today, and I can't even adequately describe the relief and sensations that swept through my body while Mr. Wong treated me. He can determine what my body needs by studying my reactions to his applying more or less pressure, gentle or firm. Finds the "sweet spots" as well as the "tender areas" that require extra-special attention and administers his techniques according to what my body needs. I have no doubt that continued, regular treatments will help to ward off colds/flu-like symptoms, arthritis flare-ups, stress relief, aches and pains, and likely, (no exaggeration) extend my life. This is actual "healing" of my body from the inside-out. Wonderful, highly-recommended experience. Would make a great gift for the family member or friend you don't know what to buy for, who has everything. They will love you forever upon receipt of the gift of massage from you!
5 I had some facials in my life.....I'm from Israel and over there we do deep cleaning which I like very much! But since moving to the States all the facials I had were too light and almost didn't clean my skin. Susan, the owner, is adorable and  gave me a deep cleaning facial that was really really worth the money and the results were really really amazing! Try her! She is also giving all kind of discounts and she is able to do a lots of things other than facial. She has some talent going on!
2 I won't go so far as to say that my experience was "horrific;" but I learned a few lessons and I know I plan to never return here again. When I called to make the appointment I had originally asked for an 11a time slot. Susan requested that I come in at 10a instead. The treatment we discussed over the phone ran about $75. I arrived on time for my facial appointment. A lady walked out into the waiting room and seemed confused that I was there. I said I had an appointment with Susan. She called Susan on the phone and then advised me that she would be there in about 5 minutes. She then led me into the treatment room where I got comfortable. About 10:20, Susan arrived; I could hear that she set down her keys and purse and came right into the treatment room. It did concern me at this point that she did not wash her hands before coming in. We talked about my skin needs and the various facial options. It had been about a year since my previous facial so I was definitely due for some work. From what I understood from our conversation we were going to do two different $75 facials that she recommended as well as she thought I could tack on a light treatment. Looking back, I should have asked for clarification on some things because that light treatment was $120 itself that I wasn't planning to spend. She did wash her hands before touching my face, I stayed aware of that. However, three separate times - in the middle of service - she took phone calls. No, she did not leave the room and take a call...she continued to work on the facial while talking on the phone.  No, she did not wash her hands again after touching the phone. In addition, the other lady in the reception area opened the door and came in to the treatment area 2-3 different times to talk to her! It was certainly not a pampering or relaxing experience to be interrupted so often and to have the door to the treatment room opened with a view of the front entrance. Also, the moving of different treatment machines in and out of the treatment room was disrupting. I refrained from a 1 star rating because I did see immediate anti-aging signs of improvement in my skin from the diamond abrasion treatment. But also, the following three to four days I had small scabs on my forehead in one area that eventually healed. Three hours - I was there until 1p - and $270 later, I wasn't in any mood to argue with Susan when she told me the light treatment we "tacked on" was $120 and that maybe that was something she should tell people ahead of time. I have spent less money on more effective and relaxing facials; so I will stick with them.
