4 I have to say, I'm suspicious of ALL repairmen, whether it be car, anything in the house, A/C, plumbing...etc.  Probably because I would never know if they're trying to screw me or not.  Anyway, we called and gave some information on what the problem was.  We called right at 7, he said he would be at my house between 11 to 1.  He called a little after 11 to confirm, and was at our house by 11:30.  (Sorry, can't remember his name).  He was friendly and pretty much knew what the issue was right away.  He replaced a part (saw him took it out) and was out of my house within 20 minutes.  The repair cost $280.  He was honest in the fact that the part was probably only $30 bucks.  It's mostly labor, he says; which I appreciated.  We're happy with the service received. Thank you Fridge Guy.
4 My wife told me last week that her sodas aren't as cold as they normally are. I didn't think much of it until my freshly made gimchee started ripening faster than normal. This Korean dude kicked in to EMERGENCY MODE, rescuing my big jar of gimchee and tossing it a life preserver (I put it in an ice chest).  I looked at my options on Yelp. To my horror, pretty much everyone had a 1 star except All City. He had no reviews. After calling around various places and never getting to talk to an actual technician (only dispatch operators). I called Mike back at All City because he's the ONLY one I was able to talk to directly. He was even very honest about how he couldn't give me a quote unless he saw it in person $70.  I have to admit, the $70 was about average. Some were $40. But since he was the ONLY ONE I actually talked to in person. I called him back. He showed up within 20 min, told me what the problem was, and the cost. It was fixed in 10 min.  He told me my 10 year old Kenmore (Whirlpool) is better than LGs and Samsungs (was hesitant to tell me since I'm Korean), because he said their parts have to be special ordered. It can take 1-2 weeks, which can be a long time if you have food going bad today. He gave me tips on how to keep my two Kenmores in good working order and what to look for to see if something isn't right (like closing the freezer to see if the fridge door opens to check for tight door seal).   I was extremely pleased with Mike's service and his expertise. I'm Yelping about him because he deserves it.
1 I called this company asking for help. I had gotten home around 7 and found my kitchen flooded when I spoke to them on the phone they said they would not come out because it wasn't an emergency! I then asked if they could come out early the next morning because i have work and he gave me a 5 hour window where they might show up. All in all I have decided this place is not worth my time.
1 I had a bad experience with this guy mike. He charged us 370 dollars to replace a fan motor which seemed very high. Also when he replaced the part the fridge was making a very loud vibration noise . He asked me if I had any weatherstripping to stop the noise.You figure if you're paying that much    Money he'd fix it right the first time . Don't use this guy he'll rip u off !!!!!
5 When we moved into our new house, our ice maker didn't work. After about 5 months, I got sick of buying ice from the grocery store and called both our home warranty and KitchenAid (the make of the fridge) to get some recommendations for refrigerator repair. Between those two companies, I was given 4 names for repair places.  I spent about an hour searching and reviewing all four companies on Google. 3 of those companies had a host of terrible reviews, and 2 of them had an F rating from the BB. Only 1 of the companies had mediocre reviews, and an A from the BBB.  During my research however, I stumbled upon "The Refrigerator Specialist." I was a little skeptical at first, due to the same name and number popping up on multiple websites, without much other information. Despite this, there seemed to be a host of glowing comments.  So, since the first 4 people recommended to me all looked pretty terrible, I took a chance and called this place. Mike (the owner?) answered the phone. I get the feeling this is just one guy running his own refrigerator repair business.  Mike comes across a little gruff (think East Coast type of attitude) but got straight to the point. I called late on a Friday afternoon and he was here early Saturday morning.  He took a look at my fridge, told me exactly what was wrong with it and what it would cost to fix. He didn't play games. He didn't try to up sell me. He didn't add on any crazy fees. His prices were very reasonable.   Once we agreed on the price, he fixed it then and there (he had extra parts in his truck). It was honestly quite refreshing to deal with someone who is prompt, honest, and does quality work. The next time I have any problem with my refrigerator or freezer, Mike will be the first person I call.
