5 This place is a little hard to find at first its inside the shell gas station. But do not let that detour you. Pretty much every thing there is awesome. Prices are awesome too. The 16" one topping pizza is 7.99 it really reminds me of the pizza places back east. It just has that look and feel. Pretty much every thing there is made there so its not just a bunch of frozen stuff. Plus Mo the guy who owns it is the nicest guy ever he really puts forth the effort to get to know his customers and to remember them.   Also they have home made baklava that is .99 a piece  You really cant go wrong with Mo's.
2 I've read many raving reviews about this place but found it to be less than good myself.  It kinda tasted like frozen pizza dough(its not) and my cheese was barely meted.  I prefer my pizza to be nice and bubbly on top.  I give it two stars because the owner was super nice and gave us extra toppings for free.
5 This place has great pizza and it's done really fast. I got a medium pizza with 4 toppings for $10! That's a heck of a deal. The pizza was really good and mo is a super nice guy. I ordered the pizza and had it delivered and while he said it would be 45 minutes he was here in 30.   These pizza's are made to order and are fresh, if you stand there you can watch him make your pizza, no frozen dough here. The Baklava is really good too. I highly recommend this pizza place.
4 I tried the $5.99 large 16" cheese pizza special here yesterday and it wasn't bad for a pizzeria located in a gas station. I honestly didn't catch which kind of cheese was used, but it was garnished with herbs which gave it a good taste. I will go back here when I feel like a pizza again since I live close to it. The menu also included the extras like pasta and burgers, I'll try one of those next time I go along with the pizza.
5 I love Mo's, been here plenty of times and it never has disappointed. The pizza is great and well priced, good extras too including the Eggplant Parmesan dinner. Also, the owner is really nice and goes above and beyond for his customers. I recommend trying it out, and not for just the pizza. Everything there is made there except for the desserts which is fine with me. He does make the baklava himself though.
1 Tragically bad pizza.  Undercooked to one notch above raw.  The brilliantly white "cheese" was bland, tasteless and of questionable heritage.  Same for the red sauce.  The "sausage" looked like the pellets left by a rabbit.  The veggies however were actually fresh.  I live about a mile from here but will not be ordering it again.  Sad.  One wonders about the relationship of the owner to the previous reviewers.
4 Love to get Pizza at Moes!  Cheap and the owner is the friendliest in town.  Seems like he works 7 days a week, because hes never not there.  We get the $10 Carryout pizza special, freaking delicious.  As for the other non pizza foods, there just ok.  The burger is huge and good but the fries are always kinda soggy.  The hot wings are good but suffer a little due to the over-complicated taste of the sauce. Maybe too much seasoning? The baklava is made on location and is freaking delicious.  Will come again and again.
4 Great pizzas, burgers, salads and service for a reasonable price.
3 Pizza is like sex.  Even if it's bad, it's still good.  That pretty much sums up how I feel about this place.  The pizza itself wasn't too bad.  I liked the garlic stuff they put on the crust.  I was disappointed that they screwed up my order and instead of pepperoni and garlic, I got pepperoni and olives.  They didn't even apologize or offer to give us a discount or anything.  We also tried their chicken fingers which were alright. Nothing special.  You could tell they were the cheaper ones.  For the price though, I'd go back again (2 med 2 topping pizzas, 5 fingers for $15).
5 Best pizza I have ever had. Talked to the manager/owner that I'm allergic to gluten and he said he'd order gluten free dough now. I'm so happy I can eat this delicious pizza without gluten pain!
5 They first time I ordered delivery from mo's pizza I spoke directly with the owner. I asked " what do you recommend"    he told me     "listen I opened up a pizza place to make great pizza, you tell me what you like & I will make it happen"   I've tried   Pizzas      Meats pizza (ham, pep, sausage ext.)     Cheese     White pizza with chicken and jalapeño      Hawaiian    Fingers      Hot & mild Salad     Greek   All of my pizzas have been soooo tasty! The garlic and cheese is always fanatic. My favorites have been the white pizza with chicken and jalapeños & the Hawaiian. My girlfriend doesn't even like pizza but she says Mo's is just something different.   The chicken wings are ehhh.. Personally I doubt I would order them again but this is a pizza place not a wing stop.   The Greek salad was good but my only complaint was that it lacked the Greek olives and side dressing. I will order this again.    That being said, when I can order a salad & large pie for under $20 I couldn't be happier. I have food left over and it's extremely good. Ive ordered from mo's at-least 10 times now & only see that number continuing to grow. Stop with the pizza chains and support a local pizza shop who truly cares about making a good pie.  Cheers
5 This is by far the best tasting pizza I have had in Vegas. I love the herbs they add. I do not live close to this place, but will make the trip for this pizza.
1 Had their pizza for the first time at a elementary school today. All were different stages of doneness.  Tasted like cardboard. Liked the oregano on op though.
