1 What a miserable excuse for an airline.  Why am I reviewing an airline on Yelp?  They are all over and not really a type of place.  But they pissed me off and I am gonna vent all over the Internets.  Just trying to get home from DFW to Phoenix.  First plane had a bad light or something, so they had to transfer us to a new plane.  Another MD-80, what a miserable POS.  (There is a reason why it hasn't been produced in 12 years).  Then their luggage counting system broke so they had to unload all the luggage and reload it.  So, a nice two hour delay sitting at two various gates.  And hat do they offer us for all this trouble: A granola bar.  Woo, that sure makes up for it.  Finally made it to Phoenix and vowed never to fly them again.  Three trips with American Airlines, delays of two hours on two of the three, all mechanical issues.  Just too paranoid how decrepit their fleet is to really trust them again.
3 with airlines, always hit or miss. delta by far my worst experience on one flight, excellent on the next. american airlines....for our most recent vacation, just run of the mill.   we were boarded quickly and efficiently. in the turks and caicos, our flight was cancelled due to a mechanical issue, but then we got to spend an extra night at the Beaches resort (free food and alcohol anyone). although it did take them 5 hours in the crappy providenciales airport to let us know the flight was cancelled, but 30 minutes later, i was happy as a pig in slop with 2 mixed drinks in my hand and 3rd on the way, with 4 or 5 more to go.   airlines...unless you're in first class, you're nobody.
1 Seasoned flyer here and beside myself in disbelief with AA. I have to say that all of the employees I dealt with were great. My issue is with the operations of check in process.  In 2003 and 2004 I flew over 106,000 miles on this airline. What the hell happened to this company?   I couldn't check in online. Called and there were 5 aisle seats (as well as others) but they told me the airport had control of the seating and I couldn't obtain a seat even if I wanted to pay for the premium one. I had to get my seat when I check in.  Get to check in and they tell me I have to get my seat at the gate. Get to the gate and nobody is there. Wait 20 minutes and the gate attendant (who was very nice) walks up and turns everything on and tells me the flight is full and she cannot assign me a seat. I told her that I called yesterday and their were 5 aisle seats available. She said there aren't any seats available at all and she was going to be calling for volunteers to give up their seats and take a later flight.  She said she would call people up to assign seats.  What a completely inefficient and painful process.  Why do they make it soooo painful to use their airline? Take a lesson from Southwest and think about the customer experience and cater your operations for them.
4 Eugene O'Neill's most famous play is called: "A Long  Days Journey into Night."  That's how I feel just about now.  Our return flight from BOS on American Airlines was suppose to connect into DFW before taking us home to PHX.  One problem, after arriving earlier there was no aircraft sitting at the Gate @ 7 am.  Turns out there was an "equipment issue" and our flight was being delayed three hours until the "Ferry Jet" arrived.  In the old days, an airlines representative would scoot out with clipboard in hand and help you with your "new" connections.  Well, that didn't happen. So, we started searching for a friendly face at a nearby Gate.  My first attempt was a strikeout and so was my second, but on my third I hit pay dirt.  Turns out that the "new" American Airlines, which is really the old US Air, has the ability to move us from AA to a US Air flight.  As it turned out it was also a pretty full non-stop with only four center seats available.  So much for us sitting together, but a non-stop flight home, IS a non-stop flight home!  So kudos to the American Airlines folks for making our long days journey into night a happy one.
1 I fly on standby sometimes, and if it wasnt so dirty cheap to fly American Airlines, I would fly Jetblue in a heartbeat. The service is awful, and the flight stewardesses are about as old and crusty as the airplanes. I fly this airline every 3 months, and they are incredibly disorganized, but also for a 4 hour flight, you only get beverages with a side of attitude. DONT fly it if you have other options.
4 Ok I am a fan of American Airlines.  What are your choices out there for airlines? They are the best of the worst in my opinion. Also, call it ego and the need to have status; I like status. I finally made platinum this year and there are so many platinum's not it's not a big deal.  I like to board early to put my carryon items away and I like to be able to show and go stand by for an earlier flight without a charge... When you book, choose choice essential as if you need to change your flight times there will not be an extra charge or if you want to select your seat in advance you will not be charged. The new aircraft A319 that they have started flying are awesome. These planes are clean, have more cabin room and your own personal entertainment center although they do charge you for the premium channels.   Ok so blah, blah, blah complain all you want and yes we do have bad experiences from time to time but if I can have an uneventful flight and travel experience then I am good to go. Keep on flying.
1 Just arrived 5 hours late on AA2469 after 2 broken planes & 3 gate changes
1 I don't know which is more impressive;  The six days I waited to get my lost bag or the more than one week it's been since I complained and am still waiting for a response.  Awful customer service.  This only happened because I was dumb enough to give up my seat on an international flight for $500 in credit.  I thought I was getting deal.  It turns out I'm a sucker who is going to have to fly this carrier again.
3 I finally got a reply three weeks later and received a rather generous voucher.  While the experience as a whole was very disappointing, at least the company made-up for it.  Customer service from the airline industry apparently is not completely dead.  It's just a bit slow.
1 Terrible experience. 30 hours to get from NYC to PHX. Lots of cancelations and slacker service. Planes suck and no meals or movies on the entire journey. I have little good to say.
1 I posted this on US Airways but since you merged I figured it was deserved on all your pages.  Sharing my experience. My flight from San Francisco to Phoenix was 35 minutes behind schedule.However I was fortunate (or maybe unfortunate) to have a 1 hour and 10 minute layover in Phoenix. Not sure what happened but when arriving in Phoenix I only had 24 minutes to get to my next gate by the time started deboarding it took about 10 minutes for the plane to deboard enough to get to me and the door. As soon as I got off I ran from A25 to B2. I'm a pretty good runner and I was able to run on the fast walkways which helped. I literally got to the gate at 8:01pm and the plane leaves at 8:10pm. As soon as I ran up they pointed me at another lady and said go talk to customer service and pointed a little aimlessly to who I thought was another lady that was going to get me on my flight. I asked the other lady who I thought I was being directed to if she was customer service, she said no customer service is around the corner. I had a sinking feeling at this point. I waited in line behind two other people and was up to the desk in a few minutes as it was 8:05pm by this time. Customer service said they could not let me on the plane. No other flights that US Airways could work with and they had none for the night. I am stuck in Phoenix for the night. They did give me a hotel, but my clothes were checked in complementary checking as they ran out of overhead space on the previous flight. A couple of things that could have been done very different, as well as impacts to my life.  1. Typically when flights are behind the airline asks that anyone having a tight connecting flight be allowed to deboard first. 2. A minute late to the gate seems ridiculous to not allow me on. Maybe you boarded quicker than expected but you knew I was coming I would have expected you to accommodate me especially when you are the same airline that screwed up in the first place. 3. I don't have any clothes to wear tonight so I'll be in my work clothes, and have to get up early to fly back to SLC in my same clothes. It would be nice if you had a complimentary kit for me even a long t-shirt or something that I could use. 4. I was told well at least you get a free breakfast at the hotel. Nice looking at the positive until i get to the hotel and find out my flight leaves to early for me to enjoy the breakfast. It seems like it just keeps piling on. 5. My family was sad I have two little children at home and they are sad that their daddy was coming home like they thought. My wife also said she was sad but she likely is happy she get s a big bed to herself. 6. We had to interrupt my job I will miss out on two key meetings one internal and one with a client. 7. It will interrupt my wifes work to allow for this flight delay. I miss out on half a day of work time, and my wife now has to miss work time to come get me. I did ask the customer service rep how that works and she says well we don;t offer a service so you can pay for a cab and then call customer service and see if they can do anything. That comment didn't instill any confidence especially when the results from this company have shown that I shouldn't trust them.  If the Airline would like to reach out to me feel free. I would like to see how we can change this post into a more positive one but I will leave it unchanged until you contact me.
1 American is merging with US Air, and boy, do they love to blame US for their own scheduling problems.  If you are arriving late to a connecting flight thanks to problems with your US Air portion of the flight, American will just hand you a ticket for a later flight as you get off the US Air plane despite the fact that American knows that your connecting American flight is still  stuck at the gate with mechanical problems.  You will have to run through the airport yourself to see if the plane is still there or not.  American sure isn't going to tell you.  You then finally get on the plane- totally out-of-breath-board the plane after the gate rep finds you a new seat- yours was canceled- only to get text messages informing you that the plane you are currently sitting on is delayed- over and over again.  No kidding. I am sitting on the plane, kinda figured that out for myself.  I can only imagine how frustrating that must be to read for the passengers who had not run over to the gate but had just resigned themselves to taking a later flight!   In their emailed response regarding their poor service, American drones on and on about how challenging their merger has been.  They also blame government regulations.  Really?  What do government regulations have to do with American's choice to not inform passengers that their "missed" flight is still sitting at the gate due to mechanical problems?  Talk about passing the buck.
1 I have never posted on Yelp before, but considering the absolutely horrible experience I just had with AA, I feel the need to post this wherever I can think to do so.  My sister and I were returning from a funeral in Florida home to Phoenix.  We had a connection in Dallas.  Our first flight left late because our plane arrived late (and because a teenage passenger fainted in the aisle while we were boarding the plane).  We had only a few minutes to make our connection, so when we arrived in Dallas, we ran to the connecting gate, only to be told that we would not be allowed on the plane, which was STILL THERE.  AA booked us another flight for the next morning.  Then AA issued us vouchers for a discounted hotel rate - they would not even pay for our hotel.  We waited outside in the cold for over an hour, but no shuttle ever came.  We ended up booking ourselves another hotel, and we paid over $90 to sleep for 5 hours, with no clothes or toiletries, because AA would not get us our luggage.  My sister and I were both late to work the next day, we had to go directly to work from the airport (gross), and all AA has done is given us $150 vouchers for future flights.  Given that we paid over $1200 for the two tickets to fly to the funeral, that is really a joke.  I have flown several hundred times in my life, and I have never had a more miserable flying experience in my life.  If I ever have a choice again, I would never fly an AA flight ever.  Period.
1 First I thought to post here because this is a training center and you should know how your agents be have during my recent 8,000 mile trip.  First I arrived at the airport in alaska, we were rerouted to american airlines even tho we purchased tickets though us airways. I had to pay for my baggage to Costa Rica ( I didn't have to pay for it on the way back) they told me it was part of the US so I had to pay for baggage.  I was only allowed to check in 30 mintues early for an international flight (really?!). Then on the first flight we had an exit row which was very cold. I ask a flight attendant for a blanket in which he responded "I will have to ask a first class passanger if they are willing to part will a blanket" I said don't bother the first class passangers.  To follow the flight attendants we rude or very short. No notice from the pilot when we were about to land either from the flight there or back. The flight back was a bit more annoying. First departing from costa rica after we had gone threw the security we were not allowed to bring anything on the plane to drink. And even more so there was nothing not even a small snack offered to eat on a 5 hr flight enough tho the flight attendants were carrying food  from one end of the plane to another so the flight attendants could eat but no one else. I am still in shock that no food (even peanuts) for paying customers was offered on a 5 hour flight. I will honestly say I will never fly American airways or us airways again.
1 Don't fly American US Airway whatever they are calling themselves they have merged but there policies are different my family and I stood in line for two hours just to miss our flight and be charged more money with very rude un helpful people a simple flight turned into a nightmare because of there policie differences....not my problem but boy I sure had to pay for it .....never again ......Never again!!!!! So yes not only did they move me line to line person to person they wouldn't let my son and daughter fly until we paid more money so we did 40 minutes before there flight and the lady then says nope you can't catch that plane you have to come back tonight about eight hours later not really caring that there grandmother drove four hours to meet them on the other end and now the old lady is stuck at an airport wondering were her grand kids are. And all they had to say was.....nothing they don't give a shit. We get screwed they get more money
3 just ok.
1 WORST AIRLINE EVER!! I only gave them 1 star because I had to. I should have known better to give them a second try after my first terrible flight! At the gate they told me to take my 13 mo out of the stroller and leave the stroller in the designated area to be put under the plane. Then when we picked it up the handles were shredded and the bar from the handle to seat was bent on one side and the frame was wobbly. Mind you, it was a new stroller used no more than 10x. Then when I reported it, they told me they could do nothing. I called customer service and told them what happened and they told me the policy does not assume their responsibility. They guided me online to the site to show me where the policy was. I had to search it and the lady on the phone took forever to find it. If it wasn't clear, how would anyone know? it wasn't on my eticket or boarding pass. Anyway then the lady told me I had the option to bring the umbrella stroller onboard even though the flight crew told me to fold it up. Then she said it was subject to be checked under the plane (at which they will not be responsible) if there wasn't room in overhead bins. I told her there was in front of the suitcases and she said I couldn't prove it. I have everything documented and I will make sure to get this taken care of. I will keep up this fight and call tomorrow again. I will be sending an email and letter. I have already used social media to post to everyone I know how crappy they are. They aren't responsible for anything! Why would my stroller be shredded and bent if it was the last thing o underneath and the first thing off. Oh by the way, I almost didn't get the stroller when I arrived at the connecting flight airport. They had to "search" for the last thing that went on the plane? give me a break! HEY AMERICAN, IF YOU HAVE BAD SERVICE, ONE PERSON TELLS 3, IF YOU HAVE GOOD SERVICE, 1 TELLS SOMEONE EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE.
2 Absolutely awful! No seating flight delayed 3 times, gate changed like 3 times and no updates as to when the plane was boarding or anything. I cant even explain, it was just plain awful.
