4 We work nearby and eat there often. The pizza is great...I prefer it well done. They do it exactly right when asked for! The owners are amazing! It's a genuine east coast shop right here in the desert!   Get on the daily email list for specials!!!
4 We were walking by with intentions of going to Nagoya, next door, but their sign "SPECIAL, Large Cheese pizza $9.99" stopped us right in our tracks. Opened the door and walked right in.   I checked in on my Yelp app and I noticed that there was a freebie for Yelpers, 6 free garlic knots! If you've got the app, don't forget to use it! Hopefully the special doesn't expire!   The pizza was good. The staff was very friendly... The only thing that prevented this from being a 5-star experience was that they never brought out our salad, for some reason the cashier placed the salad as takeout. But they refunded the price of the salad so, all was good. I was really craving salad that day, poop.   Return visits, yep.
5 I ordered takeout. Fast delivery, even after they told me with in the hour. It was maybe 30 minutes. I only ordered a salad and chicken fingers. They were good. Honestly the 5 stars is for the customer service. It was great. The young lady who took my order and delivered it was so kind and friendly she deserves a raise. Christy way to go.
3 I ate here today- I order the sampler which was Fried Zucchini, Chicken Wings,  Garlic French Fries, and Mozzarella Sticks. I love fried zucchini -but it was it was missing some type of season or something. Hand down the mozzarella sticks & sauce was the bomb and I will come back for those. I though the garlic fries was going to be dipped in some garlic batter and then cooked-well it was just fries with garlic powder& garlic placed on top of it. Wings were fair. I think I will try the pizza on my next go around.
3 It wasn't bad but it wasn't good either.   The pizza is thin crust east coast style, its similar but not the same.   The crust: was thin, held the toppings without falling apart with a nice chew to it. It also had a wierd salty after tatse that was not that great.   Toppings: It was average, my pie was not uniform so some spots had more than others.   Sauce: nothing special, it was missing the extra kick that makes me want to come back for me.   I love supporting local businesses but I don't think I would come again with other great choices so close in the area.   Had the garlic knots too, courtesy of a yelp promo but they were a little to dense for me. Good Knows are light, with new style dough its more dense so not the best choice for knots.  Note: there were no menus on the counter or on the wall, how do people know what to order if there is nothing to look at.
5 The star rating of "meh.  I've experienced better," is exactly my thoughts.  We called to order delivery for lunch, a sandwich, a pasta dish and garlic bread and told it was going to be an hour.  It arrived a little over an hour later.  The wait time wasn't their fault since they did give the warning it would be that long.  The food however arrived cold and with pasta that ends up making it a bit rubbery.  The garlic bread was hard, dry and lacked much taste.  I can't speak for the sandwich because I was so unimpressed with everything else I chose not to try it.    This place just fell short.  I cannot honestly say it was bad food, it really was just "meh."  P.S. Having been born and raised in Chicago, seeing the words "Chicago Up-side Down Pizza" on a menu is an automatic turn-off.  Don't put "Chicago" in front of something completely unauthentically Chicago.  Deep-dish pizza would never be called "up-side down" in Chicago.  I have not tried it, so I cannot speak to the quality or taste of the pizza, just an opinion.  :)  Update 9/12/12:  I am totally increasing the stars on this location not only for their food, including their Italian Ice but for their friendliness and concern regarding the Gluten Free community.  Prior to finding out East West Pizza carried Gluten Free pizza crust I frequented a Chicago place  called Amore... Until last night!!!  I have a disease that limits what I can eat to Gluten-Free products only and up until last night I felt any restaurant who carried GF items was ok in my book because it meant they were at least taking us into consideration.  I was completely wrong and at the hands of one of my previous favorite restaurants experienced the worst kind of discrimination and was YELLED at for inconveniencing the owner who said, "I only ordered this stuff to please YOU PEOPLE, I don't make a dime off of this.  What am I supposed to do, check every order that comes out of the kitchen?"  No, but you are supposed to educate your staff if you are going to take on the responsibility of catering to an entire community of people who become extremely ill when they encounter any sort of wheat flour!  I have been ordering from East West more and more lately anyway due to the fact their product is WAY better, but their customer service alone over what I experienced last night needs to be commended!  Thank you for taking "Us People" into consideration!  Keep up the good work!
4 Great pizza, and I live right around the corner, those go hand in hand in my book.  They do a NY style pizza, huge flat slices.  They also have a bunch of typical Italian restaurant appetizers and desserts to choose from.  No complaints about the pizza, every time I get it, it is great.  The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars, is this.  They sell pizza by the slice, which I am a huge fan of.  Why stop at a nasty fast-food place when I can get a slice or two of great pizza, right?  The problem is that 4/5 times I go, there are never slices available.  And it isn't that they are that busy, there are none ready.  Wait 10-15 minutes for some to be ready?.. no thanks, it kinda defeats the purpose.  Other than that, great food.  I can always take advantage of the $9.99 large cheese pizza!
4 It's not true NY style pizza but it is close and very good all the same. Fast service and reasonable prices also. I've eaten here several times and will keep coming back.
3 I was all excited this pizza place is around the corner form my house. Now i called and it was ready for pick up really fast which was great. They offer you free 6 garlic knots when you mention yelp. Super excited but then I only got 3. I ordEred a white pizza, which has no sauce and only olive oil. it was o greasy, which was something I expected, but so greasy it bled through the bx and stained my car seat. It was good but I really could onLy eat two slIces before having to drain off the oil I night go back but my suggestion: DONT GT A WHITE PIZZA.
1 VERY DISAPPOINTED....called for a delivery order...said i wanted three caesar salads....when they came, the driver didn't understand, I called and the receptionist didn't understand, talked to the manager who didn't care, saying thats what came with the meal, eventhough I called and wanted something different, knowing I would have to pay extra and didn't care. Then the manager said all they could do was to deliver my caesar salads and have me pay the difference, I was like....too late...the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Being in this business for 14 years I am appalled and will NEVER EVER go to them again.....good luck if you do
1 Horrible! I called to place an order over the phone for pick up and the girl was terrible. She put me on hold and then picked up six or seven times to talk to me, but then kept placing me on hold.  I was told my pizza would take 20-25 mins. I got to East West Pizza 25 minutes after placing my order and was told that it would take another 30 minutes from the time I paid for it. From the time I placed my order to the time I walked out of the restaurant it was over an hour. I thought this pizza better be great considering how long I waited for it and how much I paid for it (it was $18 for a large with two toppings). I took it home and ate it and threw more then half of it away. It was not good at all! Their toppings are very bland. There is nothing special about this pizza at all. It is obviously from all frozen products. They brag about their cheese on the top of the box and it is tasteless and disgusting! I would never go back!! If I could give them negative stars I would. Do not go to East West Pizza. Go to Grimaldis or something. It is not worth the $18 I paid or the hour I waited!!!
3 $9.99 cheese pizza at 11 o'clock on a Saturday night. They open until midnight which is nice. Pizza was pretty good. Service was quick. Was told 20mins, probably got it in less than 15. I would probably repeat if I was in the area late at night with no other pizza places open.
1 Sorry to say it, but this place  completely dropped the ball. There are many places in the neighborhood that have great pizza(and are less expensive). We gave this place a shot because the had a "school night" were they were donating a portion of their sales to the local school. And while I appreciate their effort to donate to the school, it was because of this that many families with kids that go to that school gave them lots of business on this night(including our family). This was a chance for this place to really show the neighborhood what they can do. But unfortunatly, the food was terrible. Of course our family couldn't try everything, but what we did have was so unenjoyable. For pizza, we ordered a "California pizza". It is advertised as pizza with fresh tomato's and avacado. What we got was a pizza with no sauce(thats fine), but very little tomato and avacado. 80% of the pizza was just plain pizza dough. And the little bit of tomato/avacado that was there had no flavor at all. And this pizza was $16.00 for a pizza that was very small. My 8 year old herself was trying salt/pepper/parmesan, anything to give it some kind of flavor. We also had one of their salads and while the dressing was OK, the lettuce tasted like it had been in the fridge way too long.(and this salad was $9.00. With drinks, I spent $40.00 bucks. And when we got home, my daughter was looking for something to eat because she ate so little of the pizza that she was still hungry. Again, I appreciate that the place was donating to the school, but there are lots of ways for me to give to the school(as I do all year long). Wasting $40.00 on terrible food isn't one that any of us parents need to do.
2 "Meh" is the correct word, indeed. We received a pretty good coupon in the mail ($10 off a $20 purchase) so decided to give this place a try. After looking at their pizza prices, I could see why they needed to send out coupons ($15 for a large cheese pizza is a bit much). But, I figured, maybe they're just that good.  The garlic knots we got were kind of hard and cold, and the sauce that came with them was pretty bland. All around, void of flavor. The pizza- eh, it was okay. We ordered The Deluxe, which seemed like it should have had a lot on it, but didn't live up to the expectations. The crust was really good, though.  I might give them another shot in the future- probably only if I get another coupon, though. But damn, that California Vacation looks good. Should have tried that instead!
3 Good neighborhood pizza joint, especially when you catch the $10 special on a large cheese pizza...yum.    Not a fan of the knots.  And one time I called my order in, was told it would be 20 min.  Showed up about 20 min later and still had to wait 10 min.  Yeah, it was annoying, but not a deal breaker.    If you eat there, the place is very clean and nice with pictures of celebs adorning the walls.
1 Such a shame! I have ordered food here a few times and it's been fine.  Nothing great but okay and near my home.  Tonight...I'm making myself eat some of it just so I'm not hungry.  Totally disgusting. sampler platter,  fries cold and mushy, came  with no sauce, chicken wings cold and mushy.  Chicken fingers - one not cooked all the wayand the rest mush. The soup was beef vegetable.  Something from out of a can.   Sub sandwich - vinegar completely soaked through bread and mushy.  I almost cannot believe that they serve food like this.   I would attribute a lot of this to the fact that I ordered it at 6:35 and it arrived at my house at 7:45.  The way it tastes - it sat for at least 45 minutes getting cold and mushy.   I will never order from this restaurant again and I suggest that you don't either.  With this economy, one would think that places that want to stay in business would go the extra distance to make sure their food is better.   By the way, sandwich, soup, 5 chicken strips and sampler appetizer $$43 with the $5 tip that I wish I hadn't had given now.  I feel completely ripped off and still hungry....  If you aren't good at the other things on the menu, why are you serving them and delivering them???
1 My wife and I visited East West Pizza because we purchased a restaurant.com gift certificate for $2 and we've been questing to find decent pizza in the area.  Our meal here was mediocre. We were pleased by the option to have the crust well done (my wife had hers done this way, while I stuck with the regular crust), but the taste was just bland and uninteresting -- totally lacking in the sort of flavour punch that makes a really good pizza.  I wasn't going to bother writing a review of the place as pizza is a pretty subjective area, however several months ago I received a spam email from East West -- I must have filled out some comment card or something so, I emailed them and asked them nicely to remove me from their list. They replied, very apologetic, and promised to do so.   For the next several months, despite this guarantee, I continued to receive spam in my email from East West. I emailed them again, this time asking more forcefully to be removed from their list and received no reply - just more spam over the next month or two. Tonight I emailed centurylink, their email host, and reported them for spamming.  East West Pizza - two stars for mediocre pizza that I never feel the need to taste again, minus one star for being spammers.
5 Went there for lunch on a Saturday, with a groupon.  Service was great, and the food was excellent.  I didn't have any pizza, though, so i can't comment on that.  The pizza sliders were fantastic, and we also ordered a hot sandwich and a baked ziti.  Everything was good and flavorful, and I'm 100% Italian, so that's saying something for me.  I'm sorry to see the other reviews, but I know restaurants have off days, different cooks, etc., so things can go either way.  But I'll be back!
5 My family and I eat here many times a week and love the feed, the owners of East West Pizza are two of the nicest people you will ever met. East West Pizza has some of the best food we have ever tasted! We will go no place else for pizza and chicken fingers! Or two daughters even eat and LOVE the calamari, I mean really what 4 and 5 year old screams for calamari when they walk into a place? The owners make you feel like you are king or queen of the world from the time you walk into the place. Oh and you MUST try the homemade cannoils! I have never had one until coming into East West and now I'm HOOKED! I can and do eat them just about every day and when I don't have one I often find myself thinking of getting one! Lol.
4 Went here since the father in law had a free $10 coupon for his birthday they sent him. So we got the $10 pizza! The inside was super clean and the staff friendly. It only took 10 minutes or so for our pizza. And I must say, that little pizza had a lot of flavor. I really need to try out what else they have when I am in town again!
1 I ordered a pie and a Philly sandwich for delivery. Hour and fifteen to arrive food was cold (but that did not bother me) what did was the pizza was tasteless and soggy the sauce taste canned. The sandwich had huge hunks of what looked like hamburger it was disgusting. Cost $30.00 Costco pizza puts this to shame.
5 I was looking for a place I could take my kids with a family atmosphere AND actually taste good.....I need to look no further!  I had their exclusive garlic knot sliders while the kids dressed as chefs and made their own pizzas.....which they devoured.  The garlic knot sliders where super tasty and the full sized pizza looked like what I used to eat in Boston.  We'll be scheduling kids playdates here soon.... They book up fast!
3 With Groupon in hand, we brought a friend for his birthday. We ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza, spicy chicken wings and some sodas. The manager was very accommodating with allowing us to get just about anything we want instead of sticking to the Groupon strictly, although we ended up just getting what was on the Groupon.   Service was fast and friendly. While we were there, a delivery customer came in to complain about her order from a few days prior and the staff handled her in a friendly and upfront manner and she seemed to leave feeling appeased.   Our food was ok. The pizza wasn't anything remarkable, but it was tasty. The wings had good flavor of Frank's Red Hot sauce. The chicken was plump and meaty. The only negative was that a few of the wings were a little undercooked and we avoided eating the ones that were a little pink in the center.   Overall, we had a good dining experience.
2 I've updated to 2 stars.  I've been sick for a week and had to order delivery all week.  I've experienced some of the worst food I've ever eaten!  Such a sad state food is off the strip.  The reason I've updated the stars by adding one, is that I could tell they are trying.  The food was hot and delivered in good time and on a Saturday at 7pm!  The delivery guy was very nice and polite.  The soup was tasty enough - the best I've had delivered all week.  That's not a lot to say, but true.  The pizza was decent.  The chicken parm was good also.  The spaghetti with it was pretty flavorless.  The meat sauce wasn't bad, but lacked seasoning (salt and pepper).  As I said before, they seem to be trying, as this time the food was just a little better.   Flavor....why are people afraid to use all the flavor profiles in their cooking???  It could be so much better.
2 Pizza was ok, but the wings were really undercooked. They had good flavor but once I found more than two wings with pink centers I was done. Service was good, but we heard a customer complaining to staff and it was distracting. They didn't seem to fix her issue either, after all that arguing.
2 Ordered the Sicilian Grandma Pizza last night with pepperoni, it was horrible.  Dough was raw in the middle.  The pepperoni was so sparingly placed on the pizza they might have not bothered. Took a picture of it as it was laughable.   The Chicken wings had very little hot sauce on them, and did I say they had very little hot sauce on them.   The two cannoli was the only saving grace and I am certain they buy those from another place.  The 38 bucks it cost me was not worth it.  I have been here before and it was great, like the Chicago upside down I would walk a mile for that one but this one last night just sucked and on top of it I had a five door off coupon and told the guy on the phone I had it and he still charged my credit card the full amount and the driver showed up with a five dollar bill for the mistake.
4 Finally got to try this place out on Friday night.  Ordered a large pepperoni pizza and some hot chicken fingers.  The place was packed and the staff was very friendly.  The food was also great.  The pizza was just the way I like it and the fingers were awesome.  (I like chicken fingers a certain way, and it's hard to find them like this, so was very impressed with them).  No complaints here and i will be back for sure.
5 I really, really, love this place for pizza. I have to warn you that it is extremely expensive for a neighborhood pizza joint. Two large pizza's are going to cost at least $40.   BUT the selection is wide and the quality is amazing. So far I've had the Hawaiian style, Pepporoni and Eggplant with Feta- OMG amazing! The slices are GI-NORMOUS, a little floppy but not to the point of all the dressings sliding off the slice cuz that really sucks.  I wish I could say that the sauce has amazing flavor but it's mediocre- I think the toppings and combination of meats makes it the best. The service is always fast and friendly and most importantly WARM on arrival.   Truly love this place and pray it never goes away ;)
1 Mistakes made on GLUTEN FREE meal!  We drove from Sunrise Mountain all the way across town because I had heard this restaurant offers not only gf pizza, but appetizers, entrees, soups, bread, and desserts as well.  I ordered the eggplant parmesan with zitis, but the server questioned the bread that was on my plate before she even served it to me, She checked; sure enough it was NOT gluten free. I decided I didn't trust the kitchen staff any more, so I asked her to verify that my pasta was gf, and it sure enough it was NOT gf either.  By this time an agitated man came out and was sorry, but tried to explain that another person recently ordered gf eggplant parmesan, with regular pasta, and I quote..."So I assumed it was only the eggplant that should be gluten free." No. They should always assume otherwise, in my opinion.  He really wanted to cook me another plate, but I explained that I was upset and didn't want it any longer.  He apologized.  Now, I WILL say that my server, (a gal with short dark hair) was a ROCK STAR. Not only was she a great server in general, she caught the mistake of the bread, and I don't blame her for the pasta because she didn't cook the meal and she isn't a mind reader. She saved me by catching their mistake. My husband left a large gratuity.  She also gifted me three gf brownies, and I know she felt very bad about the whole mistake. She got the scope of it.  There was no charge for the meal even though my husband had eaten his soup and entree and we ate the salad, which was not the house salad.  I won't go back, and I feel it is my duty to inform people of my experience, since many of us have Celiac Disease. It was a serious mistake, and my personal opinion is that if restaurants make the conscious choice to serve the gf public, that they NEED to be on top of it. I realize it was an accident, but it was ME, so it is not okay with me. I was devastated because I was looking forward to eating something different for a change.  If you still plan to eat there, be careful.
1 Thought I would give this place another try yesterday. What a bad idea.  Ordered the Chicago pizza delivered. Well it was not cook completely and when you tried to pick it up it was like mush. I called and the cook was just rude and argued with me that he knows the pizza was cook correctly, but it was soggy cause I ordered it with mushrooms.  (He told me the mushrooms released water, like I have never had a mushroom pizza before.  Well he was correct I never had a crappy pizza like that one before).  I drove the entire pizza to their shop and he still wanted to argue with me but thank god the driver told that it was obviously not cooked and to refund my money.  Don't know if the driver was a manager but nice guy.  He left and the cook again started on me about how it was my fault now that the pizza was soggy.  I lived to far away now according to him.  It took like 15 to 20 minutes for him to process the refund on my credit card.  Never will try this place again.  Buyer beware
5 Never disappoints! They take pride In their pizza and it shows! My favorite in Vegas!
1 Under new management. Loved this place before, but now the new owners have ruined it for me.
1 I had this pizza at a friend's and thought it was really good. Then we ordered it from home and they delivered it- again, good. The following time, I drove over since they have a pick up pizza special that was worth the drive over. The person behind the counter who took my order ( a guy in need of a few teeth) was very busy. The problem I have with this place was his attitude- it was poor. The bigger problem I have is how he treated the nice Spanish guy who was trying to help him from the kitchen. The way he snapped at him in front of me was embarrassing and extremely rude- almost dehumanizing. For this, I do not care how flippin' good your pizza is, treating your staff like dirt is a big no-no for me. I will not be going back, there are a lot of pizza places in Las Vegas...believe me...dime a dozen.
4 Ok. So this is another new owner. However the food quality is amazing. I sat and talked to the owner while waiting for my 16" large pizza that is only...wait for it....$10 BUCKS! Screw little Caesars or Dominos or Pizza Hut. I'll buy this pizza every time. Now, again since he's the new owner. His signage is a bit cheesy, bu no worse than I've ever seen in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Seaside & other vacation spots (kinda)... But again...the food is what it's all about!!!  When the last owners left, they seem to jinx there guys & took most of the clientele with them. I'd hate to see the nice humble new guy with actual decent food go under. Because I'm really tired of trying to find a decent pizza place in Sin City... & I'm pretty particular. $10 pizza is amazing!! Especially since it's not some crappy corporate franchised piece of cardboard tasting pile of sh*t! IMHO. LOL. MANGIA MANGIA!
1 Horrible. Never coming back again. Order pasta, 15 minutes later comes and tells me they can't make it. I'm waiting inside the restaurant and they are all just standing around. Another 10 minutes go by and tell me they don't have blue cheese dressing and to choose something else AGAIN. Seriously horrible business, food, and service. Don't waste your time.
1 This place use to be great .....Going down fast . Called to order and was told a twenty five monute wait . So waited about that and left house . When I get in the place empty on a Saturday night no-one at all . So I walk towards the counter and the guy says you ordered a large right - and went to take my money then I noticed another man come out from the back of the restaurant break area which is basically the alley  . Then one guy says Ohh I forgot to tell you about this order . They stare at each other . I said so my order has not been started and they said yes. Well I have no idea what the heck they were doing no one was in the place - no sorry nothing just a dead blank stare . I asked to speak to the manager big surprise he was one of the guys staring .I guess according to them the place was sold recently so we will not be back . fair warning this has become amateur hour .
1 This place used to be really good.  We used to order delivery every Friday night.  I think it may be under new ownership because the service and the food went down hill big time.  I've honestly given them about five chances to get it right.  I know I'm a glutton for punishment for going back several times but I guess I was hoping that the awesomeness would come back.  I guess I need to accept the fact that it's time to move on.  I've gotten horribly misshapen pizza actually folded to fit in the box, undercooked pizza, and the latest was delivered cold!  I also order the sampler appetizer, I've gotten burnt zucchini and Mozzarella where it must have leaked out when they were frying it because all that was left was the hollow breading with nothing inside, my wings were supposed to be hot buffalo but they had no sauce of any kind on them and they forgot my ranch twice.  The fries were undercooked which was strange since everything else was overcooked and they didn't have garlic on them like they used to.  Delivery used to be quick but the last couple of times was over an hour.  A couple of visits ago I called to check on the status of my order and the phone would just ring and ring and then someone would pick up and then hang up on me.  At first I thought it was a mistake so I kept calling and they kept hanging up on me until finally someone spoke to me.  As soon as he answered the phone he didn't even ask who I was which made me suspicious that something was in fact wrong with my order, he said my order was out for delivery but it took about another half hour for them to deliver it.  I can only suspect, but I think they actually forgot my order and were afraid to tell me so when they saw my phone number on the caller ID, they would hang up on me.  Talk about unprofessional, wow!  In any case, I'm mourning the loss of my favorite pizza place.  RIP East West.  I suspect they won't be around much longer.
1 Went in on Tues.(01/28/2014), Not the same people.  Dark, Dirty looking , almost looked closed.  I asked a few questions about  how the pizza was made now with the new owners.  Seemed to have problem with English.  Did not like me asking quesionts.  I walked out. Large guy from back comes out and hollers " we no like you either."  I surely will never go here again.
1 The new owners are trying, but it's just not the same.  Will try again in a few more months.
