4 I go here often to get their sugar free dark chocolate bars.  They are outstanding.  The staff is always very pleasant, and I'm always given a free sample before i leave.  A tip for saving some money - go to Costco and buy the double back of See's Candies gift certificates.  They are are worth about $3 more at See's than what you pay Costco.
4 Small little store filled with tons of yummy-yum goodness!   The place oozes with nostalgia for myself as a kid and from the days of when See's first opened. The black and white decor and uniforms that the gals wear are so darn cute!   There were a few sweets that were reeking of the yumminess that I remember as a kid. What I really liked was the fact that they offer some sugar-free items but at the same time, the selection was very small, limited to peanut brittle and dark chocolate bars.   It's an awesome place for holidays, gifts for people that you don't really know (LOL) or just for some good 'ol chocolate.   **They give out samples, if you're good ;)
5 Blueberries truffles and apple pie in white chocolate. Yummy and consistently perfect.  I was so worried about coming here, to the Vegas location, and leaving with a box of goodies that would melt on the way back to where we were staying. I was so happy when the cashier asked me if she could wrap it in one of those cooler type bags for me. I was like YAY you read my mind. The blueberry truffles, apple pie truffles, walnut squares, and chocolate covered nut varieties are some of my favorite things. I was picking up tons of lil gift things to send to friends and to drop off with family that we have in Vegas. So, when she was able to pack things for me like that, I was so thrilled and bought even more. HAHA. Thanks for all the sugar free suggestions too. That was perfect for my diabetic uncle. No matter which location I go to, there is always something great that happens.  thanks for your great service!!
5 Doesn't get much better than a taste of something sweet from See's. It's nice to be able to fill a box with exactly what you or your sweetie like, instead of having those few in the box that you don't really like. Yumm....
1 Honestly arrived 14 minutes after closing and she wouldn't open door  all the locations in a mall are open til nine
5 Growing up See's was such a tradition at our house. I could hardly wait until my birthday when I knew I would get a box that had half "Mocha" and half "Apricot Bon Bon" and a box of the coffee candies. I love that to this day I can still find the exact same candies. The best part is biting into a piece and having all of the memories flood back.  For St. Patrick's Day each year my Mom would get us an "Irish Potato" to have for dessert that night. As a adult, I still look forward to buying these every year and love sharing them with people. I do eat more then 1 now that I'm all grown up ;)  I love that this location is in the neighborhood! The store is very clean inside and smells like heaven when you walk in. I seem to have the same 2 ladies each time and they are very kind and helpful. Who doesn't love someone who gives you a free sample?!   They sell by the piece or pound. I like the seasonal treats they offer and appreciate that they also sell a lot of it in a bundle for a little bit cheaper then buying a bunch separately.   I noticed a sign on the door that said that had extended hours for the Holidays so call the store first to make sure they are open and chances are they might be open later then you'd expect.   Shop Hours: Mon-Fri 10am - 7pm Sat 10am - 7pm Sun 12pm - 5pm
5 My parents were coming to see us for Christmas and I ran into the See's to pick up a box of chocolates for my stepdad, as he is British and enjoys anything sweet.  For about $17/pound, you can choose the chocolates that go into one of their pretty boxes.  Sure, it's more expensive than a drugstore box of chocolates, but hey, it's Christmas!  The nice guy behind the counter described some of the chocolates to me, such as the mincemeat one (really good!  and no, there's no meat for those of you who were wincing) and gave me several samples.  :)  The shop is clean and bright and anyone I've seen working there has always sported a smile.
5 See's! My hubby knows not to come home on my birthday or valentines without it. I could care less about presents or flowers.. Sees candy is the way to my heart.  Growing up my mother and grandmother would only get that for each other for all holidays and once I tasted that chocolate I knew why.  Not sure if you'll like it? No worries, they allow two samples per visit.   They have seasonal candy (bear paws, etc) and original favorites that never change. You can buy they're pre boxed candy or build your own. They also sell the one pound boxes (20 to 24 pieces) or you can buy the candy piece by piece. It's even cheaper if you buy the gift certificates from Costco.   My personal favorites are milk Bordeaux, dark Bordeaux, scotch mallow, key like truffle, lemon truffle and raspberry creams. There's tons to choose from so good luck!   Beware the lines are out the door durin holidays and the hours are longer as well so be prepared to wait.  Customer service is okay at this one, they're sweet old ladies at wart but during the holidays they can be cranky and impatient but who couldn't :)
5 See's is the best. It's nice they are not just in malls anymore but have stores in strip malls too. I went to the one on Lemon St in OC all the time when I was younger and was thankful I didn't have to go to the mall to get it. This location is in a shopping center and it always smells good when I walk in. Of course there is a cheery lady behind the counter ready to give me a sample of my choice. Sometimes I get a pound and sometimes I just stop in and pick out a few. Peanut butter cups and peanut brittle are my favorite and the different seasonal stuff is nice. Parking is right out front in the lot.
4 I love apple pie and See's apple pie truffles are like an extra sweet version of the pie.  Every once in a while I just have to indulge!
