1 NOOOO!!!  Don't think about it!!!!  Had my windshield replaced by these schmucks. The morons tore up the interior of my car, and damaged a speaker cover.   I had to call them about replacing the cover thrice, they finally did, and then I found out that there was a HUGE air leak in the corner. They never fixed the interior trim.  They sent out the same first idiots to plug the leak, and they ended up breaking a ton of clips for a covering on my car, ruining the windshield wiper covers, and DOUSING my tweeter in water. I called immediately after they left and got harassed by a "manager" because he just had hip surgery (why is this my fault?!) and couldnt come until a week out!  Whatever incentives they offer are not worth the TERRIBLE craftsmanship and poor service.  I am exploring my options with a lawyer, and have reported them to BBB.
5 Fast courteous  service.  Tech arrived on schedule, quickly replaced windshield for a good price.  Thanks for an easy transaction.  My other car's windshield is badly pitted and chipped.  Will have SafePro back to replace it when it finally cracks.  This is Phoenix, it should not be long.
5 They just replaced my Honda Civic windshield and I must say that I am very pleased with their service and quality. The window looks great and the service man was very nice. Will be using again and recommending! Also, I shopped around and they are the lowest price I could find.
5 Everything I needed with the lowest price. Unmatched windshield chip repair service and great warranty. Also very courteous and fast service
5 Great customer service.
5 Call at 9:30am and my windshield was replaced by 2pm! Great customer service. Very professional technician.
5 They were very friendly, showed up on time and worked quickly to get the job done. I was happy with their overall service and will use them again in the future.
5 I had an issue that was dealt with quickly and generously by the owner (Rex) himself. All businesses have challenges and opportunities to do better, but Safepro really is all about customer service and total satisfaction. Thanks Rex and Safepro team.
5 This company is awesome! Bradley the phone salesman was not only professional but personal. Helped me out every step of the way. I thought it was exceptional service when he actually put me in contact with my insurance company and stayed on the line until my claim was complete. No wonder that are rated number one in the sate!!
4 SafePro made my windshield replacement easy and convenient.  Raphael was very accommodating while assisting with the claim process.  It was so easy that my mother decided to get her windshield replaced too!
4 Excellent service, quick replacement, friendly staff!  Work was done professionally and promptly.  I would highly recommend for your windshield repair or replacement!
5 Joseph was a great individual who told me all about Safe Pro and the reputation that this company has. I did my own research and everything he said was accurate and he was personal but professional at the same time. People like Joseph makes me want to, in the future, do business again with Safe Pro and tell all my friends and family what a great company it truly is.
5 I'm always skeptical but this place made replacing my windshield very easy. In fact it was a one call and done situation.  I would recommend this place to anyone who is like me and doesn't have time to mess around. Plus the mobile service was fast! Great place I love shopping local. Go small buisness!!!
5 Anthony was amazing help and he got me scheduled for same day service and the tech that came out, Brennan was amazing and was very fast and helpful!!!  I had no hassle and everything they did was of the utmost professionalism I have seen and dealt with!!!  Highly recommend them to anyone and everyone!!!
5 Tried another local company that was recommend by my vehicle dealership. The mention of OEM glass was going to cost me $500.00 out of pocket. Then tried the popular national company. They showed up with the wrong glass and could not commit on when the correct glass would be available or when they could install it. Called SafePro, within 20 minutes we have approval from my ins. company, OEM glass ordered and replaced on time and exceeded my expectations.
5 Great customer service.  I called several other companies, including the one my insurance company works with, and no one was able to get me an appointment the following day.  Safepro was able to get me scheduled same day.  Anthony was great, he took extra time to place a 3way call with the insurance company to get the claim taken care of.
5 Love this service fast and always flawless work   My glass looks HD
5 Prompt, friendly and professional. Great job!
5 Very quick, punctual, and overall great hassle free service.
4 Really helpful and friendly service.
5 Joe was absolutely fantastic! They called the insurance for me and did pretty much all of the work. My windshield was installed quickly and efficiently. The man that did it was very quick and did such a great job. He even cleaned the inside and outside of the windshield after installation.
5 Anthony Heckens is the absolute best and working with SafePro is easy and highly recommend this company.
5 Had to have my windshield replaced, and SafePro offered a rebate incentive (not sure what you call it) if I went through them. I was skeptical but needed my windshield replaced regardless, so I called and made the appointment. They conferenced in my insurance company, got everything approved over the phone and had the guys come out the following day. They actually called me earlier than my scheduled time and asked if it was okay if they came right then as they finished another job sooner than expected. I appreciated that they called instead of just showing up early. When they got there, they got right to work and were done really quickly, and everything looked clean and brand new. They explained what I needed to know about not washing/blue tape/etc. and everything was done. I asked about my rebate incentive and they said I'd receive it in the mail in 7-10 business days. I thought I'd have to call and it would be a hassle but as promised, I got the check in the mail in less than 2 weeks. The guys were clean cut and friendly and overall it was much easier than I expected.
