5 I visit this DD almost every morning for coffee. There is one employee there in the morning that is just a really nice and friendly human being. I honestly don't know his name but he takes the orders through the drive through and is always very friendly and happy. He also is considerate if I am on the phone and while I understand that is kinds of rude of me, he gets that people work and it happens!  The coffee is the best and worth the price. They also have a punch card where you can get your 8th cup of coffee free. Overall I LOVE this location!
2 The got my order wrong and then blamed me. I got vanilla cream and there was not enough cream in them. I had a chocolate glazed that was good. I ordered and iced coffee drink and the charged me for a medium before even asking me what size I wanted. The coffee drink was awful.
4 There are good, but not the best. I favor the ham & cheese bakery sandwich. It's a deliciously toasted sandwich on a deli roll, has sliced ham, swiss cheese and dijon mustard. I could eat these every day of the week!  When I went this morning, it was if the whole town of Queen Creek was there. The drive through had a line wrapped around the building, the parking lot was full, and the establishment was bursting at the seems with the amount of people in the store.   Service was pretty expeditious and the staff was friendly.
1 Three times in a month and a half that I have tried to get breakfast here...and three times waited ten minutes without moving, only to leave with nothing! All three times the drive thru traffic was wrapped completely around the building so I went in.  All three times the line inside wound around the tables and was backed up to the door. I  got in line and waited...and waited...and waited...and never moved.  Today after waiting ten minutes without moving I caught a glimpse of the front case where the muffins are typically displayed and it was completely empty at 7:15 am.  Josh H's experience of the whole town of Queen Creek being there and the place bursting at the seams is not an isolated one. I will definitely not be wasting my time there again because they obviously have too much to handle as it is!
4 Been here a few times hittin' up the drive thru. I've always had a friendly experience with no troubles. Never been inside though.
2 Came here at 8:15pm, walked in and guy locked door right behind me saying they were closing and their selection was that of a donation bin basically.  I left, I don't need to choose from the crumbs of others.
4 It has a drive thru but very congested parking lot. Was not designed well. Staff usually friendly, especially if you go inside vs. drive through. Been here a few times & haven't had a bad experience, other than parking.
5 The best DD around! I have never had a problem here. Can't get enough of energetic Woody at the drive thru -- he makes the coffee ordering experience amusing. The staff is always pleasant. The coffee is consistently good. Can't beat the deal they have during the summer for 99-cent medium iced coffees. Yum!
