1 I WARN YOU...NEVER GO THERE. I figured Id  get a clean up on my eyebrows before my wedding. I went in there and told the lady not to change my thickness or shape, just to clean up the loose hairs. I went in with Kim Kardashian eyebrows and came out with LITTLE SLIVERS of eyebrows like rosie parez!!!!! she didnt even get the few stray hairs I mentioned, and waxed off half my eyebrow on one side! I didnt notice when I was in there because she used a eyebrow pencil to cover up her mistake, BUT she got crazy with the scissors and my eyebrows look like stubble in some areas. STAY AWAY STAY AWAY STAY AWAY. This woman butchered my eyebrows! I dont know if she even has a beauty licence because NO ONE would mess up their reputation by doing this to me! STAY AWAY!
4 i was looking for a new nail place to get my fill done... I saw this place a few days ago... i did a walk-in this am.. the wait was sort and the girl doin my nails did a great jobs.... i had a few nails that had been previously messed up by last nail tech... Carolina did a great job fixing them... i would go back again... she told me for a walk-in... thursday was best.. thank u...
5 This is the best nail shop in Las Vegas, NV. She was once located in Los Angeles and I had no clue where she was located at in LV just knew she was no longer at the shop in the Valley. I seen a sign when I was passing by and was in dying need of a nail shop since I have been out in LV I could never find a good nail shop. Either they slow and don't have a clue of doing eye lashes and nails or the fast ass hell high ass heck and still poor quality and have nasty attitudes when I ask them to fix things. Well this shop is the total opposite. You have to make a appointment for your lashes but it is worth that extra step and you know she has you booked and time set aside to do your lashes perfectly. She takes her time when she does ur lashes and makes sure she has time blocked off to focus only on ur lashes. The cost is not high at all they start off at $30 but so worth it. I have told her time and time again to up her prices because its worth it. She does not just smack on lashes she does them different each time and the glue she uses does not pull ur lashes out and mines last for at least at the bare min 2 weeks. Her daughter is one of the nail techs and even tho I don't sch she always fits me in and I love the way she does my nails. Her being so young she knows what's in style and will always have ur nails on point with and without designs. When I get my pedicure I go to this lady in there that is fairly young as well she does not try to rush thru the cleaning just to get you out the chair she always take her time and her designs on point to. Everyone is always so friendly, relaxed,  warm, and inviting when I go there. - seen this lady on here comment on here and I don't know what she talking about because I always have the total opposite experience every time I go I have referred a lot of my friends and co workers and they say the same. Trust me and take a chance on this shop you will not be let down. Start with her doing your lashes and trust me you will fall in love.    Ronnie :)
5 Had an appointment at a salon called hair expressions on Craig road and the woman that was to do my hair never showed. After waiting for almost an hour I asked if someone else could help me. NOPE, the girl told me I should try calling HER?   Got in my car drove 2 minutes, saw the sign for Autumn.  Went in got my hair done by a great lady Annette.   Going back soon. Who could say no to the deal they have. Shampoo, cut, style, mani, pedi, AND a facial for what .... 100.00?
4 I was looking for a place to get eyelash extensions because I was not happy with the place I had been going to. A close friend recommended this place so I gave it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised! The previous times I got my lashes done they came out thick and looked like I had done them myself with cheap costume lashes. But I walked out of Autumn with beautiful, natural looking extensions that lasted about a month. The staff was professional and knowledgable. My service was finished in a timely manner and I was completely satisfied with the price.  I returned with my Mom for pedicures and we received the same level of service. The atmosphere of this salon is very friendly and comfortable.   I will be coming back!
