4 This was a very fun time on the Hibachi grill side. The Sea Bass fish I got was one of the best tasting grilled fish I have had in a very long time. This is a very big restaurant with a large bar, formal dining area, sushi bar, and the tepanyaki grills. There are some very talented and fun grill masters, but there appeared to be one or two still trying to figure it all out.   The tepanyaki side is a bit on the expensive side I thought... I believe starting in the $25 area, and going up. What you get is a ton of laughs, food flung at you, all while you watch your food submit into submission by the ninja food masters.   Very fun time with the group we sat with, would go again!
2 Let me first say, the environment was great, the staff was cordial, and the food decent.  I'm giving only 2 stars for, quite frankly, one main reason: the food took a very long time to make.  Our entire dinner took 2 hours and the first hour was waiting for the food.  The place was busy but not filled so quite frankly, there should be no reason for this inconvenience.  I will come here again and give them a second chance because our meals were good and I look forward to having their specially made sushi selection.  It just won't be for a very long time because they need to figure out how to manage the staff first.  We have a sushi place we LOVE (Tomo's) so H's has a lot to live up to.  The Environment.  You can do hibachi, hang at the bar or have a sit down.  The environment is pretty foo-foo and definitely restauarant-y and not some hole-in-a-wall.  Probably a good date place but there were families there, too.  The staff.  They were initially out of menus and hubby and I had to share.  Luckily, the hostess was able to snag another one but that was our first impression.  Not a good one.  Well, our first impression was actually having to wait for almost 10 minutes to be seated when there were obviously plenty of empty tables, just not enough staff.  Our waitress was very apologetic b'c of the long wait and constantly asked us if we needed anything.  I'd rather have that than be ignored but she probably could have toned it down a bit.  Actions speak more than words and for the time we had to wait for our food, they really should have given us a discount instead of just saying "I'm sorry" 20 times.  The food.  We were in the mood for cooked food so we got the Bento A and B - salmon (a) and beef (b).  It came with rice, tempura, shumai, miso soup, and salad.  Mine also came with a california roll and hubby's came with 4 pieces of sushi.  The salad, soup, and main meal all came at the same time because of the backup which really sucked.  The breading on the tempura didn't taste "light" like a tempura should taste (you know what I'm talking about - the difference you get between calling it a tempura or basically just fried shrimp).  The rest of the food was pretty good.  Miso soup tasted lighter than most places which I loved.  I've had better california roll but it does pass muster.  The menu.  There was a pretty good variety of stuff there between hot and sushi.  They had some interesting sushi selections that I'd like to try next time but just didn't feel like having that day.  Our meals came with the basics and hubby commented on the 4 sushi pieces he had with his Bento A meal "It was OK but I have had better."  I didn't try his so I can't comment.  I liked their California roll that came with my dish (but I have had better).  They have descriptions of the various rolls (which most places that cater to Americans do) so that will be helpful in your decision-making.  If you're testing this place out, I would visit when it's not peak hours.  It's definitely worth a shot.  It just wasn't worth the time (i.e. long wait).
2 West Valley's newest sushi restaurant. Truly excited to bring the entire family!   PROS: 1. Good location. Close to home. 2. Nice venue and presentation. 3. Large enough for big celebrations. 4. Special rolls I ordered were well presented and tasty. 5. Good kids menu with appropriate portions. 6. Sake was pricey, but excellent.  CONS: 1. Brought the entire family of 5 (2 adults, 3 children). Asked if they had a happy hour menu and told yes. Sat down and presented with the happy hour menu only to find out that the sushi had to be purchased at the "bar only". Very disappointing!!! Every other restaurant has a happy hour that extends to the main dining area. Was I to move my entire family with kids to the sushi bar area?  2. Ordered two handrolls of spicy scallops topped with tobiko. The first was brought out with what looked like pureed "something", but was reassured it was their version of the scallop handroll. Told the 2nd roll would be brought out shortly due to them running out of scallops. 25 minutes later, the 2nd spicy scallop handroll was delivered with what actually appeared to look like a traditional spicy scallop handroll.   The 1st TASTED like pureed "something". The 2nd actually tasted like a spicy scallop handroll. Unfortunately, both were disappointing!   3. Not competitively priced, compared to their local competition. Nigiri sushi is priced individually at this restaurant. Most others are priced for 2 pieces.    4. I normally spend a minimum of $120-150 including tip for my family of 5 when we're out for sushi. For the quantity and quality at this restaurant, I was not happy to pay the bill.  5. Someone (not a manager) asked how our experience was. Although he denied being a manager, he was more than willing to listen to my constructive criticism. While I appreciated the mindful ear, it still won't change the fact that I'll probably never go there again, nor refer our numerous family friends. There are too many other family friendly options in the area.  6. Extremely slow service. The restaurant wasn't busy, having only been open 1 month. Yet, with all the staff available, it seemed very odd that our service was slow.  In this economy, I am shocked at the overall service and quality received. I definitely would not recommend. There are too many other options in the area.  My review extends to the sushi menu only.  We did not try the teppanyaki grill area.
4 Surprisingly, this was possibly the best sushi experience I've had in the Phoenix area. It was incredibly fresh and just plain tasty! The menu is large and we were glad to be sitting near people who were just receiving their food, because the food looks 1000x better than it is pictured on their menu! The prices are pretty average for a Japanese/sushi house.  We will definitely return. I am excited to sit around the area where they cook in front of you (I've completely blanket on what that is called). Anyway, we really enjoyed our time there and hope to make this our "go-to" sushi place.
4 This is a new Japanese steak house that just opened. I liked the furnishings inside and the tile logo behind the sushi bar was very cool looking. I ordered a medium rare steak and my girl ordered chicken tempura, we both were extremely pleased, steak is how I grade restaurants and my steak was cooked correctly and meat was of good quality with a very nice sake list, so good rating from me.  My girl's tempura was good also cant wait to go back.
4 Went during lunch (This review is only for the sushi and dinning menu/side).  This was an El Paso before, they remodeled the place up pretty nice.  The server was extra super nice and friendly.  We heard her explain the menu for 5-10 mins to a couple of elder ladies over and over again.  Gyoza (pork dumpling) - Was pan fried and VERY GOOD  Sushi & Sashimi is a al carte (1pc per order - prices $1.5 to 3.5)    Octopus, Tuna, and Yellowtail - My husband said they were good  Chicken Tempura Lunch (Includes Miso soup, tempura veggies, and rice) - the light tempura batter was excellent.  When dipped into the tempura sauce, YUM YUM YUM...  Nabe Yaki Udon Lunch (Udon noodles with chicken, veggies, egg, & a shrimp tempura) - The soup base was good, noodles texture was just right, and all the goodies were very good too.    We will need to go back to try the tepanysaki side!!
5 OK, we came back for the tepanysaki side!  WHY did I wait?  It was so much fun, food was great, and the tepanysaki chief was AWESOME!    Had the Gyoza again!  Ordered the chicken and steak.  YUM!  Only one small note:  refills on drinks were slow.
1 Need to sit at the bar to receive happy hour specials. Rolls are small and priced high.  Haven't tried other items on the menu but I won't be going back to this place for sushi.
2 Well...I wouldn't get the dragon lady roll again but the shumai were good, and the rainbow roll was good.  Too many mayo/cream cheese rolls on that menu. Not even busy on a Sunday night with the BCS game in town.  Nice atmosphere.
3 I walked in the first day they opened this location and they were surprised and asked "how did you know we were open?" well they had signs! We sat in the restaurant side, not the grill the first time.  Their sushi rolls are ok. A little small and over priced compared to others in the area. But good nonetheless.  We've also been to the grill side and like this much better to other teppanyaki places in the area, they offer fish and other seafood combos which are awesome. This place is also great for kids, they cater to kid food allergies. This is always a plus in our allergy-friendly book of restaurants.
4 I've been twice already, once at the actual tepanyaki table and another at in the "regular" section of the restaurant.  Both were great!  I had their shrimp tempura on my first trip and it was absolutely yummmmmmmmmy!  It filled me up quickly and left me wishing I had room for more.  I chose to get the clear soup instead of the miso soup for my appetizer and I liked it more since I'm not a fan of tofu.  But both are great and just as good as other soups I've had at places like Benihana's.    When I sat at the hibachi table, I ordered spicy tuna rolls (of course!) and wasn't impressed enough...although it was not the worst I've tasted.  It has a really neat and classy atmosphere and both waitresses and the chef I've had were friendly, fun, and provided great service.  I plan to go back, but I will stick with the uber delicious shrimp tempura instead of perhaps trying some sushi.  Their fried rice is also fairly good as well as compared to Benihana's and waaaaaay better than Ah-So's.
5 I went with a group of 8 and it was a first time for all of us, we loved it! The kids had a blast watching the chef play with food and make flames. The chef was amazing, if you go to the one in Goodyear ask for Poncho he is hilarious.and does a great job at keeping everyone entertained. The chicken and fried rice were delicious and the California rolls were so yummy. Our waiter was good at keeping up on drink. I can't wait to go back!.
5 Good food, good atmosphere too ... Kids love the grill and the the fellas who cook and keep you laughing are great ... I have been there atleast 4 times and plan on returning ... JL
1 Tried this place April 19th. Service was great. Portions not like typical sushi restrurants. Rice in sushi was very dry. Fish not fresh. Service good. Woke up the following morning with food poisioning. I ordered a rainbow roll and seaweed salad. Thinking it was the rainbow roll that caused my illness. It was all I ate all day. Avoid this place for sushi definately not fresh. Contacted manager following day regarding the food poisoning and he was rude and said I definitely didn't get it from their restaurant. I ensured them that I had only eaten there but he got mad and wouldn't listen to me. I wasn't trying to get money back it anything free just wanted to make sure he knew that their fish wasn't fresh. Oh well lesson learned.
2 We came back to the tepanysaki table again, our table side chef Leon was the bomb, and our wait service was wonderful.  Why the 2 stars?  The food was good and tasteful on the tepanysaki but the sushi got someone from our group sick.  He ordered the yellowtail, tuna, and octopus.  He was the only one that got food poisoning and he is the only one that had sushi.  After reading the other 2 reviews, it seems that they have issues with their sushi and raw foods.  That is not good that people are getting sick.
3 This was my second visit. First was when they first opened, so by now I'd think the kinks would be worked out. Not so much! The service was terrible and we waited about 45 minutes for food. It was lunch time, not too crowded but the server kept telling everyone how "slammed" she was. Meanwhile there were plenty of staff standing around. I would think they could lend a hand if she was so "slammed". You couldn't help but hear all the orders that were messed up and wrong food brought to the wrong table. Once we finally got our food, I must say it was really good. I would have given more stars if the service and timing of receiving the food were better. Overall, great food, average to small portions, nice ambiance but avoid if you are on a timed lunch or starving.
2 Hubby and I wanted to go somewhere different and a little special for a well deserved late lunch/early dinner on Saturday.  We talked about craving well prepared meat and that we didn't care how much it cost, so long as it tasted great.  We thought and thought and thought about where to find that out west and then it came to us:  the new Japanese Steakhouse!!!  We were really impressed by the beautiful decor when we walked in.  The service was excellent but the food was not.  The highlight of our meal was the clear soup - perfect in every way.    I ordered chicken, he ordered steak.  45 minutes later (and it was so not busy) out comes two plates with cubes of meat on them.  What??? Really??  And we had inquired about the fried rice and were told it was cooked on the hibachi and was delicious, although our waiter noted as he set down our plates that the fried rice we were being served had been prepared in a wok.  Hmmm - which is it?  The food was not hot.  Not at all.  It was warmish only.  The rice was the worst I've ever eaten.  No amount of soy sauce or ginger sauce could improve it, either.  The chicken was tasty but would have been better if it were hot.  The steak was really tasty but again, served warm, not very appetizing.  The vegetable medley was a very nice mix of zucchini, carrot, onion, broccoli and mushrooms, but served warm and somewhere between raw and cooked it was just not good.  After tipping our sweet little waiter, our total for these two incredibly underwhelming plates of food was right at $50 (no liquor!!).  For that amount I'll buy some fabulous filets at Costco and cook them myself. Probably never going back after reading all the food poisoning reviews.
5 This is my new addiction! Took some friends and family here to celebrate my mom's birthday, it was her first time and she had a blast.   Our first chef Poncho isn't at this location any more which we were disappointed about but ended up having another great chef named Sam. He was funny and the food was great! I tried grilled shrimp for the first time and I am a fan.   Our waitress was awesome! On top of everything, funny and she told us Sam was the head chef and that it was an honor to have him cook our food and that she was so glad we got him, seeing that it was the first time for almost everyone in our group to try a place like this.  We have also had dinner on the patio when it was cooler out and enjoyed it too. I will be eating here often.  Thanks Hayashi for always making my dining experience fun and delicious
1 Holy cow... we had the worst experience here! The one up in Surprise was a million times better!  First of all, we walked in with a party of four on a Friday night and they looked at us like we were crazy. The lovely gal up front asked if we had a reservation, and of course we did not. They weren't very busy at all for a Friday night, but she acted as if they were completely swamped. She informed us that it would be a 20 minute wait like it was the end of the world, but of course to us that seemed very reasonable. I guess we're just used to going to busier restaurants on the weekends?  Anyway, the wait actually took over 45 minutes--definitely more than double her initial guess. Whatever, we were able to grab a few drinks before happy hour was over so we were happy. The bar was actually the busiest part of the restaurant, and their service was fast and friendly. However, the rest of the place definitely took away from our positive initial experience there.  We were finally seated in the normal dining area and had the slowest, most forgetful waiter ever. I also noticed that the Hibachi area of the restaurant had barely anyone in it, so maybe that's why it took so long to get in. Everyone was trying to get into the smaller, normal restaurant section! :P We just wanted a nice regular meal with a regular waiter that night, but unfortunately our experience wasn't so great.  We all asked for waters, and the waiter brought one. Gee, thanks. Communal water? LOL. He also kept forgetting things we'd ask for, so we actually had to ask other waiters/waitresses on THREE separate occasions for things that our waiter didn't bring. We would've reminded him, but he seemed to disappear for long periods of time after forgetting things. He also seemed to know whenever we were complaining about him, because he would show up immediately after. 6th sense for unhappy customers? :)  Now, for the food... I had seafood kabobs, and they were okay. However, two of us had scallops in our meals and they were not cooked correctly. I know it's hard to cook them correctly, but these were just bad. The rest wasn't bad, but nothing great either... especially for the price.  Oh, I think the biggest part that bothered me was the location of the restrooms. It was right next to the kitchen, so it was constantly busy with waiter traffic. This is fine, but the attitude of said traffic was what bothered me. The first time, three waiters almost ran into me on my trip to the restroom. They just looked at me as if I was in the wrong place, and of course I said "excuse me." They didn't say anything... just looked at me and went around. On my second trip to the restroom, three waiters/waitresses were standing in the hallway just talking to one another, blocking the entire walkway. I walked up and stood there, finally saying "Excuse me, I have to get to the restroom." One girl moved to the side a little bit, but the guy standing in the middle had his arms crossed with his elbows sticking way out and didn't even acknowledge me. I had to maneuver around his impertinent elbows in order to fit through the tiny gap the one kind waitress had made for me. Basically, I was thinking "WTF?!"  When we were done eating, after we had paid the bill, we then realized that we had been there for over 3.5 hours. Ridiculous! The service was extremely slow and mostly unfriendly, the food wasn't good for the price we paid, and we just ended up being pissed off in general after leaving. This was our first trip to this Hayashi, but we wanted to try it out after having so many fantastic experience up at the Surprise location. I guess the name is the only thing these 2 locations have in common.
2 You're paying for the ambience and not the sushi.
3 My kids wanted to rate this a 5, but this is the  first Japanese place they have been to.  The waitress was a shrew, and I never rate on service - just food.  Everyone else liked their food but they screwed up mine.
1 I've gone here a couple of times and all times it sucked. I sat at the bar and when I tried to ask them about the sushi on the menu, they weren't sure what was what seeing as how the menu mixes everything and doesn't have whether it's baked or raw. And when I did get my miso soup it tasted awful and was cold. The sushi wasn't even that fresh either. Made me sick.
2 Walked in around 8 on a Saturday and we were immediately seated. Waited about 15 minutes for our drink order and another 20 for our food order. Waitress forgot to put in our appetizer order. Had some mixed drinks from the bar and were awful. The chef finally came, rushed thru the 'show' and making our dinner. Vegetables were under cooked fried rice was thrown on my plate, not put in a bowl and not very tasty. Meat was ok. Got filet mignon and chicken and shrimp. Food overall ok but I would never feel the desire to return.
3 S'okay...  Took my sister here for her birthday.  The interior is very nice and the staff was courteous.  We had three kids with us total and they were patient, as well as quick with drinks and appetizers.  The setting also encourages good family conversation.  The teppanyaki presentation was middling, at best.  Nice guy and all, just used to seeing better skills.  And the older dude working the table across from us seemed to think that just adding more fire = better = big tips.  Instead, he singed his eyebrows and nearly set of the dry fire suppression.  The big knock on this place is the price point.  A tad high.
3 Hostess was ridiculously rude but our server Ashley was super great! Food was decent, spider roll was good. Probably won't go back but worth it to try once.
1 This place is way overpriced for what you get.   Everytime my wife wants to go here I think to myself "another $40 wasted"....      It just isnt that good....
3 Review is for the sushi side only.  The bento boxes are a good option for indecisive people who love to try new things.  The chicken teriyaki is made of breast meat; it was a little thin but juicy nonetheless.  The sauce wasn't too sweet nor salty.  The tempura was light and crispy; the mushroom was my favorite.  The stuffed squid order was interesting and not bad.  The beef and onion appetizer was very oniony and flavorful; a little too sweet for my taste though.  Also, the seafood plate w/ the fried rice side was pretty great.  All in all, I'd come back to try other things.  Other important info: food came out slow, but I was forewarned; ample parking, modern and dark interior, segregated seating areas for sushi and for grilling, prices were fair considering the portions, quality, and atmosphere.
4 This place has the best cucumber martinis!  I'm definitely a fan!
3 I tried the grill side and was pleasantly surprised about the food.  I tried the couple's steak and lobster (~$65, yum!), the chicken and shrimp (~$30, a-ok), soft shell crab appetizer (~$12, yum!), squid salad (~$12, a-ok), rainbow roll (~$12, meh), and caterpillar roll (~$12).  The lobster was HUGE, the steak was almost satisfactory in terms of quality and the way it was prepped and cooked.  The shrimp were HUGE and the portions were more than generous.  The fried rice was a-ok and the veggies were cooked perfectly.  Other important info: service is friendly and a bit scattered, portions are generous, chef was nice and sometimes funny but most of his jokes and moves were canned (VERY SIMILAR TO BENIHANA'S, if you've ever been), and ample parking.
5 Loved it! The service was great so was the food! And the owner was very nice and greeted us and shook our hands when we walked in! That to me is great business ! Sat at the Teppan Grill..yum! For sure I will go back next time I am in town!
5 Best In The West! Ask for the Cowboy Roll. Sit at the bar. Enjoy!
5 great/cheap lunch specials :) beef terriyaki, shrimp and veggie tempura, cali roll + tuna halibut salmon sushi all for $10
3 Customer service was good here and the restaurant is clean, food is average for a sushi place I would say.
4 I am pleased to say that I didn't experience what some reviewers have. That being said, the restaurant is under new management. We were greeted in a timely and pleasant manner and seated right away. Our waitress could not have been better and the food was awesome.
5 Great service all around!!! Not sure if it was the owner or manager but we were greeted with a warm welcome and a handshake as soon as we arrived and seated immediately. Cook was wonderful and great with the children at the table . Food was perfect! At the end of the meal the owner came back and checked on us and how the food was. Great will return!
4 Being a huge Benihana fan, I had to try Hiyashi Japanese Steakhouse while visiting Goodyear. I must say, the greeting and welcoming as we walked in had to be one of the best I have ever experienced. I felt like they knew me here. After the excellent entrance, we were seated by the Hibachi grill. There we sat for about 15 minutes before the talented chef walked in. After a fun and exciting show. I had to check if I still had eyebrows. The guy sure  loved playing with fire. The food was excellent. I had the steak and scallop diner with the fried rice. The service was on point and the drinks constantly flowing. The experience is worth the visit. I am a fan and will return whenever I'm in town again.
3 Hayashi is recently under new management.  The new owner was extremely involved and going from place to place throughout the night.  Our chef was a little on the sloppy side, not something I am used to at a Japanese restaurant. (He wasn't Asian.)  ;)   The food was a little bland, and it wasn't just my food, the wife felt the same way.  The atmosphere was actually quite festive.  We could have done without the loud drum they use for singing happy birthday for everyone.  Since when does EVERY SINGLE restaurant have to sing happy birthday??  And I was a little shocked when the bill came.  It was a little on the high side, even for teppanyaki.  But what drops my rating for this restaurant is that in their efforts to draw in a crowd, they got a DJ that plays music very loudly on Friday and Saturday nights.  Imagine our surprise, leaving a Japanese restaurant and hearing booty music.  I don't know.  I just think it will attract the wrong clientele.  Just my opinion.  There is much to be said for a place that embraces the heritage of the food and not just the food itself.
3 Brought our 5yo son for 1st time He Loved it!  Chef was great w interacting w him.  They do the usual flare w onion volcano, egg tricks, but still always a good time
1 We came here for dinner and had the Shrimp Tempura which was horrible. We sat in the dining section and the atmosphere is very nice but our meal for 18 Dollars was very lacking in quality and flavor!  We told the server and he made no effort to correct the situation so we will not be back!
3 Good stuff with the Mrs.
3 Sushi was good. Had great customer service. Downside there was a hair in the eggrolls. We notified the server and they were quick to offer a refund or give us a whole new order for free. Handled it very friendly.
5 I love this place! We go for happy hour about once a week for date night and I was really impressed with the quality of the sushi (LOVE the vegas roll omg heaven). The drinks are really good and cheap, I loved the mai tai a lot. I was sketched out because I am new to the area and I was not sure they would have good sushi here and was a bit afraid about what I would find, but the staff is always friendly and the manager is so nice he always checks on us at our table and even came out to say goodbye and thank us again for stopping by! So awesome. Thank you!!
2 We love sushi and the option for tepanyaki here. The service was SLOW. We were almost ready to walk out after no one acknowledged us after 10 minutes. Finally we were able to order. We ordered sushi which was meh... And the meat and rice from the chef was okay. The chef was fun and the kids enjoyed the experience but we will not be back.
4 If you get a chance to request a chef for Teppanyaki Romo is the best I've seen! I've been to many of these types of restaurants in my life, and typically don't care much for the show. Romo however ruled, and was an excellent entertainer!   My girlfriend said it was one of the best spicy tuna roll she had eaten, and my meal was delicious as well.  My only gripe (and it's kind of a big one) is my girlfriend had ordered sushi and appetizers as her main meal, but they brought out her food before the chef had arrived. We tired explaining that she wanted to eat dinner with the table, and their solution was to return her food to the kitchen and keep it warm until the chef was finished. That's not really cool. They should've suggested to make a new plate when the table was served.
1 Sushi not so good compared to blu sushi...although teppan was good...blu definitely has best sushi in town
4 Food was great! BIG portions. You must try the Firecracker Roll.
4 Excellent Sushi, great service & amazing happy hour!  The only think I would suggest is gluten free soy sauce so I don't have to bring my own.
2 I got the Las Vegas roll which was fried yet served cold. The wait service was lacking and the sushi itself was average albeit a little scary to eat. Served with pink ginger, which is always a red flag to me.
4 Sake Bomb!!!  Sunday night this place has the best happy "hour."  All night happy "hour!" Average tempanyaki food, but great service and very clean and great for big parties.
3 Probably the best place in Avondale to hang out and put down some sake bombs.   It's honestly not the best sushi in town but with happy hour pretty much everyday and all day you can't complain. The gyoza is always my go to item on the menu.   My service experience here has always been positive. The hibachi is nothing special, all the same tricks and jokes and the food they cook is good.
4 Best happy hour on the west side. My wife and i love this place.  Can't beat domestic draft $1.50 and $4-5 rolls during happy hour. Don't forget $5 sake bomber. This is the place to go if you want to get smashed and eat great food.
2 I am reluctant to post a review after only trying this place once. However, the grill cook gave away my shrimp and that is a no no. At first I noticed him asking a kid next to us "You want to try some shrimp and gave him a few pieces. Then his brother asked for some and he gave him some then the Mom said yumm so, he gave her some. I started thinking maybe they ordered shrimp too, but why would he give them so little. So after we all were served only two of us actually ordered shrimp. Me and my guest! I was gypped on my $22 plate of shrimp that came with less than 10 pieces and I had seen others plates with mounds. I would have liked to sample the Dad's scallops or maybe their chicken or how about the Mom's lobster. Not cool. The food wasn't even flavorful, nothing, not the New York Strip, rice, or veggies. I don't think I would ever go back even though it was a pretty nice show at the teppanyaki grill.
4 Food is good. Service is ok.  Prices are similar to other teppan places, portions are smaller and prices a bit higher. Overall a B+ A- not bad
5 My husband and I and our 2 daughters, age 8 and 16, at here on Valentine's day. We were very impressed! The food was DELISCIOUS and the sevice was suberb! Everyone from our waiter to the cook were very professional and friendly. The cook entertained the kids and made us all laugh. Our glasses were always full. Even at the end, the manager came and shook our hands and asked us how our dinner was. It is a little pricey, but you get a lot of food for the money, and keep in mind that part of what you are paying for is the experience.  They also usually have a coupon available in the Money Mailer. We will definatelt be back!
1 It felt dirty walking in, when they lady say us there was still food on the table next to us which we found to be gross. They took other peoples orders and served them even though we had arrived before them. Food was alright. Don't recommend
1 Are you kidding?  After several good visits to this spot, we walked in on Father's Day around 4:00 and suddenly the "Happy Hour" that is heavily advertised on the outside of the building doesn't apply on a "holiday"????  No sign, no warning except for the bartender having to give us the bad news.  The place was a ghost town - why not just close up for the day??  What is with this place?  The owners are pretty stingy and do not treat customers well at all.  Serving staff has always been nice though.    You might want to rethink this business strategy.  Off to Tomo we went......always a good bet on good sushi.  Don't tip to heavily there though, the owners get most of it but that's another Yelp for another time.
4 Great happy hour! The guy bartender sucks and ignores customers but the girl on Wednesdays is awesome, Michelle. It's a little hole in the wall place with cheap drinks, a long happy hour, and tasty sushi. We go quite often and have discovered the only way to get good service is to either have the nice blonde lady who wears a tie and serves or the bartender Michelle. The other waiters get way too flustered when it isn't even busy. If you're looking for a new spot try this place out! If the decor was not so tacky (and paper taped up to the wall throughout the restaurant??) it'd get 5 stars from me and my husband. We'll be back :)
