1 Do not EVER use this locksmith.  They lie and take advantage of people.  They quoted me $25 then charged me $75.  The entire call took less than 5 minutes.  I actually timed it.  9:58 pm to 10:01 pm.  They take advantage of a person standing alone in the dark... I fully intend to file a complaint with the BBB they were so bad.  In my entire life, I have never had to do so, but with this business, I absolutely feel that I must.  If they had said that they were going to charge me $75 when I asked them over the phone, then it would be my option to call someone else, but to tell me $25, then to triple the amount when they arrive and am standing alone in the dark is a horrible thing to do.... even if the 3 min work had been worth an extra $50.  They also have other phone numbers ... DO NOT call them... Be wary if you see the phone number 800 983-0994, the number  602-633-0200 or the number 480-292-5442
1 First off, the guy didn't listen. I was locked out of my car at the post office, and gave very exact directions from where the driver was coming from. He called me twice before he got there.  He did get there pretty quick. However, when he got there, he went in the wrong way into the parking lot, and then parked right behind me, blocking traffic. There was a parking spot right next to me, but this guy and his big truck seemed to be above it all.  Process took all of 5 minutes. The guy was a complete asshole. Wouldn't make eye contact the whole time, and he barely spoke above a whisper. If you add in his accent, I was barely able to understand him. He sat in the drivers seat of his car and made me wait right outside while he did paperwork. Again, still blocking traffic, as cars barely had enough room to squeeze around him  I never was able to get a quote out of them over the phone. However, they were the third locksmith placed I called, and I was just happy to get someone who was able to come unlock my car.  Do not recommend. I am sure there are much nicer companies out there who don't have assholes working for them.
1 Incident occurred 4/27/12:  DO NOT EVER use this locksmith.  Did a google search for locksmith in Gilbert, AZ.  Atlas Locksmith was one of the first listed.  That's easy, with a name that begins "A".    Without doing any research, shame on me, I called their phone # and a guy by the name of Ron picked up.  I  explained that we had a security door that needed re-keyed and 3 keys made for the door.  Additionally, the deadbolt was sticking out and needed to be recessed.  He told me $25.00 for service call and with all that needed to be done $67.50.    Keep in mind, I did specify that the dead-bolt was sticking out and needed to be recessed in the process.  I told him everything I could about the job and he said, the cost is still $67.50 with my specifications.    Confident that it would be done, I received a call from my property manager that was onsite with one of Ron's locksmiths.  She told me that the onsite locksmith was asking $135.00.  Apparently, "there was more work involved".  If that was the case, then why don't they charge you $25.00 service fee to check out the situation and as soon as they can make an assessment, then call you with a price quote?    Regardless, I felt like it was a SCAM, so I told them no deal, no payment.  I had property manager ask the locksmith to walk away from the home, that his services were no longer needed.    Whenever I feel the squeeze coming on, I say NO DEAL.  Walk away and walk fast.   Thankfully, this was a NON-EMERGENCY call.
1 So I just paid this guy to come over here and pick up my $25  he did nothing to fix my lock.
