1 worst place ever. there is dog poop everywhere. the mail room is always a mess. the management only cares about the next rent check. i couldn't get a hold of the office manager for weeks, til i told her secretary i wasn't paying rent that month. she called me in ten minutes. one of the maintenance guys were really friendly, but all the rest just gave me dirty looks when i would walk by. one time when i was paying rent a customer came in and asked about "free rent" (which the had advertized 20 ft away) and one of the office ladies told him "there's never free rent" very rudely. like he was stupid for asking. which was a lie because i got free rent the month before. every time i had to go to the office the management was so mean. the atmosphere was incredibly tense. i dreaded having to pay rent or picking up packages. every bug you could think of came out of every crack. i'm so glad i no longer live there. and i tell everyone not to go there. the price was even high, cuz the think they r summerlin. they r not!
1 If I could give zero stars, I would. The management in that office completely went to crap about a year ago. Two years, ago when I first signed my lease, my boyfriend and I paid 300 in deposits which we were told were "cleaning deposits" so when we moved out a few months ago, we got a 350 dollar bill for a carpet clean and a wall paint, the paint was in perfect condition and the carpet needed a clean but I thought that my "cleaning deposit" would cover that. So I called the office and she told me that basically the 300 we paid was just to save their asses if we abandoned the apartment and that we would need to pay the 350 dollars. I would call the office in regards to this and she would say she would "try to figure it out" and she would never call back. So now it's in collections because of their lack of management. Also, this place has totally gone to hell, they say it's a "gated community" but the gates are constantly open, even at night. I can't even count how many times I have seen cops in our complex. Right when we were about to move out, this nice little family moved downstairs and not even a week later, their apartment got broken in to. And that's not the first time there has been break ins. This community is not safe AT ALL. Not to mention, it takes WEEKS to get things fixed around there. My garage clicker never worked. My shower knob fell off after a few weeks of living there. The electric stove is HORRIBLE, so hard to cook on. And not to mention that your utilities are combined with everyone else in the community, so while you try to conserve, your neighbor could be using all the water he wants and you will have to pay for it! Overall, DONT waste your money paying rent at this low class, low quality complex. You can find a lot better and SAFER for your money.
1 WARNING: do not live here! 1. Multiple thefts: in the year I lived there there were four thefts in my building alone - including my own vehicle!  The complex itself had countless more! 2. I placed several complaints about my running toilet and it was never fixed 3. Slapped with a Move out bill of $500!  I actually moved out of the apartment 3 months before the term of my lease because I couldn't take living there anymore. When I turned in my keys on the appointed lease move out day, they slapped me with a $500 move out fee. This bill included three extra months of sewage, water and trash bills (even though they included this with every rent bill each month, I now had to pay three more!). They accused me of owning a pet, which I did NOT! (Another $165) and said the place was dirty totaling $500 move out bill. In all my years of renting I have never owed a company anything after moving out! Ever! I always kept the places and looked after them. But to be charged extra sewage/trash three time for no reason! And when I questioned them they were rude and dismissive.   Conclusion: if u want to live in an unsafe, theft infested area, and be charged extra bogus fees and then have the front desk be rude to you when you question them, this is the place for you. But don't be surprised- all those move in incentives will bite you when u move out!
4 Broadstone Flamingo West is really good and we have a great location. The Manager Kristie and Ass;'t Manager Sky are very nice . They are there for the residence and are very good.  Broadstone Flamingo West Location is convenient and easy to get to and in and out of with security, of course.  The Broadstone Flamingo West,  on Sunday, July 12, 2014;  had the  "Flamingo West HIgh Roller Pool Party" to kick off the summer. The party was from  3:00 PM to 7:30PM PST.  And was at the "Broadstone Flamingo  West Club House/Pool."  The Party was just great with nice decorations and  food.   The food, being  from pizza, fried chicken, chicken fried rice and sushi, with various sodas and strawberry lemonade tea. Just phenomenol!  Then came the deserts late in afternoon. Being of  great apple pie, cheese cake, chocolate and peanut cookies.  The pool was great for my wife, Elaine; what a time she had for gettng into the pool's 3 ft. area!  Just was great for Elaine, especially after her two hip replacements. Elaine is looking to move forward to fully swiming again.  I, STEPPss ( Stanley)  had  great  fun, watchng  and helping her, especially since Elaine uses a CANE; and getting all the food and drinks for us.  Again, the Broadstone Flamingo West Party was just great.  They should do another gathering, how about "Labor Day"! Maybe even soonner!  Everybody, it appeared, that was at this party, had fun,  G-d Bless !!  M. Elaine Grant - Tepper Stanley ( STEPPss)  Grant - Tepper  "Residence"
