5 Great guys.  I couldn't afford the repairs (not that it was overpriced...just couldn't afford it) but they still took my car apart and gave me an accurate diagnosis and estimate for free.
2 All Pro does provide a free diagnostic and quote. Which includes the mechanic taking the transmission apart. However, the year warranty the shop provides with the repair is worthless. My check engine light immediately came on after leaving the shop. I took my truck back immediately. I was given a ridiculous excuse and I believe they reset the code. The light came back on the next day and they ran the codes again. I was told the codes were for the knock sensor and O2 sensor. I was told to go to another shop for those repairs. Long story short this shop I was referred to wanted to charge me $1500 to repair the sensors. I didn't pay it. I got another opinion and the second shop found that the electrical lines running along side the transmission appeared to be pinched between some metal. They believed that was the culprit and the sensors did not need replacing. I went back to All Pro as suggested by the second shop and was given excuses and they failed to look at my truck again to resolve the issue. I paid $2500 to have my transmission replaced with All Pro, I thought I could trust them. I was wrong.
1 Apparently these guys hate women. After having my car for three weeks and doing no work on it, I made the mistake of asking when my car would be finished. I was told by Whitey that "they didn't need my business, they had plenty of work."  I was also given less than 24 hrs to get my car off their lot or they would have it impounded. Another $70 out of my pocket. I asked to speak to the owner, who called me back later and left me a message stating " they were sick of me dicking them around and he was giving me the best customer service in the Valley". He claimed i was "dicking him around" because I did not pay in full for repairs BEFORE the car was worked on. They also refused to give me my keys until I paid $60 for having my car towed in. These guys are rude and seriously suprised there in business if what I recieved was there best customer service.
4 I am sorry for all the women who felt wronged because this place treated me like a queen. Needed a engine light checked and they went above and beyond. Definitely recommend.
4 had Trans rebuild put in my 98 Dakota.  Had one issue after fixed, towed back to AllPro.  They fixed w/o additional bill.  Truck running great now, about 10-15K miles into this tranny.  Good rate, I would recommend them
4 I was referred to All Pro by my regular mechanic at Advanced Auto in Chandler, whom I trust completely. I spoke with Jim at All Pro about a hard-shifting problem that had suddenly developed that morning. After taking a detailed history of the car and symptom, he said it was probably not an emergency, but still had me bring my car in there the next business day for a thorough diagnostic, performed by Dale.   Dale determined the transmission was in good shape, just a little low on fluid, and discussed some of the common problems for my make and model -- for me to watch out for. They did not charge me anything for the diagnostic or advice, and were both friendly and professional throughout the experience.  My understanding is they mostly provide transmission services for other repair shops, and the location does not lend itself well to parking (or overnight vehicle storage), and it's not a shop where you can sit around wait for your repair. At all.  I gave four stars only because I haven't actually had any repairs performs there and feel it would be misleading to award a perfect score for a diagnostic only... Otherwise I was completely happy with my experience and would bring my car back there should anything else arise.
