4 Finally, a proper Vietnamese place in Edinburgh!    This small restaurant of only five tables has focussed on some some typical Vietnamese street food staples.    On my visited I we shared a plate if spring rolls which, in true Vietnamese style, were pleasantly crunchy with a minced pork and crab meat filling.    For mains I opted for Pho, the benchmark by which any Vietnamese place will be judged as far as I'm concerned. My partner had the Vietnamese fried rice.    The Pho Bo did not dissapoint. The broth was both tasty and aromatic and the beef tender. I would like to have seen it accompanied with a bigger side plate of herbs and a bottle of chilli sauce left on the table rather than a small dipping sauce size portion. Tailoring Pho to your own personal taste is half the fun.    The fried rice didn't seem any different from any other fried rice dish.    The menu also covered chicken rice porridge, curries, various noodle soups, fish and fried noodle dishes. Certainly enough to make this diner want to make a second visit.    On my visit someone picked up some take-away which is great if you've not been lucky enough to get a table.    All in all it's a great addition to the Edinburgh Asian dining scene. If they get some Vietnamese beer and get rid of the elevator muzak then I'll be a happy man.
4 Finally, a proper Vietnamese place in Edinburgh!  This small restaurant of only five tables has focussed on some some typical Vietnamese street food staples.  On my visited I we shared a plate if spring rolls which, in true Vietnamese style, were pleasantly crunchy with a minced pork and crab meat filling.  For mains I opted for Pho, the benchmark by which any Vietnamese place will be judged as far as I'm concerned. My partner had the Vietnamese fried rice.  The Pho Bo did not dissapoint. The broth was both tasty and aromatic and the beef tender. I would like to have seen it accompanied with a bigger side plate of herbs and a bottle of chilli sauce left on the table rather than a small dipping sauce size portion. Tailoring Pho to your own personal taste is half the fun.  The fried rice didn't seem any different from any other fried rice dish.  The menu also covered chicken rice porridge, curries, various noodle soups, fish and fried noodle dishes. Certainly enough to make this diner want to make a second visit.  On my visit someone picked up some take-away which is great if you've not been lucky enough to get a table.  All in all it's a great addition to the Edinburgh Asian dining scene. If they get some Vietnamese beer and get rid of the elevator muzak then I'll be a happy man.
4 My best advice to you is to get yourself down to Vietnam House now, immediately, before word gets out, it gets busy, prices go up and it moves to a larger premises, which would diminish it's perfect, bijoux charm.  Upon arrival at Vietnam House, we were greeted by the genuine, ebullient welcome of the owner, Jodie. The interior is small, but bright and perfectly formed, with a window booth for seating larger parties and five other tables which seat up to four people, albeit somewhat snugly. As we pored over the menu, struggling to decide which tempting treats to indulge in, Jodie kindly invited us to put our wine in the fridge beside us to stop it getting warm. It was almost like being in a good friend's house and told to make yourself at home!  Eventually we decided on fresh spring rolls, followed by Pho Chay (tofu noodle soup) and Com Ca Kho (braised fish with steamed rice). Our lollipop-style starter arrived perched on skewers, a quirky twist which was in juxtaposition to the quirkless simplicity of the dish itself. The overwhelming freshness of the ingredients sang through, soft rice pancakes wrapped around rice noodles, the pork and shrimp harmonising perfectly with the Vietnamese special peanut sauce - my only criticism being that there was not enough of the sauce, leaving the overall dish lacking punch ever so slightly.  Our light starter was followed without too much delay by our fragrant mains. My companion had been advised that the large soup was quite substantial - no exaggeration by anyone's standards! A sizeable bowl arrived, accompanied by coriander, bean sprouts and other accompaniments, to be added to the hearty soup, according to taste. After some experimentation, it was decided that the (once again) outstandingly fresh tasting soup, which spoke simply yet eloquently of the balanced blend of ingredients used, was best enjoyed with a smattering of sprouts and a clutch of coriander on top.  The braised fish dish arrived in a bowl, accompanied by a smaller bowl of fluffy steamed rice. The large chunk of white fish swam in the snug comfort of the rich red sauce, inviting, fragrant and full of eastern promise. My initial confusion as to how to manage the fluid dish (do I put the rice in the bowl with the fish, if so, how do I eat it with chop sticks?!) gave way to sheer joy at the lightly spiced, full flavour of the dish. The fish was delicate and perfectly cooked, lightly flavoured by the cooking process and excellently accompanied by the sauce. The sole criticism of the simply served dish, is that the unpretentious presentation of the fish on the bone, inevitably involved bones... If you're here on a first date, don't have this dish - picking bones out of your mouth isn't a good look!  Due to pre-wedding diet and time constraints, we decided to forego desserts, so this commentator cannot guide as to the quality of the finish. Next time, I will complete the task! Our bill arrived and I can honestly say that I have rarely been so pleasantly surprised by the inverse proportion of price to quality. The bill for two came in at about £24 including corkage - phenomenal, given that the meal was tasty, fresh, excellently executed and served with the homeliest, warmest and most genuine service I have experienced in Edinburgh for years.  In summary, I repeat - this secret will not be kept for long, so get yourself down to the Vietnam House now, before word gets out.
3 The food was quite nice but the portions were quite small, and by 9:00 pm there were no deserts left, shame as we were all still a bit hungry when we left and we had a starter too. BYOB helped but they do need to put a bit more on the plates.  Staff very nice and location is good but do book as it is small. Kitchen is interesting.
4 On a chilly, drizzly day I headed to Vietnam House for a piping hot, filling bowl of pho. As it is apparently the only Vietnamese restaurant in Edinburgh, the House has a monopoly on the field and as such, sets their prices rather high (I overheard the server mention this to another diner, so clearly I'm not the only one who thinks this). Perhaps I'm spoiled, being from Seattle where pho is plentiful and cheap, but £6 for a small (and quite small indeed) bowl of pho is steep.  Not that the pho itself was bad. It was quite good, served with the requisite bean sprouts, basil leaves and chili sauce. The flavors were spot-on, and the veggies (I had veggie pho with chicken broth, yum) were plentiful. One minor complaint - the veggies and the noodles were chopped quite small, so if you're eating with chopsticks, it's a bit difficult to snare the tiny morsels. Of course, if you're eating with a spoon you'll be just fine. I just wanted bigger, more succulent bites!  The service was great - it's a tiny place with five tables total so there was only one server, and she was friendly and conversational. The space is well-decorated (with the girl's own paintings, I believe) and welcoming, and overall the House is a good option for a warming bowl of soup on a cold Edinburgh day.
4 went for some pho here tonight, and it was super yummy. i thought the price of £6.95 for a large (& very filling) bowl was very reasonable, and it had a decent amount of veggies in it.   The artwork was good, the ambience great, byob an obvious bonus, the girl working was friendly, fast and observant, all in all - very good!   a couple of things that could be improved on - chilli sauce on all the tables in bottles, rather than dipping size portions. some people like their pho extremely spicy! and maybe some more tofu as the amount of that seemed rather meagre.   i will be returning, and recommending!
4 Good quality, very reasonable food. Very much worth a visit. We summed it up: "At a bargain price of £8.30 per head (plus £1.50 extra for Vietnamese coffee) the Pho Vietnam House is a great addition to our luncheon repertoire."
4 While this was my first venture into traditional Vietnamese Pho, and don't have much to compare it with, I was won over by this lovely little place and its extremely tasty dishes that offered great value for money.  This is a tiny restaurant that must only seat about 20 people, and although we didn't have a reservation and they were busy, rovision were made to accommodate us which was great.   The concept of Pho is that its up to you how it tastes, so you are given a bowl of soup noodles (stock, noodles, veg and meat/tofu) along with chilli sauce, fresh lime and beansprouts on this side which you can add as you wish to change the flavour.  On its own it was already a fresh a tasty broth, with well cooked noodles and plenty of veg but the chilli sauce on offer was excellent and really enhanced the flavour.  The novelty of being given the bean sprouts on the side means they retained the crunchiness.   The waitress, and I believe owner, was extremely helpful and friendly and the artwork on the wall (which I also believe was painted by her) was lovely.  The food was very reasonably priced, i would go as far as to say cheap, with a large bowl (which was very large) being under £7 and with the fact it was BYOB with minimal corkage, it was definitely falls into the "cheap eats" category.  I highly recommend this, but would advise to book ahead to avoid disappointment.
4 Having never tried Vietnamese food before now I gotta say this place was top notch! It makes me wish there were a couple more places like this Edinburgh, but I will be going back here for sure!   Don't let the photo on here fool you. It is really rather small, and probably advisable to book, there is only about 5 tables?! When I first saw the menu I was a little disappointed at the lack of choice, but thought I would give it a go anyway!   Fresh vegetable spring rolls. These have got to be the tastiest spring rolls I have had. They were also a bit of a mind f**k...... they are COLD!?!? And they aren't fried!?!?!? And they come served with this kick ass peanut sauce. I was in heaven. Spring rolls that are tasty and healthy!? Give me another 6!  I then had the fried pho noodles with seafood. I was ravenous, and this was delicious. As quickly as you can say 'pho' my plate was clean, and I mean seriously, like full on, every last mouthful....... and someone else's leftovers clean! Prawns, Veg, Noodles, Squid, Chilli Sauce..... a total winner in my books.  Only criticism is the size of the restaurant and the fact that they don't sell booze. You can bring your own so I will remember that for next time! And the service. It was fine, but just fine.
5 I'm going with five, because there's nothing else like it in the city to compare it to.  So it's the best Vietnamese in the city dammit.   Im going to freak people out here, and I'm sorry, but I don't like Pho. I don't like having to pronounce a voiced vowel as unvoiced (I'm talking to you Japanese food).   But I love the rest. Fresh spring rolls in peanut sauce, and fish sauce and American people, this is enough for me to writhe in ecstacy, SRIRACHA SAUCE ON THE MUTHAF**KIN' TABLE! I literally, not figuratively, could have drank the whole bottle.   The service was adorable, and when I asked if I could have something that wasn't on the menu if I pre-ordered it, she was like (paraphrasing), "Pre-order? Why would you need to pre-order? I can make that shit for you right now if you want." And I loved her. Forever and ever until the end of time.   The menu is a little, well, little. But Vietnamese food is a whole lot like Mexican food, you can just sorta ask for stuff served in a different way and tah-dah! different dish.   Get yo' ass down here.
4 Repeat after me: fuh. Yep, fuh. That's how you pronounce "Pho", not "fo". Although I feel like I will still call this place "Fo Vietnam" rather than "Fuh Vietnam" as whenever I have called it "Fuh" most people give me strange looks and I feel like a bit of a pretentious food-snob.  Anyway, now we've cleared that up, it's actually not very relevant as I didn't end up trying the Pho. Instead, squeezed into this pint-sized wee restaurant, with a modest menu to match, I settled on the fried Vietnamese noodles with seafood.  When it arrived I thought there was no way I would finish it. A pretty hefty portion, packed FULL of prawns and squid (although small prawns, rather than the big King ones. I suppose I just expect those nowadays but it shouldn't have disappointed me). Maybe slightly less veg than I'd hoped for, as that was the main reason I chose the noodles over the pho. But ohhhh. Those big thick noodles were, despite being fried, so light. Fried in egg, it looks like, but not greasy or heavy at all.  Flash-forward 10 minutes and they're all gone and I could easily have asked for seconds. So for a big bowl of steaming, egg fried noodles with ample prawns and squid, this is perfect. Chop sticks too, winning. All the food I saw come out also looked very tempting, especially the cold (not fried) spring rolls (bonus points for healthiness).  Throw into the mix a super, SUPER friendly waitress but in a genuine, rather than eager-to-please, way it made for an all-round delightful evening out.  Like I said, it is small. Really small. Chairs need to be shuffled around when people arrive to get past, and when the restaurant was full (which I believe it is most nights) it was loud and anyone with personal space issues might have a wee freak out.  For that reason, book in advance. It was a Tuesday night and folk were getting turned away at the door as it was booked up.  Next time I WILL try the Pho. Unless those noodles get the better of me again. But for hearty, but quite healthy, comfort food in the shape of rice noodles and broth, it's a winner.
5 Was very good. Got the sea food noodles!!!
5 Wow, I did not see that coming!  An immediate new entry into Joey's Top 5 Edinburgh Eats, Pho Vietnam had been on my radar for a while, and the reason my workmates and I chose the venue was because we had pub quiz winnings of a bottle of vodka and a crate of beer to share. But I did not expect the sheer quality of the food on display here.  The first positive sign was that as a BYoB, Pho Vietnam did not have any limits. Many BYoBs tend to apply that rule specifically to wine, but we rocked up with a litre of Smirnoff and they didn't bat an eyelid. No problemo.  The menu is modestly small, offering only two starters, both of which a variation of Spring Roll; the Fresh veggie option served with Peanut Sauce, or the crispier Fried alternative, stuffed (and I do mean stuffed!) with meat and served with sweet chilli sauce. Both were fantastic, large in body and a generous 4 rolls per helping, but the winner (of course) was the meat option.  Next I chose the Braised Pork in Caramel Sauce with boiled rice. A fantastically rich and sweet dish, supernova moreish and so so succulent, with ingredients such as star anise included in the thick sauce.  But Joey being Joey didn't stop there, and I managed to attract a taster of several other dishes around the table. The winning dish of the night was Linda C's Catfish. Absolutely epic course and without doubt my next choice when I go back. Rachel's Chicken with Fried Rice was the best chicken fried rice I've ever had, and Sinead's Chicken Curry looked like a subtle korma, but delivered and amazing punch of heat.  There was no loser in the food stakes. Everything was gorgeous.  The venue is tiny, to the point you need to pass through the middle of the kitchen to get to the toilet. This only makes it a rarity and I hope they do enough business to expand in the same vein as Kampung Ah Lee, there's no reason why they shouldn't because the quality of food here is tough to beat.   Prices are very reasonable considering the quality offered. I only hope they do expand so they can also enhance their menu (the limited space I think must contribute to the limited selection). In the meantime I am happy to go back again and again and work my way through that delectable menu.  Winner winner, chicken dinner!
4 One sip of the pho noodle soup and my eyes were spinning in my head. This stuff is spicy! And minty and savoury and utterly delicious, with lots of noodles and prawns and vegetables to fish out of the fiery depths. Honestly, one bowl and I'm hooked - I have to get back there soon.  The 'fresh' spring rolls are delicious, too, with a chilli/ peanut dip. Yum. Must go back!
4 Tiny restaurants seem to be the new (not so) big thing in Edinburgh these days. This place is so tiny you have to squeeze through the kitchen to get to the loo. So maybe not the best choice if you have any OCD hygiene issues.  The menu is short and simple. They just do a few things, and from what we tasted, they do them extremely well. The soft spring rolls were gorgeous, and the pho had that delectable deceptively simple flavour that gets more complex with each mouthful. Really delicious and fragrant.  They don't serve booze but you can BYOB for £1 per bottle. But it's not really the sort of place to linger over a bottle of wine. Get in, get fed, get out.   I agree with Joe that it would be great if they moved somewhere bigger so they could expand the menu accordingly. I'd love to try some more dishes made with such skill. Unlike Thai and Malaysian, Vietnamese was one SE Asian cuisine that Edinburgh has been short on in recent years, but not anymore. This place is already an institution and is sure to grow from here.
5 My favourite vietnamese restaurant, as good as the food I had in Vietnam!! It is quite small so I always make a reservation to make sure I get a table!
5 Vietnamese Christmas.   In a time honored tradition I will insult the UK tradition of expensive Christmas Dinners that leave you awkwardly sitting next to the one person at work you don't like, eating at a posh, yet not veggie friendly restaurant, drinking Tesco wine that has been upmarked so badly that you're *almost* considering staying sober for this weird, weird mix of people.   So, I present you with the best idea of all time. Pho Vietnam House Vietnamese Christmas Dinner. £1 corkage per person (with an inordinate amount of corks), and including starters that AREN'T ON THE MENU cause we're special MFing guests, ran us each around £15. That's just MONEY.   I won't even TELL YOU about the service. Ok, so I will because that's what this forum is for. It was so spectacular that I was ready - NO DID - give the waitress a hug at the end. She is so awesome and her mom is so awesome (made us Vietnamese Salads!). She remembered my NAME from my big graduation dinner, she remembered that I didn't eat beef, but that I did eat fish, and AS ALWAYS they made me my favorite off the menu item. There was 15 of us and she made sure we all had everything we wanted at every single second.   I just wish I could eat here every single night of my life.
2 Unlike the others who've been, I was rather underwhelmed with my dining experience at "Fuh"... (happy Jenny?!)   Maybe I've been spoilt by exceptional pho elsewhere in my life but I found the all important BROTH here underseasoned and just not the taste sensation I expect when I think of good pho.   The summer rolls had (for me) too much coriander and lettuce and not really enough protein. It just felt like I was eating coriander flavoured lettuce wrapped in rice paper... Not the delightfully light rolls I'm used to where you have the sweetness of carrot with the crunch of the lettuce to compliment either a prawn or pork filling.  Maybe they've upped their game in recent times and I should give them another bash but with the new Little Vietnam just further up the road, it's not looking very likely I shall be returning anytime soon...
4 Chicken Pho, green tea for under!£6. It's small, though not as small as it was pre-expansion and at lunchtime can be a bit chilly,  Service is great and the food fresh and lively. Not licensed so bring your own.
4 OK, so we just moved to Edinburgh and I'm out to review every place that we eat here. As I'm new to this city, I don't yet have a feel for what's to be expected when it comes to price vs. quality, but I'll learn as I go along. Also, since I've spent the last 5 years in Germany, my idea of what constitutes good service is all out of whack. That said...  Yum! This place is small and personality-filled and serves tasty Vietnamese food. I'm already a fan. The vegetarian fried noodles were delicious and filling. Looking forward to trying the spring rolls and pho on future visits.  It's BYOB (something I'm going to have to get used to here), but there's a small liquor shop around the corner so it's easy to grab a bottle of wine while you wait for your order to come. £1.50 corkage fee per person.
1 Was a real letdown... Tried to book, told to come... Staff was quite rude... Left!
2 So excited to see a Vietnamese restaurant in Edinburgh. Had the Goi Cuon (Fresh Spring Rolls) and Pho Bo Tai (Noodle Soup with Raw Beef) -- cause any decent Vietnamese shop has gotta have good Pho, and in Edinburgh, hot soup always goes well with wet weather.  The soup broth was nice, but the beef was tough and noodles chewy. How can you mess that up? So sad...
5 BEST asian food so far in Scotland! I LOVE Vietnamese food! But there seems to be a shortage of it in Scotland! Found this gem searching for dinner places to go for my bday!! It far exceeded my expectations ! DELICIOUS! So yummy! The Pho was fab! I was so full but wanted to drink ALL my broth! My husband got the braised catfish with mushrooms and crispy onions, it sounded good... it tasted AMAZING! like literally I wanted to tell everyone that sat down after us to order it!  I cannot WAIT to go back! and really well prices for the area! Super cute place, little but nice, decorated awesome and had local art work up for sale! really cool stuff!
5 Wow. This place is great. We came here for my wife's birthday, and it was definitely a treat, and a treat that doesn't exactly break the bank.   It was recommended on other reviews that we should phone ahead to book a table. We ate fairly early (6.30ish?) on a Monday, so booking probably wasn't actually necessary, but I'm sure it doesn't hurt.   We had some of the spring rolls which were excellent and came with a really nice sauce. While I was waiting for my main course, I was watching other people's food come out (don't tell my wife I got distracted from our conversation because of food), and each plate I saw only made my mouth water more and more. Finally, my ginger glazed catfish (i think that was what it was called) came and I was thoroughly pleased. Besides tasting amazing, it was served on a bed of coconut rice that I can almost taste as I write this. I kept trying to get that last bit of rice off of my plate with a fork once my chopstick skills eventually failed me.  My wife had some excellent pho, but was a bit jealous of my dish. But judging by everything I saw and/or tasted, I'm assuming it's all tasty and you're not going to be disappointed.   Seriously, you should come here... and why haven't you tried Vietnamese food yet?
4 I had the most amazing soup EVER here last night.  WHO KNEW that veggies and noodles in a magic broth could be so ridiculously filling and incredibly tasty.  I don't even know how or why it was so amazing, it just was, and now I want to eat it all of the time.  In addition to the crazy soup, the surroundings were quite nice and, even for a Monday, the place was busy.    Minus one star because while those of us who ordered the soup raved about its fabulousness, our friend or ordered a different dish reported that it was perfectly edible but cold on the bottom.  I can only assume that the hot food was put in a cold dish, which kind of killed the experience.
5 Love this place! The restaurant is small but the waitstaff treat every customer like a regular, which makes me feel a part of the family. Its a great place to go alone for a bowl of pho (great veg option available), or in a group of friends. The place is BOYB only, so come prepared!
