5 Sadly, I have had the opportunity to use Good Night Pediatrics 3 times in the last month.  I say sadly not because of the care but because this is not where one would like to be, an urgent care.    If you have to go to an urgent care for your children in the middle of the night I cannot say enough good things about these people.  They are pretty quick, MUCH faster than an ER would be, and they have always been helpful.  The woman doctor there, I have never gotten her name, is VERY nice!  She is great at explaining what is wrong without being condescending.  I am sure I will be back again before the winter is over.
5 My wife and I love this place.  I guess that is kind of weird to say, because we are bringing our sick kids when we are here.  This is unique children's urgent care.  They open at 5:00PM and close at 5:00AM.  We are too fond of our current pediatrician.  when we take our kids to the pediatrician we have to make an appointment or go during the "sick time" hours.  Which basically means we have to wait several hours when all the patients with appointments are done.    My wife was hesitant at first when we took our baby but then found out how great the doctors are.  It is easy if you get out of work at 5.  You can go right after and not have to take time off of work.  I recommend this place because the hours of accommodating and the doctors are great!
5 Came here because my son had a pop up temperature of 103.6 after a long day of playing with friends. This place took great care of my son(3 1/2 years old) by making him feel comfortable, and as happy as he could be with that high temp. With each test that was administered, the doctor spoke to my son and let him know everything was going to be okay, and he was going to feel much better after all those "mean" germs were gone. Great place and very happy and confident to have my son visit there again (which is hopefully not a lot, but i'm being optimistic).
5 What can I say, this place tops them all. If you are looking for a place to take your son or daughter, look no further. I took my baby there on Christmas Eve and the doctor on duty checked my baby girl thoroughly and found that she had pneumonia. Quickly provided her with the care that she needed and then some! Since she knew that some places would be closed, she gave us free nebulizer vials for her nebulizer machine that she got while we where at the urgent care. My daughter is doing much better now and I am so happy that I found this place. I highly recommend this place.
1 Doesn't this place know the medical office is only as good as it's front office. How can you charge someone a $ 40 copay if the insurance plan doesn't have a copay even though you accept the insurance plan. That's fraud, waste and abuse.
4 Being first time parents my husband and I take everything seriously and got peace of mind we took him to this after hours clinic. Full marks for cleanliness; the place was spotless. The nurse who did intake was very kind and gentle with the baby and for the first time in weeks he did not cry taking temperature:) the doctor we met was fantastic and very knowledgeable. I actually was considering making her my son's primary care physician. She thoroughly checked him and we were happy to know if was needless worry and all is well!! The only downside is that they charge $40 copay irrespective but that's understandable since its an all night clinic. We were told that they have a lab with X-rays on site in case needed. Removing one star only causes we had to wait after intake got 1.5 hours...  Hope we don't have to return often though but it's good to know that care is available 24/7.
2 We (me & sis) had to come in with my 15 month old son who was down with 103.4F  fever on Friday night. It was about 10:45 pm when we arrived. There were no one in the waiting room so we were thinking this is is going to be fast. In the room, they had G.I. Joe on tv that was really loud. Firstly my son was cranky and cried due to the new surroundings. We had to ask the guy who was in the front office to turn the volume down a little. He was not happy with the request but did it anyway. He was also typing really hard on his keyboard. I do not know whether that is intentional. So after all the paperwork, we waited for the doc. I didn't mind the $40 Co-pay here. I was upset about the Customer Service rendered to us by them. After an hour plus waiting, no one checked on us or even apologized for the wait. We had to ask someone when we will get baby checked. Finally at 12mn, we saw the Dr. My baby was not diagnosed with any infection. Per Doc, probably virus. They gave my baby Motrin and another stuff for his tummy.  My baby's fine now. No other signs of virus or infections. I am glad abt that.   I am giving it 2stars because this place was clean and near my home. I do not think I will be back at this office.
4 My daughter was almost 3 months old when we brought her here. I really enjoyed the fact that they're open 5pm to 5am 7 days a week. My husband and I work 8-5 and since most doctors office are also only opened those times M-F as well so that was really nice.   The doctor and the nurses were amazing I wish i remembered their names, checked on us when we were waiting to make sure the antibiotics wasn't going to give my baby an allergic reaction, we had to go three days in a row. Cost a good amount even after insurance paid and having to go three days in a row.  So next time we will just bring her to SW Medical Associates.  When the nurse tried to draw blood from my baby she tried so many times to find a vein and couldn't get enough blood. I did NOT like the fact that they kept trying and even after seeing me break down crying because my baby was screaming bloody murder they kept on going. They offered for me to leave the room but i refused because I can't leave my baby crying like that! (My husband and I are first-time parents so we freak out over everything).
5 Me and my wife love that they are open late rather then goin to the ER. Their staff can be a little sarcastic but they treat the our kids with care. The doctor has been helpful along with the nurse. We've visited this location 3x and never had any issues.
5 I love this place. There time is prefect for parents that have a 9 to 5 job. Fast service as well, rather be here then umc urgent care & e.r. & doctor miller u are awesome thank you for taking good care of my daughters elbow!
1 My son happened to get sick on a Friday night. I am a nurse so I assessed my child and reported my findings to the medical office assistant. The doctor on that night repeated my findings back to me. The end. What? Nothing, no labs, no meds, nothing. I was told to basically wait it out. I left worried sick, having to wait until Monday morning to see our regular pedi. On Monday our pediatrician was horrified that nothing was done. My son needed an aggressive antibiotic treatment that should have been started that day, even prophyllactically as his condition ended up being time sensitive. Then they bill our insurance for a crazy amount. Honestly folks, you're better off taking your kid to the ER, at least they'll get real care there and you'll probably wait less too. I'm disgusted that they charged such a hefty amount for nothing.
4 We've been here twice so far. It has been a decent experience each time. Everyone has been pleasant, professional & kind. The place seems clean. The only suggestion I have is for the staff members to introduce themselves & state their title when they come into the room. My 1st choice is our regular pediatrician, but this is not a bad option for when they are closed.
1 I've visited this place with my child twice.  First time was okay. Wait was long,  but Dr Lisa Miller was nice and explained everything to us. Second visit.. Not so much. Wait was still long,  but it's expected.  Second doctor,  didn't get HIS name.. Was condescending and he just looked overall annoyed that he has to be there. They told me that my sons Tylenol dosage is 7.5 ml while my regular pediatrician and the Tylenol bottle says that his weight is 5 ml only..  So I asked him why it was conflicting. He proceeded to write down mathematics formulas on a piece of paper while saying it out loud sarcastically of why he's correct and the other info is wrong.  Then after he left without explaining anything to me about my child's illness..  I asked the nurse if I can ask him a couple more questions. He comes back in with an annoyed look on his face and told me to hurry because he has eleven patients and he doesn't have time.  Wow assh***.  Seriously,  the idea of this clinic is awesome.  But really...  Get more sympathetic doctors. Not McDouches.
1 Good Night Pediatrics, off Green Valley Parkway.  I should of reviewed the most recent yelp postings but my pediatrician raves about going to this facility over the 24 hour urgent care at Southwest.  Well I followed my doctors directions and was completely shocked at how condescending a pediatric medical professional team member could be in a facility that specializes for children.  I arrived at their facility at 4:35 am and honestly was not expected to be seen because I know they close at 5:00 am.  The medical assistant mentioned their closing but indicated they would still accept us.  She was very nice and patient with us and understood that we traveled far from the NW in the middle of the night to this facility recommend by our doctor.  During the triage assessment she said that the dosage for the Motrin I was giving him was not correct from the packaging, which could be a reason why his fever keeps spiking up.  I said okay, the last time he was sick was last year so I might have been given some information about that but just purchased a new package of meds and followed the directions.  Then when we went into the room, she said to me, she had told me she needed to wake the doctor and he would be right in.  Well the first thing this physician said was you only have 8 mins until I leave.  Then proceed to ask me a literally 20 questions that were all no until he said why are you here. When I went to state my son had been running a fever, he immediate took out a sheet and said in a condensing voice your giving him the wrong dosage he should have 3x more of what the package says.  I replied back okay that is fine and dandy well increase the dosage however is this viral or bacteria, then right when I said this to him he said take his shirt off I will be back (ignoring my question and not stating what will be next).  Then the doctor came back (now he was gone for 5 mins) and proceed to assess my son, by checking his breathing, lungs, ears, and throat.  He said he needed to do a culture for his throat and called his assistant to come into the room to do it.  When he opened the door to call her again he stood at the door and said in a disgusted manner that it takes 8 mins for the results and walked away.  After 8 mins was up he said it came back negative and I said then it must be viral at that time he basically gave me the most evillest look ever.  Then proceed to lecture me about time and how the medical assistance "bosses" won't like the fact that she has 15 mins of overtime, that I should of came earlier, and that he has been "on" for the past 48 hours (this is the condensed version of him going on for 5 mins about us arriving their before closing).  I told him, there won't be a next time, smiled and was walking away and then he proceed to talk about how he gives the dosage of medicine to his own son and that it is more helpful then what is on the package.  I know some doctors an be very patronizing to patients but never experienced this in a pediatrician environment (granted I have had the same pediatrician for 15 years with my children) and then to have the doctor turn around and attempt to have a conversation as your walking away is so irrational.  First, you want us to leave and then when its not pertaining to treatment you expect a conversation. Nerveless, be cautious when using this facility as it is exaggerated in how it caters to families.  I would of much preferred to be turned away with a policy of the last patient must be checked in by 4:30 am then to be treated as being inferior.  At the request to list all aspects of condescending actions during this visit here they are in addition to the above: *doctor snapping fingers at me while he is talking to invoke a quicker response *doctor not allowing me to speak until he asks a question *doctor stating to me that he has been up for 48 hours which is not true since the assisted said she needed to wake him up *doctor stating to me not to come that late to their facility next time *doctor demonstrating an annoyed disposition during visit
