1 Take a bow (was he the Gardner? or did they just call him that?)... you make me wana YELP.   The world of Yelp has you to thank for my relentless need to speak my mind actually hitting the computer screen.  May I add, for every bad review I will counter balance with a good review.  It's was an amazing day visiting with my BF Mrs. Bunny Brown.. the Vegas air was just right and my mouth recently quenched with Jager, was not too dry.  The mood was right until my run-in with the Manager of Applebee's.  The state of California requires you to surrender your old license (meaning they stamp it) and give you a DMV certificate.  Going on age 36, I did not think twice to show my Nevada license not expiring till Nov 2011 and an official paper from California legally stating my age, ssn, address, everything a stable business could want.... just for a simple shot of Jager on my nail outing with the best friend from high school.  I believe as a good manager he studied all of my documents and could have easily been proven as a just decision maker in court, had he obliged, but chose to be an arrow in our ass and deny our one drink wonder.  Not to say he was wrong, according to his protocol, but come on... Vegas is all about the service right?  Just another prick wanting to stab harsh reality in another girl's fun fantasy, I thought I had outgrown the ID phase.  I'm sorry for his unhappiness and for my wanting to say my peace.
4 Let me start off by saying that I take pride in the fact that I don't usually burden other people with my children. They are typically well mannered children, the older one (who knows how to talk) always says "please" and "thank you" and my younger son (1 years old) on average hardly makes any noise because he's too busy stuffing his face.   However, any child can have a bad day.  My younger son was sleeping when my mother in law decided to take us to Applebees after a day of shopping. When he woke up in Applebee's he was clearly taken by surprise. He wailed loudly, and the waitress came over. She had already gotten us settled with drinks and we had placed our food order. No backing out now. "Do you want some warm water for a bottle?" she inquired politely. We thanked her and she went to grab some water.   Meanwhile, my older son who was drawing quietly on his kids menu got a little overzealous and knocked his soda everywhere. When the waitress returned she didn't look the least bit annoyed and went to fetch a towel, smiling and talking to the kids all the while. At this point I was uber embarassed and ready to high tail it out of there, but she made me feel much more at ease. She chatted with us about her three boys and told us stories about back when they were in diapers. The food came out quickly, I ordered the Won Ton Tacos (usually an appetizer) as an entree and it was great.   Applebee's is family friendly. From food to atmosphere they're a great option for when you can't get away from the kiddos. Although you can get much higher quality food somewhere else, I don't think I would overlook them any time I want to take my kids with me. They have Weight Watchers endorsed food too - and it's tasty!
3 The food is usually pretty decent.  Last time I was there, the waitress accidentally double charged us for drinks, then took off $4 from the bill.  Except that it was not how much two drinks were, or the fact that we got charged tax on the entire bill prior to the "discount."  Don't be lame, just fix the bill right, so we don't have to have a conversation about it.  (Instead of complaining, I only tipped 15%, when I am normally a 20% tipper.)
1 It's Applebee's and they don't dissapoint.  Every few years I forget how horrific this chain is and step into one.  After eating here I feel my soul being pulled out of my body and all that is happy and good in the world go away and I need a nap.  How they can consistently have food that is tasteles, seasonless, and devoid of any characterisitcs of actual meat products is beyond comprehension.  Only if you're starving....even then think twice.
3 Nothing outstanding to report. Seemed to be the same as most other Applebee's around town.
3 So after a night of drinking at the Fiesta, we decided to come here to grub on some late night munchies.  Our server's name was Adam and we decided to get the pick two for $24.  I know it's usually $20, but we chose the items that they charged an extra $2 each for.    We started with the Spinach and Artichoke dip which is always a good time.  Very creamy and very hot, served with a lime salsa and homemade tortilla chips. We then ordered Caesar salads on the side.  Seriously could have been our meal, it was huge.  Now the reason why our meal was a little more than $20 was the fact that my friend got a blackened steak pasta and I got the Crunchy shrimp.  My shrimp was crispy and served with a slaw, cocktail sauce and fries.  I was surprised by the amount of shrimp that came on the plate.  I don't often come here because there are so many other options in this town and I personally feel that places like Applebees, or Chilis is super blase.  I think the fact that I was drunk really helped the taste of the food as well as the experience.  LOL.    Thanks, Applebees for fulfilling my drunken hunger.
3 Nothing off the charts but not bad for a simple lunch or dinner or to meet up with some friends.
1 Poor service on a Sunday. Very slow. Many dirty tables. Wet table when seated. Poor response from waitress. Manager is disorganized. Steak overcooked. Juice for kids is in a box. Definitely headed in the wrong direction from the last time I was here. Never again!
5 Lunch is fast and fresh and Kim @ the bar is the best...she must be, always filled with regular customers...
3 Music much too loud! We were seated near the bar area and it was difficult to chat over the high music volume. Food was delish, but soup was not as hot as it should have been. I think it was sitting on their shelf for a while before it was picked up by the server to bring to our table. Wonton Tacos were really good, though! I will order this again next time, for sure!
1 First I haven't been to Applebee's for some time . Now I remember why. When we walked in it was pretty busy and loud. I asked to sit at a booth. The host n hostess looked around said said it would be 5 minutes or so. So I scanned the room and there are 3 open and clean booths. So I asked if they're saving those for good customers or what? Obviously challenging yhe powers of Applebees staff can be dangerous but now I'm feelin like " Game on "  let's dance . So they immediately seat me and are pissed so I started taking pictures of everything including them to send to corporate.  Ok server was a rookie and tried hard but obviously new. We ordered and drinks and food came out pretty quick. But then a girl comes over and started sweeping in front of my table. Like restaurant sin 101. Food was presented nice and they have a really wide menu. The taste was better than expected for the won ton tacos and boneless buffalo wings. Tasty sauces for Applebee's.  The rating is for overall experience as there was some surprising high spots and more low spots. Ciao
1 If I could give a 1/2 of a star I would. The service is TERRIBLE! We were first sat where it was freezing and the waiter was very unprofessional & made it uncomfortable with stupid little remarks. We then moved to the bar area because that the only place you can get the happy hour appetizers, which isn't unheard of but would have been nice if the waiter promoted what they have. After ordering our main course (I got shrimp) and as the food came out they told me they were out of cocktail sauce. I then waited 30 minutes for extra lemon (which I never got because no one checked on us after the first time again). This was by far the WORST experience I've ever had anywhere. Never again. Save your money.
2 Some things sound good at first. Like slamming a slurpee on a hot day to cool off, or visiting Applebees. But after slamming the slurpee you get a condition known as brain freeze, after visiting Applebees you get a serious case of remorse.   A long time ago this Kansas City export expanded like mad across the country. The food was meh, the drinks were ho-hum, but for some small towns when they got their first Applebee's it was a sign they had truly arrived. All of that is nice but today's Applebee's is just not all that. Take this Green Valley location which sports a dated building that really needs a top to bottom date with a cleaning crew. Let's look closer at the menu which only has a few classic items. The rest of it is filled with experimental stuff, the type of menu items that screams we know how bad we suck, we're going to toss all this stuff on the menu and see if anyone is curious enough to try it more than once.   I got sucked in here when someone got stuck in a nostalgic flashback and thought coming here was a good idea. And hey, if they're footing the bill I'll take a trip down nostalgia lane every once in a while. The key words there is once in a while. Some memories are best left in the past, and eating at Applebees is one of them.   If you're hungry and are reading this on your mobile device in the parking lot debating where to go, you're really not looking hard enough. You have lots of good options within 3-4 stoplights of you. Even a Big Mac at the McDonalds across the parking lot would leave your stomach and wallet a lot more satisfied than enduring the Applebee's experimental menu experience.   2 Stars: Only because the servers work hard and don't deserve a 1 star review.
1 Just look at the other terrible reviews and you will understand. Like the others, if I could give a 1/2 a star or no star, I would have. This restaurant needs to call it quits. It took them an hour and a half to get us a salad and boneless wings. The manager and staff are rude and never apologized for continuous mistakes from the beginning to the end of the meal. Someone tell those waiters their memory isn't as good as they believe. Get a freaking pad of paper and write it down!! You aren't impressing anyone! (lol)  I will never go back and have been telling everyone else the same. End of Rant.
3 I'm sure we've all been to an Applebee's somewhere across the country.  Yes it's a chain but I still enjoy a meal here.    The hubs and I split the Brew Pub Pretzels and cheese to start.  Great garlic flavor with not too much salt.  The cheese was creamy and covered the pretzels delightfully!   We also split the Clubhouse Grill Sandwich.  It's filled with ham, turkey, cheese, bacon and the rest of the fixins.  It was good! Maybe the toasted bread was a bit over-buttered so my hands were all shiny after eating it.  Oh well.  Id probably get it again if I were splitting it with someone.  Otherwise it is a bit much for me to eat.    Service- the waitress was great.  She was also tending the bar but she did her best at keeping our drinks filled.  We were just baffled by the time it took for the food to come out.  Did we order three steaks well done? No.   So my three stars is how I feel.  Just a -ok.
1 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Thursday/10:00pm  I brought my family to this establishment for some "good" american food. hostess was nice and sat us. Elizabeth our server took 5 mins to acknowledge us. placed our order: mango ice tea, (2)peach sangria, spinach dip, won ton tacos, cedar salmon and full rack of ribs. My fiancé got her sangria but I never received my mango ice tea (strike 1). We asked for more napkins and that took her 10 mins. (Strike 2). for dessert, I actually requested if I can have a root beer float even if it wasn't in the menu and she obliged. Unfortunately, as I was enjoying my float I chewed on leftover salad leaf and chicken!!! (Strike 3).They didn't wash the glasses, utensils and dishes properly. I was so disgusted!!! I wasn't going to say anything and be whatever it happens. So Elizabeth gave us the bill and that's when our patience ran out. she charged us for mango tea that she never got me. She put in a glass of Cabernet and burger sliders which we never ordered. The wonton tacos and spin dip was suppose to be half off and they weren't. That's when I told her I appreciate that she made me the root beer float but I was very disgusted of what I found and had put in my mouth. I even showed her and nothing really happened. Manager didn't bother on coming out to apologize and make things right. they didn't offer anything to fix the situation. So we said f*** it and just fix the bill. We told her but it took her 3x to get it right. Like really?? You fed me dishwasher leftover chicken salad,  neglected bringing us the essentials, forgot my drink and messed up my bill. We were so irritated. Gave us our change without the receipt so we asked for our receipt and they gave us a hard time with that! I work in the industry and I know shady tactics so we demanded for the receipt. (Strike OUT FOR LIFE!)   FYI, We were actually enjoying ourselves and looked pass the forgotten drink and slow neglecting service but it all went to hell after dessert. Yuck! NEVER AGAIN!   I know it's not entirely our servers fault and this place failed as a restaurant. I blame the manager that night. I never saw the manager step out the restaurant. She only went out to override the computers but never checked on floor/tables and customers. The situation could've been turned around. poor management equals poor service and poor work ethic through out the establishment. This restaurant is a disgrace.
1 Can I give this place a -5!!!???? Seriously .. Nothing disgusts me more than cleanliness of a restaurant!!!!! Thursday - 10pm : We never really eat here, we figured it was the closest and American food sounded good at the time.  Hostess greeted us and sat us promptly. Our server, Elizabeth G, took about 5 mins to greet us and get our drink orders. To start with we ordered White Peach Sangria, Iced Tea, Spinach Dip, and Wonton Tacos (took advantage of their happy hour). Then for main courses I ordered the Cedar Salmon and Full Rack of Ribs for him, replaced with Onion Rings with side of ranch. Fiancé never received his Iced Tea. She offered to bring us more napkins, 20 mins later, no napkins. Water were never refilled unless we asked. Few red flags from the beginning.  We were actually enjoying our meals... and for dessert, fiancé had asked for a root beer float. Which wasn't on the menu, but we thought wouldn't hurt to ask because they had rootbeer and they had ice cream. She said she can do it.  She came out with the rootbeer and bill. She said she didn't charge us for the rootbeer..  We looked over the bill and I went from "ok" to impatient. We got charged the tea we never got, a glass of Cabernet, burger sliders AND their happy hour prices were not applied on our bill. Took her 10-15 mins before coming back to our table and by that time he was close to finishing the root beer float... Here's where it gets disgusting ..  We found a piece of leaf/salad and a piece of washed up chicken!!   Better believe she was told of what we found and what she needs to correct. Came back with the "corrected bill" AND that was STILL wrong!!!! Took her 3 tries to correct our bill... So called "manager" on shift did not once bother going to our table! Apologizing on her behalf, offer to pay for the disgusting rootbeer, comp anything, kiss our asses ---anything really to help fix the situation! We saw her multiple of times to override the server's mistakes.. We did NOT see her on the floor, doing what any manager should be doing-- checking what the hell is going on in your restaurant.  You would think with all the overrides she had to do she'd have the audacity to come over apologize for anything!!   We were even given a hard time for wanting our receipt when leaving... THE RECEIPT!  Henderson Applebee's PLEASE GIVE RECOGNITION FOR YOUR MISTAKES!!!   I WILL NEVER AGAIN TAKE ANYONE, ESPECIALLY MY FAMILY, HERE!!!  IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A FILTHY, POORLY MANAGED RESTAURANT.. THIS IS THE WINNER!
3 Ive been to this location several times, but this is my first review of it.  I don't know what Applebee's is doing, but it seems like everytime I go there, the one thing I really liked the last visit is no longer on the menu.  I ended up ordering a 9oz steak with garlic mashed potatoes and veggies.  Food was pretty good, but nothing amazing.  Steak was cooked pretty much how I ordered it, and mashed potatoes were really good.  I only like the brocoli part of the veggies and wish I would have ordered only brocoli.  Our server was very friendly, but there were several times mostly towards the end of the night where he just didn't come around.  We waited for much too long with my Credit card out waiting to pay, and didn't see him come by to collect.  I also never got offered a refill on my drink.  Even though I had a special drink (frozen limeade), when I run out I think the server should at least ask if I want anything else to drink.  My wife and son enjoyed there food also.  Basically the food is good and I would come back, but it's nothing too special, the service can be slow at times, and the prices aren't great for what you get either.
5 I'm not a fan of many chain restaurants but on a busy workday  I look forward to visiting Applebee's for one reason only.... Their daily bartender Kim C. Though I don't drink alcohol, I can always count on her to already have my Iced tea sitting on the bar for me by the time I sit down, she knows exactly what I'm going to order or at least have some great suggestions! She has such a fun personality, no matter how my day is going I can always count on her for a great laugh!
4 Not really blown away service was alright bit I also don't have anything to complain about  there meals are pretty good and they recently updated their menu.
