1 Had lunch delivered to the office today.  It was a half-hour late.  The meatball sub was decent but squished. The $5 cookie was blackened and burnt.  I'm embarrassed for them.
1 For good Italian food, DO NOT go here!  The food is very greasy, under seasoned and sometimes even cold.  Yuck!  Service was so/so, price was OK I guess considering we didn't like anything we got.  And to top it all off my husband got sick to his stomach for 2 days after we ate there.
2 Well I am not a huge fan of Streets of New York but this experience was just horrible.  I was with some friends after hiking and went to Streets of New York to grab a bite to eat as none of us had dinner before the hike.  We ordered wings and pizza to all share as none of us had huge appetites after hiking.  First our drinks took way too long to get and then refills were almost so bad I was going to go refill them myself.  The food was very sub par for Streets Of New York.  I don't think I will be back to this location and I am not the only one as a Friday night it was pretty empty.
5 I had a "giant" New York combo slice.  The food tasted great, however was not as large as the name implied. I did not mind the price so much, but had it not implied a larger size I would have ordered more. I am not a big eater, but I recommended two slices if you there too eat lunch.  The service was fast and friendly.
1 This SONY is a neighborhood spot for me.  I've been a customer on and off for over 20 years and I am sorry to have to write such a poor review, but given my latest experience, I can no longer overlook the bad.  But first, let's talk about the good!  Cheesy garlic bread - yum!.  Baked wings in a variety of flavors - yum!  Delicious sandwiches - especially the number 7 "Best of Everything" and finally the pizza - it's really good - not Grimaldi's good, but the dough is just thick enough, chewy and the sauce is just enough, not too dry and not too much, the toppings are always good.  Now for the bad.  The food here is definitely 4-star.  Unfortunately, the service is so bad that it takes so much away from the experience, and I am personally disappointed.  I'm not referring to a single event, although my latest experience would certainly deserve a much more negative rant, but I am referring to consistent bad customer service.  my advice - the food is good.  Dining in is good.  Eat in and you will be pleased.  Delivery or ordering by phone is a huge mistake.  I've never had good delivery service from here, so I stopped ordering for delivery and picked up myself.  This most recent time I ordered online, they charged me for the online purchase, and when I arrived, the store notified me they did not get my order.  I had to re-order it and pay, again.  I got lots of excuses as to why things got screwed up, but very little concern for me.  Everybody seemed way more concerned that their computer system was screwed up.  Honestly, it was almost comical-if I wasn't so hungry. I had to wait for them to prepare my order.  Now I have to keep checking my CC statement for the next week to make sure my overcharge does not get applied.    Yes, I spoke with the restaurant manager when I picked up my order and when I called to discuss the duplicate charges.  I was left with the distinct impression that this guy has no clue what he is doing and his customer service skills are simply non-existent.  So, I called the corporate office.  Customer service was only slightly better - they seemed somewhat concerned with my issue and took more information than the manager did, but that was pretty much it.  I would think that if a customer has a billing problem, you would want to resolve that immediately.  Doesn't seem to be the case here.  Lastly, I want to reiterate that I really enjoy their food.  I've never had a bad meal - if you excuse the pizza delivery that was two hours late and ice-cold.  The iced tea is always fresh and the service in the store has always been good.  Unfortunately, after this last experience, you've lost me as a customer.
4 Ramon and Emily have always been great in their customer service. That alone would be five stars!  Four stars for bathroom size/cleanliness and three stars for not having a place to change a baby. I understand that it is no always feasible, which is why I still throw three stars out.   Wings are above average, pizza pretty darn good. One out of three pizzas were soggy, but we enjoy the atmosphere and service enough to get a better sampling of the food in the future.
2 $25 for a pizza. and it's really not all that great.   The owner chimed in, so after further thought, I upgraded Streets of NY because their food is good, just not my fav, and in MY OPINION, over priced.  I did keep noticing some pretty bland sauces in the calzones, so I quit ordering them.. and then I noticed the same thing on the pizza. Kinda waters it down, for lack of a better term. If you take issue with some sauces, the only pizza I would recommend is their Pesto, which I have had, and it is delicious.   It looks like on paper they have a good lunch menu, which I have not tried. I'm more apt to get a sub for lunch than do a sit down, which the average bill goes from $8 to $15-$20 with tip. and last time I ate there, which was last week for dinner with a buddy, I was annoyed that while I was eating the server asked me if I wanted a beer after I already ordered coke. This was after I had already been served and was drinking it. I just felt like it was kinda tacky, maybe even pushy. You see, I had a DUI last year and i'm more sensitive to drinking and driving these days. I drove that night and did not want to drink alcohol, hence ordering the coke. So, why would a server be asking me if "i want a beer or something??" To boost the bill maybe? Yeah, I think so for sure.   As far as the pizza, I'm not here to advertise another restaurant, I just know that there are better deals on pizza. For that kind of money, I'd rather just get something from the grocery store and cook it at home OR get a Happy Hour Deal at a restaurant in Scottsdale.
1 I ordered delivery and it was a mistake. My soup came in a sandwich like to go container, luckily I had something I could transfer it into to eat. The sandwich i ordered was supposed to come with bacon instead I got ham. The pesto was non existent, instead all I tasted was mayo. The raviolis were cold and looked like they had been sitting out for awhile and the sauce was undesirable.
4 Great tasting pizza! Not bad prices either. Just sometimes get confused about how to order when I come in (usually not during a meal rush). But overall great experience!
5 Streets of New York is one of my favorite restaurants in general and probably my favorite pizza place! I am a vegetarian and they make it easy for me to order food that I can enjoy! Their pizza is obviously amazing and I love the fact that they have a Vegetarian's delight sandwich that I can order! Oh and their street fries are absolutely delicious. I work in the same complex as this location and I order food to my work all the time because I can not! Every time my food is delivered I receive nothing but absolutely amazing service! The deliverers are always friendly! I have never had a problem with the outcome of my order either! I seriously recommend this location if you enjoy good food and great customer service.
