5 Looking for a new hair stylist isn't easy! Having recently relocated to Phoenix from The SF Bay Area I had been on a quest to find someone experienced in SHORT HAIRCUTS FOR WOMEN. In 4 months I had been to 4 different hair salons and every time I felt like I had just walked out of a beauty school. Until I FINALLY came across hair stylist Michelle King. As I nervously sat in her chair praying that this wouldn't be another haircut experiment, she immediately made me feel comfortable & listened attentively to what I had to say. In the end I walked out with A BETTER hair cut that I expected! So if you are looking for someone experienced in short funky or classy haircut (s)  for women ( & men)  in the Phoenix area, Michelle King is the woman to see @ R Salon!
5 Knows exactly what I want, and how I want it...Michelle ROCKS!
5 Specializes in short haircuts for women!!! I've been going to Michelle for about a year now, she does a fabulous job!
5 Just moved to Phoenix.  My 13 year old son wanted a new look and wanted to experiment with color, so I found Michelle on Yelp.  I called her up and told her what my son wanted and that he needed guidance.  She scheduled us asap.  When we arrived at the salon she was ready for us and gave us a thorough consultation.  She answered all of my son's questions professionally and patiently.  She listened to what he wanted, asked him about his interests, hobbies etc. took all of it into account and explained what she thought would work.  She took her time, and was patient with my squirmy 13 year old and showed him how to style his new cut.  She was detailed, professional, and caring.  He loves his new look and so do I.  She's a true artist.  She specializes in short cuts and is amazing with color (check her hair color out, she does it herself!), but she's great with long hair too.  It was a great experience!
5 Finally!  I found someone who can cut short hair for women, and with a funky edge to it.  Michelle is very detailed and knows how to personalize your hair.  Also with color she knows what you want right away and is very quick to mix and apply it.  Great job!  Thanks Michelle.
1 Yesterday I went to Michelle King to have my short  hair cut and shaped. I am very nervous about hairstylists...as my hair has been butchered...time and time again..AND I drove all the way from Cave Creek!!  I took pictures and was very specific about what I wanted. When she first approached me in the waiting area...she did not smile at me ONCE, and was EXTREMELY unfriendly! I had a sinking feeling while following her to the chair. She pretty much pointed at the chair and"ordered" me to sit down,still not cracking a smile. After explaining what I wanted (she did listen..but acted like I was "bothering" her, and was not enjoying what she was doing) I tried my best to make conversation..but it was obvious she did not want to talk to me. As I was quite nervous about a haircut in the first place (as I've had nothing but bad experiences...except once)...I admittedly said on a few occasions (nicely).."remember  to not cut "this or that" too short"...and she snapped at me "you're too controlling!!" I was flabbergasted!! I only continued sitting in the chair because she still had a ways to go...or I would have walked out!!  Even if I WAS being annoying (out of nervousness)...which I wasn't...a hairdresser should try and make you feel relaxed and comfortable... not bite your head off!! I was so taken aback..I said "oh, I'm sorry..I didn't mean to upset you."..Then she proceeded to tell me my hair color was pretty much "hideous"...(and I wasn't even there for coloring)..I LIKE my haircolor! Although my haircut was ok..not spectacular...Michelle was the rudest hairstylist I have ever come across..with absolutely ZERO people skills! My suggestion.."Michelle, you are in the customer service business..the PEOPLE business!!".......Never again!
