4 Think Qdoba with pita bread and more options. The portions are large, cheap, and consistently good. There's Pita Pit franchises all around the country, but as far as I know, this is the first one in Wisconsin. I tried a breakfast pita recently, and I'm a huge fan already. The chicken, eggs, cheese and vegetables were all cooked to a perfect consistently, and there was a ridiculous amount of extra toppings and sauces to choose from for no extra charge.  This food is in no way, shape, or form authentic Middle Eastern food. In fact, the pita bread just tastes like flattened white bread. But that doesn't seem to be what Pita Pit is going for. The food is thoroughly Americanized, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. I don't go to my local Chinese restaurant for authentic Chinese food, and I don't eat Chipotle because it reminds me of Mexico. Yeah, you can get a falafel pita here, but you can also get pita versions of classics like Philly Cheesesteak, Caesar Salad, tuna, or eggs and ham.  This place isn't nearly as nutritious as it claims, especially considering the amount of food they're giving you. But hey, this is America. If I want a mildly ethnic version of the oversized portions of comfort food I know and love, it's my god-given right to have it.
5 We enjoyed great service from the college women working on a Saturday.  They explained the options and made some great suggestions.  Enjoyed watching the Badgers demolish Indiana on the big flat screen TV.
2 This place lost its appeal real fast. Big, greasy, fast food pitas were only good the first couple of times. It kind of grosses me out now, actually.
5 I cock-blocked with a pita . . . . =(  I discovered this place during my trip out here for work.  I went in to order a pita and as the girl at the counter was making it, a guy walks in and she gets really excited.  They chat about their plans for the night because apparently he was going laser tagging, but she has to work until 10:30pm.  She abruptly has to kill the conversation to finish my order.  Pitas should never stand in the way of love.  Like subway, but 100x better! White or wheat pita Meat:  spicy chicken, beef, falafel, badger special!!!! (potatoes, bacon, cheese, jalapeños, oinions, green peppers,nspicy sauce) and a bunch of other choices. Add ons: everything and anything:  spinach, romaine, alfalfa, tomato, hummus, olives, taziki, pickles, onions, pepperoncinis, cheddar cheese, feta cheese, etc. 9 diff sauces: mayo, sour cream, spicy chipotle, ranch, etc.  I hope I can find one in California . . . and not cock-block.
5 It's funny another reviewer related it to Subway which is also how I describe it to others.  I'm inclined to like it more than Subway as the vegetarian options for protein and vegetables are amazing. It has a lot of choices from jalapenos to onions to alfalfa sprouts. It's also open late past bar time and has a pretty comfortable atmosphere inside with TV's and a friendly staff.   I'd recommend it to anyone!
5 I was strolling down State St., a painful churning and grumbling in my stomach constantly reminding me of my pitiful human need for food. Left and right, a plethora of variegated neon signs assaulting my vision. One in particular, a sign of green and red, immediately hosts my mind with fond memories of my childhood, huddled around a noble fir on Christmas morn. My gullet slowly shifting from an insatiable lust for nourishment, to a comforting feeling of warmth and fuzziness; I inexorably drift towards this glowing enigma. Still drunk with youthful splendor, I stumble in a haze towards my new objective. I reach out my hand, desperately grasping towards the threshold. I am instantly shaken to my senses as my fingers wrap around the could metal handle of the entryway. I lurch forward with all of my might and it swings open with surprising ease. Stepping forward, I am immediately accosted with a circus of smells and delicious temptations, and am practically blinded by the immeasurable choices lying before me. My senses overwhelmed, I struggle to discern the true motives of whoever constructed this establishment. The only thing I know for certain, is the screaming pain and longing my stomach expresses towards the spread before me. And it is in this stupor, that a sharply dressed gentleman finds me; helpless and hungry. The young lad regards me inquisitively, and is even curious as to my motivations inside this establishment. It is at this moment that I realize, all at once, in a flash of sobering realization, that this stoic form before me has offered to build me and my aching belly a vessel in which to sate our hunger. I graciously accept his kind gesture, and proceed to point and grunt at the various offerings that strike my fancy. I am in awe at his practiced movements, and am brought close to tears at the beauty of his creation. And finally, when the masterpiece was deemed complete, it left his hands, and entered mine. He calls himself Dan. A name befitting such a handsome fellow. I thanked him for everything he had done for me, and gave him paper currency as a token of our newly found friendship. My hand now brandished with this amalgamation of flavor, I set out into the night, renewed and beaming with vigor.
4 Have only been here once, after the Mifflin Street Block party, so yes, I was pretty intoxicated.  And I remember my pita being amazing.    It's nice having a fast-food, pita place.  I usually prefer local eateries over chains but this is an exception.  Reminds me of  a Subway for Gyros.
5 For a fast food joint this place is great! The have tasty falafel which is really hard to find in this town. This place is really similar to subway in that you order your meal and then watch as they make it and tell them what you want in it. It is better than subway because there are more options for what to add into it as far as cheese, veggies, and sauces go. You also get a lot more food for your money and they have way more options for vegetarians. You can get either a wrap or a pita. I left full and satisfied. The people working there were very friendly and courteous.
5 The Dirty Badger (the local) is amazing! Great food and tons of options. You can also get any pita as a salad.
4 Been wanting to try this place for awhile. Basically it's like a subway but for pittas. The staff was very friendly and my hummus in wheat with toppings was really good. My boyfriend and daughter seemed to really like theirs as well. Only complaint is the price. I think it's a little over priced but I'd probably still come here again.
