2 I was originally craving Taco Bell, but wanted something a little gourmet, so I thought this place would do it.   I ordered the Gourmet (Chicken) taco meal with beans and chips, and an extra Carnita street taco for the win.  This is the only place I know that serves bacon as default in their tacos, didn't think the idea was that great, but had to try just to see... it was like eating a mouth full of lard. Good lord, it drowned out the taste of anything else in the tacos. Really should have 86'd the bacon.. bleh. They should have just called it the Bacon taco. The street taco tasted funny, I can't put my finger on it, I think it was just a sauce in it that didn't taste very fresh.   Service was quick and friendly, but the staff looked like they were overwhelmed even though it just a slow but steady rush. It was $13 for 3 tacos, kinda steep for tacos that really could have done better. I hate to say it, but Taco Bell wins in this case.
5 I should start by saying that I am a huge fan of Rubios in general so I normally wouldn't rate an individual location. This is the exception. The location on Ray and Power Rd is consistently awesome.   If you like the food, and who doesn't then you will be happy to hear it's always great at this location. What sets these guys apart from the zillion other locations is the service and the facility. The restrooms are the cleanest I've seen and when you have a 5 year old that metters a lot! The service is second to none. Every single time I have been here,p probably 20 or more times now, I get a smile, a thank you, a perfect order and they go out of the it way to make sure everything is perfect.   Well, lunch just arrived so I better get to eating! Viva Rubios!!
5 Every time I visit this Rubios the staff is extremely nice, cheery and helpful. Food is usually wonderful and if not, they always fix it right away. Everything we could ever ask for in a restaurant!
4 For a fast food type Mexican restaurant, I love this place.  I'm not sure they have the Blackened Salmon Burrito anymore, but that thing was amazing!  Their salsas (salsa bar) are pretty much average, but it's nice to have a choice.  I still don't like it as much as Chipotle, but it's a nice change once in a while.
4 This place is consistently great, I almost always have the shrimp tacos with bacon, man they are so good. Service is always very friendly, and the restaurant is very clean. I like it alot.
3 Food was good and the service was great! I would say if you want more than Taco bell but not a ridiculous price this hits the spot. Not the best but far from the worst.  We had the original fish taco which was very good. The salmon taco was OK but it was the freshness of the food that we enjoyed.  Definitely worth a shot!
5 Had seen the place earlier in the week when I tried YC grill and decided to give it a shot. I initially ordered 1 traditional (lightly fried pollock) and 2 wild salmon fish tacos, all on corn tortillas and with a large side of guac for $12. They came, I saw, I conquered. The flavors were great and the sauces offered go great as toppings. The staff was friendly and personable as well.    Unfortunately I had a buffet-worthy appetite and had to go for a round 2... I went back to the front and ordered another traditional (great crispy texture - and they were on a special sale for $1.50 each!) in addition to a garlic shrimp taco (with bacon!? sold!) and a small side of guac for $7 (so much for my dinner budget!). The shrimp taco had a great combination of cheese, avocado, bacon, and garlic grilled shrimp.    All in all a great place to grab a bite, though they have better options than fish tacos for larger appetites!
3 Nice change to the fast food alternative.  Had the Logostino Lobster Burrito.  Was light and tasted good.  Better than the other burrito options at fast food locations.   I have also had a fish taco.  And also like the street tacos.   A little more pricey than fast food of course, but a nice change.
4 I think Rubio's is yummy. I like that there is no MSG in the food.. however, I did not give it a 5 star rating because sometimes the beans taste a little under cooked and I saw a lady not receive her chicken in her chicken burrito. Also, I only get 20 minutes for break, and whenever I go there I have to rush to make it back in time. But overall I love their food. And the salsas are great.
4 I do not know about other Rubio's, but this one is great:  The food and the people.  I ordered a fish burrito and asked to not have a certain item put into it (highly allergic), got it and it had the item.  Sent it back, got it without the item and they were very apology, gave me a gift card for a free meal.
5 Our family had to eat here at least once a week when we lived in Gilbert.  The staff was awesome.  They were always friendly and service was great.  The food was awesome.  We love the guacamole, burritos, and tacos!  The music they piped was always good too!  Great atmosphere!  We'll be visiting anytime we're back in the area!  We miss the food so much!
3 We had a large togo order and they didnt get our order correct. It was a large order with some complicated twists but if they are unsure they should have asked about it.
4 Excellent! It's the first stop we make when we arrive in AZ. Great food reasonable prices.
4 I am a big fan of Rubios. My favorite is their gourmet shrimp tacos. There are a couple coupons throughout the year which is always a nice touch. While they are usually clean, this one didn't have anyone wiping tables and it wasn't busy but they are usually good.  I love that they have 4 different types of salsa for you to try. I got a coupon for chips and guacamole which now made me hooked on the guac! Fast service and good food.   Another good choice if you are watching calories is their health mex burrito. I do add some balsamic dressing to it and it is really good for a healthier option.
5 They're just so nice here. And it was just so clean. And so very close to the Mesa Gateway airport (not like, walking distance at all... but once you leave the airport you're pretty much there) and I'll be darned if a big ol' burrito isn't what you want when you get off of the plane.  So that's what I had a few weeks back. I've been exploring lots of local businesses in the area, but I gave the old standby another taste-a-roo and it was good. I always go with the Especial burrito. It's packed with lots of stuff, the least of which is guacamole. You can add guac to anything, but this is truly especial. I go with the chicken, but not matter the protein, be sure to get the green sauce from the salsa bar and slather it on.  I've had many a good taco from these guys as well--those fish tacos are the real deal. But for me, post flight, it's all about the burrito.
5 Best shrimp tacos EVER!!! I am so picky and they make them right every time!!! Staff is always friendly and helpful!!!!
4 I love Rubio's. The fish tacos and burrito especial always hit the spot. I love their fresh salsa bar and their customer service.   The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the water cups they give you are ridiculous. They're these tiny cups that hold about a cup of water and I have to refill it about 6 times. Come on Rubio's, don't be so cheap!  Every other place I eat at gives me a big cup for water.
5 Dined today at what is absolutely incontestable one of the best fish taco establishment.  Rubio's keep up the good work with your food.  The Langostino Lobster burrito the other day was worth every penny!
5 Always excellent service--the food is amazing too, but the service is top notch and keeps me coming back several times a week! :)
4 Mahi Mahi habanero tacos are the best! You won't regret ordering the if you love a little spice with your meals.
5 We have always had the best service at this location!! One person in particular has helped us out on a couple occasions and has always gone above and beyond. His name is Triston. Talk about awesome customer service! This kid should own the place some day! The food is always good and if they do not have something, they have always suggested other items or sauces etc that would compliment the food. I have never felt rushed and Triston has left a lasting impressing on us that we wanted to be sure we point out what an excellent job he does!
5 This location is a prime example of superb customer service. The manager, Julie, is very personable, kind, and she makes it a point to remember your name! The food is always prepared correctly and presented perfectly. I visit this location a minimum of once per week. Keep up the good work!
4 Lets start this adventure off by completing Mr. Rubio on his ability to streamline the taco/burrito business and keep it fresh. This location is always so happy. You walk in to a happy greeting and everyone is quick to check up on you. Never a bad fast food meal in this place. fresh salsa bar with plenty to add to your entree. Unfortunately the coolest stories I have are from the wacked out patrons that bless us with their awesomeness. I'll save you the story so that you can focus on the food.   you asked for it so here it is. Grab the fish tacos on discount fish taco day. The gourmet grilled shrimp tacos with avocado & bacon are scrumptious! Enjoy some tastily salsa-I'mpress your date by mixing up your own concoction....
5 This Rubio's location is always clean and fast. In general, I always enjoy the food that I get at Rubio's and this place is no exception. My top recommendations would be the fish taco especial and blackened tilapia tacos. I also really like the blackened tilapia burrito. I haven't tried the non-fish options there but I've heard that they are good too!
