4 This is a hidden gem.  They closed when the resort closed, but the restaurant has now re-opened under new management/new chef.  SPECTACULAR VIEWS - Best you will find anywhere in the valley.  The prices are higher-end reminiscent of when they were connected to the resort/private club, but nonetheless, worth it for a special occassion.  They have a  7 before 7 Wine Bar small plates/wines, but we opted for the main restaurant/meals.  Appetizer was Calamari which was light and delicious.  One had Swordfish special of the evening, one had halibut and one had burger.  All were delicious.  Wine selection was somewhat lacking and rather expensive for the selections, but otherwise, an overall wonderful experience..  You can sit indoors in the beautifully styled interior - but why if seating is available outdoors this time of year with THOSE VIEWS!?!
5 Alchemy is a great place to take people you want to impress. Great views, great food and lots of good service. It is especally lovely when there is a full moon rising over the mountains.  Its a little expensive but you can catch happy hour wine and hordourves in the bar and balcony area. I like that they are so happy to see you, very gracious appreciative of their customers.
5 This is my secret spot for the WOW of a special date.   View, service and food are all high quality, parking is easy and close.   It is pricey, so I recommend going for lunch (they start late - at Noon)  BTW, Did I mention the sweeping view?!
5 Stopped in for lunch and the open air, high doors are great in the high 70's temps of March.
4 This place has sadly closed...not sure for how long or if permanently...
4 Heard they have re-opened...haven't gone yet to confirm but hopefully soon!
4 First off, let me explain that we initially selected this location for spa services which were gifted to a group of my colleagues for a successful project launch.  Nice huh?!?!  don't you wish you worked where I do?  By the way, the ladies in the spa were fantastic.  Holly and Martina have my full recommendation.  We had made other plans for dinner, but after seeing the location, the views, the comfortable atmosphere, and reading the few reviews here, we decided to make a day of it with afternoon cocktails and dinner after everyone's treatments concluded.  Enjoyed the service from Candace during happy hour - super friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant recently reopened and from what I understand the menu has been  repriced somewhat to provide more value.  Touchdown.  The head chef, Paul, is also the owner.  We had a chance to chat with Paul a few times throughout the night.  Very gracious, humble, and genuine - and seems to really enjoy hospitality.  In our discussions he was forthright about the challenges to bring customers to their area and get the word out.  From a customer's standpoint, it is nice to  keep it "to yourself", but Paul is right and this is a great local find that needs to be experienced by more people.  We felt catered too all day.  The staff is all friendly and helpful and several commented that they "loved" working there.  Good sign in my book.  Menu was brief, but interesting - again, what I prefer.  Pours on the drinks were generous and no one balked when I asked to modify my dinner selection - in fact, Paul stopped by to confirm and just set expectations about how he would prepare my meal - a Hawaiian butter fish - which was excellent and the best part of my meal.  My app and desert were good, but not as memorable.    Definitely will make plans to come again with my wife for some spa time, dinner and an overnight stay if possible.
3 Have gone to Alchemy at Copperwynd many times over the years and have always loved the ambiance and setting.  The views are amazing.  The whole concept is great with the resort and spa, etc.    They recently re-opened after suffering the down turn in the economy and we were very excited to have them back.  Have stayed at the resort five times in the past several years and they have been running some great specials and prices.  We decided to go there this year for Thanksgiving brunch buffet.  I had been on Thanksgiving, twice before.     After making reservations we arrived at our specified time and were seated out on the outside, side patio.  Far from the crowd (okay with us) but it was a cloudy, cooler day.  We asked to be seated next to the outdoor fireplace (two tables were empty), because when we asked for a table side heater, we were told they only had one heater that worked and it was taken.  Our waitress asked us to wait and returned and told us we could move but another party was coming in an hour for that table.  We agreed.  We were not offered anything else or the option of moving inside.  The table by the fireplace was perfect!!  Not to mention warmer and protected as it did start to rain.  Hmmm, wonder if they would have let us get wet too!   This year the food was set up in the far room which was different from the other times we were there.  It did provide more room.  The food.......well, it seemed much more sparse than previous Thanksgiving and just not as appealing or well presented.  The quality of the food we had was good, but there just seemed to be something lacking, which I can't figure out what that was.  Perhaps by the time we were there (1:30), things had been picked over??  But believe me, we did not leave hungry!!  It was so nice not to cook or have the clean-up mess to contend with.  Our waitress................hmm,  So bland and un-attentive, I can't even remember her name.  Had never seen her there before, although she mentioned she had been there for awhile.  Was very disinterested in our progress through dinner and we had to ask several times for refills for our mimosa's.  The bus staff did a good job of keeping up with removing empty dishes and keeping the table clean. Overall, I got the impression the waitress might have been pissed off she had to work on the holiday, or perhaps she was just having a bad day.  If I was seated with her as my wait person again, I would ask to sit elsewhere.  We watched an exchange between her and two women who were seated even farther away from the crowd than us, and it got heated.  On their way out the women stopped at our table and told us they were upset about the gratuity fee being added to the bill for the buffet and the waitress was very rude to them about it and started yelling at them (this occurred inside and was reported to us by the women, so we did not witness).  Speaking of the gratuity being added................I agree with them.  This was a buffet and we served ourselves!!  If anything the bus boys did the hardest part and our waitress did not deserve the % that was charged.  Most of the time when this happens, it is usually 18% added and we usually tip 20% and they lose out. Our total bill for our Thanksgiving dinner was $142 for both of us.  Kind of on the high side, but we enjoyed our day, meal and most of all the atmosphere and each others company!
5 Great views of course before sunset, and a great Christmas Eve dinner. Menu was limited for the holiday, but still a good selection was offered.  Wine offerings were pretty extensive. Waitstaff was spot-on in service. I recommend to all.
5 I went here for dinner with my wife and four children aged 12-23.  Unfortunately we arrived after dark so I can't comment on the view, but it must be awesome due to the location.  Ambiance was pleasant, comfortable.  Menu was not overly expansive, but had enough to satisfy the variety of palates in our group.  Wine list was long and our waiter was helpful in assisting our pairings with dinner.  Appetizers were amazing.  Crab cakes were classic, flavorful, not needing any sauce.  Calamari were light and flavorful.  Short ribs were amazing.  Veal chops also great.  The soup of the night was chicken tortilla and was the best tortilla soup several of my party had ever tasted.  The salads were light and flavorful.  The seasonal harvest salad was amazing.  The entrees were well prepared with adequate portion size.  The Hawaiian butter fish was very good and light.  The salmon had a unique smoky flavor.  The pork loin was amazing.  Steaks were cooked ideally.  Desserts were awesome, so leave room if you can.  The chocolate cake has a spicy kick and is very dense.  The goat cheese cheesecake is very unique an flavorful.  Overall, this was one of the finest dining experiences we have ever had, surpassing an experience we had at one of the Iron Chef's establishments.  Kudos to chef Paul!
5 I was just treated like royalty....  I couldn't wait to write this review for Alchemy, I was so impressed.  The service was impeccable (excellent kudos to our server Jean), the view was awesome (I can't wait to come here during the day so I can take in what is obvious a breathtaking view), and the food was too die for.  Lets start from the beginning.  My friend Jodi and I walk in to the Copperwynd Resort.  (We did lose our way at first and walked through the pool/gym/spa area.  Seeing this with the views make me - and my friend agreed -  want to stay for a spa weekend.  I think we are going to set this up soon!) Nestled in Fountain Hills, this place is a hidden gem.  I understand how the locals may want to keep this place a secret, but it needs to experienced by everyone. I understand this place was closed for a few months...but Alchemy is back!  Our charming hostess sat us in what seemed to be the best seat in the house.  We were by the window and, while it was dark, you can see the lights of what was just an amazing view.    The wine list was extensive and it was tough to chose what I wanted to drink.  I chose what was a very delicious Riesling.    Now, when you make your reservations to have the most amazing dining experience, please make sure that you request Jean (or John - I am assuming it is spelled Jean since he had the most endearing French accent - though one should never assume :)) to be your server.  He made the whole night an event.  He had the best sense of humor and was very attentive.  (And if he is unavailable, there was another server, Jenny who was also very helpful throughout the night)   Now lets get to the food!  The manager did recommend to us that we needed to try the braised short rib crostini  to start.  Now I am one that will not eat onions....but as it was described to us...it was true:  This dish was a "party in my mouth".  The pork rib was cooked just right and it melted in my mouth with the goat cheese and grilled onions.  (I didn't realize that there were onions until afterwards.)   Next my friend and I split the Iceberg Chopped Salad.  Now...this may be the strangest thing I may ever say...but this was the most delicious salad I ever had!  The lettuce was just like butter...with bacon, goat cheese (Jodi and I requested goat cheese in lieu of the bleu cheese since we are not fans) avocado (again - I don't eat avocados - but I didn't care!  It was THAT GOOD!) and the perfect buttermilk ranch dressing.  I was a fan!  Jodi ordered one of the specials of the night - the Dover Sole stuffed with blue crab.  I had the pan seared halibut with a creamy corn chowder.  We both raved about both dishes.  Cooked to perfection!    While we were waiting for our desserts (where I was going to find room for this, I wasn't sure) Chef Paul came out to introduce himself.  A very charming man who definitely knew his stuff.  It was such a great added touch to an already memorable experience.    Jean came out with our desserts.  Now we were in heaven!  The flourless chocolate cake was melt in my mouth scrumptious...but I had this thing for this white chocolate cake that was out of this world!!!  While I am proud that I didn't over stuff myself by finishing the cake...there is a part of me that wished I did.  From beginning to end, the experience at Alchemy was top notch!  Prices were very reasonable, the food and views are just to die for, and I can't stop talking about the best service I had received.  (Remember - Jean or Jenny!!!)  I can't wait to go back - especially for lunch to enjoy the views!  And you need to go there as well to check it out.  Don't worry about the drive....this place is worth it!
5 I just went there again over the weekend for another spectacular experience.  I really do love this place and more people need to go out there as well!  It was extremely busy Saturday night and the staff handled it with ease.    I need to give a special shout out to Alchemy's manager.  Ryan is extremely professional and made the experience that much more enjoyable.  He loves to engage with his clientele and being extremely helpful at the same time.  He really cares about the restaurant and staff.    It's great to see a place where it is obvious that the staff enjoys where they work.  We had Jean again for our server...and his humor and knowledge is great.    The only thing I wish is that the wine list had more to offer by the glass. There are many different wines available by the bottle....but for this lightweight...one glass is fine for me.  And when you stop in...make sure you make room for dessert.  The goat cheese cake was out of this world.
5 I found this place on OpenTable.com and went there for Valentine's Day.  Gorgeous views overlooking Fountain Hills and the fountain.  Food is very decently priced (less than $30/plate), and the menu is simple; but don't let that fool you.  The food is wonderfully prepared, and the special(s) are wonderful! They have a wonderful wine area just inside the resort area as well.  Highly recommend it for a romantic setting! Great patio area as well!  Not recommended for kids tho
4 First time back in 5 years and I live 10 minutes away. First, they toned down the fanciness. Do that business casuaal thing and you'll be fine. The patio is a good spot, even though you can't make a res for it. The menu is friendly, upscale food avoiding pretentious. The burger looked great at the table next to us. Our food, app was lamb pops. Basically 3, very tender lamb chops. Entrees were butterfish and duck breast. Both around $26 with veggies and a starch floating ariund the plate. The food was good. A glass of wine was $9-11 range (I resent the 13-14 a glass joint). Service attentive. A good night. My takeaway was a nice meal in FH that doesn't have to be that special occasion for the price.
5 We have NEVER been disappointed in a meal or service at Alchemy!  wonderful place and beautiful location. ..romantic city lights/mountain views.
2 one of the most beautiful views in phoenix, but food is just so-so, catering to rich blue hairs "escaping" from their posh fountain hills bungalows. nothing new in this new american. just standard, safe recipes for standard, safe customers. meh.  #wynd is spelled W.I.N.D. #hostess' reservation book is on the opposite counter. stoopy ass in your face for "do you have a reservation" and "what is your last name" #hostess sets the negative tone with "i see you requested a window table, but we've already given them all out." --not necessary because one wall of the restaurant has been rolled away to reveal the beatiful view. EVERY table is a window table.  --safe wine list with all your corporate favorites, but featuring some Arizona wines ?! go on the "adventurous" side with a Franciscan Cab. (rolling eyes)  #smoked salmon and spinach *casserole* is what it should have said. not fresh, gecky and crumby on top. yuck. #caesar salad. meh. no pepper grinder in sight. none offered. (suspect it's too spicy for blue hairs, so they stopped it long ago) #lamb shank with mashed and gravy could serve 3. doggie bag it for fido's feast  #no fresh mint on property. just what you see on the menu, please. (a.k.a. NO SUBSTITUTIONS) #no espresso machine on property, just drip. (blue hairs drink decaf don't you know!) #creme brulee with butterflied strawberry. meh. so 15 years ago.  IF ONLY... One could transplant Kai's kitchen and staff to this view and location, you'd have a dining destination worthy of a plane ticket from *anywhere*. Don't get me wrong, Kai is still worth the plane ticket from anywhere.
5 This is my second time there. Both times were great. Last time, we showed up at sunset and had an awesome view of the Fountain Hills Vallley and the mountains. The four of use ordered different plates. All we great and the presentation was outstanding. I had the duck breast and really enjoyed it. Our sever was excellent. Love this place.
1 Very poor food quality. Veal tasted like cold boxed foods. This place use to be great but no longer. Good STAFF and great view. Go for a drink but avoid the food.
5 We have NEVER been disappointed in a meal or service at Alchemy!  wonderful place and beautiful location. ..romantic city lights/mountain views.
4 This is a beautiful restaurant with outstanding views.  The food is good but $$$$.  My friend from North Carolina came for her first visit to Fountain Hills and we had a great experience.  However, upon returning to NC, she contacted the manager in an attempt to purchase a gift certificate for me.  She called.  I called.  Numerous times.  Left messages.  To the point where I won't be going back there simply for the fact that the manager is so flakey to DELIBERATELY ignore numerous inquiries AND WE WERE TRYING TO GIVE HIM MONEY!  LOL
4 I had a Buffalo Burger and loved it!!  Really an excellent dining experience.
2 In one word our evening at this restaurant was : dissapointing  Mind you, the food was not bad.  However, we looked at the menu online and there were many things we wanted to try.  However, when we got there, they said their menu is cut in about half during the summer (wish they would have said this on their website).  the two appetizers we wanted to try - yellowfin tuna lettuce wraps and smoked salmon - were unavailable.  In addtion, the pistachio encrusted salmon was unavailable durign the summer.  We ordered some salads...i had iceberg wedge which was fine, but honestly, better (any way bigger) at any steakhouse.  For entree I had a fish called barramundi.  It tasted fine (but nothong special), and it cost 27$ and came with nothing of subtstance except for some avodacdo on top.  Even worse, there is not even an option to order any sides!   Another person in my reservation had the filet mignon (36$).  It looked pathetic.  He ordered it med rare and it came med well.  I woulda sent it back but he is too nice.  Also so small, maybe 6 oz at best.  He said it was dry and lacked flavor as well (what do you expect when you serve a super thin filet mignon med well).  Lastly, we ordered 2 entrees to share, and they brought it out on seperate plates which is nice.  But, without mentioning anything when we told the waiter that we wanted to share the entrees, they added $5 to each entree we split!  Our bill for 5 people was over 200$ (4 of us and 1 child) and we ordered a bottle of wine, and they are nickel and diming us for 5 freakin dollars?  What a joke.  We complained, and they took the 10$ off the bill for the 2 shared entrees, and decided to add gratuity onto the bill instead, which was fine since the service was pretty good (except for failing to tell us taht it cost money to share a meal, when we would have been perfectly fine just asking for an extra plate).  Also had 2 desserts, 10$ each, which were OK but nothing special.    All in all, its a romantic place with good service.  However, food is ridicuously overpriced.  They act like its some super tasty/fancy gourmet food, but in reaiity, the fish is only slightly above average, the steak was terrible, and the portions were ridiculously small.
5 Absolutely love this place !!  The wine list the food and service (be sure to ask for Jean) - FANTASTIC !!!
5 Amazing views, this restaurant is a hidden gem, the staff is second to none as well as the food.  Make sure you get Jean as your server....he's knowledgable and a warm sense of humor.
3 Amazing views, but otherwise disappointing.  The restaurant is really nothing special - typical menu and they didn't play off the view to the fullest extent.  We enjoyed a glass of wine on the patio and definitely had the best table in the place.  Service was slow and overwhelmed too...not sure how on a summer evening when every table wasn't even full.
5 As first time diner's at The Alchemy at Copperwynd, we were exposed to a very upscale meal! And even tho we didn't understand a lot about the menu, our sever, JR, was patient and informative which made ordering so much easier! For the price we were extremely pleased to find well portioned meals with rich flavors that you just aren't normally accustomed to. The view was beautiful, the food was excellent and it was definitely a memorable dinner!
5 Amazing food, views and service
4 Had a great lunch here. Happy hour tough to get served on a fri. Nite at bar. Bartender busy with service.
4 The food will speak for itself and the view is something you don't get around the Phoenix area. Read it has the top ten views in Arizona. Just go and you won't be disappointed. Hidden gem in the fountain hills area!
3 Good food and good view.  Ok service.
4 I would give 3.5 BUT this region is starved of decent restaurants and this the only decent one I have eaten at in two trips (2 x 3 days)  to the area. I will go again if / when I am forced to stay out that way again.
3 When we arrived, we were told we would have a 15 minute wait even though we had a reservation.  The excuse was that they "ran out of menus."  Really?  Who says that?  No menus?  The hostess was kind and tried her best, but deferred to her doe-eyed manager who was of no help and was actually a bit rude.  So, we waited for almost 20 minutes.  Not a great start.  There were open tables, but I think they had several large parties going at once, esssentially overbooking themselves.  They should consider the compentency of their managers.  When we finally sat down, the service was great and so was our food.  The food totally changed the course of the evening.  There were a few other grievances, some of which I know was out of their control, but I'll list them anyway: 1.  The bar was way too loud.  I understand Arizona was playing Wisconsin in the NCAA tourney, but this is a fine dining restaurant, not a sports bar.   2.  There was a wedding and the reception wasn't too far from the restaurant.  So all we heard was thumping bass from the PA the whole night.  Not to mention the drunk, stumbling 20 somethings roaming around the property.  There was another bar in the lobby, and given the volume of people interested in watching the game I'm not sure why they didn't open that one up to bring the crowd out and lower the noise level for diners.  I also don't suppose there isn't another area to hold a wedding reception except right outside the balcony of the restaurant, where most diners sit to enjoy the view of Fountain Hills?  We may go back to try it on a quieter night, but I'm not dashing back anytime soon.
3 The food was fantastic - gets at least 4 stars. The setting was great.  Wonderful views of the surrounding area and dinning room open to outside with hidden away window - gets at least 4 stars. BUT service was indifferent at best - only gets 2 stars.  The manager stopped by and we told him our concerns.  He thanked us and said appreciated feedback - instead of comping a desert he just said that the next time we returned he oped service would be better.  This told us he really didn't care about our feedback.  He feels most customers were visitors to area - but we live here yearround. Not sure we will return because of the service.
4 My husband and I had a wonderful dinner here. We asked to sit on the patio to check out the beautiful view. At first the dinner started out a little bit shocking when I sat on one of the cushions that was soaking wet. It rained a few days before and somehow they hadn't dried out. Unfortunately my whole backside was wet during our meal but the food definitely compensated for that. I had the scallops on mash potatoes (requested the change) And the sauce served with it was amazing and so were the scallops. My husband had the filet mignon And was one of the best he's ever tasted. We also started with the wedge salad but I wouldn't say it was one of the best. I definitely have had some better ones. And wouldn't order it again here. We also had the calamari which is pretty good. The waiter also told us that they had a fruit cobbler for dessert and it's one of my husband's favorite. So we got it but unfortunately it showed up without any cobbler at all. It was all just fruit and  ice cream. When we asked about it he said sorry we ran out of butter so we couldn't make the cobbler portion. Very strange!   It was very nice experience with the exception of the soaking cushion and the cobbler. I was a bit surprised they didn't Offer us something complementary for us because of that inconvenience and shock of the wet cushion and/or at least not charged for the non-cobbler but overall we would definitely be back (but checking our seats first). The entrées stood  out the most and were so delicious!!
5 LOVED this place! Took my boyfriend there for his birthday. Great view, great food and our server was awesome!
5 "Unbelievably WOW" doesn't even begin to explain the exceptional meal and service we received at Alchemy Restaurant.   We were staying at CopperWynd for a birthday stay-cation and had made reservations for Alchemy, Saturday evening.  This was to be our first dining experience there.  We had a minor hiccup with pool service that day and therefore moved up our reservation due to hunger.  The manager was extremely apologetic for our experience and went above and beyond to make things right.  This is unheard of in todays hospitality environment.  We weren't sure what to expect but the meal was absolutely mouth watering and exquisite.  We enjoyed a superb glass of malbec as we savored the best calamari I have ever eaten.  They get this appetizer just perfect.  It is not over fried and is topped with picante sweet peppers.  We then enjoyed the Fall Harvest Salad and the Bacon Caesar Salad.  These salads are not small at all.  They could be a meal in itself.  Both were simply full of flavor and refreshing.  We then both enjoyed their special of the evening a chimichurri seasoned steak with garlic mashed potatoes and broccolini.  The steak was perfectly cooked to our liking  and had the right amount of seasoning.  It made my mouth water.  I couldn't finish mine because it was so much food.  Then to top it all off the manager sent over 3 desserts.  A creme brûlée, a flour less chocolate cake and mint chocolate chip ice cream.  I have never felt so full and satisfied from a meal.  Every course had amazing flavor and was done perfectly.  The management, chef and staff get this restaurant right.  I would highly recommend Alchemy to anyone visiting the valley.  You won't regret eating here.  In fact you will regret not knowing about it earlier.  And the view by the windows is beautiful.  As a tip you may want to request window seating in your reservation.  Thank you Alchemy for making our experience so memorable.  We will be back with others in tow.
2 I gave two stars for the view.  Awesome view! As for service and food....I've defiantly had better,  If you want to have GREAT food and GREAT view. Go to Different Pointe of View restaurant. Alchemy was over price for the food and service.  We order a bottle of wine from the menu it was an 09' (a $50 bottle) and they brought out a 12' and said oh well I don't think we have it...then she asked the waiter walking by and he said yea we have it.. so then she asked us if that is what we really wanted. We then ordered the calamari...and it was like bar food...nothing you would get at this kind of restaurant....and the steak...smallest steak every ordered for $40.  We even asked the waitress if it was a 6 or 8 ounce...she says..."oh its more like 8 for sure" ....it was like 4 ounces. I would not recommend this place. Either lower your prices or change up the staff...including the people cooking the calamari.
