4 Was doing some last minute Halloween shopping for my Son.  He was looking for a specific mask that all of the kids are supposedly going to wear for Halloween and this was our 2nd stop.  I've never been in a Spirit Halloween Store before and I was really impressed with it.  It had a ton of Halloween related products.....costumes, decorations, table clothes, utensils, you name it!  There are a ton of cool displays too (see pics).....it gives you some ideas of how you could setup your house for Halloween.  Too late for this year, but I might do something next year.  My Son found his mask within 5 minutes...score!  Saved me a day of Halloween Store hopping and a tank of gas.  Random notes - Everything in the store will be 50% off starting Nov 1st.  The women employees here were dressed very provocatively....was beginning to think I walked into a Strip Club, wonder if it's like that at all locations or just this one?  Overall Value - Great. Will I return?  You can count on it.
5 Stopped in to browse the store since it just opened.  I love Halloween season!  When you walk in it feels a little small but opens up to another room.  I've been to other Halloween stores in the past and this one seemed to me to have a good selection of Halloween stuff.    The walls are lined with costumes for adults, teens, children, infants and even dogs.  The second room opens up to Halloween décor.  Anything from interactive life size spookers to little beat up dirty baby dolls who say things like "come play with me" or "I'm watching you" in this spooky little baby voice. Totally creepy and enough to pee your pants!  I did let our a little scream when an interactive dog growled and lunged at my legs-I'm not afraid to say.  My heart is still pounding. My daughter thought it hilarious. Rude.  There is a wall full of wigs to choose from.  If you are looking for a wig for Halloween or just for the heck of it, you will find it here.  Don't forget the creepy mask section.  You can find anything from Bart Simpson to Michael Myers.  Any kind of mask is creepy to me no matter how friendly it looks.  Just sayin.  So I randomly run into the gnome section.  Yes I said gnome.  These are like gnome gone zombie apocalypse.  My daughter and I were cracking up because they had a zombie lookin gnome that matched our "friendly" gnome at home-perfect size.  Sold!  $20.00.  Had to buy it to "trick" my man.  Isn't that the whole idea of Halloween???  So we replaced our gnome with zombie gnome to see how long it would take for him to notice.  Totally funny!   *see posted pic. hehe  Spirit has all your Halloween needs from costumes to décor. Whatever you are looking for to spiffy yourself up or spook out the neighbors you will for sure find it here.  Its that time of year again!  Have a happy and safe Halloween!
3 Stopped in to grab some items for the annual haunted garage. Looked pretty well organized with plenty of inventory. I'm sure as it gets even closer to Halloween, it will resemble a disaster area. The staff was friendly and helpful when it came to finding certain things. The first thing I picked up was without a price on it, so I grabbed another one and another one and another one until I found one that was marked. I saw lots of items new for 2013 and got some great ideas. Made a few small purchases and will be making return trips to finalize the haunt. I didn't experience anything that would lift Spirit into the four star range, but it was defintely better than satisfactory.
