4 Enliven your taste buds with a trip to Teavana.  The new Kierland store is a pleasure to shop, the smell of tea leaves and flower petals in the air, the colorful displays of tea utensils all provide a happy break from the mundane.
2 First and foremost...I do love the Tea I buy from here.  BUT...and it's a big BUT....Teavana needs to stop paying it's employees by commission and disguising them as pleasant tea mongers...when really they are refined used car salesmen/women.  They would upsell you the paper your receipt is printed on if they could.  Don't believe me....Google  Teavana and customer service....and read the reviews...it's a company wide issue....  Now...why do I go there.   The tea is great!  But they will have every excuse in the book to sell you the $100 teapot, the $25 tumbler, the overpriced sugar.....blah blah blah...you get the picture....and it will all be under the guise of getting the most flavor out of your tea....  So...What I recommend. 1.  walk in with a pre planned amount you are going to spend...or you will walk out broke...and confused at how it happened.  2.  Bring your own glass or metal canister.....or just lie and tell them you already have the small canister at home (because no doubt they will give you a reason why the one you brought in will "loose the taste of the tea" after a week.  3.  Bring comfortable shoes...because you will need them as they "shuffle you to the right" so you can pay.....this doesn't make sense now...but it will when you go to pay...whoever designed their store's flow should be fired. (oh..and if you comment on how dumb it is...the salesperson will even have a pre-planned answer for that also----don't believe me...say "wow this seems really  unorganized to have to pay like this"...and wait for the canned answer.  4.  Let your taste buds guide you...  5.  DO not buy SUGAR,TEAPOTS, or STEEPERS here...they are way overpriced.  and when they try to make you feel guilty because you are now going to "ruin" the quality of the tea....remind them who the customer is.  Again ...I love the tea...just the "tude" i get everytime I go there.....IT's Tea for Buddha's Sake....it should be a relaxing, Zen experience...
5 The selection of tea is AWESOME!  I don't go to the store to buy their tea pots or accessories just the tea maybe in the future.  The flavors are so fulfilling and healthy at the same time.  I was happy to see Robin relocate from Scottsdale Fashion Square to Kierland Commons.  She is not pushy.  She is very informative and pleasant.  She answers all my questions and makes suggestions.  I also purchase Teavana online and that is another option if you don't like the sales talk.  My favorite is Monkey Picked Oolong along with MANY others:)
1 Yes, the tea is good. Great even.  But as I explained to my husband after trying a sample from a Teavana employee, "Tea is inexpensive, let's just check it out." The tea I tried was $12 for 2 oz...which I found out after I asked for 4 oz. I changed my order to 2 and the female employee seemed put off. I mentioned I brewed my loose-leaf tea in my coffee maker and she was appalled, and then tried to sell me every loose-leaf tea pot in the store. When I said no to one she whipped out another one, all the while my husband was sitting back and laughing.  The sales associate was telling me how to do this, that and the other like I've never prepared tea before in my life. Hello! If I'm in a tea store, then I drink tea often.  $34 and 4 oz of tea later, I will not be returning.
1 Literally my least favorite store of any business type in Scottsdale.  The employees here are extremely aggressive in their attempts to sell tea. I have visited on two occasions and both times I was harassed the entire time by different staff members.     Oh and don't me started on the prices.  They markup items about 400%... yes 400%!!! higher than competitors.  They hope that their harassment will make you cave and pay such prices  Check out Souvia in Phoneix or a site like UptonTeas.com instead, unless you enjoy anxiety and being ripped off.
1 Welcome to Teavana the up sell capitol. I have been to this store at least six times and its always the same.  I hate being pushed for sales. They all have the same spiel.   I feel like I am dealing with used car salesmen. I just got back from buying 8 0z of tea.  I stood waiting in line for 35 minutes for a transaction that took less than 3min. If the tea wasn't so good I would never go back. The entire time I was in line they never made eye contact, never asked me if they could help, it was only at the 30 minute mark when my daughter asked if we could just go that they finally paid any attention.  Perhaps I wasn't dressed well enough for them to think I was worth paying attention to. That seems typical of most shops at Kierland.  If you aren't dressed to the max it must mean you don't have the kind of money the salespeople are looking for. I finally received a half hearted were sorry for the wait after I paid $55.00 for my tea. I can buy the same type of tea online through Stash tea and have it delivered to my door. My advice save your time and money. Order online.
1 I left with a baaaaad taste in my mouth and it had nothing to do with the tea.  The tea itself was very tasty - but because of the sales push, I never want to set foot in that store again.  It was the tea store equivalent of a car dealership.  Every step of the way was a battle against the sales pitch.  All I wanted to do was buy some tea.  Yet, I found myself having to say no repeatedly, deal with the salesperson's manipulative speech and attitude because I didn't do what she wanted...it was very unpleasant and annoying.  I was so put off by it, that had I not already promised my daughter that we would get the tea, I would have just said "Forget it!" and left.  I see that you can buy online but you know what?  I don't even want to do that now.  I don't want to buy anything from them because that just supports their nasty, manipulative approach.
4 The tea is absolutely phenomenal! Wonderful aromas, dried fruits and some amazingly unique flavors like the Java Mate' and Raspberry Lemon Riot, make Teavana a great place to buy amazing tea.   Great quality tea has a higher price. This is nothing like what you buy in little boxes and steep by the cup. The flavors are bold, smooth and delicious. When you break down the price per drink by the ounces of tea you buy, it is still less than $1 a cup and much cheaper than Starbucks with a supremely better quality than Tazo teas.  However, just like others have said, the sales push is incredible. If you have the ability to be firm and know what you do and don't want and what your budget is, then head on in. Otherwise, a great option is to purchase from their internet site and avoid the high-pressure sales tactics.
3 Ahhhmazing teas but pricey and they come with quite the sales spiel to bring home the whole store. The teas are gorgeous and amazing tasting. The flavored teas you can buy from the grocery store don't even begin to compare. The flavors are so nuanced and strong  without being bitter or sickly. Sometimes flavored teas make my stomach hurt but I don't have that problem with Teavana's. Also they are pretty enough to be displayed and they smell heavenly.   I bought some bulk teas to take home. The earl grey creme smelled intoxicatingly good and is very pretty. The amandine tea smells even better and is also very pretty. If you like the flavor of marzipan, you must get the amandine! I thought the raw teas were really pricey but you can get 4 big pots of tea out of the 2 oz bag (the minimum amount). I got talked into getting a cup of something they were sampling, and my mouth dropped a bit when I found out it was $6. Six dollars for a cup of tea to go is pricey but it was  one of the best tea I've ever had.   The lady who was helping me tried to sell me everything - an airtight tin, special sugar, another strainer, a teapot, etc. What could have been a lovely trip to a special tea store ended up being sort of exhausting and I just wanted to get out of there. Teavana is a wonderful place to get tea for a special occasion or to treat yourself, just be prepared to say a lot of no-thank-yous.
1 Let me start by saying the tea is awesome.  BUT....  I really do not like their pushy employees.  They are bad, and I have been in a couple of times now and had the same experience. The employees will try to upsell you on everything, tea tins, tea pots, everything in the store.  As I was purchasing expensive tea the sales guy asked if I wanted a sample.  Then I was charged $4 for a cup of tea.  THAT IS NOT A SAMPLE!!!!!!!!
1 Where to begin?  I came here yesterday to purchase a cup of tea, but what I encountered was a high pressured sales experience!  Recently I noticed that Starbucks bought Teavana and I decide to give it a try.  Teavana is located across the street from my office in Kierland. I went inside and asked about their Rooibos or other white teas.  It was too late in the day for a Oolong and I wanted something light.    When we lived in Seattle, I use to enjoy stopping at Peet's Coffee & Teas in Fremont. http://www.yelp.com/biz/peets-coffee-and-tea-seattle-2 Their selection was outstanding and I had high hopes for Teavana.  I vaguely remember hearing stories of the hard sell employed here.  Sadly, they were all true.  I came in and asked if they sold hot tea, or were they strictly a bulk outlet. No, I was told they did both.  Great!  I asked if they carried any Rooibos, or other white teas and I was shown some strong black teas and Oolongs.  "Danger Will Robinson", I thought.  I corrected the salesperson and said I wanted something lighter, that didn't have as much caffeine.   Well, this went on for a while, but I finally purchased a Grande size cup of one of their teas for $5.45. It took ten minutes, after several false started.  As I was leaving, I tasted a samplers outside and decided to get some tea for home.  The tea I like, Samurai Chai Maté wasn't sold in a bag and  I was informed that I needed to purchase one of their tins for $7.00!  Hmm, okay I thought.  I asked for a small amount to take home.  They filled the tin and I was told that would be $56.00. I said empty half the can and then it was $34.00. So I asked how much was it an ounce and was told $6.30.  In the end, I paid $19.53 for 3.1 oz and along with my $7.00 tin including taxes it came to $27.57.  I've skipped the blow by blow dialogue. In sales, these tactics are called the "Assumptive Close". It's where the salesperson, assumes you want the largest amount, or a fully loaded car, er tea -- until they are corrected. It can be exasperating and somewhat annoying.  In the future, I'll pass and stick to Starbucks. I never thought I would ever say that!
2 I wanted to get a small bag or two of loose leaf herbal tea to add to my mom's mother's day gift (a teapot.)  I had walked by Teavana in the past, and figured that I would go inside for once!  I glanced at the Yelp entry on my phone, saw the low star rating, and figured that everybody was probably complaining about the prices.  I know that loose specialty teas are expensive, and that for the uninitiated, those prices can be shocking and off-putting.  I walked up to the store and was greeted before I even entered.  I told the employee my mission, sampled a few teas, and then made my selection.  I was then treated to the most high pressure sales pitch I've encountered in a long time.  It was what my husband and I always call "upsell hell."  It turned out my selected tea (from samples) was actually two teas, so I had to buy both to get the flavor I wanted.  I then had to say no to a sampler pack, a thermometer, three types of specialty tins, a gift pack, a timer, tea to go, and more.  When I finally convinced the lady that I just wanted a small bag containing 2oz of each of the teas I had selected, she filled each bag with nearly 3oz and rang me up before I noticed.  I was in such a hurry I just paid and left, but I regret not making her take tea out until it actually weighed 2oz.    The teas do smell wonderful, and I think my mom will be happy with them, but they've lost me as a customer.  I hope the extra $8 they made by going over weight on my teas was worth it.
1 The employees here are absolutely crazy and overly pushy. No matter how good the tea is (and it's amazing), I will never go here again.
1 Great location, very nice displays, but and here is the big but, they are so pushy I don't even like to walk past!!  Do I hear an Amen??  So after scooting past on the other side of the street for months, I thought I would go in and by a teapot.  Now, I have been a retailer for many years and I was always quite capable of handling the power sell, but they must've caught me off my game.  First, if you appear at all interested in the tea they are sampling on the street, before you know they have portioned of af canister of it for you.  The canister is a 1 lb canister!  Now if they are serving a blend, then you need two teas.  I kept her removing teas from the two canisters but I still went home with more tea than I would ever drink for the rest of my life!!  Long story short, I had to return the tea I did purchase, to the tune of 160.00!  What a pain in the butt!!  Also, what do they do with the returned tea???  Do they throw it out, thus the high prices or do they put it back to resell??  Either way, I will never go back.  It ruined my day, which otherwise was, as usual in Scottsdale, perfection!!  Go in at your own risk...armed for battle!!
1 I was not wanting to spend any money today -- I was just walking around Kierland Commons, when a nice young man offered me a delicious tea sample.  I thought, why not buy some tea?  I wasn't told any of the prices beyond "50 cents a cup." $65 for a pound of tea?  Really?  I was in shock but things were moving so fast that I staggered out of there $215 later thinking, if they had told me up front what the price of the tea was, I would never have entered into this transaction.  I could have bought 100 large jugs of diet peach Snapple for that price.  100!  Now I'm pissed off and unhappy, worrying about how I'm going to explain to my husband how I accidentally spent $215 on tea.  I'm glad these reviews are here so I don't feel like such an idiot.  I'll go back and return this stuff when it cools down a bit later.  Thanks, Teavana, for a disorienting and stressful experience.  Your company sucks!
1 Well, it's worse than I thought.  One of the teas ended up being over $100 a pound!  And even though I immediately returned everything, the money has not shown back up on our credit card account.  The charge is there; the return is not.  What a lousy way to do business.
5 I recently visited this Teavana and thought the store was great.  When I'm in the Scottsdale area I normally go to the Fashion Square location but was lunching at True Food (which was also great) across the street and wanted my favorite iced drink quickly before I headed to the airport. The employees were incredibly friendly and knowledgeable about the teas...I was trying to put together a 3 tea mix that w a variation of my usual and they were very helpful and sweet.  The store was squeaky clean and organized.  Awesome vibe. Sure, the tea and accessories are on the pricier side and the teapots and stuff are more than likely well over priced...but they do have great sales and although corporate and I'm not about supporting all things corporate at all, I do have a love affair with their teas and products.   I have visited a wide variety of Teavana stores simply to grab an iced tea to go.  I know they're owned by Starbucks now but their selection surpasses anything Starbucks can make you (without coffee, of course) and its healthier.  The possibilities are endless...I've had cinnamon bun tea mixes, chocolate donut, banana split...the list goes on.  I've even converted my coffeeholic mother to a tea drinker with their tasty blends and mates. Visiting this Teavana was a very positive experience and I will def. return when in AZ.
4 I was so glad to see it was in Fashion Square because I was tired of walking around there. I stopped to get a sample of their tea and I was hooked. I think I hung around quite a bit to drink as much Free tea that I could. I had a group of kids with me though and they were following in suit. I asked questions about the tea and what to put it in. They gave me a lot of information. I informed them I was going to order tea online when I got back home so they were pushy on me and I didn't want to stay in the store to long because there were a lot of breakables in there. Over all it was cool in a nice petite setting.
3 If this review were just of the tea, it would be 5 stars. Unfortunately the tea is a small part of the process. It starts with a free sample which leads to a trip into the store. Identifying the tea is easy but that is what another reviewer calls "upsell hell" begins. You can't buy tea and put it in a plastic bag. Special containers are needed. Strainer, teapot, teacups, and so it goes. It isn't our susceptibility, a friend spent twice as much. It isn't this store, my sister had a similar experience in Seattle. The tea is good but I am afraid to go near the place.
3 The upside: Really impressive and well-blended tea, bursting with flavor. Beautiful teapots and accessories. Technically awesome and sleek-looking brewing products. Great fresh- brewed samples of several blends of teas.  The downside: Nice tea is really expensive - like $12 for 2oz on average. They say you can re-brew 3-6 times, depending on the type but filling a canister can cost like $70. Extremely pushy staff. They're always trying to sell you fancy brewing equipment, weighing a little more tea than you asked for (at $6/oz, that's a big difference), and just generally acting insistent beyond the norm.  We have a few favorite teas but stopping in to stock up can be a hassle.
