3 Finally, a pancake place to fill the gap left by The Original Pancake House after they left the Hilldale area.
3 It's an IHOP. You're not getting five star dining here.  But what you will get is friendly, hospitable service with decent (albeit a little overpriced) food.  When the server found out I was graduating today, he brought over a free slice of chocolate cake he paid for. I thought it was a really, really sweet gesture and guaranteed my vote to tell people to go there, if nothing else for the good service.
1 Took over 8 mins for server to come greet us. Not even 75% of tables full. My fiancé ordered the pancake platter, and I ordered bacon wrapped sirloin ($7 special) and some crepes. After a modest wait, the crepes came to the table, and the lady that delivered them (different from server) asked if we wanted another plate, or if my fiancé was going to have anything. I felt so embarrassed by that. I'm a pretty big guy, and when she looked at me when she said that, she looked disgusted. Apparently this happened because our server put this on a separate ticket, and not with our meals.  So, when our meals came out soon after, we breathed a sigh of relief because I was worried that my fiancé's brunch was not coming. So, we dug in, and started eating. The eggs were not over medium... they were over easy... My sirloin steaks were ordered to be medium rare, and came well done. One was actually cooked so long it was dry. I told our server, and she replied "ok, I'll let them know" and walked away to another table. I then stopped a manager, told him about it, and he said they could take them back and cook new ones. I said "great! and please bring my fiancé some butter for her pancakes".  Well, second try on the medium rare steaks came... one was well done, and the other was just over medium well. Also, the butter I had asked for was no where to be seen. So I just decided to choke them down. Not to mention, while my drink glass was empty, several people came by our table to deliver food, or to check on us, and not one asked if I'd like a refill.  Yeah, this place is an IHOP. You're not going there to expect fine dining... but if you want Sunday Brunch, they better be able to deliver it! The IHOP in Wausau, WI would run circles around these people. We went to the location in Wausau many times with not one mistake, nor any type of bad service.  There is only one good thing I can say about this dining experience -- Thank you for the excellently buttered toast!
1 No communication, no management, no hospitality, no common sense. A madhouse filled with disappointment.   Don't bother with the horrible service. Me and my boyfriend arrived around 1130 sat morning. We were seated immediately. It took quite a while for anyone to great us after that. One lady took our drink order, and left. Another lady tried to take our drink order, but we said someone had already helped us. Lady one came back with our beverages, as lady two showed up at our table again. With drinks in front of us, she looked us dead in the eyes and asked us what we would like to drink. We both looked at her surprised, but she shook it off as an accident, so I gave her the benefit of the doubt.   After two rounds of refills were consumed, the waitress told us our food was coming right out. Another 30 mins later, four people had been seated afterwards, and they had all gotten their orders, and we had still yet to have ours.   We left, without eating, ignored, and dissatisfied. I don't recommend that place to anyone.
5 My husband and I have become frequent customers of the IHOP on University Ave., we go there on Wednesday or Thursday nights. Our food is always very good and hot, the staff is very friendly  and the restaurant is very clean.  My favorite is the Sirloin Tips Dinner, yummy!!!
1 Terrible, terrible, terrible.  We were seated right away, but then another 10 minutes passed before someone came over to take our order.  The waitress said she was busy training someone.  I just LOVE excuses.  There were only about 5 or 6 other tables with customers.  I ordered the Jack, Cheddar and Bacon Potatoes while my wife ordered the Simple & Fit Whole Wheat Waffle with Blueberries.  Over a half hour later our food arrived.  Seriously.  A half hour.  The server places the plates down and says, "Can I get you anything else?"  I look down at my plate and see he didn't even bring out the pancakes that come with my meal.  I told him I was missing them and he went to retrieve them.  He comes back and sets them down and says, "Anything else?"  By this time, I'm getting cranky.  I said, "Yeah, maple syrup would be nice."  He goes and gets it.  We dig in.  My eggs weren't over easy, they were scrambled, but I'm done complaining at this point and just want to eat and leave.  The eggs were cold.  The pancakes were cold.  My wife's waffle, blueberries and eggs were cold.  The only thing that was warm were my potatoes.  I am assuming they waited to bring everything out until the potatoes were done.  I finished my drink, ate the rest of the food and waited.  Nobody stopped by the ENTIRE time after we were served the food.  We went to the front counter to pay (nobody brought us a check).  My wife mentioned to the cashier that our meal was basically a disaster.  We were told that we should have said something during the meal.  I told her, "Nobody stopped by the entire time we were eating so I'm not sure who we should have told".  I mean, the empty glass of soda should have given them a clue that they should stop by.  I'm not going to chase down a waitress to get service.  That's not why I go into a sit-down restaurant.  Needless to say, they did not get any tip whatsoever.  I will say this: the Jack, Cheddar and Bacon Potatoes were actually good.  Everything else was terrible.  Never going back there.  The other reviewer was right - just go down to Perkins about a mile down the road if you have a craving for this type of food.
3 It's IHOP - I have eaten once at this location but have ordered take out  for breakfast many times.  Breakfast is breakfast not bad if you don't want to cook.  Take out orders are packed in nice take out trays.  Today I picked up dinner. Ordered basic cheeseburger with fries for my sweetie and I had the BLT with onion rings.Side of loaded baked potato soup Here's our take:  I live on the Isthmus so I had a hot/cold bag to keep the dishes warm. Worked - plates arrived warm/hot.  Cheeseburger wasn't bad, fries average. BLT wasn't too bad, onion rings were really good .  Bakes potato soup - blah! yuk! will never order that again.  Service - hostess was nice as always. I phoned in the order.  Was told it would take about 10 minutes, waited 15/20 with I got there.  Will be taking this location into consideration if I pick up breakfast of dinner again.
3 It is what it is-- sorta like a Dennys but centered on pancakes!  Went with my kid and his friend after Crazylegs on a late Saturday morning and of course it fit the bill for them.  Not very busy, friendly service (both our waitress and the manager).  Mediocre coffee but they stick a whole pot on the table so you're good to go.  Had some whole grain w/ nuts pancakes that were pretty good.  Not sure when my scrambled eggs were cooked though or if they were just waaay overcooked.  But since it was after an 8k I ate them, so I guess they weren't that bad.  If you're looking for a quick, easy, and relatively cheap place to take the kids for breakfast you can't go wrong.  Not sure why you would go here for anything else.
4 "Reached in his pocket took all his cash Left my man standing with an egg moustache Suckers they come a dime a dozen And when I say dozen you know what I'm talking about boyee" - "Egg Man" by the Beastie Boys  I read a lot of IHOP hate in the reviews.  Based on my numerous visits for a fast, cheap and calorie-laden breakfast, I respectfully disagree.    The service is solid.  I never had to wait long to get seated and waitresses (not being sexist, just never had a waiter there) have always made their first visit within 2-3 minutes regardless of how busy the restaurant is (it's usually pretty busy).  Breakfast is always great.  I would NEVER consider going to IHOP for any meal that did not involve eggs and/or pancakes.  It just doesn't make any sense.   They have a wide variety of omelets.  Since I am taking an egg beater to my calorie counter, I go for the Colorado Omelet. It is loaded with bacon, sausage, shredded beef, ham, onions and green peppers and cheddar.  For reasons unknown to me, I checked the nutritional information... YIKES Total Calories: 1110  Calories from Fat: 730 Cholesterol: 910mg  Add three pancakes and syrup to that -- it's a day's worth of calories.    *Segue Alert*  The pancakes... YES!  I've had the following: - Buttermilk - Chocolate Chip - Red Velvet - Cinn-A-Stack - Pumpkin Spice (seasonal)  Yesterday was my 1st pumpkin spice adventure.  I was concerned that the pancake would be overwhelmed with "pumpkin spice" and it would taste like potpourri was dumped into the pancake batter.  It was not the case at all.  IHOP did it perfectly.  There was a pumpkin flavor and the spice was subtle and incredibly flavorful with the spiced whipped cream and a syrup.  It was my favorite pancake I had there.  Even though I was completely stuffed after the omelet, I HAD to completely stuff down the rest of the pumpkin deliciousness!   My other experiences with their pancakes were nearly as good except for red velvet and Cinn-A-Stack.  The red velvet was okay, but it was a little drier and less conducive to syrup because of the cocoa in the batter.  The 1st bite of a Cinn-A-Stack is amazing with the whip cream, cream cheese icing and cinnamon roll filling, but it is TOO d%^& sweet and heavy after more than a couple bites -- it's so heavy and sweet it gets nauseating very quickly.  With all that aside, enjoy IHOP and appreciate it for what it is... a semi-busy budget breakfast chain with fun and delicious pancakes plus good omelets. The service and consistency of this location is better than most IHOP locations I've dined.
4 This IHop is actually fairly decent and I don't see why it gets so many negative reviews. My wife and I came here one Sunday and it was jam packed full and the wait was about 10-15 minutes. Anyways, we waited and were seated promptly. It is a little bit small in terms of space, but overall the service and food were excellent. The manager even came by to chat with us on how the food was and we also explained to him that it was great and everything was going well. There must be quite a few people who come here often simply because there were numerous tables who were excited to see our waitress and chatted with her.
