3 Indian food in North Scottsdale. Yea! Same corner as Mastro's and Walgreen's.  I'm looking to go again, and see if they rate another star, after the start up issues dissolve. I ordered Garlic Naam bread and Chicken Tika Masala. Both very good and nicely presented. Prices are reasonable, for this neighborhood. Only open for dinner, and no weekend buffet is planned yet.
4 We were at the park behind Mastro's with the twins.  We decided to walk around this plaza to check out if there were any new places.  We saw this new Indian/Pakistani restaurant.  It looked really nice and I was not sure I wanted to subject them to my twins.  They are not bad, however they are two years old after all.  They were very nice and accommodating.  They were even gracious enough to remove the tablecloth.  My baby girl thinks she is a magician or something because she wants to pull tablecloths all the time.  We placed one order of Chicken Pakora for the twins.  I was not sure they would eat. Well, they gobbled it all up in seconds.  I couldn't believe it, so we placed a second order.  We also had the regular Naan and the Aloo Naan, both very yummy.  I had the samosas and my husband had the chicken karachi, very tasty.  We will be back it was a great experience.  I am so happy I don't have to travel miles and miles to find a great indian restaurant.
4 Nice people, great food.  A really nice white linen place.  Loved the chicken karachi, naan, samosas, chicken pakora.  Wife had a lovely red, I had a nice premium margarita.
1 Good food... worst service on earth.   Staff has no idea what is in their food.   Manager argued when we got bill with multiple errors.   Too bad we will never go back because of horible experience because food was pretty good.  Walked out shaking our heads at how poorly trained the staff is.
4 Went to this place on a Friday night.  It is relatively new so there weren't alot of people there but a decent enough crowd.  Decor was more like generic Italian restaurant than Indian, but again it's new.  The food was great.  Good Indian food in North Scottsdale - finally!!  We had the Lamb tandoori and Chicken curry and both were excellent.  Along with the garlic naan we ate every bite.  The wine list was a bit short and unimaginative, and you couldn't really order side dishes of many things like paneer and such, but perhaps these will evolve.  We'll definately be back!!
4 Excellent Indian food, very fresh and subtley spiced and cooked, much better than most. Relaxed and upscale atmosphere, pretty busy on a Wed night, highly recommended
5 Went there last night with a group. Everyone really liked the food and the service was excellent. We shared 5 different dishes. The lamb masala was particularly good, as was the tandoor chicken tikka.  This is the best Indian food we have found in the valley (our group has been to many Indian restaurants in England, Canada and elsewhere). The decor is a little plain, but is clean and new.
4 Second try for AL Hamra and again we really liked it.  Great flavors, lots of spice.  I'd agree with a previous poster that there is alot of sauce for a relatively small amount of meet, but the sauce is soooo good all you need is a little more rice or naan and you are good to go!  This time tried the samoas - deep fried so not my favorite, like the m baked better.  Also the Lamb Byrini was just OK, the rice was  a little greasy for my taste.  However the chicken curry and Paneer tilkka masala were spot on and very delicious.  Plus some ofhte best garlic naan I've ever had.  We'll definately go backand it is nice to have some good ethnic alternatives in the far North Valley.
4 Nice meal and good service
4 Very good Indian food.  This is what Scottsdale is lacking.  Slightly pricey and they charge for some of the extras you get for free at other Indian restaurants.  But overall very very good.  Highly recommended.
5 I have been twice. The first time was during their pre-grand opening and the food was good. I went back again last week. The food was fantastic. I eat home cooked indian vegetarian food couple times a week so I'm picky. The vegi dishes were twice as good as any other indian place in AZ. The price is higher, but reasonable for the location. The roti and naan is also very good.
4 Was just in AZ for vacation with my mom and went here after purchasing a restaurant.com gift certificate. We thoroughly enjoyed it.   Location seems off the beaten path-at least for us tourists staying in north phoenix. Definitely hard to find in the dark- thank God for gps!   We went on a Sunday night- place was fairly dead. I think there were only 2 other tables dining while we were there. It is a fairly large restaurant-esp for being in a shopping center.   We ordered the samosas, regular naan, chicken Lorna for me and coconut chicken for my mom. The samosas and naan were the best I had ever had. The naan was super light, fluffy and warm. The samosas had a nice crunchy outside- not soggy and chewy like at a lot of other Indian restaurants. The chicken was cooked perfectly- very tender and sauce had a lot of flavor. I've dined at several Indian restaurants (in Boston primarily) and this was my favorite. My mom had only had Indian once before (with me in Boston) and she didn't care for it so she was hesitant to try it again but she really liked it. Although neither of us were starving when we got there, I still think the portions were enough for 2 meals.   Our waitress was quiet and shy to start but warmed up after awhile. We ended up really liking her- she was quite friendly. I don't recall her name but she was from Serbia.   Would definitely recommend this place.
5 Fabulous food! I had the chicken tikka masala and my mom had the lamb korma.  I went "not so hungry" but cleaned my whole plate! Service was very friendly. We took the take out menus home, as this would be a perfect alternative to the usual rotisserie chicken or chinese take out!
4 North Scottsdale has needed a good Indian restaurant since I moved here twelve years ago.  My wife and I dined at Al Hamra a couple of days ago and can report that our demand has at last been met.    Seeing a vindaloo on the menu had me correctly guess that the chef had arrived in the USA via Britain, which has a long history of Indian cuisine.  We started with samosas after which I had the lamb vindaloo and my wife tried the chicken korma, all very good.  For dessert, we were presented with a complimentary rice pudding, also good.  Prices are in line with the location - expect to pay a bit more here in the pricey North Scottsdale location.  Decor was a bit nondescript - really very little Indian character and in my opinion needs a bit more attention to set the tone of the place.
3 Nearly full restaurant on my visit.  Very polite service.  They take their heat seriously, as the mint chutney was a solid 7 on a scale of 1-10.  Saag and Chana Masala were flavorful and good portions.  Plain Naan is the winner on the bread menu, for price and taste.  Didn't care for the garlic naan so much.  Restaurant is tucked behind two other restaurants, a Lamp Pizza place and a Bistro.  Easy to miss.  Prices are insanely steep and beyond the norm for this area.  Entrees include "premium" rice.    Dinner only.
4 Friendly service and comfortable setting.  Hasn't been crowded on any of our three visits during past month.  Consistently good food and value for the price.   We appreciate the diversity it has helped add to the Pinnacle Peak restaurant scene.  We will keep coming back.
4 Great high-end indian restaurant in the Phoenix / Scottsdale area.  Expect to pay more for the location.  Order the tandoori chicken and anything vindaloo.  Dishes are pricey but good.  Service is great especially from the cute eastern european waitress (?).  Stay away if you are really hungry and on a budget.
1 I learned to love Indian when I loved in London for 10 years.  This place is a train wreck.  It is ABV:   Appallingly Bad Value.  Over  priced ( they even charge for papadoms!), horriible service and decidedly marginal food.    We were a party of three.  Only two other tables were occupied when we arrived, although it was almost full when we left.  45 minutes after we ordered the waitress brought our rice.  5 minutes  later, the first entree arrived; ten minutes later, the second arrived: 5 minutes later, the third!    I ordered lamb vindaloo.  Now vindaloo, by definition, when authentic, is so hot it will take off the top of your head.  But I get it; this is Arizona, were veal is exotic, and so I was not surprised to be asked how spicy I wanted it, on a 1 to 10 scale.  I asked for 8.  The dish I got was a "1" at best.  No spice at all!  the rest of the food was mediocre as well.  and this place is expensive.  Caveat emptor.
5 We have been looking for a good Indian restaurant in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  Thus far we have been disappointed at the quality.  Al Hamra was a complete delight.  Lovely, simple, clean decor.  Polite service.  AND the food was delish.  So often I find Indian food is swimming in oil.  We had an eggplant curry and a chana massala and both were wonderful.  Their papadum and naan (especially) were wonderful.  If you are vegan or vegetarian and want a NICE meal, I would highly recommend this restaurant.  They can make your food spicey or mild.  And, if you have meat-eating friends there are many, many excellent selections.  So nice to eat in a civilized restaurant that offers tasty, well-prepared food at reasonable prices.
5 Delightful restaurant!  Had the lamb sagg (4.5 heat) and my daughter had the chicken tiki marsala (6 heat). We both enjoyed the selection and appreciated the free appetizer with sauce (7 heat) to know how to gauge the heat index. The garlic naan was outstanding! And our server was friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back!!
3 Oh Al Hamra, i love your chicken tikka masala and naan like no other. The service is wonderful and the decor delightful, and the wine list extensive, but please....forbthe love of god....play some music.  It is so quite in there that the other patrons discussions, clear across the room seem loud and distracting.  They need music to create ambience and privacy. Its almost akward.
4 Great food here.  I will say its a little pricey but I guess on par for the location.  I will defiantly be back.
4 I've been to this place twice now, and it does not disappoint. Everything I've had (mostly the lamb dishes) has been incredibly tasty and tender.   The staff at Al Hamra are very nice and attentive. They make good recommendations and don't hover over you as you eat. The decor is nice. Fairly standard, but not down-market by any means, after all, it is in a decent area surrounded by high-income rooftops.   The only problem I have is I wish more people would go. I've only been on weeknights so I can't speak to the (hopefully busy) weekend crowd, but this place could use a couple more people discovering it and becoming loyal customers. It is pricey, which may be a result of the location, but it's better than most other Indian places I've been.   Give it a shot and you won't be disappointed.
5 That really good Indian restaurant in the Phoenix area has eluded us - we've tried at least 10 that were supposed to be "it". So this time no one recommended Al Hamra - it's just been on my way home for as along as it's been open. It was worth stopping - very good lamb vindaloo (spice level 7 - packing some heat) and a variety of other dishes that we tried. My wife liked the samosa but I was thinking 'so so'. All in all the chef has a fine touch and the food is very solid and well above average, although a bit pricey (as you might expect for the location). Most of the recommendations by others seem spot on. Recommended.
2 Stoped by on Sunday night, only two tables in the place- bad sign. Harried & fustrated waitress- ordered a beer- out of stock, second choise out of stock asked for Chutney out of stock, ordered lamb kebob out of stock! I am seeing a trend here....  Had three entrees they were ok- I really wish there was a great indian place in Scottsdale- any recommendations?  give Al Ham ra a skip
5 My boyfriend and I frequent this little Indian restaraunt often.  The wait staff is always  super helpful when we want to try new items and are all very kind.  Try their Fish Coconut we can't get enough of it!!  Their Naan with chicken is also a crowd favorite.
3 This  is hands down one of the nicer looking Indian restaurants in the city. Located in a very upscale part of town , it keeps up by having very good ambience and very professional service. All this comes at a price. Literally. This is also one of the priciest Indian restaurants in the city. The food by that standard not the most amazing i have ever eaten. The food is satisfactory though. I had the lamb biryani and the chicken makhani which were both done good. So come here for a fancy night out when you are prepared to pay more for a decent meal.  If , however, all you are craving for is good old indian cuisine and do not want to burn a hole in your pocket, there are plenty of other alternatives in the city.
4 Easily our fave Indian joint in town, deep rooted spices, never disappointed with any of the curries, samosas are divine and naan done right. A must try for all Indian cuisine lovers!
2 Palak Paneer and Benghan Bartha were wayyy too salty for anyone's taste. Not sure if it was MSG or salt but it left us feeling a little ill after dinner and we could barely eat any of it.  The garlic naan was delicious and the rice was good. The waitress seemed hurried and not as hospitable as one would expect.
4 This is a great restaurant and I don't understand why it isn't busier. The location is great being just off of Pinnacle Peak and Pima Rd. Unlike many Indian restaurants the decor, crystal, plates, silverware are really nice and elegant. They have lovely indoor and outdoor dining options.  The cuisine is simply outstanding. The quality of the sauces, meats, vegetables is top notch. Our waitress was delightful and the owner/manager came to our table and he was very nice and knowledgeable about his cuisine and Indian cuisine in general.  This place has to catch on because I get the feeling that if it started getting packed, it would be one of the more popular restaurants in Northern Scottsdale. We will be regulars.
2 Disappointed on Valentine's Day, what a bummer.  Have been wanting to try this place for a year, we drive by it on the way home every day.  My wife found a Groupon deal, so we bought, followed the Groupon instructions (M-Th only), only to be told after our meal that they would not honor the Groupon.  Aside from the Groupon mess, the service was extremely slow.  The food, while tasty, was way overpriced for what we've found elsewhere in Phoenix.  Restaurant is nice enough, tablecloths, good silverware, and our waiter was working really hard.  Unfortunately, there were way too many tables trying to be served by one guy.  I won't mention alternatives here, but we have found a wonderful, affordable vegetarian Indian restaurant in town. $15 for a vegetable curry dish is a bit much, even if it is N Scottsdale.  Maybe it was because of Valentine's Day, but no Indian families in the place.  The other place we love is always full of Indian families. Kinda tells me something...
2 Horrible service! We had to wait 40 minutes for the waiter to acknowledge us. The food is ok
4 We had dinner here the other night and really enjoyed ourselves.  The food was very good and the service was excellent.    Have not had much luck with Indian restaurant.  This was a very welcome surprise.
4 We eat here pretty regularly -- the food is consistently good and there are a good variety of options covering many regional dishes, including many great vegetarian options as you would expect for Indian fare.  I've been to India and Indian enclaves throughout Asia, and the food is consistent with the real thing.  The heat/spiciness is also consistent with how they serve it in India (i.e. hot is HOT) -- they ask for your your heat preference, so for your first visit you may want to dial it back a notch from what you might normally request locally.  The place is big and clean and bright, but as others note there's not a ton of character.  Service is friendly, and we come enough that they recognize us and welcome us back.  As some have noted it can be a bit slow at times (not always), but I think it's consistent with the food being prepped fresh to order.
1 Full disclosure: I was born and raised in the sub-continent so my expectations are quite different from the average Joe who's view of authentic Mexican food isTaco Bell or of authentic Italian pizza is Pizza Hut. I provide these qualifications because my comments may be from a very different perspective. For American Indian food it's okay. For the real old country food it deserves no more than a 1 star. S that's the story.
5 We just returned from dining at Al Hamra with friends and had to comment on the great meal and service we had.  Mario, our waiter, was knowledgeable and friendly.  Our orders came promptly and all were excellent.  We ordered the samosas and onion paneer for appetizers.  We had the shrimp vindaloo, the chicken with coconut, the chicken curry and the eggplant dish along with aloo naan and mango chutney.  All had the right amount of spice as ordered and were tender and very tasty.  It's been several years since we dined at Al Hamra but we will definitely go back.
4 No lack of flavors at this restaurant.  The naan was some of the best I've ever had.  Other notables were the Bhindi Masala, Palak Paneer, and Aloo Ghobi. The Tandoori meats were delicious. All items are cooked to your spice level, we chose four and that was plenty.  Halfway through dinner, I shifted into sport-eating mode and got myself one helluva tummy ache on the drive home, it was that good.  I'm paying for it today.  Well, not really.  My wife is.
5 Lamb Korma and garlic Naan were the best I have ever tried! Food has it is unique flavor and by far, the best indian food I ever had.
5 Superb Mughal classics, served with great style in a gentle and relaxing atmosphere.  Great wine list, too, which Indian restaurants often lack.  Prices are higher than most neighborhood curry houses, but the quality of the ingredients is definitely worth the splurge if you truly love this cuisine.  A great place!
5 This place was fantastic! We had great service. The waiter was very helpful and friendly. He made great recommendations too. I had the lamb vindaloo and my husband had the chicken tiki masala. Both were very tasty. We will be returning soon.
3 The food here is great, very authentic.  The service however is horrible.  Two of us ate here on a Saturday night, there were only two other tables and two waitresses, they both should be working somewhere else, preferably where they don't have contact with other people, their skills were really lacking for a hospitality business.
5 I hadn't had Indian food in years and a group of us decided to make it our ethnic food choice for our get together.  I read the yelp reviews and we all went.  I can tell you it was all everyone said and more! The food, the friendly service and the very nice restaurant owner made our experience one to remember! The Chicken tiki masala, Samosas, lamb vindaloo and everything else was full of flavor and delicious! The Naan was to due for too. This is a place to put on your favorites list!
3 Al Hamra is a nice Indian food restaurant.  That sounds like a pretty basic statement but that's kind of the point.  My experience was not remotely bad nor was it remarkable.  Our waitress was attentive and friendly and I would give it four stars if it wasn't for the fact that one of the dishes we ordered was a lamb dish that was overcooked, but I took them home for leftovers and it was oddly better.    We got Chicken Tikka Masala, Garlic Naan, and Lamb chops.  Chicken Tikka was exactly as I hoped and the Garlic Naan was perfect.  It was flavorful and on par with what Ive had at other establishments closer to home.   I wouldn't order the lamb chops again but id order curry dishes without any hesitation and be confident that they are good.  The lamb chops however as i said previously were overcooked.    If you are in the area than I would recommend trying it out.  Its a great looking place with great staff but unfortunately is hidden in the mastros complex so deep that its more word of mouth than anything else.  You certainly wouldn't drive by and know its there.  It is however absolutely worth trying if you have a craving for Indian food.
