5 I just fell in love... I've never tried hookah before but after hanging out with old friend at this place I'm sold.. The staff is amazing they are friendly and make you feel like your family oh also lets not forget the Tvs, Music and Wii that's all I needed for a spot to chill.. This is a must visit..
5 This place is one of the cleanest I've seen in Arizona   Hookah establishments need to have visual stimulation! This place has got it down for sure! Hanging over the couches are flat screens showing some awesome visuals. the owners greet and meet everyone- made me feel comfortable    I hope we can talk in the future so i can bring my trip hop music and perform live   i wish the drink selection had more to offer but its decent
5 This place is amazing! The owners,regulars, and hookah are fabulous! There is always fun music and interesting visuals on. That you can never get bored. Hookahs are delicious and they know how to mix sheesha. I love this place I highly recommend this place for some chill friendly hookah smoking. You won't regret it!
5 This place is awesome , so i just had to post. The wait staff are friendly and attentive. They go above and beyond to make you comfortable and feel like a 'regular'. Some guy named Ramie I think. Me and my fiancé have come here a few times and they always have something going on like karaoke, Wii game contests with hookah prizes or happy hour specials.  The hookah smoking is legit too. They know how to pack a hookah bowl so it lasts long and they use quality "fantasia" tobacco. Not like other places in AZ that use the cheap stuff and pack it so sloppy it burns away too quick.  The atmosphere is cool. TV's everywhere with pics of Nat Geo art , psychedelic designs or even sexy girls. "BOOBIES Yay!!!" and the music is cool too. These guys get that not everyone wants to listen to music in Arabic all the time.( love ethnic music- just that much cooler with the modern tunes) The times that we've been here the crowd was people of all ages, nationalities and styles so it made the joint a true melting pot with a positive vibe. Thank you White Cloud for providing a fresh-chill hangout in a town that is so stale, we will for sure come back here when we come back to AZ.
5 This place is amazing.  I met one of the owners and he was the nicest people I have met in AZ.  Truly sociable and a man who knows his stuff.  I am highly impressed with this establishment and with the owners.  The hookahs are just so well done.  The staff is STELLAR!!!!
5 By far, my favorite hookah spot in the area! They only use the best quality shisha, fantasia. It's the only stuff I use in my personal hookah. On top of that, the prices are awesome! If you like them on facebook, you get the hook up on when the deals are going on. Sometimes its kareoke, other times its college/military night when a one hose hookah is $8. Thats a sweet deal and I totally love it!!   Everybody's really helpful and totally chill here too. Couldn't ask for better customer service.
5 Best hookah bar in town! Owners and staff are always friendly and accommodating! Have been to most hookah bars in the east valley and I won't bring my business anywhere else.
4 Service was excellent. I'm not up on all the terminology but the guy that refills the coals came around quiet often to ash our coals for us and add new coals as needed. I don't go to hookah bars too often but I have been to a few in the valley and have been to plenty where you end up fidgeting around trying to ash your own coals and I didn't have to get up once here thanks to the excellent service. The hookah was smooth too and never really got harsh like every other hookah I've ever been too.   Reading some of the other reviews I was almost disappointed there was only awesome art playing on the screens and no Lewd women but then someone in the back said "Bring up the girls!" and the lewd women appeared on the screen. Yes I was there with my wife and no she was not offended.   My only complaint is the seating isn't the traditional on the floor seating which I prefer. The seating here is like booths with no tables which kind of leaves you awkwardly staring at the people in front of you. It would have been uncomfortable I think if I had taken a larger group but since it was just my wife and I we curled up and watched the lewd women on on the TV screen. Crowd is a little young as to be expected from Hookah bars early (8pm - 11pm) on a weekend day of mainly 18 - 20 that can't get into a 'real' bar.   There wasn't really any decor. There was flat screen TVs on the wall that played music videos, art, and the above mentioned lewd women. I usually find that places like this seem to want to promote art and this seemed to fit that profile displaying tons of digital art and photography on some of the screens. My issue is that unless the artist had watermarked or stamped their logo/signature/name on it there was no credit given to the artist. Not that I have any pieces that are good enough to run on their walls, but what would my incentive as an artist walking in to even say "Hey can I submit one of my works to be displayed?" So it goes from promoting art to just displaying art because you want to make your business look good just my opinion.
3 This place was okay.  Location was kind of sketchy.  We arrived late... in the middle of karaoke during some strange rap battle   What??  I'm typically not a huge fan of Mesa but I thought I'd give it a chance.  It was super loud, seemed to house a high school type crowd.  The flavors were on point... although we kept getting a little residual mint flavor which, to me, is the worst when you just want something fruity.  I'm not super picky so whatever.  Smoke hit well.  The guy was attentive with the coals.  By closing time, some girl passed out in the corner.  Drunk?  Who knows... she literally slumped over and they didn't do much about it.   Weird.  All in all, I liked the whole karaoke thing with hookah... this place is a little trashy but it didn't bother me much.  I'd come here again if there weren't any other options open.
5 This was my first time going to a hookah bar and it was really fun. Its a chill place and all the people are really nice. The flavors of tobacco they had were also amazing:)
5 Love the assortment of flavors. The openness makes it very comfortable to sit back and relax. Staff is not only friendly but knowledgable about what they carry.   I would stop in every time I'm in Az.
5 This place is incredible. They're open all day and the staff is awesome. I've been to several hookah bars across the valley and this is by far my favorite. They have a wide variety of flavors of tobacco to satisfy any preference. The owners Ramie and Sammy are always on top of things and always make sure that everyone, regulars or new customers, are taken care of. I make sure to bring all my friends here!
5 Perfect place to relax with top notch hookah. Great owners, awesome staff. Wouldnt go anywhere else.
5 I have been at many Hookah bars in Arizona, California and so far, White Cloud Hookah in Mesa, Arizona is by far my favorite! The owners are very nice and know how to treat their customers. Their products are amazing and the atmosphere is perfect to relax and really enjoy your time.   I travel to the Phoenix area weekly and White Cloud Hookah is a must stop. I always suggest my friends to go try it out and experience great flavors and great company!
1 This place is terrible!   When we first went there one of the employees was screaming at his girlfriend right in front of the entrance.   If you're immature and still in high school, this place is for you. It's sketchy as hell, and there's a lot of pot smoking. The flavors for the hookah is mediocre, I've had better (cheaper)  hookah. They also  have bs rules set in place when smoking hookah. We went to buy some of their shisha and everything was overpriced. If you want to smoke hookah it's 13 bucks for a one hose, 5 bucks for refills, and 2 dollars for water (prices for other drinks were higher). In the middle of our session one of the workers seemed high. He ended up slipping and spilling coals everywhere. I would not recommend this place to anyone, the only thing they were good about were turning the coals or replacing it if needed.
5 I haven't tried the hookah here yet (but I'm sure I will soon) but this is went to buy another vape! I bought my first one at their location in Tempe and loved the awesome prices and customer service! I came back the next day to buy my boyfriend one too. They have awesome products with unbeatable prices. The guys that work here are awesome and super helpful. They really try to get you the best deal with trying to rip you off. I'm a super happy customer and won't be going anywhere else from now on!
5 Hookah bars in AZ are very different than what I'm used to from WI, but this is the best one here by far!  The staff is so friendly and always come up with great new flavors to try.  They always have an upbeat happy atmosphere (especially karaoke night!). It's a great place to chill and smoke great hookah! I highly recommend this hookah lounge if you are in Mesa!
5 Went in not knowing what to expect... Having just moved to mesa I was going to smoke shops to get my vapors but with my tank having issues I needed to find a vapor store. This place is great! The owner and employees were very helpful, they have a great selection of juices and are completely knowledgeable about what they sell. They are open late so someone who works 2nd shift like I do can still come in after work. They have a reward program, buy 9 get your 10th juice for free. I plan on buying all my juices from there from now on
5 White Cloud Hookah is the only hookah bar I will go to in the valley. I've been to the rest, but after going in simply to try out the competition, it has become the only place I'll go. The staff is friendly and great at packing the hookah and tending the coals, and the owners are fantastic- super helpful and able to answer any question I have. They stock a fair amount of e-pens/mods, pipes, and hookah equipment in shop, however they also own a smoke shop near the corner of Apache and McClintock that carries anything I ever need. Went in there just a few nights ago and got hooked up with a sweet e-pen for a deal better than anywhere else I've seen around my house. White Cloud is definitely the place to go for anything smoke related.
5 White cloud is my favorite hookah lounge! The hookah always tastes great, the price is great, and they have several employees around to refresh your coals. They also have an awesome e-cig case and lots of juice to choose from.
5 I've been to quite a few hookah places and none have come close to providing the experience I have at White Cloud. From the moment you walk in you're greeted with genuine friendliness, regardless of if you're a first time customer, or a regular. The tobacco selection is second to none, and if you ever have any questions or concerns they are more than happy to help you out. I never go more than 10 minutes before someone checks in just to make sure everything is up to par. I am a regular and will continue to be one because of how awesome the overall experience is here every time I visit.
