4 My all time favorite place for ice cream growing up was DQ but they ended up closing down the one back home so haven't been to one in a while. It had a different feel then the typical old school diner DQ I remember, having a little more stylish update look. the chicken strip basket was pretty good not better then raising canes or chickenbonz but did the spot and was plenty filling.  As for the ice cream treats like the dilly bars, DQ sandwiches a bit smaller then I remember and now premade and boxed up. Where was the big white DQ bag with each individually wrapped frozen treats? I guess its good, customers don't have to wait for them to be made but that's what separated them from store bought ice cream  Anyways they still have the blizzards, sundaes, dipped cones, and banana splits.  Don't forget the waffle bowls. The workers at this location was pretty friendly and let's us stay until we finished even though they were closed.   If you go online and sign up for the blizzard fan club they always offer buy one get one free for blizzards.  Never tried an Orange Julius before so i'll try it next time
4 Summer + Ice cream = a happy person. I live for this frozen treat throughout most of the year, but it only intensifies in the hotter months. A Blizzard is a soft serve with the consistency of concrete. With a flavor for everybody, not finding one to meet your taste would be more difficult.  Two of my classic favorites are the mint Oreo and the Reese's peanut buttercup. Look no further with these two items on the menu.   The only complaint is how slow the drive thru is.
1 I signed up for the 2 for 1 blizzard with their reward app, then they didn't honor it because they were out of stamps, bunch of kids here, horrible service , also saw two dead crickets in corner of dinning area.  If it wasn't such a pain, I'd contact DQ corporate about the bugs and cleanliness  Of this rainbow DQ,  I'm disappointed, no sorry from manager or anything about not being able to honor the 2 for 1 special, this is no way to run a biz.
