5 I've been going to Dr. Donna Miller's office since June 2010 and I love her.  Her office is located in St. Rose San Martin office very close to me in the SW.  Her staff is great, always pleasant and get my husband and I in/out with all our questions asked.  Appointments are easy to get me in and I never have to wait too long.  She is very hands on and I would recommend for any ladies on the SW looking.
2 I liked Dr. Miller very much but have found everything else so difficult  That I have been forced to find another doctor.  She performed a uterine ablation in May 2011 and 5 weeks later while traveling I had such severe bleeding and pain That I had to go to the ER.  My hemoglobin level continued to drop and despite the ER's repeated and unsuccessful attempt to contact the doctor that Saturday, I had to be admitted. The doctor assigned to my case also called repeatedly to her office, but to no avail despite talking to the answering service repeatedly. The doctor on call apparently refused to be bothered. My husband was furious! When Monday came around, I talked to her office again and told them about the dr. On call not being available. I was referred to a case manager who stated that it was the ERs fault as they could have stopped the bleeding if they wanted to and they weren't doing their job! I calmly explained it was the Dr. on call who wasn't doing his job! I told her I wanted to arrange for a hysterectomy since the ablation was a bust.  She passed me to a woman named Claudia, who was very pleasant and we chatted pleasantly while she informed me that the computer was down. She took my number and promised to call me back promptly. That was over a month ago and I assume their computers are still down since I have yet to hear from her.      I need a doctor's office with more competence.
1 Never Never Never again! Waited 5 months to see Dr. Miller because of her busy schedule. Waited in the waiting room for 2 hours and then they said that Dr. Miller had to leave on an emergency. I understand that she had to leave on an emergency but my complaint is that when the staff told me she left I asked when I can see her next and they told me that I had to call the scheduling number for an appointment. I explained that scheduling would only give me an appointment 5 months out again and why they would not try to give me an appointment sooner since I was the victim here and why I would have to wait almost a year to see a doctor. My point is that of Dr. Miller had to leave on an emergency the staff should have been nicer about trying to get me in  even if it was in a month BUT they did not and funny how they did not even apologize for my waste of 5 months waiting period!!!!!
5 Great experience with Dr. Donna Miller's office.  Always get me in quickly and never wait very long.  Staff is always pleasant and cheerful.  Changing appt times easy and no hastles... Dr. Miller is very patient and easy to talk to... makes you feel at ease and comfortable. Looking forward to baby.....:-)
1 Called her office to try and get in to see her after I think I miscarried over Labor Day weekend and they couldn't get me in for 4 days!  They didn't care about me as a patient or my situation which I consider to be a pretty high priority.  Thanks a lot to that office!
5 I should have gone here first!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Waiting area clean and unexpectedly stylish.  2nd floor to the right of the elevators.  Staff checked me in fast. I had pre-filled out the new patient paperwork. Was mailed to me when I called to setup the appt.  Dr Donna miller took the time to talk to my husband and I. I explained my previous gyno experiences, results, frustration, etc. she took her time answering every question we had, making suggestions along the way. She has a great sense of humor, especially when my husband would get squirmy lol  Because I had a bad reaction to clomid, she recommended I see a fertility specialist. I should have gone here first... Thinking back to the other offices I had been to (Women's Specialty Group and Southwest Medical Assoc.), she knew what she was talking about and didn't hesitate on answering my questions. Whereas the previous Doctors at the other offices seemed to be pulling answers out of thin air.
