5 Had our air ducts cleaned, as well as the dryer vent. Were on time, professional, and did a great job. Did not try to upsell, which was a huge plus! I honestly feel like I was breathing better the first night. I had very bad allergies from cats, and feel like my breathing has greatly improved. Would highly recommend!
5 I agree with the other reviews - on time, professional, didn't haggle me into something else and very nice.  I HIGHLY recommend.  I have used others in the past and compared to those, these guys are amazing in every way!  Great price too.
5 When you read the word HONEST, it is for real!  This is an honest guy trying to do the best he can.  When they come out, they do the job you asked for at a very HONEST price.  You don't feel like you are getting hustled or that there is a dishonest bone in either Jeff or Branden's body.  I didn't know there were people like this in business anymore.  The owner even came out, at another time, to look at a problem I was having.  He took his own time, 2 hours, to try to help me fix the issue.  The lady in the office even made a few calls to try to schedule him to come out and help.  I never even had to call to ask.  Their customer service is superb!  The lady in the office is so professional and makes every effort to be thorough and helpful.  Jeff is the man who came to clean and he not only did an excellent job, he also helped me with our vac-system.  He is a clean-cut young man who is very kind and someone you would want in your home.   Read all of the reviews.  We all are saying the same thing.  You know what to expect if you call this company to clean your ducts.  They truly are HONEST!
5 I emailed Honest Air through their website, and got a call back from Brandon, the owner, within a couple of hours.  He described the process, answered my questions, and gave me a price.  Since I have a smaller home with only a few vents, he told me I would most likely be charged his minimum rate.  We set up an appointment, but a few days before the appointment, my work scheduled changed and I had to re-schedule.  Brandon was very understanding and quickly re-scheduled me for the next week.  On the day of the appointment, Brandon was on-time and professional.  He counted the vents before he started and let me know what the price was going to be.  I have 6 ducts and the intake register.  Brandon was in and out of the house in a little over an hour.  The vents were clean, and he gave me an idea of their condition when he was done.  Overall, Brandon was super-responsive, didn't try to up-charge or sell me any thing, and I would highly recommend him.
5 I called a couple of different companies that promoted their Air Duct Cleaning -- after doing my research I settled On Honest Air Duct Cleaning. Brandon, the owner of the company, called me back immediately -- answered my questions and booked my appointment. On the day of my duct cleaning -- he called me 30 mins prior to my appointment to let me know he was on his way. When he got to my home -- he counted my ducts and gave me an estimate prior to beginning. His prices are VERY reasonable and didn't try to up-sell me. In fact, I think other companies up-sell to do services that brandon uses in his regular maintenance. He was in and out in about 1.5 hours -- and that's cleaning about 15 vents, my air return and my dryer vent. I'll definitely use Honest Air Duct Cleaning again!
5 We needed to get our air ducts cleaned, and I had no idea where to start. I actually found Honest Air Duct Cleaning here on yelp, and I just had to add my positive experience to the other ones listed. Like others who have posted, I sent them an email and Brandon got back to me very quickly. Their pricing is straightforward and very reasonable.   We scheduled the appointment for Friday afternoon from 3-5. Brandon emailed me around 2:00 and told me that they were running late because they had some complications with a previous client, and that they could still be there or I could reschedule. This was huge for me. I really appreciated that they didn't keep me waiting around all afternoon. We rescheduled for the following week, and I had my afternoon back.  The day of the appointment, the technician arrived on time. He was super clean, and very respectful of my floors, walls and furniture. He was very careful with his ladder, and when he made a mess (duct cleaning can be messy) he cleaned it all up. I'm a bit of a clean freak, and I had no issues dirt anywhere when they were done.  The whole appointment took about 2 hours, and I was very happy with the results.  One minor point that I want to mention. They spray a sanitizer in the vents, and they warn you that your house is going to smell like a dentist's office for about half an hour. The smell is pretty strong. It's not a bad smell, but it's kind of medicinal. I could still smell it an hour later. However, we just opened some windows and it was gone soon enough.  If you need to get your air ducts cleaned, these guys are great.
5 Amazing experience!  I knew my vents were in rough shape and needed a cleaning.  I found Honest Air on Yelp after searching the BBB reviews for some of the duct cleaning companies on Groupon.  After seeing all the reveiws I didnt mind paying more to have such a reliable company come and clean my vents, and to be perfectly honest it wasnt that much more then the Groupon Deals. Honest Air was on time, thorough  and quick.  I didnt know what to expect but I surely didnt expect to have two tennis balls rolling around in my duct work.   I was very pleased with the service and would use them again as well as recommend them to anyone looking.
5 I made a call to Honest Air Duct Cleaning and they were forward with pricing and process information. $10 per air duct (min. 10) and a $10 trip charge. Very simple.  They were available to come out within a few days, so I booked them. The tech was on time, clean and friendly. He did the job in about 1.5-2 hours.  The air ducts are clean and the process was simple and painless.
5 Surpassed my expectations. The previous 5-star reviews pushed me to hire these guys--actually this guy--Lance. He did more than I hoped for, and he gave me great advice on how to maintain the A/C and filters. I'd hire Lance again many times--if only my air vents needed that much cleaning--.
5 I contacted Honest Air after my remodel of my house. I had never had my ducts cleaned and was not sure what to expect. The process was explained over the phone and I booked with them.  It made so much sense I had them do my daughter's home as well.  The technician was on time, professional, and very personable. Due to conflicting schedules I asked to reschedule my daughter's cleaning to another day and within 5 minutes the schedule was changed, no issue, no extra charge.  That appointment his customer service was the same.  I was impressed.  The reviews here helped me so now my turn to help the next customer!
5 What a great company! I have been seeing many offers through Groupon for air duct cleaning but was pretty nervous after reading horrible reviews about being ripped off. I found Honest Air Duct Cleaning here on Yelp and I am so glad I did. Our house is so dusty and I have terrible allergies, so I figured it was time to give air duct cleaning a try. The appointment was easy to make and they arrived in the time frame I was given over the phone. The man who did the duct cleaning was honest and nice. He went above and beyond; giving me tips for air filter choices and pointing all vents in the direction for optimal air flow. Our air ducts are now totally clean and he didn't leave any type of dusty mess behind. I would definitely recommend this company - especially because their pricing is easy to understand and reasonable.
5 There is reason that Honest Air Duct Cleaning has all 5 Star ratings... Exceptionally courteous and they did a great job!
5 A great business and experience! They were very open and honest about what the costs would be, no hidden fees etc. I was impressed that they were able to get us scheduled for the day and time we wanted, which is rare due to our hectic schedule. The service was amazing, the tech spent almost 2 hours at our house, and was great about showing us what he was doing, and making suggestions / pointers on how we could make improvements going forward. Thanks again for a great cleaning!
1 Emailed them and left a message requesting return contact for service.  Never heard back from them.  They must not want my money.
5 Branden, the owner, came over to my house and did a fantastic job.  I live with my uncle and we both suffer from breathing issues.  It is like night and day in our house thanks to the superb job Branden did for us.  His prices are unbeatable, his service was fantastic, and we extremely friendly.  Wouldn't hesitate to call him again!
5 Excellent job!  On time. Super thorough.  Efficient. Friendly. All the five star ratings below are legit.  I've noticed a drastic reduction in dust around the house too.
5 Honest Air Duct Cleaning is no doubt a 5 star rated company! Lance was courteous, professional and fantastic. The price that I was quoted over the phone is the price that I was charged. Although that may be the expectation of most, after having a terrible experience with a different air duct company, the honesty and integrity of Honest Air Duct was greatly appreciated. I would highly recommend Lance @ Honest Air Duct Cleaning to everyone!
5 After looking at air duct cleaning deals on groupon and living social, I noticed that everyone that has used those services complained of a really hard upsell and poor quality of work.  I opted to look for a different company that would clean the air ducts and dryer vent and would be upfront about their prices.  That search brought me to honest air duct.  They were very accommodating with my schedule (willing to come after 5 pm) and are very upfront about the costs.  $10 per vent, $35 for the dryer, and a slight travel charge.  The cleaning process took a bit over 2 hours and lance did a great job; going out of his way to make sure all the air vents were properly positioned and the house was maximizing airflow.  There was no upsell and lance was very professional.  I'm glad I decided to pay a little more to make sure the job was done right.  I would recommend this service to my friends and family.
5 Easy to schedule, on time, and extremely reasonably priced!  They were less expensive than they originally quoted.  That never happens.  Thank you Chris for doing such a great job!  We will definitely use them again in the future!
5 Emailed them this morning about their services- We just bought a house and wanted to get the ductwork & ac checked out. Got a call 2 hours later directing me to another company that can do everything I need.  I just wanted to share how impressed I was that not only did they respond promptly, but they directed me to another company instead of just say "sorry, can't help you." Very good business!
5 Great job! Showed up on time, was very personable and easy to communicate with. When Chris was done 2 hours later the house felt and smelled great. In the process I got to do some spring cleaning like dusting under the couches,beds and other places that I wouldn't normally clean. Thanks Chris for the great job of cleaning our air ducts and dryer vent. I would recommend Honest Air Duct Cleaning to anyone who has allergies to animal dander or pollen to get their AC system cleaned.
5 I recently relocated to Phoenix, and the apartment that I moved into housed a cat (I'm allergic) for a significant number of years. I didn't think to ask if the owner lived with a cat given that animals were strictly forbidden in my lease. Well, a week after not being to spend over 10 consecutive minutes in the apartment due to all the dander,  I was able to determine that my allergies due the invisible animal residing in my home (who btw... didn't pay rent or bills) where getting the best of me.   I immediately called Honest Air Duct Cleaning (due to the Yelp reviews), and received a callback less than 2 hours later. I scheduled an appointment and not only did Chris show up on time, but he was very knowledgeable and personable.   Overall, the price that Honest Air Duct Cleaning charged was extremely resonable given the service that they provide.  I would recommend Honest Air Duct Cleaning to anyone who has allergies to animal dander without any reservations.
5 I chose this company due to the Yelp reviews and I am glad I did.  It has been a week now since i had my air ducts cleaned. I am very happy I did it and the service provided by Honest Air Duct Cleaning was as advertised, honest. Pricing was excellent and outlined up front-no surprises.  I also opted to have them clean my dryer vent which hadn't been done in about 2 years and man was it clogged.   The technician, Lance, arrived on time. They gave me an 11am -2pm window and he showed up around 11:10 am. Very professional and he even helped me out with my air vents not being opened all the way, now they are, which has resulted in way better air flow in my house.   I have noticed a difference with the dust not accumulating as much and way clearer breathing, especially when waking up in the morning.  I will use them again and would recommend this company.
5 Honest Air Duct Cleaning quoted us the lowest price so we chose them and I am so happy we did. When Lance (?) came out to clean the air ducts we had someone over giving us a quote for remolding. Lance took us aside and said he never would want to lose business but he suggested that we waited until after remolding to have our vents cleaned since they would need to be re cleaned afterwards from all the dust and debris. I was surprised at the honesty, we still ended up having our vents cleaned since my allergies were so bad. They did an awesome job!
5 Lance is phenomenal.  He arrived on time (actually a few mins early), was super friendly & very efficient.  Thanks lance!  We'll definitely be using your services in the future!
5 Chris just cleaned out my air ducts and dryer vent. He even went the extra mile and put in a sanitizer. I have bad allergies, and feel like I can breathe now! He also fixed a few minor things around my house that I needed help with. This company is great and very honest. Don't hesitate to call them. They showed up on time and were very easy to deal with. Thanks Chris!
5 Well, all of the Yelp reviews are spot on.  Incredible service, showed up on time and actually spent another hour and half more than normal to take care of the cleaning since it probably hadn't been done in 3 decades.  Our system now blows probably 25% more efficient then it did before the cleaning...thank you!!
5 Lance with Honest Air Duct Cleaning was amazing!  Knowledgeable and friendly.  Came to the house on a Sunday at no extra charge!  He provided straight forward answers to my questions and helped my resolve some air duct / A/C issues.  I highly recommend Honest Air Duct Cleaning!
5 We just moved to Chandler AZ, from Cleveland Ohio, and I have to say that the service that Chris from Honest Air Duct Cleaning was amazing. Not only did he clean all of of air ducts, but gave us some great tips and advice on our vents.  Thank you Chris, your company is a 5 ***** star with our family and friends!    Gil Lopez.
