2 My wife returned a book that she ordered from Wal-Mart online.  She had the receipt and everything she needed for the return.  However when it was scanned in, even though the item was clearly marked on the receipt, the computer did not understand it and kept saying her book wasn't on the receipt.  It took over 15 minutes for a manager to come over and solve the problem.  You'd think a manager would be posted by the returns counter, by alas no, that would be logical.  Oh, and I don't know about just Wal-Marts in general, but there never seems to be any hot water in the bathrooms at the front of the store.
4 Really like this walmart to all the others
4 Over all this has to be one of the better Walmarts I have been in. Store always seems clean, staff seems nice. No complaints!
1 I hate this Walmart and I've never even been to it.  The pharmacy's number is one digit off from mine. There is not a day that goes by that I don't get a call from a senior citizen who JINKIES! forgot their glasses when they were dialing the phone. That or the idea of using a telephone is just too absurd... They'd really prefer writing a letter by the light of a candle. In other words... They're all old and I'm quite annoyed.  Oh, and the idea of me changing my number is preposterous. I got my phone number five year ago, and the calls didn't start until three years ago. Therefore, they were 2nd place in scoring such an awesome combination of numbers.
1 Everything about this company sucks. Walmart treats their customers and employees horribly, I mean HORRIBLY! They destroy the communities in which they sit. I'm done, never shopping here again, I don't care how cheap something might be, there is a high cost to low prices afterall...
3 Pretty clean overall. Good selection, but produce and meats are just barely average. Customer Service is just OK. Nothing special here.
1 It's walmart, I only go here when I have to. otherwise, I shop at target.
1 Skip this location.. They are always out of everything!!! You never realize that's not the norm until you go to the better Walmarts... Yes we r missing out by going to this one.
