4 I work down the street so i went to check out the hot dogs when i was given a flier the previous day.  I was really craving a chili dog so i tried that one.  It comes with onions which i always like.  The chili was a little too oily? greasy?  I would have loved it if it had beans with it.  It wasn't and am going to try the Mexi dog next time.  There is outside seating which is where i ate my dog.  It was very nice outside. They sell coke products which was a plus but they are in cans.  They are on the backside of Kanpai, so you can't easily see them.
3 This place is hard to find. It's off of Mill Ave, by MadCap Theatres, behind a sushi joint. It just opened a few weeks ago, but they're going to need to put some signs out near the street to draw some more people in, if theyre going to make it.  Now, if you do make it in, you're in for a simple treat. There are no frills, whatsoever with this place. You get decent service in a totally mundane storefront but the food is good. The chili dogs are simple, simple, simple. Just a classic bun, dog and chili.   But, even though it looks like nothing special or unique, it's one of the best chili dogs that I've had in Arizona!  It beats Ted's and Dave's Doghouse in the chili department, in my book.  Other than that, the fries were good but nothing special and they only serve sodas in a can ($1.25 a can, kind of expensive).   I'd say, give this place a try, eat outside or take it to go, get the chili dog, you won't regret it!
4 We were out-of-town visitors wandering around Mill St. late morning.  We probably would not have found Dog Town had we not decided to check out the big Christmas tree erected across from their store. The store is tucked away at the back of the building, not visible from Mill St. A sign in front of the store indicated they serve breakfast. We both had a breakfast burrito and agreed that it was very good, although one of us found it a little salty.  The burritos contained ample portion of scrambled egg with bacon bits and seasonings on a big flour taco. A tasty salsa was available. Hit the spot for us.
2 I've been here a number of times. I just keep giving it another chance to impress. It really hasn't though. The dogs are OK, just nothing special. Prices aren't too bad, but they don't really Do that much.   I used a coupon deal once, called in my order and let them know. Those hot dogs were worse than Circle K dogs. To be fair I did get delayed going to pick them up...they served them to me though.  I was excited to see that they had breakfast burritos as well, then annoyed to read that if you did not get them exactly as specified on the menu they would add a quarter. That implies they are pre-made. Why else charge for removing items, like jalapeños (specifically noted on the menu as costing $.25 to remove).  I'll probably break down and buy a burrito one day, perhaps the chef is an artist who is simply insulted at changes to the masterpiece that the burrito is!
5 Great owners, Ralph & wife know their Hebrew National quality dogs! But my favorite is the delicious breakfast burrito tucked into a handmade tortilla!
