5 SawTh[sic] Sense Christmas show for the second time last weekend.  Great show - laughed my ass off.  Thinking about going back for closing weekend...  :)
5 This troupe is obviously having a great time as they perform off-color-with-a-heart (sometimes) comedy.  Nothing is sacred as the Holidays get a swift poke in the ribs and a pinch on the cheek.  Funniest Holiday show around, please don't bring the children or a stick up your bum, or you'll be sorry.  A perfect cocktail with a valium to soothe the nerves before we face the Holiday joy just around the corner.
4 not much to say. these guys are very funny, a little raunchy, and the theatre is a dive.  not bad enough to keep me from going back though.
5 This group is awesome.  Always funny, not for the faint of heart. If you dont like off color, political, raunchy, ridiculous, awesomely funny shows dont go see them. But know that youre missing out.  Have a drink and dinner at Paisley Violin next door and then venture over to Soul Invictus for the show.
5 [Th] Sic Sense rocks my ass off.  Every show is fresh and different.  This is edgy stuff.  Go see it, you WILL laugh. HARD.
5 Listen.  Making people laugh isn't easy.  These folks do it without regard for what is or is not politically correct.  Are you easily offended?  If so, you should move on and find something safer.  If not, you're in for a treat.  While the theater may be the smallest I've ever been to, it's cozy - and you can tell that the performers put a lot of work into making it as funny as possible.  For about the price of a movie, you can see a sketch comedy show that might just make you pee your pants.  Couple of tips: 1.bring something to drink, concessions are not offered & 2. if your rear gets sore easily, bring a stadium cushion as the chairs there just aren't comfy.
4 Super cool, tiny venue for a true up close and personal theater experience.  Staff was terrific, and very informative too.  We went to Poefest.  Great time.
5 This year's Holiday Show: 'Tis The Sicness  AMAZING.  Come and check it out.  Seriously.    This may be the funniest Holiday show I've seen from these guys.  if you have a quirky/disgusting/questionable sense of humor, this show is for you!  http://www.brownpapertickets.com/event/496813
