1 Don't bother with this place...yeah, they get you in the door with low prices on furniture but once you place an order, good luck getting your merchandise when promised.   My mother bought two bar stools on 11/20/11 and was promised that they would be ready for pick up, completely assembled, by 11/30/11. When she called the store on 11/30 to find out the status, she was told that they weren't aware that she wanted two so they would have to reorder through their warehouse. Then, she had to call a week and a half later to find out where her stools were - she was told they were still at the warehouse. Needless to say, the stools were finally delivered to the store on 12/16 and when I went to pick them up, funny, they were not assembled. The manager said that they don't assemble furniture but since the salesperson said that they would be assembled, they were going to have her son do it but he had left for the day. The receipt clearly showed that there was a "transfer and assembly" charge of $20 and when I asked the manager if this could be refunded and we would just assemble them ourselves, he said no. The manager had 2001 excuses for the inconvenience. He never once apologized for the lack of communcation or his staffs' mistakes.   So...unless you can take the merchandise right off the sales floor, you are guaranteed headaches and frustration with this place!
1 I ordered a buffet from them during Memorial Day Weekend.  I was told it was in their warehouse and would take 1 -2 weeks to deliver to the Raintree location.  We didn't hear anything from them so called after 3 weeks and they said the manufacturer was still shipping.  They lied about it even being available in their warehouse and said they would call with an update.  We waited another week and then called to check on the status.  They said they talked to the warehouse manager and it was in the warehouse.  They said it would take a week to make it to the Raintree location and they would call us immediately when ready for pick up.  No call.  I called again after ten days and they still don't have it in the store. Seriously, this company lies just to get you to purchase when they don't even have the merchandise available. Do not ever purchase furniture from this company unless you can wait 6 months for delivery.
4 I love these place the logo says that all. Friendly staff and off course I got  some furniture at  reasonable prices.  i  thank my  frd  who  suggested these place to buy sectionals and bedrooms set got at reasonable price .I must says people who are looking for some good deals must visit here.. they hve huge collection .
1 Way over priced. We checked it out because someone told us you can furniture from Ashley which is true but they charge more than the Ashley furniture store. We were looking for a bar and the mega furniture store wanted double for the same bar Ashley was selling.
1 This review is for the location in Scottsdale.  Poor customer service in the store.  Sales associate had a poor attitude about answering questions related to the furniture, pricing, etc...  Acted like it was a nuisance to help.  Not coming back and not getting any of my business.  I won't be surprised if this store shuts down for lack of sales due to poor customer service skills.  I'd give it no stars except it's a required field.
1 DO NOT BUY from here. I purchased an ottoman and an end table. Two small items...didn't think I'd have an issue. They advised at time of purchase that it would be 7-10 days for them to get the furniture into their warehouse which is all the way at 51st and bell or pay $100 for delivery. Two weeks go by and no phone call to advise that my items are ready for pick-up. I tried calling and nobody ever picks up the phone or calls you back. So I decided to go into the store and they advise that one of my items is on back order for another two weeks at least. Did I mention... No phone call advising of that?! I could not wait the extra two weeks, so I asked if they could exchange for something that is in stock. They agreed to exchange which would be a difference in price of $20. They want me to pay the extra $20. I refuse! The worst customer service. I will be contacting BBB and their corporate office if I can ever get ahold of anyone. DO NOT do business here. You will wish you never did! If there was a choice for negative stars, I would choose that. What a nightmare! It has now been almost 3 weeks and I still don't have the furniture I purchased.
5 I never bought before i usually walk though the store. I went in and worked with Jeremiah a new salesman as his store manager told me. A true customer orientated salesman/designer. We did make a purchase over the weekend & would again with him. New manager seemed nice too.
1 My husband and I purchased a marble table and sectional couch (Ashley model #213) along with the 5-year warranty back in February 2011 at the Phoenix location off 35th Ave and Glendale (same company, so I thought I would share my experience with everyone). The service we received that day from Esmi, the sales lady, was mediocre, nothing amazing like it was at MOR FUNITURE. The 5-year warranty was clearly a ploy to get another $150 from my husband and I. This weekend I tried filing a claim on that couch (3 years into my 5 year warranty) and the warranty company, GBS Warranty Services, (claims are not even handled at MEGA FURNITURE) tells me my couch is NOT covered by the warranty due to the MATERIAL it is made of.  When I called MEGA FURNITURE to see what they can do about that, since we paid money for a warranty I wanted something to be done. If you notice (and have already bought something from this horrible place) ALL SALES ARE FINAL. Now I see why!! They sell cheap products (cheaply made as well as cheap in price) and are quick to take your money for a warranty that, more than likely, DOES NOT cover your product.  They CLEARLY do not believe in customer satisfaction or gaining repeat business.   I am making it my personal mission to let EVERYONE in the Valley know what they are all about as well as let them in on my own personal experience which was NOT PLEASANT.  PLEASE BE ADVISED:::: DO NOT purchase ANYTHING from here OR their WARRANTIES (they do not cover what they said it would).
1 If you're thinking of buying anything from this place,  you should read this review first. The other yelp reviews are the tip of the iceberg. When you go into this store, I'm sure you will meet a short little New Yorker who will talk your ear off. About absolutely nothing. His name is Eric (the store manager, which he will tell you over and over) He hired me there a few months ago and I made the mistake of not getting out of there immediately. Early on, I had a customer I was working with one day, and he kept coming over and badgering them. I told him they were thinking of doing financing, and he said "They don't have any money, get back on the door." Nice. He is easily the most incompetent person I've ever met, and there is a very good chance your order will be messed up in some way. I can't tell you how many upset customers I had because of him messing up something with their orders.   Not that you necessarily will care how a sales person is treated, but this guy continually berates and demeans his sales staff, not to mention how he treats customers. Why the owners put an imbecile like this in charge of an entire store baffles me. If you've purchased from him, chances are you already know he cannot even help how badly he lies about practically everything. We never knew what to expect day to day, what he would lie about, how he would treat us. This is the first time I've ever used the term 'slimeball' to describe someone, but it's just so appropriate. The owners should be embarrassed for having this nitwit working for them. Stay away, it's for the best!
1 Their rating is way too high.  Not sure how 1.5 stars is too high? Read on...  I came in since I was moving nearby and needed some furniture, and worked with a friendly and helpful salesman (thanks, Jeremiah). I feel the exact opposite about their scummy manager though, as he berated me for not purchasing a mattress because I didn't find anything I like there. I guess a $1000 purchase is not enough to tame his condescending and unpleasant attitude. After I decided to purchase a dining set and a sofa, I asked when the delivery would be. Since they charge a $100 fee, I expected them to actually fulfill it properly. (One week quote, which I was fine with)  I called in the morning the day of the delivery, and they said everything is ready. So I wait. And wait. And wait some more.  Around 7 pm, I call again to see what's going on. No one picked up at the warehouse, so I called the store that I purchased from. Apparently they must get these calls often because two times, someone "answered" but didn't say anything on the line. After finally reaching an actual person, they said their warehouse is closed and they'll contact me first thing tomorrow morning. Okay, fine. I'm ready to go outside for dinner after an entire day being confined to my apartment. Nooooo, the saleswoman says, sometimes the delivery comes as late as 9 pm, so I must continue my 'white collar prison treatment.'  Next day comes and surprise, surprise...no phone call until I once again take the initiative to find out where my furniture is.  2 wasted work days off later, I finally have my furniture set up.  At this point, I have no idea how BBB hasn't shut them down yet. No savings is worth the wasted time unless you enjoy acting like a debt collector just to get your furniture
1 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY. Before you even get into the headache of getting your furniture after you place an order you'll more than likely have to deal with the pushy, talks too much sales manager Eric. Be prepared for an uncomfortable, high pressure experience with this guy. I very regretfully (note its been about 4 months since I was in there and placed my order and STILL I HAVE NO COUCH) decided to purchase a gray sectional which consisted of 2 pieces (thats 2 non complicated pieces, simplright?) Cost about $2,000 including $100 delivery which really, I don't think is all that amazing of a deal but whatever, is it a pretty nice, comfy sofa (hindsight, I wouldn't accept a FREE couch if it meant I had to deal with these people again) was told it would be about 6 weeks. 5 in a half or so weeks go by and their ready to deliver. Here's where things REALLY go downhill, these delivery guys were AWFUL, awful, awful, be prepared to deal with some of the RUDEST, foul mouthed, totally DONT KNOW WHAT THEIR DOING delivery men. It was EXHAUSTING trying to sort out this ordeal of having my couch delivered (totally wasn't prepared for something which I had thought would be rather simple to be so horribly stressful and complicated) but I guess you get what you pay for and it just goes along with the type of company this is all together. But mind you these guys were SO awful, the front office (in which about 4 young ladies work) of my apartment complex even went out of their way to call to tell me just  how rude and inappropriate they were to them (they went in their because they couldn't find my exact apartment, of course). After it was FINALLY in my living room I need to sign off stating everything arrived the way its supposed to and in good condition etc. Well it was in good condition and this guy was STRESSING how they were running late, in a hurry and really had to go so I just signed (whatever it took so they could just go). But really didnt get a moment to just take a breath, calm down and take a good look at it till about 10 mins after they left. When i did however i quickly realized this WAS NOT THE COUCH I ORDERED, it was to an extent, correct  color, ALMOST correct configuration but It just didnt look right, to big and awkward looking in my rather small family room. I was CRUSHED, if i only knew the disaster i would encounter from that point on i would have hired someone off Craiglist to take the thing back to the store,  demanded a refund and call it a day.  Unfortunately i didnt do that.  I went in there and after i stood there while they figured out what went wrong was told they'd call me tomorrow, never once did i get an apology or anything like that. Eric calls me the next day and before he just makes everything right and GIVE ME THE COUCH I ORDERED I had to go through this rather amusing sales pitch of him trying to sell me the couch i got (obviously because it was going to cost them a bit of money to take back the couch and order me a whole new one) telling me he'd give me a $100 credit to buy something in the store if i just kept the couch i got. How they just got 'some really nice vases in' i could get with that. Haha, wow thanks Mr.generous, 1st off Im good on a 'really nice vase' and 2nd a $100 credit for furniture is like a $5 credit to nordstroms, oh thanks now i can buy a coffee. After listening to that i told him no i just want the couch i ordered (why is that so hard?) and actually I'm in dire need of a coffee table if you're looking to make up the fact of how YOUR mistake,  has enormously inconvenienced me to which his response was " I'll see what I can do". Told me it would be about 2 weeks (you'd think that getting a couch they messed up on to a now unhappy customer would be first thing on their priorities and the factory would fix their mistake before making more couches, being that I've already waited almost 6 weeks, but no). So 2  weeks go by making it 8 weeks since i placed my order and no call. At this point I'm not calling them, i decided to wait. 7 WEEKS go by from the time i went in their and notified them i received the wrong couch and they were SUPPOSED to be delivering it today and NOTHING, which inspired me if you so will to write this review. Apparently Eric has the day off but he'll be hearing from me tomorrow. What really angers me though is that this company has done NOTHING to make this situation right. Maybe I've been spoiled but normally when a company messes up they do whatever they can to make sure i become a happy customer once again, and it doesn't take much with me. NEVER have i dealt with a company that not only does nothing to try and right their wrongs but actually makes the situation FAR worse by messing up more and more. I am now an EXTREMELY unhappy and dissatisfied customer and i know this could have easily been avoided even after i received the wrong couch. I will update my review if this company does anything to try to make it up.
5 Ok I've read the other reviews and most of the issues seem to be related to delivery or some type of warranty I was never told about, just mentioned at purchase, which I would never purchase anyway. So I guess if you can pick up at the warehouse and you inspect the goods there you shouldn't have any significant issues. Eric was a pleasure to work with, maybe because we are both New Yorkers and I wouldn't put up with any bullshit regardless. Good place to get cheap Chinese furniture. Buyer be ware!
1 This place is HORRIBLE.  The sales person was not knowledgable at all... Seemed like he was just making stuff up.  We went in because of a 50% off sign... The salesmen refused to give us any discount even close to 50%.  When questioned, he told me I should learn how to read signs!  Well, on the way out we saw it again clearly stating 50% off.  I'd stay far away from this place.
1 Nice sales guy, terrible overall experience.   Don't shop here unless you have unlimited patience for delivery.  When checking on delivery time for prepaid order, bed and bedroom furniture, I had to call three times over 5 hours (speaking with them each time) just to get a call back with an estimated delivery day!  Then, when the day came, all furniture cleared from room in preparation for delivery, I call to check on actual delivery time on a Tues. to which they tell me .. it will NOT be delivered this week.  Now I have to move bedroom furniture BACK INTO THE ROOM so the young lad can sleep somewhere tonight and until Mega Furniture can figure out their delivery....  AND they pre-charged me $100 for delivery.  Chris, sorry, you're a very nice sales guy but unless the back office can figure out delivery services, your job will be difficult.
