4 Very relaxing. Experienced staff
4 This used to be Pampered Foot. I understand they changed ownership. They offer the same excellent value as PF. Easy to get an appointment and an awesome massage.
5 This place is a hidden gem in Chandler.  I was refered by a coworker and brought 3 friends my first time it was amazing $30 for an hour.  we all have gone back on a regular basis a must to go and relax...
4 I had time to go here for 30 minutes and it was $18, so the value was good as other places charge $20. I walked in and they took me right away.  My masseuse was a man and I am sorry I did not get his name. He was good, but I did not feel he applied enough pressure for my liking. Maybe I have stubborn feet? As I did not speak the language, it was hard to communicate that to him. The place was very clean and pleasant and they give you a nice cold bottle of water.  I will have to try going back again...
5 On a spur of a moment idea I decided to get a massage on a Friday afternoon.  They fit me in immediately.  The rooms were clean and quiet, the staff was very nice.  Someone else described it as a "ninja massage" which made me chuckle.  It is at that.  It's quick (the hour flew by), but very thorough.    The first time I went to one of these locations I was surprised that it wasn't just a foot massage.  Instead it is a clothes on, full body - FABULOUS!  Also, a great option here is if you bring friends, it gets cheaper.  At the time I went it was $30 / hr for one person, $55 / hr for 2, etc.  My massage therapist was quiet, and very nice.  Asked throughout the massage if the pressure was appropriate.  She did an outstanding job.  The only con - because they only have partial walls between rooms, and curtains over the doors you can hear people talking on the phone or other people in the other rooms.  Not a huge deal, but if you are expecting dark and completely silent it's not going to be here.  Overall, I'm already planning a trip for some of our "classroom moms" while our kids are in school!
5 Based on all of your reviews I went on a wimb last Sunday and I got a same day appointment with Mary and she was AWESOME!!!  WOW!  I went with a sore lower back and sore legs from a hike I did the day before.  I left and my lower back was no longer sore AT ALL!   I was surprised how much they worked on your upper body front and back, pleasantly surprised!   I just thought they worked on your feet. I do have to agree about the noise from other rooms, but I felt so good the other noise did not bother me to much! I will be going back and definitely asking for Mary!
5 Visited Kneading Feet today with a sore left foot.  I selected the 90 minute treatment. The service and 90 minutes of reflexology and massage was amazing.  Prices are extremely reasonable.  The services are provided in a very professional manner.  The facility is clean and comfortable. I will return and would recommend Kneading Feet to friends/family.
5 Wow.  So I just got home from my first "foot massage". I was very surprised at the level of service. I read reviews so I had an idea that they started with your head and arms then went to your feet. But didn't realize it was also face and then after the feet, a full back massage.  I was a little surprised when my masseuse climbed on my back, but it was well worth it! I originally came here because my feet were numb after a weekend of dancing in 6" heels in Miami - and now I don't think I will ever go to a "normal" massage place again.  I am totally hooked!
5 I have had several massages here now. Not to much to say other than a great reflexology massage - 90 mins for $45. First few times I had a guy give me the massage (can't remember his name). More recently had some massages from Amy. Well she worked very hard and managed to get me to sleep.  They can usually fit me in a fairly short notice so that's good.
1 I went to this business because I had been on my feet all morning in heels and wanted to treat myself to a nice foot massage.  I had never been to a reflexology place and thought this would be great opportunity to learn about how pressure points on the feet impact the body as a whole. Since this place only had 5 star reviews I thought it was a safe bet. Unfortunately my experience was not all that I was hoping for. The gal I got never introduced herself and was gruff and rough. She didn't speak English so giving her feedback didn't help. I got a rough foot massage with no pressure pointing or anything like that. Maybe I went in with the wrong expectations but the lady at the front desk couldn't explain things too well so I just pointed to the service and the price and she took me back. I asked to use the bathroom and found it was pretty gross. The toilet seat was up, there was water splattered all over the counter and floor and on top of that there were no paper towels to dry my hands.  Ok, I've said enough to provide fair warning.
5 Super! Amy was my masseuse absolutely wonderful, she continued to make sure the pressure she was applying was comfortable. Indeed the pressure was prefect. Definitely going back.
5 Loved this place! Went last week to revitalize my extremely tired & sore feet and it was just what I was looking for and more. I made the reservation that morning for a 3pm appointment. When I got there a few minutes before my appointment, they were already ready for me. They took me back to a huge, very comfortable, oversized chair. You can request to be in a room by yourself or if you didn't mind, you could be in a room with other customers, which I didn't mind at all. It's dark, quiet, smells good, and has really calming music playing.   The actual massage was great. My masseuse was very polite and nice as well. They do more than just your feet and adjust to the perfect amount of firmness depending on your preference.   It was just what I needed and I'll definitely be back every time I need a little rejuvenation. And $30/hour is a very decent price for what you get. Highly recommended!
5 This is my absolute favorite place!!! Every time I come to Phoenix I have to go here!!!
3 For me this was not an enjoyable experience. I'd never done reflexology and I didn't realize what I was getting into. i should have learned a bit more about what reflexology actually is. Let me explain. I went in thinking I was getting a foot massage of sorts. If reflexology is massage, it's a bit of a distant cousin in my opinion. They did the feet, plus much more. I love massages and do plenty of them, but this was much different. And actually, I would have been more open to it, but it HURT. A lot.  This feedback is intended not to give these folks a bad review--they were really very nice and professional--I just want people who've never done this sort of thing to understand that it can be pretty painful. Also, it's not just feet that they do (example: head rubs with lotion on hands, so plan to wash your hair afterward.) I had a man masseuse and my daughter had a woman. Both of us, newbies to this, thought it hurt quite a bit and was just too rough for us. I'm guessing that's the way it's supposed to be, but we were naive to the process.   Lots of 5-star reviews here, so if reflexology is your thing, this still might be a great place to go.
5 This place is really great! I have never had to wait and the massage has always been very good. Great deal for only $30 plus a tip.
