3 disclaimer: my only reason for the 3 stars is because they need to update their signage. for a store thats fairly new, i would assume their signs on the drive thru have to be up to date.  i recently moved to the blue diamond area earlier this year. when this carls jr opened, it was definitely good news! you can only eat jack in the box, in n out and mcdonalds so many times!  my boss at my internship was talking about the new chicken strips @ carls, and i HAD to try them!!!! so - we went for dinner tonight. ordered the chicken strips, chili cheese fries, criss-cut fries and a few sodas. also wanted to order their banana chocolate chip shake, but the guy said they no longer have that item. why have the sign up then?! but, he did try to sell me on a chocolate malted something or other shake.  anyway, we get home, and everything was in the bag. the chicken tenders were pretty damn good! kinda remind me of chicken crispers from chilis, but the batter wasnt as fluffy. very flavorful and juicy. chili cheese fries were ok. a little greasy and a bit too much cheese (yes, i said it. too much cheese. i love cheese, but when theres more cheese than chili thats just weird to me).  definitely will be back because its right down the street from the house. thanks carls! just...update your signage at the drive thru!
4 This Carl's Jr was just built in the area and is so great to have!   The restaurant is clean and the employees are superb. I've never had a bad customer experience here and I tend to eat at this location about once a week or so.   Yes, the food is a bit greasy, but that's what you get when you go fast food. My order, though complicated at times, is always spot-on and I never have to return for anything.   All in all, good food, great employees, and a wonderful location!
3 On par with most fast food joints. Nothing fancy but it was well kept and had friendly employees.   Carl's has a lot of big burgers and I usually end up going with the Jalapeño burger or one of their many specials. During this particular visit, they offered two Famous Stars for $5.00. That's a heck of a deal. What broke the deal for me was the $0.55 for cheese! WTF mate? So I'd end up paying basically full price for them. What gives? Needless to say I went with the jalapeño.  I'd return if in the area and I need a quick burger.
3 Gotta love Carl's Jr for when you are trying to get the kids and yourself fed in a hurry. Always good...not amazing...and consistent. Their double western bacon cheeseburger totally hit the spot today.   This location is new, clean and the employees are super nice. Overall a good experience :)
4 So here's the thing, I have not been to a Carl's Jr. in who knows how long. Primarily because I actually didn't really like the taste of their burgers. However, now that I am in a city where you have to drive everywhere, I've decided to revisit fast food. Yes I've seen fast food nation. Yes I know that it's bad for you. But c'mon, it's convenient!  This review is primarily for the item that I have been consistently ordering here: the Cranberry apple walnut salad with bleu cheese (instead of the balsamic because, really, you can only be so healthy here). Let me preface this by saying that I love salads and I would happily eat a salad for every meal if I could. This salad is a must-have. Thank God I decided to come back to Carl's, because this salad is bomb-dot-com. Like seriously. It's savory, then sweet, crunchy and delicious.   The place isn't too shabby either. It's clean and it feels fairly new. As a side, I forgot that when you order food they bring it to your table. Always keepin' it classy Carl. I can definitely appreciate that.
5 I think this is the best Carl's location in Vegas. The employees are always super polite and helpful and the restaurant is super clean. Love the new burgers they have. Great place to grab a quick bite for lunch.
4 I'm a low-carber and I love Carl's Jr. because they will literally wrap ANYTHING on their menu in lettuce. Just ask for whatever "low carb style" and they will wrap it in lettuce instead of a bun. I love that. Their six dollar burgers are tasty and their grilled chicken sandwiches, while smaller than they once were, are high quality.   I think this is the best Carl's Jr. in the chain here in Vegas. I've eaten at most of the ones in town and this one has the most consistently delicious food, friendly employees, and it is always super clean. I love dining in because the eating area is so clean and they have both Diet Dr. Pepper, Coke Zero and fresh brewed iced tea at the beverage bar -- all you can drink when you dine in.
2 Friendly staff, but stars down for quality of the food. The first time I ordered the Western with sweet potato fries, the fries were soggy. The second time I ordered the Western with sweet potato fries, the fries were cold. Never again Carl's Jr., never again.
5 Service 5/5 Cleanliness 5/5 Quality 5/5  This is the best Carls Jr location I have visited. They were patient with our family of seven and all of our coupons (totaling up to $13 saved). The sandwiches were put together well and tasted good. Of course, this is still a fast food restaurant, so don't expect gourmet, but I would place Carls at the top of the list in nation wide available fast food.   Honestly, the only thing that would make this location any better would be if it also had a Green Burrito. That's it...
4 Cleanliness is next to cleeeeeannlinesss lol... this place is kept tidy, the cashiers and managers are friendly.  They are always making sure everything is ok.  The food is ok, nothing out of this world.  But I like this place because unlike most places (Jack's, MickeyDs, or In N Out) the charbroiled taste really does it for me.     I could never give a fast food chain a 5, all honesty, fast food is not a this taste so great! type of joint, but 4 of 5 will suffice.  Place is well maintained, has fairly good food and the workers there make for real enjoyable experiences.  It's funny cause since their opening they have some workers that been there and they've befriended my dad and I.  Sometimes I'll get a, "Dude it's been a while, where have you been?  You don't like us anymore huh" greeting and so that's nice cause they know us, always trying to make for chit chat and I'm the same way... bar none best service of burger joint tbt I've come across.
4 Made a lil pit stop here to use some coupons. Great and fast service. Place was clean too.  And they weren't Jewish with the sauce condiments. They gave us alot without a fuss. Unlike cheap mcds who charges for extra sauce.
1 Horrible service in graveyard shift! Not once, not twice, not third but many times they made errors in drive thru. The moment we left the place, some things in our orders were missing. Not sure if these crews were high or just whatever kids lol
5 Homemade Biscuit Sandwiches are the BEST breakfast sandwich by far. Fresh biscuits are made by hand and are baked fresh every 12 minutes.   Their burgers are higher quality than any other fast food operation. Quality rivals and exceeds many sit down Burger Restaurants.  In a city that gets $10-$15 for Burgers this Carl's Jr is well worth the stop.
2 I truly have experienced better. The store on Marks St blows this store away in terms of service and quality of cooking.
