1 unbelievable! I went here for an ultrasound and transvaginal ultrasound ordered by my oby/gyno to confirm a PCOS diagnosis as my husband and I had been trying for over a year to get pregnant with no luck.  When I arrived I did the paperwork and sat in the over-crowded waiting room to be called back. My husband was meeting me there as well. I got called back before he got there. I asked the lady at the front to send my husband back once he arrived. Well the front desk called back to the room I was in and the technician answered the phone and her response was something like "yea,. yea, she wants her husband here, I don't UNDERSTAND why" and then hung up the phone.  It took pretty much all I had to keep myself from screaming at this woman. I wish I could have calmed myself enough to get her name. How effing rude! She had NOOOOOO clue what I had been through medically not to mention the trying to conceive part of my medical history. How dare you say you "don't understand why" I'm pretty sure it's none of your damn business and if someone ANYONE comes into your establishment requiring spousal emotional support don't question them! I'll NEVER use this facility again. Thankfully we've moved on to an RE who actually performs all my testing in his office and with his own hands.
1 I had been referred to the Queen Creek location in the beginning of my pregnancy for an ultrasound since my insurance wouldn't allow the Dr's office to perform it, and I had to go 3 times and they still were unable to get a full complete ultrasound that was to the doctors satisfaction. (they failed to get important information) so I ended up going to a completely different place and they got it all done 1 shot. Now I have to go back for a growth ultrasound and I called to make an appointment and was informed they would not be able to accommodate me and my 3 kids if I brought them! Seriously!! The lady was so rude about it, almost laughing when I told her I would have them with me, because I don't have a babysitter during the day. I canceled the appointment and will be going elsewhere again and never returning to them!
1 Usually when you walk into a business like this you are greeted. I walked in and both girls sitting at the front desk were very unprofessional and straight out rude. Never again will I come here.
1 This place is a cattle call.  I had an appt for 9am and did not leave the place until 11am.  Was not called back until 1030. Then they messed up my mammogram and want me to come back, pay them again, and have it repeated.  Could be because they rushed through it?  Even I could tell the position did not seem right and I was hardly in the machine at all but the tech said it was fine.  My doctors office even commented when that it looked like the mammogram was just poor quality.  That is Simonmeds mistake, not mine, yet I have to take off another half day from work, pay again, and go through this how many times???
3 After reading all the negative reviews here I was kinda scared to come. All in all it was a pleasant visit. I had a 7am appointment & there was 2 people ahead of me, so I can see long wait times if you have a later appointment. I was out by 7:30am.
5 I'm really surprised by the low scores as I had such a great experience.  I went to the office on Greenfield twice  - first for a mammogram and the second for additional mammogram shots and a breast ultrasound.  This was my first time having such a tests.  I never waited long, the staff was friendly and helpful, and everything was thoroughly explained to me.
1 How do you get an appointment with them, I have been on the phone twenty minutes listening to them say how great they are, then hire someone to take your phone calls!  Someone finally answered and then hung up on me.  I am so unimpressed!  Customer Service begins when I pick up the phone to call you!  Too bad we can't make an appointment on line..  I am trying again....maybe  I will survive the propaganda. 4 minutes so far...maybe just music would be better...6 minutes...finally got through, they have 30 numbers that all go to one call center...
1 So disappointed with this office. The radiologist waited 4 business days to read it. After i called to complain that they had not even read it to get it to my Dr.  After that i ordered a copy of the report and films to get a second opinion and when i went in giving them 3 days to get that done they did not have it ready. So the next week i went in they gave me the film copies...so i thought. I got home to find they did not include the report. I just called them and they said sorry we cannot fax you your report even though I was just there the day before to prove who i was. All the while i am having to find rides to get there because it is my right knee that prevents me from driving at this time. UGH!!! i usually go to EVDI and will never go to a simonmed office again! I even had another Dr. request the report and they did not send it to him.  They only made my misery worse.
1 After having my appoint at 1425 S. Greenfield cancelled twice, because the bone density machine was "down", I was re-assigned to the office on 63rd St. in Mesa.  After sitting in the lobby for an hour..yes, an hour, I was told:  1. They did not have the equipment necessary to do my mammography (diagnostic ultrasound) and 2. I would have to wait another hour for a bone density test because one of the techs was leaving early.  I was irritated.  I left and said I would go elsewhere.  My doctor wrote the order on Simon Med letterhead, but I will go elsewhere.  Simon Med makes big $$$ off of the patients and insurance company and needs to remember that we are paying customers.  I would not return to any other business that treated me this way.  I wish I could give NO stars but Yelp won't let me.
5 After checking in here today, I read the reviews and I'm really surprised. The nurses at Simon Med were very polite & prompt with getting my son & I in. We were a walk in also. And within 30 minutes we were finished! We got the Xray results same day as well. I'm thinking they have really weeded out the problem nurses, and brought in some new nurses since all of the bad reviews. If not, then they've stepped up their game quite a bit. I'd definitely go back here if in fact there ever is a need to in the future.
1 Nothing but negative experiences with this place. DO NOT GO TO THEM!!!  When my doctor referred them, it took a full 30 minutes to make the appointment by phone at the S. Val Vista office in Gilbert. Then when I went to the appointment, it took them nearly 30 minutes to tell me that the technician for my ultrasound was not at this location! I was asked to go to another location about 7 miles away. I then got the ultrasound. A day later, called the main office to complain and they transferred me to a regional manager named Andrea. She was apologetic and she said she would talk to the office and send me a gas card for my troubles. It's been 3 weeks and no gas card.  THIS PLACE IS A SHAM!!!
2 Went here today for my yearly mammo.  There were 2 girls at the front desk, one was helping a lady and there were 3 of us in line, I was first in the line. The other girl was busy on her computer, did not look up and acknowledge me, so after standing there for 5 minutes I asked her was she doing check in also---she raised her hand and said I'll be with you soon.  kind of rudely.  no smile.  then when she was finished with whatever she was doing----she looked at me and said "yes?".    Her name was Stephanie Z.     She needs to learn how to greet people.  I have encountered this rudeness at the front desk at this facility every time I go.   Think I will have to find a new facilitiy.  The mammo girl in the back was wonderful.  Its always that front desk.  No smile, no personality, no facial expressions.  Come on if you're dealing with the public you need to be able to greet folks!!!
1 I see the necessity for poor reviews, 30 minutes after my appointment time, arrived 15 minutes early (dumb me) to hear another patient ask when he's going back and the front office states casually we're running 45 minutes behind - that's quite a news flash thanks for your concern for my personal time, because sitting in a waiting room for diagnostic mammograms is everybodys favorite thing to do on Friday! Get it together people.. I have enough time to start this review hope your patient care is worth the wait..  Still waiting an hour later, sadly my review started at 3 stars..  Update: 1.5 hours late,  here 2.5 hours and still haven't seen the doctor.. What a racket they have running. Pure pathetic customer service. The staff is wonderful but this is possibly the worst organized office on the planet, there is no way that this is acceptable business practice.  Finally saw the ultrasound tech who claims to have looked for me before, umm no you haven't you we're going to the break room the three times I saw you walk past me.. Or wait was it when I had to repeat images in the mamo room? Do you people not talk to each other  at all??  Total time spent over 3 hours.. Not happy with this offices or the practices of the snide Snots that work there, next time ladies recall you're in the service industry and people getting life altering tests performed deserve some flippn compassion.
1 LONG LONG WAITS, also expect to be told to be there excessively early, if you object expect an attitude, lobby standing room only
5 I had an appointment at 4:30p.  I arrived at 4:25p to find about 20 people in the waiting area.  There were a few others in front of me at the check-in desk but I still only had to wait about a minute to be helped.  By 4:30p I was in the back getting my test done.  Friendly - yes Efficient - yes Positive experience -yes  Note:  they allow walk-ins for X-rays and possibly other tests so that may be the cause of several poor reviews.
