5 I recently used Dan Beach to finance a new FHA purchase and during these tough times he was able to get me financed when many others could not. In fact, I am self employed and most could not even understand my tax returns and Dan was the only one that got back to me within 48 hours after he said he would. After using Dan I referred him to a close friend of mine that is a business owner as well and he was able to get him financed as well with the very best rates that were offered at the time. Thank you so much Dan for your great work.
1 Buyer beware.  My recent experience with VIP is one of poor customer service.  The SR Lender never bothered to call me back or follow up with an email.  I left a message with a supervisor.  She also never took the time to respond to my complaint.  There are many other mortgage companies to pick from so stay clear of VIP.
5 I know Kellie James here and she is a very good mortgage officer with great results. I've had nothing but good experiences with her. They are locally here to help and will hold your hand the whole way.
5 Do not use a big bank to finance your home, instead call Kellie James and she will show you what honesty and excellent customer service is. Going through the loan process is very scary. Kellie puts things in easy to understand terms and gives true answers not false hope. I highly recommend Kellie when you are ready to finance your dream home.
5 My husband and I used Kellie James to get the mortgage on our first house and she was wonderful! Being first time home owners she took the time to educate us and answer all of our questions thoroughly. She definitely knows her stuff. We would highly recommended Kellie and VIP Mortgage to anyone looking to purchase a house or refinance.
5 Kellie James is the best loan officer I've ever worked with, and I've worked with a lot. I will only use her, and she always does a great job!
5 Frank Presciado at VIP Mortgage is great and I would highly recommend him to anyone interested in purchasing/refinancing a home!
1 I worked with Matt Anderson about a year ago to get a mortgage. I was honest from the beginning about my finances, I held nothing back. He gave me a prequal letter so I could look for house. I find a great house, made an offer and less than 2 weeks from closing on house I get a call saying Matt is no longer with us. I was then informed that I didn't qualify for loan because of my student loans. Needless to say I was devastated. I feel someone should have look over my paperwork a little closer, before I spent money on appraisal and home inspection. I am now renting and paying more than what the mortgage would have cost.  I am not having problems paying my bills yet I can't get a mortgage. VIP really tainted my confidence in the mortgage industry, very unprofessional. I've had many mortgages in the past and have never experienced this before.
