5 There's nothing not to love about about this location.  The employees are all friendly and helpful, and the smoothies I've had there (which are many) have always been excellent!
4 All the other places are just rip-offs. Jamba Juice is the real deal.
4 Okay, here's what I did on my summer vacation, class...Helena watched 'Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead' a few months ago, and before I could say Australian douchebag, I had a state of the art juicer and a bunch of parsley in my fridge. We did a 15 day juice fast and considering I gave up food, wine and coffee for raw juices and a vegan raw hippie lifestyle for more than two weeks, I am surprised everyone involved is still alive.   Seriously it was a lot more pleasurable and cathartic an experience than I thought it would be going into it. One bright shining light in the whole situation was this Jamba Juice. Sadly a lot of the independent juice outfits just haven't made it in this economy, but this chain did a nice job of filling the gap in my mid-day fix. Carrot juice with wheatgrass was my little slice of heaven every day.   The staff is friendly and obliging. Only loss of a point for less than superior cleanliness behind the lines, because if I can see into your kitchen I want it to be immaculate. And I was starving daily, so my standards were probably a little harsh.
4 This one is always packed. I have been here more than my check-ins would inidcate, and they make a good smoothie. But it's what they do so...
2 My best friend and I came here one evening, It's the closest near my apartment and we were ordering our drinks as well as my roommates and my boyfriend..So that's a total of 5 drinks. However my best friend wanted to pay, she refused in letting me do it, now this is the BAD part...she forgot her wallet at her house in Queen Creek :/ we canceled the order and left....  Now a week goes by and just as my best friend and I were walking in laughing about how embarrassing the last visit was it was the same girl who took out order before, she seen us and immediately looked over at her co-worker and whispered something. Now I'm not the one to be judging, but I HATE when there is no confrontation..we walked to the cash register and she didn't even smile or greet us, we just had to say our order without being asked!!! Lack of customer service, and a little bit snobby I would say! I mean we made a simple mistake of forgetting out wallet, which I know we are not the only ones who have done it before. Overall great drinks as always but I won't be doing service with that particular girl anymore!!!
4 Still good stuff. If not so pricy, I'd be there more often.
5 First time at this location. Went there after my orthodontist appointment, wanting something soft for my sore mouth after having my braces tightened and new bands and wires put on.   Great, fast service and a new feature they offer, the digital punch card. After 8 visits you get a free smoothie. Great idea! But then you don't have to twist my arm twice to get me to go here. I love their smoothies! I have to be careful though, being I am allergic to citrus I have to avoid certain flavors and types of their smoothies.
5 Love the fun fruity flavors, and happy they have 16 size, which is perfect for me! Been a fan since HS, so glad there's one close to home! :)   Try the razzmatazz it's so yummy in your tummy! Lol
4 I've been going to Jamba Juice for years. I absolutely love their products! Went to this location today to take advantage of the buy one get one promotion. Cornelius, training store manager, took our order. I asked if he needed to see the coupon I had on my phone for the Bogo deal and he said yes. He was thorough and read us back our order to ensure accuracy. There were two ladies behind us waiting to order and I told them about the Bogo deal, love helping others save money. I let them us my phone to show Cornelius but he said they couldn't use it. They did not bring their phones in so they couldn't download the app I was using for the coupon. I was very disappointed at first and unsure why he wouldn't let them, it wasn't a coupon that needed to be scanned. Most companies I've dealt with in the past with similar coupons have allowed me to share it. I was sure I was going to have to write a bad review about him until the ladies thank me after ordering and informed me that he ended up giving them the Bogo deal. THANKS CORNELIUS!! This review only gets four stars because we waited a while before getting our drinks. Because of Cornelius's change of heart I will definitely return to this location.
4 I had a coupon here for buy one get one free. It's a small location and was next door to a starbucks. I ordered a strawberry surf rider and I forgot the other drink, but both were still good. Also, ordered a couple of wheat grass shots and it wasn't so bad. Service was great, They were all very polite and friendly.
