1 TOTALLY AGREE WITH JULIA G. !!!! I was optimistic when  I tried them again after eating at Arrowhead once.   "This is a poor excuse of a Mexican Restaurant.. and it's is not the location or the decor..it is their employees.... the people they have serving the food and bar tending.. Bar tending.. inattentive, no character..no charisma.. no personality, not hospitable" IS TOTALLY ACCURATE TO DESCRIBE THE BAR WENCHES. I had to order through them for a to-go order and they ignored me completely until I practically yelled at them. TO-GO orders are an afterthough where the hostess sends you into the bar with a hap-hazard wave of the hand in the bar's general direction. When you get to the bar, if the seating is full, you have to step into the two staff station area to order, the waitstaff are annoyed you are in their way and NO ONE ACKNOWLEDGES YOU AT ALL. I was a GM at several restaurants and rule #1, you dont' avoid customers eyes, rather, you greet them, acknowledge their presence and let them know you see them and welcome them.    Besides this GLARING employee problem, I have to tell anyone buying this food who thinks they are getting New Mexico style, Hatch NM food, guess what you are being ripped off!  I grew up in Hatch New Mexico and nearby Las Cruces. We personally knew the farmers and farmhands in the fields tending to the chiles. We had amazing meals at their homes and community events and everything related to this style of food  is simple,  yet delicious. I consider myself an expert on the subject and I am telling you this food is posing as geniune.  My true test is always at restaurants claiming NM style is the Green Chile and Chili Colorado. Neither here are very good. Actually, the White Sands burrito was so poor I almost called back to get a refund. There was no meat in the burrito, literally 4 pieces of meat. The entire filling was green chile sauce without enough meat. Then, they cover this in a white fundido, which from my experience as a cook was more cornstarch/flour  in it than cheese. Bland and boring. It was $13 and  when you add sourcream and guacamole, it was $17. The heat from chiles was there, but just making something green chile-hot does not make it geniune NM food.  This is a scam-100%.Another chain trying to cash in on a hip trend and excuted poorly.   Rice is mediocre and I would swear they used a consommé (bouillon ) like Knorr, which has MSG in it. My headache afterward hints at this being a valid assumption.   Beans are 'straight out of can' in taste.  Basically, skip it, overpriced (EXPENSIVE IS MORE LIKE IT )and grossly overrated.   You will know you may have found a true NM style food stop when you see the option of getting any plates "Christmas Style" and Green Chile stew is on the menu along with sopapillas that only cost less than $2.50.
1 I don't really eat Mexican food that often.  I mean, I like it and all, but it's not my favorite.  So, to be fair, maybe this is the way that "good" Mexican food is supposed to taste, and my taste buds have been corrupted by the likes of Filiberto's.    Anyway, my daily errands found me out in the far West Valley and hungry.  While driving, we happened to hear an ad for Arriba's touting their $1.99 chimichangas, and (un)lucky for us, it happened to be a Thursday and there was an Arriba's nearby.  *sigh*  We were seated immediately, which was good, but the waitress was immediately annoyed with us when we only ordered water with lemon.  That's what I always order when I eat out, just to save empty calories.  My friend wanted coffee, but we didn't think the coffee in a virtually deserted Mexican restaurant would be any good.   When the waitress came back with our drinks, we asked her about the $1.99 chimichangas.  We wanted to know how big they were, because for the price, we figured they would be on the smaller side, so we needed to know if we should order one or two.  With an exasperated sigh she said "it's, like, a regular chimi."    We told her that we had never been to this restaurant before, so we needed to know what that meant.  Again, she just said, "it's the size of a regular chimi."    *bites tongue*  We asked her what was in it and she told us that they were filled with beef and topped with either red sauce (hot) or green sauce (not hot).  Even though I like a little spice to my food, I ordered the green sauce because I thought that even if it wasn't "hot," it would still be flavorful.  Besides, as with Thai food, I like to start out by ordering mild versions of the dishes, that way I know how the restaurant calibrates their spiciness meter and I'm not left with a dish that I can't eat, or at least won't enjoy.  While we were waiting for our lunch, we were noshing on chips.  We had two options of dip: a medium salsa and a bean dip.  The medium salsa was all right.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good, either.  It was just all right.  The bean dip was a little iffy.  The waitress told us that they make it fresh there at the restaurant, but the dip had an aftertaste to me, like, beans that had been fermenting in the pot too long and were on the verge of spoiling.  You know what I'm talking about?  Like, kinda sour-ish.  Ugh.  I'm making myself a little sick just thinking about it.  Anyway, my chimichanga with a side of rice arrived.  My first impression was, "Okay, this chimichanga is larger than I expected," and, "Why is the rice brown?"  Let me tell you about this grossness that they actually have the cajones to market as a "chimichanga."  First, it seemed like one huge tortilla that was wrapped around a little bit of... stuff... like, four times.  The outside was a light brown color, but it wasn't fried.  The other layers of the tortilla tasted like they were steamed, or something.  Ooh!  I know!  It was like when you nuke leftover Mexican food and the microwave leaves the tortillas kinda soppy and slimy - from the steam or whatever.  I can't be the only person who has experienced this, right?    Anyway, ick.  Now, onto the "beef."  I have never seen anything like it!  The chimichanga did have something in it that could possibly pass for a meat-like substance, but it wasn't like any beef I had ever seen or tasted.  The outer edge of the meat was browned like you'd expect beef to be, but the interior portion was WHITE!  It wasn't pork and it had the texture of chicken.  *shudder*  Not that it matters at this point, but the green sauce had absolutely no taste.  I didn't know that "mild" = bland.  I'm sure this doesn't come as a surprise, but the rice wasn't good, either.  First, it was hard, and second, the only flavor it had was of black pepper.   The only thing edible was the tiny bit of shredded lettuce and the five pieces of diced tomato that they used to garnish the plate.  Maybe it's me; maybe my palate lacks sophistication.    I did, however, bring the food home to feed my dogs and they didn't eat it, either.  Seriously.  Just sayin'.
1 The poor reviews for this Arriba's are correct. I wish I would have read them before I wasted my time and money eating there. There was a large spill left under our table. It looked like a spilled drink because of the lemon in the middle of the puddle. The table was short of napkins and silverware. We had to beg for more. The service is horrific !  The food is terrible and overpriced. The rice had so much pepper on it that none of us could eat it. The cheese enchiladas were cold and tasteless. The beer was not cold. Don't waste your time and money. You'd get a better mexican meal at Taco Bell or Del Taco.
2 This place is always packed in the evening and we had to go check it out. I was a little afraid honestly while waiting seeing so many reviews of just 1 star. The service could use some work, but they seemed extremely busy. There was several table tops of 6+ coming in while we were waiting to be seated on a Saturday Night. One table top of 11 came in as well while we were waiting.    I don't think they are very expensive compared to Macayo's in the area. The one good thing they do have is the 48oz Margarita's for 2. They definitely don't skip the the alcohol, and their Margarita's are pretty cheap. You can get a 48oz (depending on the style) for at least 11$ which is crazy! I asked if they will serve a 48oz margarita for two for one, and they said they would. I think this could be dangerous for margarita lovers..   I had their mexican abodabba pizza and it was very good I thought. My wife had their chimmy, and I wasnt a fan of it. I think its just OK in the land of mexican food out there, but their drinks definately stand out on their own.
1 Horrible!!  If your still curios, keep reading.  Been to this location on two separate occasions.    First time, soon after they opened.  We were seated in the bar area.  Drinks and chips came out quick and that was the best part of the night.  I had to flag down our waitress several times to get a refill.  Chips weren't refilled.  Although at the door leading to the patio were about 6 of the  "kids" that refill drinks and refill chips just standing around not doing a lick of work.  Our dinner took about 1/2 hour to come out, and it was just eghhhh....  i chalked this experience up to grand opening issues.  Waited about 3 weeks before heading back.  This time around it was 9pm on a Saturday night.  Again we were seated in the bar area.  One of the appetizer plates on our table had a thick glob of dried cheese on it.  The hostess took it back and then brought me a "clean" plate.  As she approached i saw her scraping something off it.  She dropped it off and and i pushed it to the side and walked over to 3 empty table before i found plates w/ no dried on food on them.  They must have issues w/ their dishwasher albeit human or machine.  We sat there for 15 minutes, in that time, no one ever took our drink order or ever  brought chips or water.  As I looked around, again there were people standing around by the door leading to the patio doing NOTHING....just standing around chit chatting.  At this point i had enough.  As we walked out, i turned around and decided to speak to the manager.   When he finally came out, i told him that we had been there for 15 minutes and no one took our drink order, that he had a staff of people standing at the door doing absolutely nothing.  He kinda of just stared at me w/ a deer in the headlights look.  He never apologized, just stood there looking around.  As you read other posts about this location, you will read about the other service issue.  You would think this place being so new, they would want to hit it out of the park with every customer that walks thru their door.  Save your aggravation and money and head down the street to Manuel's or Macayos!
3 I have been to this location two times, the first time I believe they had only been open a week, so the service was so so.  The second time the server was very attentive and friendly.  There chips were fresh and not to salted like some others are. They give you bean dip which is bland to me, but the salsa was good, not loaded with cilantro.  I had the trio of enchiladas(chicken,cheese, and beef) beans and rice.  The enchiladas were good I really liked the red sauce it had a good flavor.  My husband got the tacos carbon after realizing he missed there Taco Tuesday special (it ended at four pm).  His steak on the tacos had a good flavor but were a little dry.  Overall we enjoyed our meal.  I've eaten at many mexican restaraunts, and you could do a lot worse then Arribas.
2 The food was so-so and the service was VERY slow. Need to figure it out if they are going to last here! Taco Tuesday ends at 4pm (kind of a bummer) but the 99 cent margaritas were fairly decent!
3 This is one of the better Mexican restaurants in the area, which isn't saying a lot but something.   We've been in for a couple of lunches and satisfied every time.  Service could use some work, they are about as friendly as you have to be to not be rude and that's about it.  The cost is great, you get huge portions (we find it's more then enough to share) and at a great price.  Margaritas are very tasty and again a great price.  I'd say happy hour is a great time to visit.
4 If you like it hot, this is your place. It is a bit pricier then other Mexican restaurants but the portions are large and don't taste like it was frozen and just warmed up... cough, cough Macayos! Great specials on the happy hour menu. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere and the hatch chilies are their staple. The salsa is great and the bean dip is a nice change with the chips.
1 I will only come here for the house margaritas. I'm not a fan of the food here.
4 The service was prompt...the food hot...the beer cold....the price was within reason....any questions??
5 Tried the fish tacos and they were delicious!  Service was also very good tonight!
1 We had visited a few times before my last review and 2 times since that review and it has only become worse.  Drinks, food, service all terrible.  The worst thing for me is when you bring up an issue they seem offended that you dare suggest it's not perfect.  For example a margarita with no tequila or a cold appetizer (We've had both happen).  We won't be returning.
2 I wasn't surprised to see the rating when I looked it up.  I came with some girlfriends who live in the area yesterday, and left feeling like a poophead for recommending the place.    I always liked the Arrowhead location (but after talking about it, found it was probably cuz I always order a margarita and am a lil tipsy :)...    The waitress was rude, she looked at my friend like she was stupid when asked if the chicken or beef fajita was better.  The food was just not that good at all.  The fajitas came out overcooked.  Some cups and silverware were dirty. My chimi was so-so.   The cheese crisp was yummy though.  I will stick with the Arrowhead location for my margaritas and cheese crisps.
1 Worst service ever....TWICE!  Food is fair at best!  We were so excited when this restaurant was being built...we couldn't wait to try it once it opened.  We gave it a few months after it opened to try it out.  We went with another couple and sat outside.  We sat outside forever it seemed.  No chips, no water ....no waiter/waitress.  Finally my husband went in to find someone and it was the hostess who finally brought waters and chips.  There were 2 other parties on the patio so it wasn't a matter of the patio being closed.  Our wait staff was just no where to be found.  UGH!  The hostess took our orders finally.  Let's just say....the food was fair at best and they never came back to see how it was or to give us the bill.  We again....finally just decided to get up and head for the door thinking maybe someone would help us.  NOPE....hostess, say's 'bye, thanks for coming".  We were like....um, did you want us to pay???  No one has brought us our bill and we've been done with our food for over 15 minutes!  We asked for the manager and told her we wanted to pay our bill and that the service was TERRIBLE.  She didn't really care.  We paid our bill and left.  We all thought maybe this was a joke, "funniest hidded videos" since it was beyond bad service.  But....alas, it wasn't...it was just bad service.  Well, my husband and I went back a couple months later to try it ONE MORE TIME.  To keep this short and sweet, we actually had a waitress this visit...but, this time the service was bad due to the waitressbeing extremely rude.... in her own words, "she's in a bad mood and having a bad day".  We felt so lucky to get her....NOT! Oh yeah...trying to keep this short.  We wil NEVER step back into this restaurant again!!!
2 Well.. I order a Enchiladas with adobada meet  Was the most nasty adobada meet I eat  The waiter was nice when my husband and I arrive  But I'm still waiting still for my refill she never bring me anything I am very upset I did not enjoy my dinner was horrible  This location in Arribas  I don't have idea what they sale but I'm sure Mexican food they don't sale NASTY
2 It's okay. Better options around area though.
1 Could have been the worst Mexican food I have had in a while.  You know how they always say "the plate is hot" at Mexican restaurants?  Well not this time.  The food wasn't hot either.  I would avoid this place like the plague.
3 ok if u like green chile its its not that bad its actually good. the service is so so and omg the prices are ridiculous there is nothing under 10 dollars if u want lunch on the weekend.
2 Decent food, really good hot salsa, but the prices are RIDIC. We won't be back.
5 Yahoo, I loved the food and service both times we have been there!!  You cannot beat the 99 cent Margaritas, and everything we have had has been excellent.  Come on people, give it a try!!
4 Food is great!  Service: so-so.  Last time I was there, we sat outside.  The tables were very dirty and gross.  The tables are wooden slats, so the food drops between them and I am sure hard to clean.  Mabe the manager should look into getting different tables.  Other than that, we do enjoy it there.  Been a customer since they opened.
1 If I could give this place ZERO stars I could!  Listen to the ratings, we should have. My husband has been in the restaurant marketing business for over 20 years. So we said, how bad could it be?  We aren't from the area & wasn't sure what else was around.   To start the only way to fix this place is chuck the cooks, staff & managers!  The food was absolutely the worst tasting, sorry excuse for food that I have ever eaten in my life. We have eaten at hundreds of restaurants over the years, & I would rather eat at a White Castle then ever eat here again!  We were seated promptly and our waitress was kind. The chips and salsa were ok. It also came with refried beans that were, "stupidly hot", to quote my husband. The salsa was not as spicy but didn't have a lot of flavor. I don't mind spice as long as it's flavorful. This was not!  The menu has ratings of peppers, 0-3. I guess if you count Hot/Spicy as a flavor, this place might be for You.  The waitress informed is that she enjoys spicy food but 1 pepper is all she can handle & typically only orders 0 pepper meals. She only orders 1 meal & felt it is the best, I regret not picking it!  I ordered the sampler meal, my husband the shrimp fajitas. Let's start with his meal. The nice thing it had 12 shrimp, they were fairly small. The grilled onions and peppers were cut small, cooked to death, & then spread over the plate so it appeared larger. It came with a side of rice, 3 tortillas & a bowl of sour cream, guac, & tomato's. When scraping the shrimp & veggies into a pile there was enough to fill ONE tortilla shell including the guac and sour cream. Price=$16.99!    Now onto my disaster. 1 tamale, a rolled taco (cut in half), 2 mini tacos, some other rolled thing (cut in half), & a blue corn tortilla bowl filled with refried beans. The tamale had, literally, a teaspoon of meat down a crack in the middle. A teaspoon of meat was a theme on my plate. The corn part of the tamale was not moist & the cheese they melted on top had very little flavor!  The fried rolled taco was next. Minuscule amount of Meat=No flavor a little crispy but mostly soft and squishy!  Two mini tacos: Mostly lettuce, 2 pieces of diced tomato's & again the teaspoon of shredded meat substance. meat was dry & had a jerky-like texture. Finally I  came to the other rolled thing on my plate. It resembled the rolled taco but used flour tortillas instead of corn. So it had that puffy, crispy look. I saved it thinking, "That looks good, I'm gonna wait til the end to eat it." YUCK! Ate the first one (reminder it is one whole one cut I half so you feel as if you have two). After the first bite I covered it in guac and a cream cheese mix that came with it....didn't help. It was slightly, & I mean SLIGHTLY crispy in the outside & soggy gross inside. Pulled the other one apart, wondering what was in it. After unrolling this piece of garbage i found a tiny, that is a generous measurement, amount of what looked to be chicken. I picked it up with my thumb & forefinger to show my husband; my fingers touched the portion was so small. They had wrapped the tortilla 4 or 5 times around making it appear larger, this only added to the slimy, smooshy texture on the inside. Needless to say, I didn't eat it! The refried beans in the  blue corn tortilla was actually decent & had a nice flavor. The rice on my hubby's plate was alright but was about the size of a small scoop of ice cream. Price=$13.99 NOT worth it!!    Service: the food, actually, came out rather quickly. We went without anything to drink for a good ten minutes as we watched the wait staff walk back & forth chatting. Our server appeared to be the only one working. I a asked for extra lemons & some ketchup before the food was served. She promptly forgot but remembered without me having to remind her later. (Ketchup? You ask. Hey the food was horrible, it needed help!). After that she actually did well with keeping our drinks filled & asking if we were alright.  For service I will give her a 2. All others stood around chitchatting when they should have been filling empty drinks. Trust me, the restaurant was not busy & there were plenty of people standing around doing nothing.   We paid $40 for two of us & have eaten $6 dollar meals that stomped this place into the ground!  We should have talked to a manager, but had a 3 hour drive.....we were just ready to leave!    We will NEVER EVER eat here again & you can guarantee we will tell everyone how absolutely, disgusting their food is!
3 Went in for Happy Hour and some 99 cent margaritas.  They weren't great, but hey...they were 99 cents!   The girls at the hostess stand greeted us with smiles on their faces and seated us in the bar as we requested.  Once seated, service was prompt and everyone was very friendly.  Our server came to check on us several times to see how we were doing.  Within seconds of sitting down, we had our chips, salsa and a bowl of a chorizo and bean dip at our table.  Our margaritas were brought to our table by another server because ours was helping another table.  She was also very friendly and asked if we needed anything.    We shared a Hatch green chile burger and it was very tasty.    I have read in previous reviews how service has been horrible at this location.  I am thinking they may have read these reviews and made some changes, because we experienced quite the opposite today.    I am a firm believer in giving places a second chance and I'm glad I gave this place theirs.  The food may not be what it is like back home in New Mexico, but for Happy Hour...I'll be back!
1 If you eat eggs, and they serve them at Arriba's, be sure that the waiter knows the difference between "well done" and "over easy".  You would think that would be an easy concept to understand.  No sir, not at this place.    Nothing turns my stomach more that seen runny yellow slimy eegs all over my plate.  It's just gross - I hate 'em and I thought that I made my waiter understand my distaste for anything but WELL DONE eggs - maybe it was a language thing, I'm not sure.  Oh, he offered to bring me a new order but honestly, my appetite was gone by then.  I did tell them that I would not pay for that stomach churning screw-up and he was OK with that but he did insist that I pay for my coke.  I didn't think I should have to considering that my WHOLE meal was ruined but I was glad to just get out of that place without throwing up.
1 Tonight we had a family gathering and went to Arriba because an Easterner was in town and wanted Mexican. What a huge disappointment! The food is insanely hot - even though we ordered "mild" dishes and the fish is nasty nasty nasty! We Arizonans are used to good fish tacos - and they exist up the road at Senor Tacos, but not here. Sorry, I can't understand how, in an area with a dozen really great Mexican places, how this gets by at all. Come to think of it, it wasn't busy at all so maybe the word is out! There are way too many great Mexican, non-chain places around to come here and waste your time and money. Oh, and there was no offer from management to to make the terrible food right, either!
3 Not bad, not outstanding but not bad. Had the 99cent Margarita, well actually two. I usually get the ala carte burrito with both types of beef mixed. Also tried both the red and green sauce and added cheese. The beef was on the very salty side  hubby had two tacos and weak iced tea. His were salty too but again not bad. Service was very attentive and quick. They were getting busier as we left at 7 pm. I would go again if not for the salsa bean dip and chips alone
3 We've probably come here have a dozen times or so and each time the experience is different.  The food is about the same.  Spicier than most Mexican food places we go to but there are indicators on the menu that tell you the spice level which is nice.  The service is different depending on who you get that day.  Today's service was great.  Personable lady who made sure we had extra napkins for the little one.  Even got us a non-spicy bean dip for our toddler.  I asked the first we went there if they  had non-spicy bean dip and the waitress flat out said no so I never asked after that.  This lady was nice - and courteous - that our experience was better.  Lunch time they have pretty good deals.  I would say their food is probably on the expensive end for Mexican but you can still get a meal for 2 adults and 2 child for under $40.
1 DO NOT EAT HERE!! The only reason I am giving one star is because I can't give 0. We recently moved to the area and wanted to find a good Mexican restaurant. When we first walked in I thought it might be decent. The special drink was a 24oz margarita for 9.99. The decor was colorful and festive but as we approached our seats I noticed that they were ripped and warn looking. My hubby and I ordered the special margaritas and a bowl of guacamole that was $7.00. We were served free chips, salsa and spicy bean dip. I wanted to order a chile Rellano but they are made with Hatch chiles and super hot so I went with the taco platter with shredded beef. My son ordered the chile verde and my husband ordered a ground beef chimichanga. Both my husbands and mine were super greasy. In fact I could squeeze the grease out of the taco. My sons chile verde was spicy but ok. A small portion made to look bit by sitting on top of green goo and pork fat. Basically we all hated this food. I have never given such a low rating before. To top it off our bill for 3 people was $79. That's dinner for 3 and 2 Margaritas. My son had water. I don't mind paying for good food but this is anything but. I will never ever ever set foot in this or another Arriba grill again. Do yourself a favor and go across the street to Rubio's where you will get much better quality good for a way better price. Oh and did I mention I hated this place??  On a side note the only bright part of this visit was the excellent service.
1 Sub-par food at rediculous prices.  My husband and I love Mexican food. We have tried several places since moving here a year and a half ago, and this has been the worst. The meat in my beef tacos had a really strange texture to it, hard to describe. I wanted to add sour cream, bill came and we were charge $2 just for that. Considering the whole experience and how expensive everything was, I will never go back here and would not recommend it to anyone.
1 When someone specifies a vegetarian cheese enchilada, it might be important to leave the meat out. I ordered a platter for a party and some of them contained meat. The 99 cent Margarita I had while waiting was just ok, nice bar staff though. I'd return but only for chips & drinks at the bar.
1 Not So Good... Half star ...   What can I say about Arribas Mexican Grill. Let's start on a positive note.  The staff is warm, friendly, and extremely personable, which is why I feel horrible for saying their Mexican Food is bland and tasteless.   I really wanted to like Arribas Mexican Grill. After all I had been to the Phoenix location and the food wasn't bad. However, the way to begin a meal is not with a watery tomato salsa and a puny bowl of broken chips.   I have to give Arribas props for their cheese crisp. The cheese crisp was loaded with cheese and extra crispy. However, the enchiladas were soggy and brunt on the ends. Followed by  the overcooked rice and flavorless refried beans.  Not the worst Mexican food on earth, but it is a contender.
3 Been here twice. 99 cent margaritas are standard and what you'd expect. Food is also standard. Price is right for the food.
3 Good food, great lunch specials, fun atmosphere!
1 Not impressed at all. I spent $15.95 for the Carnitas plate. I'm a Carnitas fan and I order it whenever I try a new Mexican restaurant.  What I got was a mound of onions with pork scattered through it (and very sparsely I might add).  The best carnitas I've had to date was at two different restaurants in Goodyear: Raul & Theresa's and Manuel's. Both were quite good with Raul & Theresa's winning the gold.  The service at Arriba was decent. The decor decent. However I was extremely disappointed in the pricing and the skimpiness of their kitchen. When I order food I want FOOD. I don't want onions in my carnitas (actually it was a little carnitas in my onions).  Hey if you're an ONION fan and you want to pay $15.95 a plate for them then be my guest. However if you are a CARNITAS fan don't bother with this place.
2 We had margaritas and chips with guacamole prior to our meal.  They weren't very good.  If you're a Mexican place and can't get margaritas and guac right you've got a big problem.  Service was very slow and the meals were blah t best.  Won't be back.
3 Overall, not a bad dining experience... but nothing was exemplary about it either.  I'll go back.  I am fairly consistent with what I order when trying new places that are similar to other places that I have previously been to.  What I mean by that is that unless something is highly recommended by other Yelpers, then I will typically get the steak tacos at a Mexican restaurant... and that way I can, in my own way, compare each restaurant to the others.  Anyway, there was only a very brief wait to get seated... and the service was really attentive, coming back to check on our meal, and filling up our waters often (always a big plus in my book).
1 Terrible service and food. Really disappointing. Other Arribas are great. Waitress had a festering, scab tattoo that almost made me sick. Would've left if I noticed it earlier. Should've called health dept
2 A bit pricey for Mexican food. I did enjoy their salsa and bean dip. I had ordered a burrito with rice and beans, with a soda. My tab came up to about $21. Again a bit pricey, but I did enjoy the meal I had with my 2 other girlfriends.   Would I come back here, sure why not, if I'm going for an occasion.   But if I wanted to get my Mexican-food fix...I'd rather go to Filiberto's or some other place.
4 I am perplexed by the recent reviews posted on this fine restaurant. I was recently here with my family, visiting my parents that reside in Goodyear.  We are from New Jersey, where Mexican restaurants are not as prevalent when compared to the greater Phoenix area. The few Mexican restaurants we do have locally are average at best. With a few exceptions in nearby Philadelphia. With that begin said, we read the reviews on here prior to trying this restaurant. With trepidation mind you, as some of these reviews are simply  negative. I can in all sincerity advise my dear readers that this restaurant was far from sub-par, nor even average. It was fantastic in fact, with a few minor exceptions.     First and foremost, upon first impression. The restaurant was clean, well light, and had all the aesthetics one could hope for in such a restaurant. It was a relatively large restaurant, well decorated, offering indoor and out door seating. We sat in a booth near the entrance, it was terrific. We all thought so. The service is a tad slow, but do you want well prepared food or fast food? If slow a service is an issue, then try taco bell. Otherwise, enjoy the experience this location has to offer. Our waitress was a bit neutral at first but quickly warmed up to us. She was friendly and curtious. The menu was extensive, and impressive. We ordered tacos, burritos and I tried the Mexican styled meatballs and grits soup, it was fantastic!!!! Consisting of fresh ingredients and tasty!        The entire meal, including adult and children's beverages was reasonably priced. We had enough food over, to have for diner the next day! My family and I enjoyed this restaurant thoroughly, and will return next year when we visit my parents again. Be your own judge and critic when checking out these various reviewed restaurants and locations listed on here. Some reviewers I question their authenticity, if they were not hired by the local competition, or are being forthright in their reviews, but are spoiled by all of the fantastic local Mexican restaurants you have out there. Oooo lay!
1 service was slow. food had no seasoning at all, very bland. better mexican food around.
3 I stopped in for a first visit to this Arriba location today & had their Wednesday Special for lunch, which consisted of a big bowl of tasty tortilla chips, a cup of bean dip & a cup of salsa, followed by a Chicken Enchilada with Salsa Verde and a shredded beef taco, along with good servings of Spanish Rice & refried beans.  This restaurant is beautiful and the food was good, and an amazing value.  With that said, though, the cheese in my enchilada & on the beans was under-melted and the enchilada tortilla a little tough, so it wasn't up to the Five-Star standard of this same meal I've experienced at the Arriba location on Camelback & the one in Ahwatukee.  Also, my table service was adequate but not tops, as it has been for me on each of several visits to the two locations above.     :-)  Wednesday Lunch Special $4.99!
4 Had lunch and was pleased with the quality of the food, the portion size, the service, and the physical layout of the restaurant. We were promptly seated and the waitress was very quick to the table with the salsa and bean dip.  This was a plus in that you don't often get bean dip with the traditional salsa. They were both spicy enough to get the tongue tingle and it was nice that both my wife and I received our own bowls and did not have to share. They have an extensive menu and had two of my favorites which are chili Colorado and adobada.  I ordered the adobada plate and for $8 it was very good and plentiful. I had the black beans which were also very good. The rice was average but I like to pile some salsa on it so it worked out fine.  My wife had the layered chicken New Mexico enchilada with green sauce which was pretty dang spicy, lots of hatch chile's(also at $8)!  The waitress was friendly and efficient and we will certainly return.
1 A Poem.  I was feeling really lousy and  thought it was because I hadn't  eaten in over 24 hours since my stomach had yet to recover from yesterday's  disaster of a lunch. So I ate a light salad now I feel even worse. It's possible the disgusting meal I  forced down at Arriba yesterday  which left my dining companion and me with  what we thought  was severe indigestion  has actually spurred a mild  case of food poisoning
1 Went in with the hubby and the kids. We have 4 kids, 2 in high chairs so the 5 min wait was no problem. What was a problem was that the minute I sat down, one of the benches in the front ripped a hole in my previously perfectly fine $50 jeans. I told the hostess who seemed not very concerned and apparently the manager wasn't told as I requested.... After being seated, it took several minutes to get a server, including water to go with the too spicy salsa and beans. We ended up getting several appetizers because of the happy hour special. We had the nachos, mini- chimis, the hatch chili cheese crisp, and the queso dip. Our server seemed very inattentive and not at all helpful. He was not overly friendly, could not keep up with water, and forgot the side of beans we requested for our little ones. ( which means we had to go home and feed them because eventually we just said forget it!) All of the food was mediocre and was barely worth the half off happy hour price. The hatch chili cheese crisp was even too spicy for the hubby who likes spicy food. The chimis were ok, the jalapeño cream was too thick. The queso was hot, although it tasted like it came out if a can. The nachos were plentiful, but seemed like the beef was not good quality. Overall with the hole in my jeans, the bad, inattentive service, and the mediocre, too-spicy food, we will not be back. I would not recommend this Mexican restaurant. If you want good service, good quality, and good prices, go to Manuel's about 2-3 miles East on McDowell.
1 This was one of the worst places I've ever been to. Horrible service. We sat for 10 minutes while servers looked at us as they passed, but no server came to talk to us. When I finally approach someone I was told not to take it out on her. So I didn't and I called the manager over. He was full of apologies but not much else. My family and I left and we went someplace better. Don't waste your time on this place when there are a multitude of other better places close by.
5 I'm surprised by the low reviews. I was greeted the minute I walked in sat right away and my server came within a few minutes. everyone was very kind and attentive I had no real problems no long wait on anything. this is my first time ever going to arriba and it is an enjoyable experiment I will come again.
4 This is our regular Mexican food place. I'm surprised the Yelp rating is so low--we've never had any problems here. The food is good, not gourmet by any means, but good.  We visited on a Sunday. We could have gotten a free kids meal for our son, but when we informed our waiter that our son only eats tortilla chips, he made sure our tortilla chip bowl stayed full. That was greatly appreciated!  I always get the tacos al carbon, usually with beef. The leftovers are great the next day. My husband enjoys the flaming beef fajitas with rice.  A very pleasant clown visited our table and made our son a balloon archery set. That was a nice surprise!
4 I had heard terrible reviews on this place but decided to give it a try anyway.  Boy was I pleasantly surprised at how amazing the food was and the service was a+ as well, even went back a few days later.  The only down fall was that some of the employees would congregate by the bar area, goof off and be really inappropriate.  My advice is to notify the management if you see this behavior so they finally understand that this is the main reason they have a bad rep!
1 This place is horrible I ordered a party platter and I go to pick it up and manager throws it on the counter with No Salsa No chips No guacamole I asked him where's the rest of it and he's like is Extra when I usually order a $5 burrito I get chips and Salsa but When I order a $50 Platter he says is Extra so I don't know if he gets Commission on Salsa but is terrible Customer Service this Manager provided... Don't go to Arribas. Macayos treats you better
1 Overpriced, sub-par food can be forgiven if the service is decent. I've been in the service industry for a long time and understand what rude customers and being in the weeds is all about. When a restaurant is nearly empty and servers are standing around, there is no excuse for bad service. They make minimum wage, customers' tips are their bread and butter, if they are at least nice or pretend like they don't hate their job. Our drinks were not refilled once, dirty dinner plates and long finished appetizers were on the table when we left, after dessert. The thin, dark haired manager (if that's what they call him), is the worst!!! Managers are there to smooth out situations, he made ours worse. He was uncaring and argumentative, then stood at the door smirking at me. The guy desperately needs Customer Service 101 training. Thanks for ruining our rare night out Arribas !
1 Waste of time coming here for lunch!  Came in with three co-workers on our lunch break and service was horrific!  We immediately asked for extra bean dip.  Our waitress, Stephanie, took our drink order and said she'd be back to take our food orders even tho we were ready to order right then.  She proceeded to go behind the bar and make some drinks and ring some orders and check on other customers.  She finally came back with our drinks but no bean dip.  We waited and waited and waited for her to come take our orders and finally had to ask to get someone else to serve us.  This turned out to be the manager.  We had ordered four lunch specials and one to go.  After waiting some more she came back and said we could get the to go order only at full price so we declined.  We finally got more chips and salsa from our original waitress who brought two of everything even attitude.  By this time we had been waiting for at least 30 min since the manager had supposedly put our order in.  We got up and asked for the manager again since at this point we were running late for work.  She's nowhere to be found until we get up to leave.  She comes out with our food as we're half way out the door saying "they tried their best"!  No apology.  She offered to box it up but for what full price since the special is full price to go!? No thanks cuz they probably spit in it anyway!
1 Our first trip there, it felt like a humid jungle inside. Bartender forgot to put sour mix in my husband's margarita. Second trip there, we didn't even get to be seated...Any place that won't let you bring in a Happy Meal from McDonalds for your picky eating kid, just lost a customer. Ridiculous !!
1 I ordered chicken nachos, it was a terrible choice. The chicken looked and tasted like canned shredded chicken. I was scared to eat it. I did eat the spoonful of beans that were on them,  along with the chips and guac. That was all on my plate that looked worth eating. I won't be back for at least a year or never. I hate it when my meal is tasteless:( ruined! On a positive note I only had to pay 1/2 price due to happy hour.
4 Great festive atmosphere, love Mexican food and this one is a keeper! Be sure to get there at happy hour cause appetizers are half off as well as $1.00 margarita's never had a bad experience and been there quit often  two thumbs up
