4 I saw their ad in the zip code coupon books and I never  had my AC/ Heating system serviced before. The deal was good and the time was right. The tec David showed up right on time, he was friendly and professional. He explained what he was going to do and how long was going to take. Really Happy with this company. Highly recommend it!
5 The technician was here on time, very knowledgable, friendly and quick. Any question I asked he answered and had no issues!  Very happy I shopped around and chose them in the end to service my a/c and heating units.
1 DO NOT BUY A COUPON FROM THIS PLACE.  I spoke to one of their reps and was advised that they were supposed to connect that machine to all the vents in my house. That is not what happened. The tech came into my house connected it to one vent and that was it. What a waste of money. HORRIBLE if you asked me. I recommend doing your research and going somewhere else.
5 They came out and did everything they could to fix the problem instead of suggesting replacing the unit like everyone else. They fixed it for a few hundred dolor instead of replacing it for thousands.
1 Found these guys in the local coupon book. Heater wasn't working, needed to replace a $30 dollar heating filament.  Costed me $350 to fix.  Over $300 for labor??? What a joke. I understand this is a business, but ripping people off is not cool at all. DO NOT GIVE THESE AHOLES YOUR BUSINESS!!!! You have been warned.
2 We bought a house in January.  Unfortunately, the heat on the first floor stopped working shortly after.  We found these guys in the local coupon book, and gave them a call.  First, they tried to sell us a new furnace.  $3500.  No deal.  The house is only 10 years old.  I asked them if they could fix it instead.  Sure.  But it will cost $1200.  Again, no deal.  I agreed to pay them the $50 for the service call and asked them to leave.  The two technicians began speaking between themselves in Spanish.    After a bit of discussion:  "We can fix it for $200.  But we can't guarantee the repair beyond 30 days."  Ok, fine.  Do it.  (After 30 days the home warranty would kick in.)  So as it turns out...all they did was replace a capacitor on the blower.  This is a $20 part, give or take.  So not a bad overall cost.  Just enough to get them 2 stars instead of one.
