4 At first I was diappointed because me + 2 of my friends wanted a massage at the same time but we were told that day of that one of the therapists could not make it in that day, even though we made our appointments a month in advance. Because of the inconvenience of having to make 2 separate trips there, we were offered a ride back to our hotel after one group of our massages. I was a little skeptical at first but it happened to all work out in the end.  On the positive, as a massage therapist myself, I thought the massage was amazing & definitely worth every penny! I got the Boracay Summer package which consisted of deep tissue, hot stone, & a hand/foot scrub. The pressure was great- firm just how I like it. She did some trigger point work too which was really good. I am definitely making an appointment with Rochelle every time I come to Vegas!  Please note that the location is about 20 minutes from the strip, so you will either have to rental car, cab, or public trans it. But definitely a recommend! Waaay better than spending $200+ at a hotel spa on the strip!
1 No openings for anyone coming in for a weekend trip to Vegas.  If demand is that high, make room.
3 My mom and I recently went to Boracay Massage for treatment packages.  She received the Boracay Sunrise ($135)  package, which included a Swedish Massage, Hand and Foot Scrub, and Aromatherapy.  I received the Tropical Serenity package ($145), which included a Deep Tissue Massage, Hot Stone Therapy, and Peppermint Foot Scrub.  When I made my reservation, they collected a $40 deposit over the telephone.  I will have to say, when I first arrived at the Sola Salon,  and located Boracay Massage, I was on the verge of canceling the appointment. Sola Salon is kind of like an indoor strip mall of salon services, consisting of small suites for hair salons, tanning, etc. When I say small, I mean SMALL. Each of the little salons had maybe 1-2 stations/operators.  Boracay Massage was no different- it was just a room with 2 massage tables and supplies, separated by a curtain.  They tried to spruce it up as best as possible, but it was still rather off-putting.  The 2 therapists were very nice and pleasant, but I still felt uneasy, especially when I realized that my mom and I would be getting our massages simultaneously in the same small room.  We decided to go through with it, since we were there already, and were very glad that we did.  The massage packages were lovely. My deep tissue massage was probably one of the best ones I've ever received, and she checked how I felt about the pressure and really worked to get the knots out.  However, I think that given the environment, they were a bit overpriced. For a similar price, I could get at least a Swedish Massage at a spa on the Strip with access to sauna, steam rooms, jacuzzi, and fitness room in a very nice environment.   The massage was great- the salon, not so much.
5 My experience with Boracay was excellent. I was on vacation with the wife for our Anniversary and part of the day involved a couples massage at another location. When that salon cancelled on us (!) I was left scrounging for another place. Boracay to the rescue. They fit us in in a mid-week afternoon slot which happened to be the day of our actual anniversary date which was perfect!   The studio fit just right for our package and I was more than happy with the massage and aromatherapy. They had a special for couples and for $140 we both got an excellent 60-minute massage and aromatherapy. They cater to you and what you want/don't want and try their best to make you as relaxed as possible.   Loved it.
4 Great Massage.  We had the couples massage and my husband's smile was bigger than Texas!  Rochelle was awesome and so was my therapist the hot stones really helped work out all of the knots we had.  The spa was small but very clean and well kept, nice music and great for a relaxing get away! Loved it and would go back!
4 My boyfriend surprised me with a couples massage this past weekend in Vegas. I will admit I was a little skeptical when we pulled up to a strip mall away from the main strip. However, we drove and had our own car so the distance wasn't an issue. Once we were inside the tiny space that is Boracay Massage, both Rochelle and Max (i think that was his name) began their magic we were transported to a place of sheer relaxation! Both masseuses were professional and had hands of magic. The 90 minute Swedish therapeutic hot stone massage blew our expectations. The drive is worth it to get away from the inflated prices at the resorts and I bet the service is much better. My boyfriend and I have confirmed we will be back every time we visit Vegas. Disclosure: If you are looking for a fancy posh spa with all the works this isn't for you, but if you want a phenomenal massage in a professional atmosphere Boracay is for you!
5 Until now, I've been masseuse hopping for 3 years in Vegas because I could never find one capable of giving a truly therapeutic deep tissue massage and most have no idea what a knot is and how to release it.  Rochelle and Max(?), gave my husband and I the best massage we've had in Vegas.  Although clean, quaint, and small, Boracay's setting doesn't scream luxury, but be ready to feel like a million bucks! I was impressed by Rochelle and Max ability to read our bodies and massaged accordingly, but they also asked us several times if the pressure and intensity of the massage was acceptable. Both are professional in skill and service.  I highly recommend Boracay; the prices are very reasonable, the massage is very therapeutic, and they are very professional.  I can't wait for my next one.
5 Another massage, and I am totally sold, Rochell is undoubtedly awesome!
