4 Mimi makes you feel absolutely gorgeous and is a totally low pressure salesperson (though I always end up buying too much).  Hyatt gave me an excellent eyebrow wax.    The store is adorable -- and reasonably priced considering it's in Boca Park.
4 Went in to try eye lash extensions via groupon.   Maria and Mimi were very informative of the care and up keep.  So Maria went to work.    The taping down of your lower lashes suck.  But I don't like other fingers around my eyes.  Maria was very sweet and listened to what I wanted and expected.  I did feel a little rushed cause she did say she was behind schedule.   So after about 45mins(I think) I was done.  I am not that impressed.  I wanted my lashes fuller.  They just look how they always do when I have mascara on.  I have always had long lashes I just wanted them fuller/thicker. However, Mimi and Maria's customer service is top notch.  I had an event this evening and Mimi wanted to put on my makeup (except eye shadow). I will definitely be back for makeup and waxing service but I am not impress with eye lash extensions.  This is not on them, my eyes look great but I can get the same look with mascara. If you don't have long lashes then I would suggest them for extensions great service....
5 You want to look hip and fashionable in Vegas?  This is the place to shop.  They have the quality & stylish clothes that you can find. Your friends will say where did you get that..  also, don't forget to get Eyelash extensions while you are there.  Maria is Awesome!  Love shopping at the MIXT.
3 I purchased a Groupon for this place for a waxing special so that is what originally brought me in. It was my first time in so it gave me an opportunity to shop around their store a bit before my appointment. The clothes I found were quite cute and very reasonably priced.  As far as my waxing appointment went, I was far less than impressed with the waxing technique used. The only reason I was going to go back was to use my second waxing I had that was basically free because of my Groupon.  I went in for my second waxing and had a different technician and was much more pleased and I would now go back to her for another waxing appointment.
5 Living so far away hinders me from visiting the place I would probably spend my entire paychecks on their clothing and accessories and down time chatting with the amazing customer service reps all while getting picked, poked and prodded from all their spa offers! They offer everything a girl/woman living in 2012 would need! If you love yourself you will go here!
2 Do not get lash extensions here!!!!  I got them and followed all directions to a t and they fell off in a week- what a joke!!!  My lashes are now majorly damaged and look like little stubs  I love the clothes there but will never get nor recommend any beauty treatments.
3 Lash tinting was great, but the boutique wasn't all that interesting.
4 I bought a groupon for a full set of lashes. My appointment was with Bianca. So far they look really cute and she did exactly what I asked. She was also super fast. She is friendly and cheerful.  There is only a hair dresser on Sundays. They could kick it up a notch by offering water, coffee, or tea while you wait. I was pretty early for my appointment and I was a little stunned no one offered me a drink. Lash Fills here are not cheap (180.00 for a full set and 70.00 for a fill) so I do expect a little foo foo. I was also freezing during the appointment, a blanket would have been lovely. So as far as comfort goes I was not impressed. I would not  get a facial here because I just don't think one could relax. The music is pretty loud and you can hear the shoppers chatting. The boutique is full of clothes and shoes. Some clothes feel on the cheap end and I noticed little holes in the fabric or poor sewing. This might be a place I go and buy outfits for a music festival. I won't be to upset if anything gets trashed because I don't think the clothes would survive the wash machine.  They have lots of pieces of funky jewelry and hats. Could not find makeup-Makeup that was out seemed like it was probably used by a make up artist.
2 I browsed through this store with my girlfriend. There were two employees working, neither of which said a word to us in the 5-10 minutes we were there. They were far too busy talking to each other.
