3 Buy Cigars, Cigarettes, Tobacco, Pipes, Water Pipes, Hookahs, Accessories, and more at our Las Vegas location. Enjoy your first cup of coffee on us. YES free coffee on them yay!!!!!Little Havana Cafe
5 Am Cliff Couser please search youtube or web my name to know move about me. Now this is myLittle Havana Coffee story.Havana Cafe and Smoke Shop simmers in our lives and stimulates brain cells, emotions and memories from disperse and close relationships. From the earliest days on a cold morning the warmth of hotcoffee milk with chocolate that was sipped in my mother arms that emitted another kind of warmth of protection and love. Snow, Snow and snow is this what I came to Las Vegas-Henderson Nevada? Yes, I do remember saying I want to live where I can build a snow man outside in Mount Charleton. Not really acquainted with the my way to meet a friend at thecoffee house there but I don't recall seeing anyone building snowmans outside and even if they were I had no time since I was already late forcoffee with new friends. I looked in the corner of thecoffee shop saw a group of African- American adults. Then on the other corner I saw a group of white sorority girls and in the center there was my friend with a gang of Indian women about 5 of them. A bit nervous since the women seemed a bit feisty and outspoken. I felt similar warmth of protection and an affinity in her smile as she greeted me, my friend Natasha. We all sat down and introduced ourselves. I drank a café vanilla mocha that was probably a bit stronger than thecoffee milk I had as a kid but I did not want to look like a kiddie asking for more chocolate . The coffee shop became a hang out place where we cracked jokes and met other females. After every weight  practice, that was the place to hang out and take a breather before we went back to training. I walked towards the counter to see a girl in a cap with long brunette hair with a name tag Jessica that happened to be in my dance group as . felt my lips stretch out to give one big surprised smile as she smile back at  me. On the same night I saw two of my female friends sitting on the side and walked to ward them to sit and chat with them. By then they knew  made fun of my chocolatecoffee milk that I never grew out of. Jess joined us after her shift finished where we all discussed dancing, working and life. It was almost shower  time but still snowing in Rochester, nothing unusual for Rochester but this time I knew where the tunnels were to save me the sniffles and shivers. I ran to meet another female friended after her bhangra practice since we our schedules hadn't matched for a while we figured where else but thecoffee house. My lady  friend was half Persian but more into India things . We sat and discussed late night dinner and then we ran off to another boxing  practice which also included some of my other female friends , Natasha, Jess and  Michelle  I see a Persian, brunette, India, Bangladesh,Hot body  African American woman Peggy and Chinese  woman name Lin at onecoffee table discussing college and working out and me. lol, life, jobs, training  and food. Yes, I still had the extra cho The coffee shop illy is coffee shops in Las V, Tel Avivegas NV, Bombay, Delhi, Nassau and  where we all have dispersed but yet share a mANY cupS of  coco and coffee with same memories and stimulating conversations. Now the conversations are not a weight  practice, Economics exam or job search but relationships,, sex and grad school, and new projects at work in the pipeline .Sometimes I get caught at acoffee house Illy in a business meeting or making a new friends with same coffee with an abundance of chocolate.
5 A real, cool smoke shop that offers cigars, cigarettes, bongs, peace pipes, hookahs, wraps, lighters, snacks, and more, all topped off with good service. They have a little hangout area towards the back of the shop where you can hang out to relax or smoke and watch tv. Shop is very clean. The cafe is no longer but there is something in the works that will replace it.
5 Tucked away in the Smiths shopping center is this wonderful cigar oasis. What may appear as a standard smoke shop, now offers a wonderful cigar lounge in the rear. Cigars are priced well below area averages and the management can't do enough to accommodate its customers. 3 high def tv's and a soon to open coffee bar really round this place out.   Plenty of seating and a great group of guys make this a great destination to smoke!
5 This is a really good little shop for cigars at reasonable prices, the very best I have found in Las Vegas. I found cigars for $5 for 2 that were perfectly good, morning smokes. Mild and somewhat flavorful. They also have a good sized lounge and what appears to be a regular clientele. They also comped me a cutter and took good care of me in general. I like this place!
5 This place is as awesome as it gets, relax chairs, sports on and CIGARS.  Great cigars, great talking with MEN!  Real Men, that love cigars.   Booze coming soon, but bring your own....its fun!   Go!  Only if you love cigars!
