5 This is THE McDonald's that everyone wishes were in their neighborhood.  Probably the newest one in Las Vegas, it definitely sets the bar of what you hope all McDonald's could be like!  Located on S. Rainbow with its major cross streets being Warm Springs and the 215, it has generated quite a buzz!  With a flowing fountain to welcome you, the inside feels more like a coffee lounge.  Cool color tones welcomes you to take advantage of their free WiFi and the large TV has you hanging out longer than you normally would.    Instead of the typical outdoor play area for kids with those plastic balls (an area rarely ever cleaned), this location has an indoor area that looks like it could be cleaned and inspected on a regular basis.  There's also a few larger tables set aside for what could be private parties - birthday parties at Mickey D's are coming back perhaps?  Nonetheless, this fast food joint and design are a welcome addition to the neighborhood, even if there's another McDonald's less than a mile away in the Arroyo Crossing shopping center.
3 What can I say ? I try to avoid eating here, but I am a sucker for their Caramel mocha coffee and an occasional breakfast item. I suggest you try the mocha !
5 Great service, clean and great interiors! It even has a chandelier inside! What more can you say about a fast food joint. You really don't feel like you're eating at a fast food joint inside here.
5 As far a McDonalds go this is the one to visit.  The children's area is beautiful and the restaurant is always super clean.  What stands out though is the fries, they make the best fries of any McDonalds I have been to in the city.
5 The moment I pull up and walk inside I'm thinking...Is this really Mcdonald's?!  It sure doesn't look like the typical Mcdonald's.  It's got a remarkable interior including a chandelier, lounge area,  a centerpiece on each table, clean play area, and flat screen tvs.  Exterior has a water fountain and plants.  Customer service is great.
1 Never thought in a million years I be writing a review on McDonald's but I thought this visit warranted one.  I have to preface this with the only reason I actually went inside to eat was I was with a friend who has a toddler and the only thing that was going to make him happy was the play land area. Ok here goes, when we first walked in I noticed all the fake plants everywhere, and the fountain, and the bench. Am I at McDonald's or an old ladies house? By far the strangest mcds I've ever been to. Then it gets more interesting, the inside is a poor attempt at making this a hip lounge. With damask wallpaper and a small sitting type lounge area with a cheap chandelier, I couldn't help but laugh. Oh and did I mention the guy passed out sleeping in this "lounge" area? Random men were walking in and out of the restrooms, I truly felt like I was in the twilight zone.   Now onto the service, we had a fairly simple order, and not only did they get it wrong not once, but 3 times, and gave us an attitude with it. This isn't rocket science people. Learn to speak English.  I know why I never go to fast food places now.
4 Best McDonald's ever LOL
5 The only McD's I will eat at. Not only is the decor bright and fun and totally unlike any other McD's I've ever seen, but the food is always 100% picture perfect. Everything is always hot, fresh and literally looks like the food they show in the commercials. My burger never appears stepped on or flattened or half wrapped like the other fast food places. I see many other people have already commented on the unique interior and it is very charming and way cooler than any fast food place. I give this location an A+ in every catergory!
5 Thinking too myself why the hell would I ever write review about golden arches because seen one seen them all. SO NOT true about this location. The food need not say anything because its  McDonald classic been around forever still have the best french fries.   The main reason for this review is all about the atmosphere and for SURE the interior design. We all think fast food go plastic chairs, maybe run down, no tv, and nothing special or gets ones attention. Not the case with this one! The exterior design who the hell sees water fountain in front of McD. Once get inside they have all these separate areas almost stand out by themselves. Walk in left have wide screen tv area chill out, the one area they have chandelier hanging and nice big widescreen watch with lounge chairs/basically going too starbucks or coffee shop area, even the kids play area nothing like normal ones with the plastic balls or the kids climbing around (it couple turtles kids play around and even mini play house) and walk around lot cleaner kids area then normal ones, and even the soda fountain area two separate ones lots of choices all really clean, and just everything about the place is different. I been too many McD in my lifetime so far and swear never in life imagine McD this nice or really feels more like restaurant then fast food joint. If ever want enjoy the finer McD in life check this one out. Lol!!!
2 Didn't think I'd be reviewing a McDonald's like most people have been saying on here, but I'm finally annoyed enough to write. First off, I walk in and there's a guy texting on his phone behind the front counter and behind the shift lead. If this Corporate location is attempting to make McDonald's look more upscale and professional, then the employees should be the part as well. Texting in front of customers is unacceptable, whether on break or not. If you're on break, you should be using your cell phone in a non-public area, out of view of guests. Second, the shift lead that took my order rang up the wrong special order on my Crispy Chicken Classic because she was distracted by engaging in conversation with co-workers... which should stop completely when a guest is present. I think this location lacks accountability of its employees, and soon, it will become a free-for-all if a stop isn't put to it.
1 I stopped by here to grab a quick lunch on my way back to work and when I got to my work I noticed something under my drink lid. Open it and to my surprise it was a dead bug stuck to the lid! GROSS   I tried calling to let them know but it just rings and rings and no one answers! Will not be coming back!
5 Okay we'll it's McDonald's food but...during lunch they have a person standing outside to take orders. Line was long but I got through in three min. Freaking awesome.
4 Oatmeal is delicious
5 This location has been renovated with current colors and decor.  Inside you will be surprised to find purple, black and grey as the theme, a small play area for kids and equally kind-to-parents sitting area where those kids can be watched over and still have a conversation.  I can see they are going for a cafe experience and they might have nailed it.    Most impressive is the staff at this particular location.  They are clean, polite and look like they are going somewhere in life, not like they could not make it.    The food is still poison, and we still crave and submit to it because they have been pumping it into our brains and bodies for decades.  They created an addiction by processing and mutilating food.  But at least you can enjoy it in a new atmosphere.  I'm no stronger than the next person, but I limit my intake.    Chow Chow~
2 rude serviced
5 We are truly blessed to have one of the nicest mcdonalds in town, and only a few minutes away from my home. I don't eat here much anymore, but this mcdonalds is always first on my list whenever I need some food.   Thank the foodie gods for this beautiful and CLEAN McDonalds.
