4 I came to this Lowe's to buy some water softener salt.  OK, that's not very sexy, but it's necessary to replenish the tank in my garage periodically.  Prices are OK.  I really don't price check this item so I get it whenever I'm at a convenient place, and this was convenient.  It seems like there's only a few people in this store whenever I've been here.  That makes parking and check out easy.  The staff was quick to check me out and offer assistance (respectfully declined) getting the 8 bags into my car.  I'm sure I'll be returning.
1 Let's just say am a bit dissappointed, would've loved to buy appliances here coz of prices, but poor salesmanship! Let's just say the Tom Hanks guy who helped us on black Friday had no clue about his products & gave us wrong info. When we asked him if the price would go up on a certain product he said no, lo & behold a few days later it did! Oh well saved us money I guess, but a lost sale on your part! Tsk tsk tsk... oh & not to mention you might have to do a song & dance # just to get somebody's attention, just keep that in mind. Whatever happened to the good old days?
1 I realize that most of these stores are cookie cutter. They are laid out the same. They usually have the same merchandise. Basically one is about the same as another.   However. It is the people that make the difference. That's where this store is a big trip on the Fail Boat.   You know when you press the button for help and they send a message thru the entire store? Well imagine my surprise as the person they send sails past me as I'm attempting to explain what I need. I'm following him trying to get his attention but he's too busy trying to turn off the light. And when I do get his attention. He doesn't know sh$t from shinola regarding the materials I want.  All I want is to know of they have a steel grate or can cut a piece of glass or plexi to x dimensions.  Baffled, he pawns me off to this Hispanic guy with a little mustache and has me follow him as he lazily is pushing/laying on a cart heading over to the area where they cut plexi-glass.   And as I'm trying to explain to him my project, he keeps look over my left side. I ask if this can hold any weight if laid flat. He look over my left side and says, maybe. I ask if it can stand cold, he looks over my left side, and says, maybe. I ask if it can be cut to exact dimensions. He looks over my left side and says, sure.  Finally, I ask What the Heck are you looking at?! So I turn to where he's staring and see just what is so important. Hot pants. When I turn back to him he says, Gotta look when you can.  I did notice that as I left, he was still staring at Hot Pants' derriere.  Great. Here I am thinking this is a bit more classy a Lowes because its in a better area, right? Wrong! Just another box store where they hire the same corporate tax exemptions as the Lowes everywhere.   P.S. to Lowes corporate : This took place yesterday at around 4pm. Find better employees. And NO, I didn't buy anything from this store. And I won't go back, either.
4 Working for a competitor does not make me biased: I shop where my needs can be met. I was here looking for exotic fruit trees my job doesn't carry. The website told me fig and dragon fruit were in stock, they weren't, and I ended up taking home mexican lime tree-which advertised half off. I bought it,along with citrus tree food and realized they charged me the original price, so I had to go back in and refund/rering to get the difference back.Luckily there was no line at returns/service desk. Overall experience was nice. Organization of the area could be better, but that outdoor section is well ventilated and cooled down,as opposed to my place, which is not cool at all. Be back later! lol
4 I can only give a 4 star rating because the first few minutes of me asking for help they were not very helpful!  I know nothing about hooking up a washer and dryer and had to go get some parts for a gas dryer hookup.  All I was told was to get a hose and and a gas line, no specific size was mentioned.  When I asked the sales clerk for what I needed he gave me major attitude about not knowing the sizes, but when his other co workers came over to help, all of a sudden he turned nice guy.  I also thought it was a little odd when the old lady at checkout started to bash one of her co workers who told the customers to move to the old ladies line.  The old lady said "oh, well she has a tendency to stand there and do nothing" HAHAHA oh okay...good to know!
4 Lowe's has won me over from being a Die Hard Home Depot fan.  This location is why.  This place never seems too crowded and the employees here are very eager to help!  Especially want to give a shout out to those who work in Paint (great paint matchers!), Plumbing (awesome help and advice) and Tools.  The layout of the store is standard and easy enough to know where everything is after a few trips to Lowe's.  Their late hours are super helpful so you aren't in a bind when you're working on a project and need to run back for more supplies.
5 Rick in Appliances was very patient as we picked out our fridge and gas dryer and gave us the goods and bads about all of them and how they would fit our needs and household.   What's also great is that they also honor prices that are posted and when the gas dryer was almost $100 less than the price in the computer, they yanked the tag but gave us that price for the dryer!  Awesome service and the few times that I've been there, definitely give me a reason to go back for help.  They all seem very cheerful and knowledgeable which is more than I can say for other Lowe's I've been in.  Not crowded, and open until 9PM which was fantastic when we forgot some dimensions and had to run home to measure to make sure everything fit.
4 Lowe's and Home Depot are pretty interchangeable, if you ask me. Maybe I prefer Home Depot because I prefer orange to blue, I don't know. Honestly, what is the difference? Neither store carried the tile I need but several Lowe's employees referred us to a few local tile stores and also offered to order some tiles if we wanted to wait for it to come in  I felt they did a nice job in assisting me.
4 After getting an ad in the paper for Lowe's I decided to stop by and check out the deals they were advertising.   The store was clean. I checked prices on a couple work supplies I usually get at a different home improvement store in town but Lowe's prices were slightly higher. I grow a vegetable garden every year and wanted to check out the garden department. I was glad did! They have this nifty plastic rolling basket that has a handle you can pull up to pull along if you don't want to carry the basket. The rolling basket is also nice and deep to carry your plants. They have a nice variety of flowers and they were priced good. They had a nice variety of veggie plants that looked very healthy and had good structure. I never understand why some nurseries put out weak and frail plants so late in the season so it was nice to see these ones all healthy.   I'm a girl so of course my review about this Lowe's is mostly about gardening and kitchen appliances! They have all your general home improvement needs as well it is just a matter of price checking to see which home improvement store at the time has the best deals. They have truck and tool rental as well. Lowe's does offer the higher end kitchen appliances but not at the best prices when it comes to the smaller kitchen appliances like blenders, mixers, processors etc. The smaller stuff can easily be found much cheaper at a variety of places. The bigger appliances like washers, dryers, & vacuums however are priced better then say Best Buy would usually offer. There were enough things I did like about my experience to come back so that I will!
5 Once or twice a month, Lowe's hosts a Build and Grow Clinic, completely free.   Children are provided with an easy to assemble wood kits they can build and take home. First timers are given an apron and goggles for keeps and they lend out a hammer each time.   The kids come with detailed instructions and stickers to decorate. For Mother's Day, they made really cute photo frames that fold up into a wooden heart.  Afterwards, the kids get a certificate of completion and a badge.   It's all at your own pace, get there about 9:45am on clinic days, wait in line, get your kit, takes about 20 minutes to put together if your kid is sorta focused. They leave with a feeling of pride and accomplishment.   While I don't think the service, price, or selection of Lowe's is any better or worse than their main orange competitor, I do pick up any items I would need from this type of store here to support the Build and Grow program.   I did manage to find an off brand water filter (the kind that screws on your faucet) that's half the price as the main stream brand and replacement filters - Instapure, and I didn't see that brand any where else.   If you have kids under 8, take them to the Build and Grow. It's really fun.
4 I love Lowe's and everything about it. This store is clean and the workers are happy and helpful. They like women who do handy jobs. =0  I just purchased all new toilets for my house and the delivery was fast and easy. I always feel like I get good advice here and that they are not always trying to sell me something that I do not need.   They have a new Lowe's card (not a credit card) that keeps track of everything. You can pull up old receipts and warranty information on it. It is really helpful and makes it so you don't have to store all of that paperwork.   They also let you bring your dog in this store which as you know is a huge plus for me. I just put my little guy in the cart and off we go. He loves it and I love it. People think it's funny when they see me with the dog because they are not aware you can bring them in.
5 Love lowes, great prices and staff is always around and helpful. They take their time with you to make sure you understand.
4 Great store. Pretty much the same as Home Depot. If you can't find it here, you can always head to Home Depot. Between the two places, they pretty much have everything you need to remodel your home. I do prefer Home Depot Behr paint over Lowes brand though.
1 I just moved to the area and needed several big ticket items. When i first came in I was pleased with the service I received in appliances. About a week later i placed my order over the phone to take advantage of their black friday pricing. When i mentioned to the person taking my order that I would like to pay with a lowes account to take advantage of the 5% off and financing i was told i would have to be in the store physically to do so ,otherwise that person i worked with would not get credit for the order. OK,i liked her style and service and passed on the deal as i planned originally to pay cash anyways. (nice guy ,huh) I thought so...then i mentioned i had a 10% off coupon and was told it was not valid with this order..ok ( i believe you..lol..mistake).Note: i subsequently spoke to a manger about the 10% off,he honored it because it was valid..nice huh? dont you just love employees who will go to any length to get the deal done for themselves? amazing! Anyways fast forward a few days I followed up to make sure everything was on schedule..surprise they had it scheduled to be delivered 3 days before I was arriving..after i specifically told this person over and over the date I wanted (veneer starting to crack on salesperson of the year). Day of delivery,no call from delivery service as promised to set up delivery for that day. Surprise we forgot we will be there later today Mr B.......OK Delivery arrives...MrB we have a damage on the side of your fridge ..but if you accept it we will give you a 15% discount on the ENTIRE delivery....lol OK sure Ill take it...now mind you i asked 5 times and had them put it on the delivery invoice. If they didnt take the 15% of all I wouldent accept any. this was crystal clear. So following up as a professional does ...I found that my credit hadent shown up yet and spoke to a lowes manager on duty. went something like this mike:checking on my credit for the 15% lowes:sorry your not getting the 15% on the order only the fridge mike: thats not what i was told lowes:are you crazy ,why would we give you 15% on the whole order only the fridge was damaged? mike: that makes sense to me but your delivery service offered this deal to me,so i expect you to honor it lowes:no chance mike: i plan to make many big ticket items for my new home if you dont honor your promiise I will never do business with your company again lowes: have a nice life mike: very nice.   Oh he also tried to say that lowes contracts for the delivery's which they do and if i had a problem i should take it up with them.  LISTEN VERY CLOSELY:  1. I dont like being lied to by your employee to close a deal to start  2. Your follow up and order system are horrible.  3.I bought these products from YOU not XYZ delivery service..YOU need to call them up to resolve it. If i have someone working for me I am very clear on what they can and cannot offer to satisfy a delivery. Its not up to me to make it right nor am i responsible to fix or train your delivery contractor on the art of negotiation. He told me what I was getting and as a representative you are obligated to take care of me.Wherever you extract that money from to cover that mistake is not my business or concern.  This transaction illustrates the clunky nature of corporate transactions and the mentality that is accepted by compartmentalizing the responsibility for all actions along the entire life span of the order. By doing this they can blame each other and wash their hands of the problem. Very clever...you just lost a customer and all of the friends who he knows. But ,I know all you guys do is average it out over many transactions. I doubt Ill be missed for a nano second.  Home Depot here I come !
5 Lowe's is like my home away from home, especially in the summer with its great air conditioning! But I'm not writing to applaud the A/C.  Over the years, I've always been very pleased by everything about the Summerlin store. It's big, airy, clean, well-organized, and the prices and special sales make it very competitive with other home improvement stores.  More importantly, however, are the Lowe's people: friendly, helpful, and for the most part technically savvy on all their products, with very few exceptions.  By this review, I'd like to single out a few individuals who have gone "above and beyond" to help me. Margaret in home decor got me just the right curtains and alerted me to a 10% coupon which clinched the sale. Diana in customer service is always cheerfully helpful. Sarah in receiving generously gave me some scrap cardboard to pack a huge picture. George in plumbing gave me a tutorial on water valves that proved extremely useful, plus he has a cool sense of humor.  We need more people like this. Thanks to all, and those I haven't mentioned yet!  Walt Clayton
1 Lewis the assistant manager is the rudest person I have ever spoken with!!! I recently orders some appliances and had some issues with the delivery team, and when I tried to provide feedback to the store we had the displeasure of dealing with Lewis who showed us how little he cared by interrupting me to tell me how wrong I was and argue with me about the service we received. I wasn't looking for any sort of compensation only to provide feedback and find a solution, but was met with hostility and condescension instead. He flat out told me at one point that he didn't care and that it was "good" if I did business elsewhere in the future. It is really unfortunate that a member of management would have this sort of attitude and as a result I won't be shopping at Lowe's anymore. The other employees I have dealt with before at this location were all very helpful, but I can't bring myself to shop from a store where the management is so terrible.
4 Lowes is definitely more expensive than Home Depot but they are what Home Depot used to be.  Good service. Knowledgable people and catering to the average homeowner, fixer-upper or need some little item.  It's definitely more "decorator" than Home Depot so hard core remodelers probably don't like it at much.  I'm usually there for hardware, paint, plants, etc so it meets my needs perfectly and is just an all around more pleasant place to shop than HD.
