5 In the continued 'Wich hunt in Las Vegas, a friend led me to believe that there was a different side to these 'Wiches. A side that induced a different feeling; a feeling of warmth, closeness, and health.  Great Harvest Bread Company is like the Good 'Wich of the West! Great Harvest promotes for the healthy conscious with their variety of whole-grain freshly baked bread and hearty ready-made products.  Their welcoming offer of a sample of their freshly baked bread when visitors enter their bakery is their way of saying, "Hey! Try this delicious slice of flavorful goodness!"  My gf and I decided to give GHBC a try. As soon as we stepped in, we were greeted with a smile and a generous sample of their artichoke parmesan bread and pumpkin spice loaf with butter! We munched on them while we were glancing over their custom sandwich ordering sheet.  You have your different choice of meats, breads which also have a daily special for an additional .50, cheeses, and different deli toppings.  We got our sandwich grilled (an option to choose) with the daily special bread with pastrami, basil mayo, yellow mustard, provolone, peppercinis, and lettuce!  Yuh-meehhh! :P  We took the sandwich to go so it wasn't as fresh as we'd hoped it to be, but judging from how good the sandwich still was, I can tell it'd be even better! I'm excited to try more of their sandwiches and buying some of their loaves.  Cool factor-- What bakery do you know sells food for dogs too?  And that, my fellow yelpers, is why GHBC gets 5 stars!
5 A great Bakery that's close to home!  I went in with my husband and we both received a fresh slice of bread. Mine was sourdough, and it was delicious with a dab of butter. The lady at the counter was very friendly and helpful, and gave us some literature on the company, which includes the fact that they grind their flour fresh. We ended up getting a scone and a cinnamon roll, both of which were delicious. Next time we go we'll most likely be getting a sandwich and a loaf of bread to take home.
1 I love bakeries. I mean I L O V E bakeries. Asian bakeries. French bakeries. Bakeries in shopping malls, even.   So I had high hopes for this "bakery". Only, it wasn't much of a bakery, not in the classical sense of what a bakery is- meaning having a great smell, having an interesting selection, having, well, you know, bread.   Here's my story and I'm sticking to it. Strip mall. Huge sign. Good looking from the outside. Ah, but stepping in you feel as if you have fallen into a rabbit-hole of sorts. First, you get blasted by Country POP blaring over the speakers. And when I say blaring, I mean CAN YOU HEAR ME kind of blaring. Ouch, my ears!  So you take a deep breath, and ...NOTHING, no yeast, no warm bread, no pastry smell, Heck, not even the smell of fresh-baked cookies. You get stale deli meat and ? Lysol. I've smelled better smells going into the least of Subway sandwich shops, fer crissakes. Ouch again, my nose!  And the selection? I thought that the racks of bread were hidden somewhere around the corner. But there were none. Just a single rack of cellophane packed breads that looked manufactured out of an industrial oven. I would have been more impressed if they had a series of easy bake ovens churning out unique, individual loaves, not these mechanized rectangular lumps of sameness. Third ouch, my eyes!  The help was busy and took awhile to attend to us And we were the only customers there! So I asked for French bread. That paragon of baked goodness any decent bakery does with pride. But alas, no French bread?! No baguettes. Just a smattering of six or seven breads and some cookies and not much else. Holy hell there should be a penalty for a place calling itself Great Harvest and coming up empty like this. They should be called A Smattering of Cheap Loaves.  Then it hits me. This store is to a bakery as Taylor Swift is to Country music. Fluff. Packaged, slick fluff. Now I love Country/Western. The Johnny Cash and Merle Haggard stuff. They've been there, done that. But some waifish post-teen is going to tell me about Life. I just don't think so. Ain't much Western to pop music and there isn't much Bakery to this place. Not much they can impress a foodie with here.  I want something that smells like it came out of Grandma's oven! I want smells and the sight of beautiful loaves and baguettes and muffins and breads! I want individuality! I want a Harvest!!   This place in its' prepackaged, antiseptic blandness isn't it.  I'm all for keeping a small place afloat, but this place needs to sink like a big ball of dough! Go fill in space at some other strip mall elsewhere. Not near where I live. Hey, why not try placing this franchise in a mall somewhere where the teeney boppers don't know plastic from substance? I think it would go over well there.
4 Really enjoy me some Great Harvest. The free sample of bread that you get when you walk in the door is nice, but here's what happens to me every time I go there:  I walk in and go to the counter where they ask which type of bread I would like as my sample. I quickly make that decision and get my large slice of bread with butter on it, then proceed to order my sandwich (which will most likely have waaay too many toppings on it). While I wait for the sandwich, I eat the bread. A few minutes later, they bring out my sandwich, which is great. And it looks so good! There is one problem, though; I'm not that hungry anymore!   I literally do this every single time. I know, a little self-control would go a long way in my situation, but all of the bread is so good! Maybe there's something I haven't tried before. How could I pass that up? The sandwiches here are great, and I've thoroughly enjoyed every loaf of bread I've had bought from Great Harvest. The potato cheese is probably my favorite.   The one issue I have with this place - and another review has already mentioned this - is the smell. It doesn't smell like a bakery, a sandwich shop, or even a food place. I don't know what the smell is in there, but it doesn't smell like food. At all. It's a little off-putting, but the sandwiches here are great and more than make up for the olfactory confusion. I go here whenever I'm looking for a sandwich, and it's pretty close to my house, which is great!
5 If you aren't afraid of carbs then DEFINITELY check this place out!  I had some of the most delicious bread today I am soooo full it's disgusting! I walked into this small bread shop because the owner had given me a coupon earlier this morning so I went in for lunch.  He was very friendly and the staff seems to truly enjoy their job! So needless to say as I walked in they were joyful and cheery.    I walked up to the counter and they asked if I wanted to sample some of their bread - I first tried the potato cheese bread and almost died in heaven.  It was so soft and delicious, it didn't even need butter! I ordered my sandwich - I got a turkey on honey wheat grilled with lettuce, tomato, banana peppers and cucumber and it was wonderful.  After he gave me my sandwich he gave me another piece of bread to try - it was pumpkin. Wow... I don't have anything negative to say about this place. I've already recommended it to friends and family!   They also sell loaves of bread as well as homemade granola, flour, pancake mix, chocolate chip cookie mix, dog treats, etc etc etc... I can't wait to go back!!!
1 Terrible!!! Not even worth 1 star! My sandwich was sloppy and disgusting looking when I opened it to start. Meat & cheese & bread sliding around couldnt hold the sandwhich together. The bread looked like thin white bread when I ordered sour dough toasted which is always thick! Ended up Throwing it all away & went to Cafe Rio which was amazing!
4 My husband and I stopped by to get a sandwich one afternoon. The small shop smelled great, I had great customer service and the food was good! I read some of the other comments and all I can say is maybe they were having a bad day. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I felt the prices where a little higher than it should be. The Spinach Feta bread was awesome!!! It is a must try.
4 Potato Cheese Bread is the shining star here..... So soft and so yummy and so worth the over $6.00 bucks that it costs!!! The Gingerbread cookie is yummy and I don't even like gingerbread - All the cookies are huge and soft..... The cinnaburst bread is perfect with a slab of butter. The Marzuka bars (granola N raspberries) are yummy but may need to be cooked just a little bit longer. Their other bar is called a Kahuna Bar and it's made just like the Marzuka bar but instead of raspberries they put chocolate chips,caramel and coconut. I don't care for coconut but it's a yummy bar!!! My disappointment is with the Smores Bread -  Dosen't Marshmallows,chocolate and graham crackers all mixed into a bread sound just sound delicious ? Well it did to me but man it didn't taste good to me or anyone at work. The concensus is that it tasted like wheat bread with mini chocolate chips in it. The lady also told me that she couldn't put this bread into the bread slicer because of all the marshmallows - boy that got me excited. Well, no one spotted or even tasted a marshmallow. FYI-They will hand cut this bread for you if you want. I love fresh bread and I'm happy that there is a place close to work that I can buy fresh bread from and just from Walmart or Vons. Great Harvest is not cheap but sure is tasty. Don't forget that they have a bread slicer  and a frequent buyer card.  Just yesterday they had for sale green colored bread made to look like fingers with red nail polish and orange colored bread that looked just like a large spider - Very cute.....  Because certain things aren't there everyday you can special order what you like and pick it up the next day. I only wanted 2 pieces of their Kahuna Bars and they said sure so you don't need to order dozens of something to do a special order.
4 Delicious breads and friendly service.  Be sure to pick up a menu to find out which breads they make for what day. But no matter which day you go (except Sunday cause their closed... =[ ) you will find something yummy to try... from their potato cheese bread to cinnamon pull apart to their spinach artichoke to their scones. And big samples each time! And their sandwiches uses fresh ingredients and they have basil mayo sauce... so good! Been meaning to try their bread bowl soups but haven't gotten around to it... I will eventually.  Just tried their mint chocolate chip cookie.. yummy.
5 Great service at this location!  After the horrible service I received at the Marks Street location, I had decided that I would never enter another Great Harvest ever.  However, their products are so good and I need an already baked bread for a recipe I've found, so I went to this store.  The two women that were working were courteous and provided me with information regarding the amount of time they guarantee their bread before it goes bad.  When I entered, they only had a few loafs of bread to sample and the girl behind the counter assured me that she was willing to open a new loaf of bread from the shelf if what I wanted to sample wasn't currently on their cutting board.  I live near Blue Diamond and will make the drive to North Las Vegas in order to purchase from a store that is well versed on the proper treatment of paying customers.
5 For under $10, you can have a meal: sandwich of your choice, with everything picked out by you, including the type of bread, drink, chips and freshly baked cookies!!  I had the turkey avocado sandwich on whatever was the bread of the day. The place is cute and the workers were friendly and welcoming. I had a great time chatting with  a friend while eating. Located on 215/Decatur next door to Cici's/Best Buy across from Walmart shopping plaza.
4 Free slice of bread while you are deciding what you want to eat or buy. Awesome. I did see a couple of random kids run in just to get the free slice and leave. But it is their policy.   I had the Roast Beef Blue sandwich. I loved the blue cheese spread that they used on the sandwich, it really complemented the roast beef.   The staff was super friendly and helpful. The counter gal almost forgot to ring me up for my sandwich and when I told her that I hadn't paid, she was very thankful for me being honest. Karma baby, it comes back in the end if you are honest.
1 This is 3rd time I have been in the place and gotten day old Bread!!!!   Really, really....  You're a bread company, don't charge $6.75 for day old bread.    I have been to great harvest in Utah, Oregon and in Green Valley.  It is the most awesome bread on the planet.    I have to say I am very annoyed at the Decatur location.   The first time, I went with my kids and got it on white and when I said something to the empoyee about it, she said it wasn't baked there and came in the day before.     I just went there and spent over $20.00 on 3 loaves of bread and it's DAY OLD.  I will never go back!!!!!
5 I love it here.  Great sandwiches, friendly faces, and a clean shop.  I love the Chicken Salad sandwich.  Ian makes them the best though.  Some of the other employees don't get the chicken salad all the way to the corners.
4 This location is great!!!!  It started with Tim who took my preorder on Wednesday. He was quite helpful and efficient. Then when I got there today the place was quaint and neat. Unlike other locations you can see your bread options and drink options on the customer side of the counter which is nice. Lori was quite helpful and friendly. She took our order, helped mke choices and explained it all. Then she gave us our bingo cards for August which if you buy certain things and get bingo you get a free loaf of daily bread in August. Then they enter you into a gift card drawing. Nice!!! The menu is nice for a quick breakfast or lunch sandwich. I got a turkey melt essentially with build my own and grilled it. So yummy on light wheat! My friend got a build your own salad and it was nicely done. We got combos and it comes with a muffin or cookie and we both got one for the kids otherwise too much food! They have four bread options to chose from at this location to taste.  Got three different special breads as had buy 2 get 1 coupon from the downtown farmers market. The breads are fresh and good, the cinnamon swirl makes good French toast and they all are good in the freezer for awhile. This location has more specialty bread options nice variety! The only reasons not five stars is soooo far away and more healthy options would be nice! This location has different owners than the other one I visited and I like the service and perks at this one better.
5 The sandwiches are delicious an the bread is cooked to perfection. Clean faculty with a friendly staff. There isn't much traffic through there, but the food is delicious! I would recommend to all my friends.
4 I didn't get bread at a place with the word "bread" in the name, but got some bakery goods. The Kahuna is a blonde brownie with chocolate chips, butterscotch, coconut and  walnuts.   It's not too sweet or greasy and for $2.50 you get a large square. I will probably get that again.   The service was quick and friendly enough. Maybe I'll try the bread next time. They offer samples when you come in of the breads of the day which is awesome.   The downside is the selection is loaves of bread, and some cookies so not a full bakery. They do serve sandwiches so if you are in the area it could be a good one for a fast sammie lunch.
3 Here I go again fending off the Vegas hicks, I mean food critics, with half my brain.  The place is ok, but with BREAD in the title I expect something sort of like Atlanta bread was.  So when I got a sandwich and it was made with whole-wheat Wonder bread I could barely believe it. But I ate it and found that it was loaded with meat and cheese which was good, but if you put the bread on one plate and whole wheat wonder on another, I don't think anybody could tell them apart.
3 My sandwich was amazing. But customer service wasn't too great. The female cashier was complaining about her hours and another employee.
1 It's a sandwich place. Average bread. Average sandwiches. I doubt if they make their own bread there. Went there for breakfast sandwiches and they didn't have breakfast ingredients.   Overpriced for what you get. We've had better from a real bread place.   Should have gone to one of the local buffets instead...
4 Great tasting bread in a variety of tastes and textures. Some sweet or dessert types are available as well. This is a retail location only, does not have capacity to bake own bread. I enjoyed the complimentary tasting because I was starving. I will definitely be back.
5 Their sandwiches are awesome and you can have a free piece of fresh baked bread while you wait. I had a slice of banana bread today while I waited and it was simply delicious!   I always get turkey on wheat and even though I like Subway, this is so much better! The veggies are always super fresh and tasty and the basil mayo is outstanding.  You can also purchase loaves of their delicious breads, but I have not done that (yet).  The service is always very, very good and staff is always friendly.
4 I first went here because I never heard of them nore did I know what they were all about. Now I do and I am happy I gave them a try! Awesome breads! Different breads for ever day of the week except Sundays as they are closed. Flavors such as pumpkin spice, caramel apple, sour dough are just a few of what they offer. If you can't decide then the free slice bread for you when you walk in may help you decide!  Also check out their menu, their sandwiches are great! Partly due to the fact that they used their own great array of breads!  If you are having a get together and want something different to offer checkout the breads coming from great harvest as they are surely to turn heads and get compliments!
5 Hands down the best, home made type sandwich I have ever had, real comfort food.  It's real bread slices, not that sub crap.  The bread selection is great, different recipes made each day. Customer service is also spot on and you get to try what they have on the cutting board.  Awesome place!
