5 Eco-Electric is wonderful!  I feel so fortunate that I found this company for my electrical needs and I am quite picky when it comes to contractors.  I want them to not only be good at providing the service but also honest about how much they charge.  Chris did both.    I feel like a friend is over at my house doing the repairs.  He is excellent at what he does and very professional.  He brought his own shoe covers and wore them inside without my asking.   He goes above and beyond what he needs to do to make everything right for us even to the point of moving our heavy washer back in its original place when the repair was done.   I am totally convinced that he will be our electrician for future needs.
5 I needed an outlet installed in my pantry and Eco Electric was very prompt. The outlet was easily installed, it was inexpensive and the company was accomodating to my time schedule.  Highly recommend Chris at Eco Electric :)
5 Very professional and efficiant outfit!  Fixed a ceiling fan FAST and they were right on time with the scheduled appointment.  Great communication and very honest from start to finish.  They processed my payment over the phone for my rental property which made things very easy.  Thanks!
5 After moving into a rental home, my boyfriend and I were dismayed to find a few problems with our electric. Chris came out to view our issues promptly. He was very professional and listened to our complaints with great regard to our wallets. He was knowledgeable about our indoor and outdoor electric issues.   Ultimately, we decided to fix an outlet which was not live inside our kitchen. His crew did a wonderful Job and were very clean. I would highly recommend Eco electric.
5 Eco Electric was very easy to work with. I called them to check out why one of the bedrooms in one of  my rentals wasn't receiving electricity. They went out the next day and fixed the issue. Turns out one of the outlets in the master went out and caused many other issues in the house. The electrician quickly replaced it at a very inexpensive cost and was really nice to work with over the phone. Will be happy to work with you guys again!
5 If you need an electrician, this group is unbelievable!  Everything they did was exactly as described.  No surprises!  Very open to answering my questions.  Drew and Angel actually did the work at my house.  I couldn't have asked for anything more.  It's hard to find competent people in vegas.  And Chris, the owner, loves what he does and it shows!  Give these guys a shot!
5 After moving into our home, we realized just how dark the great room was. A decision was made to have recessed lighting installed and, while we were at it, add 2 more recessed lights to the ones in our kitchen. After searching for someone to do the work, I came across Eco online and saw all the rave reviews. I contacted them and they sent Bill out to give us an estimate. Bill was VERY professional and friendly when he came to do the estimate. After tons of work being done to our last house, I've gotten pretty good at weeding out the poor contractors and handymen. Bill's attitude and professionalism left me with no choice but to hire Eco....he was that good. I am happy and thrilled to say that the work they did on our home was above and beyond what I had hoped for. The work was done perfectly and every little bit of mess was cleaned up before they left. I know now that I have found a great electrician in our newly adopted city. Thank you Bill for making this easy.
5 Eco Electric has great customer service. I was able to schedule an appointment even early in the morning. Bill arrived on the appointed time and was very knowledgeable and professional in the situation and was able to it quickly. Highly recommended.
5 Didn't hire or use them yet, but when I called and explained I had gotten a quote from another company and was comparison shopping, they were happy to help. I explained my situation, timeline and expectations.  The very personable young lady on the phone explained the quick turnaround time would be tough, but offered to send a crew out to provide a quote for me the next day anyway.  Not wanting to waste ther time or mine, I explained the work, the likely hours it would take and the quote I had gotten from the other company.  She honestly told me that Eco Electric would likely be in the same neighborhood on pricing - the other company didn't sound unreasonable at all for the amount of work - and she could try to make my timeline but would feel better about scheduling it further out.  Honesty and integrity can't get much better than that.  I don't want to wait unless I can save a SUBSTANTIAL amount, and that didn't sound likely.  Thank you Eco for being honest and up front.  You can bet if the other company doesn't show up on time or doesn't do the work according to my high standards, you'll be the first call I make after I'm done kicking them out. Nice to know I have a safety net.  Easy to see why they have a solid 5-star rating with over 10 reviews - don't see that much.  Thanks again Eco!
5 Office staff very helpful over the phone and got an electrician out very soon. He worked quickly, which I appreciated since it didn't feel like he was milking that hourly rate. (took his shoes off in my house too, bonus points) Quality work.
5 Eco Electric is great--customer service is definitely a priority with them.  Anyway, I needed a REAL electrician to re-fix a couple of things that were installed by a friend of a friend.  Saw awesome reviews and decided to try them.  Requested my appointment online and Melissa, the office manager, confirmed by email.  How slick is that?  She also kept me updated by phone about when their electrician would arrive.  Joe was efficient, very professional, nice and oh so patient!  Got my fancy-schmancy kitchen timer switch and patio sensor light installed, tested, and ready to roll in record time.  Charged a very fair price for a fabulous job.  Should have used Eco Electric to get the job done right, the first time.  Just glad they could help!  Will use them again and will also recommend them without hesitation to anyone.
5 I had a great experience from my initial email inquiry through the completion of my project. I wanted to have recessed lighting installed in my living room. I sent an email inquiry and received a fast reply to schedule the appointment for an estimate. I had gotten a few other estimates and this one was much less and much more detailed- Bill came out and did a thorough review of what we wanted as well as checked the tresses (not sure if that is the right term) to make sure he was giving us the most accurate quote. He also told us what a light switch went to we had no idea was connected to anything! We immediately scheduled with them- it was obvious they knew what they were doing and were honest. We were able to get a fast install with Joe who did a terrific job and my husband said was very professional (I wasn't here at the time of the install) but the lighting came out FANTASTIC! I will continue to use them for any future electrical projects. The best part is the actual cost was less than estimated because the labor time for completion came under the estimate. I was very impressed and will recommend them to everybody I know.
5 I had Eco Electric come out and wire 3 rooms for overhead lights/fans.  Their price was a few hundred dollars cheaper than the other quote I received.  The work was done in 3 hours, just as they estimated and the workers were very courteous.  I would highly recommend them and I will not be calling anyone else the next time I need electrical work done,  Great Job!!!
5 Highly recommend to my clients and friends.  Next day appointment to repair a GFI short in my residence.  Melissa set appointment, gave me a 100% accurate quote, and provided the name of the technician.  The tech showed on time and was quick to fix.  He was also professionally  pleasant. What else could one ask for...
5 I have dealt with many electricians before but never had this experience. They are so reasonable with the prices and the people are all so amazingly sweet and professional! I am truly in awe of how easy it felt to deal with an annoying house chore. Just recommended them to my mom!
5 The breaker that controlled my pool sweep was kicking off several times a day. My pool was a disaster. After dealing with this issue for over a month, I checked Yelp ad saw the good reviews for Eco Electric. Well, I can say for sure that those excellent reviews were right on! The work was excellent and my pool equipment hasn't run as efficiently in the 10 years that I have owned this house. Thank you Eco Electric for your excellent service and reasonable prices. I'm a customer for life.
5 I used hired Eco Electric, back in June, to pull some ethernet, coax, and voice cables in a home that was just purchased.  Bill came out and did the site survey.  He was really patient and very professional.  He took his time and explained how his crew was going to pull the cables.  His team, Drew and Angel, did a wonderful job.  All the drops work perfectly and haven't had an issue.  I'll be using them again to do additional electrical work in the garage.    If you need an electrician that can do it all, these guys are it.
5 Where do I begin? I found out about this company through Yelp. Had some problems with my outlets and so I called and spoke to Melissa. Melissa is very, very kind and really easy to talk to! She was also very patient with me as I put her on hold a couple times. I told her about my situation, she gave me rates, we set an appointment and BOOM! this guy named Joe was here in about 15 minutes time. Joe is also easy to talk to and he is friendly, too. He knows a lot from what I gathered, which is great! All in all I would say the service was fantastic and super fast. I would most definitely recommend to anyone with electrical problems. To Joe, you freakin' rock man, thanks for your help and for answering all my questions. I'LL BE BACK.
5 Eco Electric has amazing customer service!!!  I haven't had any service done, because they troubleshooted my issue over the phone!  :)   My bathroom lights went out....all three bathrooms!  Only the lights, the outlets worked fine.  So, I checked the breakers...they were fine.  Then I did what any girl would do...I consulted google and after reading every message board I could find; I determined that I must have a short in the circuit.  I don't even know what a circuit is.    I decided to call Eco Electric from their amazing yelp reviews.  Melissa answered the phone was so sweet!!!  She advised me that there is a gfi outlet in the garage that may need to be reset and she walked me through the whole process over the phone, so I could do it myself!  Guess what?!?!?  It worked!
5 They showed up on time, were very professional, clean and thorough . On Las Vegas, that's a miracle.
5 Dustin or ECO Electric came on time and replaced the remote receiver in one of our ceiling fans at our Vegas property.  He was on-time and professional.. He had to leave to secure the correct parts and he explained that the clock would stop until he returned.  He completed the work and the fan and light functioned properly, and the charge was resonable.  I can recommend ECO to all our friends.
1 "Free Estimate" cost us $50!!!! What a scam. He came in, looked at the situation, changed a light bulb, and said it didn't qualify to be an estimate so that would cost us a service charge!?!?!  Conveniently he couldn't get ahold of his boss, so that cost us $50 when we feel it should have been free. Not cool.
1 In response to the comment by Melissa of Eco Electric- These are the events that followed and why we are upset. I had called and explained that the ballast of my light fixture had gone, that I have had this problem before that I knew what it roughly would cost me due to my experience last year with the same issue but a different company. I let them know that I expected it to be around $65 and was looking to get it done for around the same cost. She told me that they would come out and give me a free estimate on installing a new fixture. I told her that I wasn't looking for a new fixture that I just wanted the ballast fixed. She told me that they would still come out and give me a free estimate on how much it would cost to fix and how much it would cost to install a new one. Bill looks at it and says just the light bulb was out. That will be $50. I said that you were supposed to come out with a free estimate, he said yeah but there is nothing to estimate here. That he has to charge me for a house call, unless we had something else we needed an estimate for. Bill said he has to cover the drive "all the way out here", all 1.7 miles. We had him do something else minor just to feel like we weren't getting ripped off. We feel like we did getting ripped off because we were never told that if he finds nothing wrong that we will be charged. Also if we had him give us an estimate on something, and said no we don't want it done, then we would of been charged nothing? Also, I was so specific when I called in she could of easily given me an estimate of how much that would cost. When I say it is this and it should cost us no more than this, she knew exactly what I was talking about and probably could of given me an estimate without even having to send someone out. Instead she tried to upsell me into getting an estimate on a new fixture (which I never got). Bottom line I called with a problem, she said it would be a free estimate to say how much it cost to fix, they come out and tell me to change the light bulb, and ask for $50. That's a charge not an estimate. If your willing to come out for free to diagnose and estimate cost, this shouldn't be any different.
5 Joe was super friendly and professional . He fixed my ceiling fan problem in less than 30 minutes. Will definitely recommend.
5 I called Eco Electric for an estimate on a 1950s house that I made an offer to purchase with some obviously seriously wrong wiring (extension cords stapled to framing of garage used to "hardwire" things?!).  Bill took the time to retrace all wires to give a proper estimate and explanations of my options to fix.  Professional, personable, and I trust them.  I will be getting the work done from them when we close on the house.
5 These guys are awesome!    Beginning with Angel in the office and Melissa one of the owners, and ending with Angel the technician.  Everyone ensured that my electrical problems were taken care of.  Fast, same day service and they actually knew what they were doing.  Angel fix a bad wire job and recommended some future repairs.  All this for what I believe was a very reasonable rate. I highly recommend them to everyone.
5 I'm a repeat customer. Melissa is great to work with over the phone, super friendly.  Dustin showed up on time and was very sweet. He did a through job. I will use them again.
3 Melissa was awesome! She was able to schedule someone to come out and hang my pendant lights the same day. She was friendly and professional. She even called me back to let me know an earlier opening was available. The electrician that came out, Lucio, was on time, but it took him a while to get going. I have a new construction home and it took him 20 minutes to figure out which light switch was connected to the pendant lights (the builder hadn't taken the plastic off the wire). He wasn't very gentle and damaged the lighting cover for one of my pendants. It wasn't noticeable, so I just went with the program. The end quote was $25 more than the original quote Melissa gave me (even with the $10 advertised senior discount we didn't discuss during the initial phone call). I think I ended up paying extra for Lucio's lack of knowledge. At the end of the day, the lights are beautiful and hung professionally. Overall, I'm satisfied. They did what I expected them to be able to do. I'm  just not overly impressed.
5 These guys are amazing they came out on short notice for my spa and then we called again for some things around the house that need correction...fast and on time great people to work with...and to top it off we forgot some things but they came right back out and didn't charge us the minimum fee again awesome company keep up the GREAT work!!!     HIGHLY RECCOMEND the girl on the phone was super nice and dustin? was great as well!!
5 Eco Electric is the best!  The entire crew is super nice and professional.  Bill came to the house right on time for the estimate.  As I listed the projects, he explained what needed to be done in detail. Joe and Drew came out as scheduled.  They did an awesome job!  They hooked up a ceiling fan, installed dimmer switches, installed two sconces, and fixed my home address plate light.  They had to go through the attic and pull wire to the sconces.  They installed them perfectly  - centered and beautiful!  I highly recommend them and will use them for all of my electrical work!
5 Great electricians. Fast service. Accurate analysis. Very professional service.   Trust Yelp you can't go wrong.   These guys had high rating on yelp and now I know why!  Thanks ECO for the great job you did today in my LV home.
5 I have AMERICAN HOME SHIELD-  CROOKS. After AHS denied services I had to find an electrician. I read ECO electric's yelp reviews and called sunday evening - left a voice message. I got a call Monday next morning at 9-15 am and they were at my house by 12:30 AS PROMISED- on time no hassle service. I was quoted 1hr - maybe 2 at most.  The technician came out, assessed the repairs, fixed them and went the extra mile to repair some additional item that was obviously in need of attention and the work was done by the close of the business day.  WAY TO GO ECO !  LUIS- flyright
5 Excellent communication and very friendly electrician. Bill went above and beyond in explaining the electrical issues I was having at my house. The repairs were fast and very affordable. An honest electrician is hard to find. I highly recommend Eco Electric! I also had a schedule ifn issue and was not home when the electrician came but Melissa was very friendly and accommodating and sent an electrician out 3 hours later when I was home at no additional charge. Excellent service.
5 Add us to the long list of satisfied customers.  Wanting to make a few upgrades before summer, I started looking for an electrician. I asked around for referrals with no success.  After contacting other electricians, and one being a no show, I found ECO Electric with tons of 'glowing' reviews. Melissa was very cordial and made an appointment with Bill for an estimate.  The first thing Jesus did when he arrived, was apologize saying Bill was ill and he would be doing the estimate. That was fine with me. He is very nice, easy-going, respectful, knowledgeable, and I learned he's a master electrician. Jesus understood everything I wanted and emailed the estimate. I called the office and made arrangements to have the work done. Melissa said it would be an all day job for pre-wiring and hanging four ceiling fans, install recessed lighting with dimmers, and exterior outlets.   Jesus arrived before 8 waiting for his team, Lucio and Joe. He lined out the job, and we were in good hands. Joe and Lucio are pretty cool! They worked well together accomplishing everything in an orderly manner, were organized, protected the work areas, kept us apprised of everything, and even put up with Buffy who supervised the job at every turn. She was pooped afterwards! We couldn't have had a better team. I don't ordinarily have work crews where I'm not underfoot looking at everything.  I have a good sense of people and felt very comfortable and asked to make themselves at home. We feel they are assets to ECO Electric.   Recommended?  Absolutely!   Living here only three years, we now have a plumber, water treatment service, pest control and a highly recommended electrical team we will definitely refer. We're extremely pleased with the high-touch customer service, and the end results. Thanks, we are happy!
5 I called Eco Electric because of 5 star review on Yelp. I am so glad. They are cheaper than last company I used, being that they charge on 1/2 hour increments after 1st hour, don't smoke on the clock, and know what they are doing. I am very happy with Eco Electric.
5 Requested my appointment online in the wee hours of the night when I remember things, woke up to an email, confirmed my appointment, Rob was early and he was done in no time! I am definitely using them again. It's so nice to not have weird flaky people to do business with! Thank you Eco  I can now see the light(literally)
5 I experienced and electrical problem this morning and called Melissa at Eco. I'll cut to the chase: I would not go anywhere else or consider anyone else because from the initial request for help to the completed work, everything went to perfection! Bill arrived on time and even called to say he might be running a bit late. His work was flawless and he did more than expected. He explained everything he did, went about his work as a true professional and completed the billing transaction effortlessly. This is my second experience with these great folks and if I could rate ALL ASPECTS of the service higher I certainly would. Eco is simply an outstanding company with a superb group of people.
4 I would probably give these guys 5 stars, but to me 5 stars is for exceptional service.   I had a front porch light not working and I of course tried changing the bulb with no luck. Then I noticed that when I turned the light fixture itself, it would turn on- momentarily, so I figured it must just be a loose wire.   I then started to unscrew the light fixture so that I could check the wiring (I've never done this before, but it looks simple enough on youtube) but decided to call an electrician when I noticed the light fixture wasn't coming off very easily.   I didn't want to end up with it just hanging out of the socket because I pulled on it too hard.   Well, I made an appointment with Eco Electric on their online appointment setter here: http://ecoelectriclv.com/appointment-request/ .   And that's where they lost a "star". Meaning that they didn't call me to confirm, but they did email asking me if a specific time spot would work.   I didn't notice the email until about 10am that morning (I emailed them at about midnight) and I called, but they didn't seem to have any record of me in their system.   That Said...   I still give them 4 stars because they worked to still get  me a same day appointment and they did.   The electrician, Joe came out and seemed like a good guy. He though that the problem would be a super simple 5 minute fix, because he sees a lot of sensors go out in these homes.   Unfortunately that wasn't the problem. The problem turned out to be that I needed a whole new light fixture because it was extremely corroded on the inside where the actual bulb screws in.   So he still ended up replacing the sensor, at a very discounted price since he was there and still has to charge for the service call, and he said that the sensor would probably go out very soon anyway since he sees that so often.   So after installing the sensor, what he did was explain to me exactly how to just go to Home Depot and install a new light fixture of my choice, which is very- very easy to do, and this would be cheaper than having him do it.   Some might be thinking, "Well, you ended up having to fix the problem yourself. Why would you still rate them 4 stars", and my answer is simple...   Because despite having to pay for the service call, Joe was very honest and wanted to ensure I didn't spend an extra $80 or more for him to install a new fixture, when I could just go down Home Depot, pay $25 for one and install it myself in just a few minutes.   This also taught me how to fix the problem myself in the future for the back porch light or any other simple light fixtures.   Bottom line, I feel confident these guys are legit...
5 I was thrilled with the speedy, honest, and reliable service I received from EcoElectric! I had a small job under difficult circumstances (I was helping out a relative but didn't have the correct key to the house). When my electrician Dan arrived (right on time) I couldn't get in. Not only did Dan not charge me, but he didn't get upset. Then, he accommodated my crazy schedule and returned when I needed him (and when I had made the request only the evening prior). The prices are very very reasonable too. I would highly recommend this company and especially Dan.  He quickly analyzed the problem, looked for additional bad bre , Please note though, the company (rightfully so) I'm certain has the usual policy for a minimum charge for a service call. My situation was a little different because even if the electrical problem had been an easy fix (like resetting a GFI) I would have expected to pay the minimum service charge. And in my lock-out situation I would expected to and offered to pay the minimum charge.
5 Needed a ceiling fan installation on a high ceiling. The quote I received from Eco Electric beat the competition hands down. The quote was for one person's time, but they dispatched two at no extra cost to make sure the job was completed ok (due to the high ceiling).  Rob and Joe got everything done, quickly and properly. As well as doing a great job, they were friendly to boot.  Will use Eco Electric again and I'd recommend them.
5 Well, add me to the list.  Bill is Mr. High Voltage -- had him out for a couple jobs, one some improvements, one repairs.  Prices were reasonable, work was done timely and well, there is really not a lot more to say.  I am scratching electrician off my list because I'm covered and will be calling these guys if I ever need help again.
5 Super Friendly staff, work was delivered as promised! This is my go to crew for electrical work for my home and rental properties!
5 Eco electric has the best, most reliable, and most honest electricians around. They provide great service, give solid and reasonable prices, and do what they say they will. We love Eco electric! Highly recommended and we got a lot of quotes and did a lot of research in the Las Vegas valley.
5 These guys are amazing. I had a big electrical problem on a small apartment unit in Las Vegas. Everyone was on point, from owners Melissa and Chris, to the guys in the field; everyone made me feel that my electrical problem was in good hands.   They took the time to troubleshoot everything and find the best solution, both financially and for the best quality job. Communication was constant and thorough. Count me as a very pleased Eco Electric customer guaranteed to call them again if I need electrical services anywhere they service. :)
5 Quick and informative service!  After over a year without power in our master bedroom (yes, we procrastinated), I finally decided to reach out to Eco Electric to resolve the issue. I submitted a request for an appointment online for the same day and was happy to get a call back saying that they would be happy to service my request.  Five minutes before the appointment time, Joe showed up and we walked him through the issue. After trying the first breaker option, the problem reoccurred. Turns out someone had tried to repair this issue before an rewired our breaker box.   After 10 minutes of tinkering, the problem was solved for good and for much less than what I anticipated!
