5 Awesome dive bar. Recently opened and turned what was a quiet place into a thriving fun bar. Go see the girls all dressed up, play poker or pool, and enjoy some great drink specials.
5 This place is a lot of fun! The girls wear costumes and everyone is so friendly. When Dodey is there, she greets every customer and there is a feeling of community in there. Prices are very reasonable and they make good Bloody Mary's! Can't describe it totally but you should go and get "initiated". It's too funny. I like to take new friends in and watch their reaction. I wouldn't call this a "dive bar". It's clean. Maybe a neighborhood bar? You decide!
4 Great neighborhood bar.  Lower end liquor selection but the juke box is awesome.  Loud music and cold beer make it good...add bartenders in lingerie and you get to great!
4 Have been to Dodey's twice in one week!  A very fun and friendly neighborhood bar.  Hesitate to call it a dive bar.....but it is a no-frills place and the drinks are cheap. More emphasis is put into making it a great place to hang out, drink, and enjoy yourself.  All the action is at the bar.  Might be because of the sexy  bartender, Sevina (sp) and Dodey's playful and engaging personality.  :)  If you are in the area, it is definitely worth dropping in.  This is a place where people who just want to drink, listen to good loud music, and have "let your hair down" fun will want to go.   They have a Party 'til you Pee drink special.  Need to check into that. Pretty sure those with small bladders are dimly looked upon that night....by the patrons at least!
4 Dodey's has a crowd of just about everything one can imagine! We were lured in by the "girls in naughty costumes" sign when this first switched owners. We are next door having dinner and figured we couldn't pass up seeing what the heck was going on. There is a long bar and basically 2 sections to the bar. Nothing fancy. Pretty much your typical diver, but a bit cleaner! Service is friendly and Dodey and her son seem SO very dedicated to keeping the customers, happy, safe, and entertained. The jukebox is new and usually playing a good variety. There is pool, darts, and sometimes they have wii going on the flatscreen. No food is served here, but SNY is next door and they will deliver for free and you can eat right at the bar. The drinks here are DIRT CHEAP. Our bill has never been more than 20 bucks and I typically leave slightly faded.  Dodey's is a fun, safe, almost odd little pop in place for a drink or four.
5 Have to admit that we might be pretty biased...cause we love Dodey and have become regular visitors to this fun bar.  If you live or work in the North Valley, stop on by and enjoy her company ( or any of the gorgeous gals she has behind the bar!).
3 Cheap drinks.  Scantily clad bartenders.  Clean, clean, clean!  We arrived at 1130p on a Thursday night and the place was pretty much dead.  There were a handful of patrons sitting at the bar and a bartender behind the bar.  She was friendly, energetic and checked on us often.   After we finished our beer we tried to settle up the bill, but we were informed that we could not use a debit/credit card for purchases under $10.  The two beers we drank only came to $7 so we were forced to stay and enjoy another round.  While it seemed like an inconvenience for a second, the reality is; any place that you can get a good beer on tap for that price is A-OK in my book!   We will have to come back and try Dodey's when it is a bit busier.  I can see this place being a LOT of fun!
4 I don't know if Dodey's is seedy enough to be classified as a dive bar, but I can say CHEAP ASS DRINKS!~  There are lots of fun things to do like playing pool or darts, or simply staring  at the chicks in lingerie behind the bar. (You guys know who you are).  Dodey really knows how to light up a room and make everyone feel special and glad they came. Watch out for her though, she has been known to walk around shouting "Vodka shot for your beer?" and that can be downright dangerous.   I'm not going to blow the secret on the newbie initiation but it is hilarious to watch and fun to partake in. If you are in the neighborhood I highly recommend stopping in for a pint. Just don't blame me if you end up taking a cab home.
1 I used to like this bar.....until I met the owner......worst bar in arizona
5 After reading the reviews I had to check this place out. The first hour and a half was spent half expecting a massive bar tab as the place seemed too good to be true.  Half dressed young ladies, pool, darts, pinball, golden tee, big game hunter and the WII.  Place is clean and people are friendly...oh and the drinks are cheap.  Will repeat.
5 Obligatory stop for a drink...Dodey is here so that is always good
1 Went in on Saturday night 2/9/13 around 10pm. Been here a few times, probably 4 times in the last 6 months. This was probably the last.  I went in with some friends, place was busy. Small parking lot was full, parked next door at the closed bike shop. We wanted to play some pool and get some drinks. We went in, I went straight to the bartender and asked if there was a waitress working. She said yes and I showed her where we were sitting. 15 minutes passes so I go ask again, same bartender says someone will be over. So we wait. From what I could gather it looked like they had 2 bartenders and 1 bouncer. They could have used some help being Saturday night.  They probably and the worst and most random music I've ever heard. Just a complete mix of everything. This bar has no identity. Dirty inside. Smells weird. Bathrooms looks and smells like a someone had bad Mexican food and drank a 30 pack. Barely any girls here, the only ones you'll find most the time are the bartenders. Don't blame girls for not coming here. Very unattractive bar inside.   We decided to play some pool while we wait. Can't be their 75 cent games! But, all pool cues are trashed, bad. All tables felts are garbage. And all tables need to be re-leveled due to bad slanting from people leaning on it I assume. So you get what you pay for. Doesn't bother me that bad since it's so cheap, just don't expect to impress anyone if you're any good. After the first game we are still waiting. I take a break and let other friends play while I read the few month old stacks of newspapers they keep around as well as expired promotion event coupons (months old). They finish another game. It's been over half hour. Time to leave I guess. Left the bar thirsty and paying $1.50 in pool.  This hurts to write this review as I love dive bars/hole in walls. This place service quality just keeps getting worse. I used to not care because the drinks were so cheap. But it's just become too bad for me. On the plus side the staff is friendly when you can find them. And drinks are super cheap. This bar needs to be on Bar Rescue. It has the right location, but no identity. I could turn this place around, it's just that bad. I'm guessing the owner just doesn't care much about this place.
5 My favorite neighborhood bar :)
5 I don't visit bars often but Dodey's is certainly worth going to again.
