4 This is going to become quite a cool hangout for anyone who enjoys a good cigar and a beverage that goes well with that cigar. The humidor is well stocked with high end products and they have great inventory of accessories for enjoying this simple pleasure of life.  This is a cozy destination for a night out to enjoy a great cigar in a comfortable setting.  Go. You will enjoy yourself.
5 Fox Cigar Bar is a must stop location for anyone who is looking for the nostalgic smoky bar that our grandparents used to go to.  There is a great selection of cigars that range from the expensive (and hard to find) Opus or Padron to the low cost flavored cigarillos that any sultry dame would smoke.  Fox has to have one of the best stocked bars in this state with what seems like hundreds of whiskeys, bourbons, beers, ports and everything else I don't have the memory to write about. The amazing, and super friendly, bartenders will make you anything on request and even offer you some of their own creative inventions. Prices on the alcohol are really affordable and won't leave your bank account empty the next day.  Thursday, Friday and Saturday are the busiest time for the bar so make sure to get their early or you won't be able to sit in their leather chairs or at the bar (standing room only). It's not a huge deal either way because the dimly lit room has 7 tv's to keep you entertained or people from all walks of life to talk to.  Go for the smoking. Go for the drinks. Just find a reason to go!
5 This is the best cigar bar in the valley!  A great selection of premium cigars at great prices.  Add a well-stocked bar, a good selection of craft beers and a friendly and knowledgable staff, and why go anywhere else!
5 I've been to a handful of cigar shops in the Valley, and Fox takes the cake. Hands down. With a vast humidor that has more cigars than you could think of and an incredible bar to match.  The staff is extremely friendly and very knowledgable of their tobacco and alcohol. Their prices on everything are very reasonable. I have noticed that the majority of their cigars range from $5-8 a piece. Now their alcohol is on the same page as their cigar selection. They literally have hundreds of whiskies, scotches, bourbons, tequilas, rums, etc. Not to mention the tap with a handful of craft and local beers.   Sit down in one of their leather chairs and have a Gurkha, cognac infused cigar and sip a glass of scotch on the rocks. Don't worry about missing the game, they've got plenty of televisions with the game on. Don't be mistaken, this is NOT your dive bar to watch the game. This place is better, plus they don't' serve any food.  Mitchell Fox (owner) is usually around, and even helped me out the other night. He gave some great ideas on cigars for guests for my upcoming wedding and was more than accommodating in what we were looking for.  Every time I've gone there's a handful of people in there, usually middle aged men having a smoke and talking. Very nostalgic and what you would expect and old school cigar bar to be like. You'll find locals with their laptops getting some work done, men hanging out, fathers and sons getting together, and if you're as fortunate as I am... you'll be there with your fiancée enjoying a cigar and scotch.  I have a feeling that I will become a regular, and with their prices and customer service, there's absolutely no reason not to.
4 If you want to enjoy a good smoke with a solid selection of craft brew, this is a great choice.  Excellent customer service as well!
5 This is a maaaan's world -- in my best James Brown impression.  This is also a man's bar, I think the term "sausage-fest" was coined here.  This is an awesome cigar bar with some tasty beverages.  I tried the Macallan 25 here and fell in love, we're getting married next week.  I'm not going to give you too many details because I want you to go there yourself to check it out.  My only gripe about this place is that they have two unisex restrooms.  There is no need for this, it's a small enough place where there isn't a stampede of men running to the restroom together.  C'mon, give the ladies their own loo.  Also, toilet seat covers are a must!
5 Go for the Rocky Patels! Great place to find and enjoy a cigar in Gilbert, liqour selection isnt too shabby either. The service has been great each time I've been here. I can't ask for a better place to sit down and enjoy some no'mam time with your buddy. Though I do have to say, get there early on NFL Sunday...it turns into standing room only. 27 stars!
5 Went to Fox's the other night! Have been going for quite some time and it's always a great time. Very classy and enjoyable atmosphere with a huge humidor & great beer selection. It's a nice place to relax & have great conversations. Looking forward to going back soon!!
4 The cigars are actually priced pretty low compared to other high end smoke shops in the valley.  They had the best selection I have seen yet. A lot  of hard to find sticks in stock and they don't gouge either which I appreciated.I usually come down here to stock up when I'm in the area .   I don't stay for a drink cause the bar layout is kinda crowded.The pictures you see are kinda deceiving about the size of this place but it is pretty small. Probably because the humidor is freaking huge and takes up more than half the space. Other than that , it's a great looking place with lots of character and again , fantastic selection of cigars.
5 Great place. I go there often.
4 yes, yes, yes. It amazes me that it took someone so long to get it right. This cigar store/bar is the future of all cigar stores. cigars, scotch, beer, multiple flat screens. very good selection of cigars great seating, nice events. The only thing i wish were different is I wish it was just a little bit larger, other than that it's the best cigar store in the east valley and probably phx.
5 What to say, what to say...I don't have many words that can describe my love for this place.  Hundreds of amazing alcohol choices - whiskey, bourbon, port, beer...you name it, they probably have it (or will be open to finding it).  As far as beer goes (since that's my specialty), they have lots of local options and are constantly doing promos and events with breweries and cigar companies.    Yes, it is usually a "sausage-fest" on any given night, but since I've been frequenting this place the past few months, I've noticed more and more women visiting; if not for the alcohol and cigars, then at least to accompany their husbands/boyfriends.  It's a really friendly place, so women - please don't be deterred just because there are a lot of men there.  The staff is knowledgeable about everything they sell, and there is always someone to keep the humidor running smoothly, so that even on event nights, there is never a long wait.    I love that I can go in there with what limited smoke knowledge I have, ask whatever questions I need to, and always get an answer without any judgements or attitude.  There is nothing snobby or pretentious about Fox Cigar Bar.  They will even give you advice in regard to which drinks pair with which cigars (while still allowing you the freedom to make your own tasty decisions).  While they don't serve food, many of the events they host include catered food, and there are some good restaurants around the area, so eat up before you go in.
5 Love this place...great prices on cigars with a wonderful selection.   Literally hundreds of drink choices including over 70 different types of Scotch!   I cannot wait for the patio to get finished
5 awesome place
5 Really good selection and great prices. I haven't had a chance to sit down and have a few drinks yet but there always people there at the bar or in the nice leather chairs. Talk is usually about sports, cigars or other things interesting. Staff is always nice and fairly knowledgable. The heavier-set white guy that usually there is cool and always asks if I need anything. Just about done renovating the patio. Will be back soon to have some drinks and obviously, a cigar or two.
5 After years of loyalty to a few cigar shops I decided to try something different.  Man, was I missing out.  I walked into Fox Cigar Bar (7/9/12)  and was awarded with kindness and expertise.  Not to mention a wonderful selection of great IPA beers, Aged Whiskeys, and rare/hard to find cigars all waiting for me to consume.  If you demand quality, this place is it.  They have cigars sitting in full stock that other shops told me are impossible to get.  Amazing.  Pricing, not an issue.  Prices were great.    The staff was awesome.  The bartender made my wife the best Bloody Mary she has ever had in her life and I enjoyed a Zino and a Dave's Pale Ale.  After enjoying a great smoke I purchased a few cigars that were all about at cost, great deals.  The humidor had a cigar expert on hand to give great advice, not hands on, just right and walked around to insure guests felt at home.  This place had me at "hello"...  I am now a customer for life.  So much so, I am going back tonight.
5 Best cigar bar in the valley. Their prices are so good, they stay competitive even with online cigar retailers. Drink prices are good and you can drink fancy or cheap. They have a sweet place and new amazing heat busting patio. Seems like their motto is "keep the prices low and people will keep coming".
4 Went on a Wednesday night and it was pretty busy. We sat on the patio since I'm not a huge smoke fan. Awesome beer selection. I had 60 minute IPA from Dogfish Head. Great, knowledgable staff. My husband had a cigar and didn't feel at all intimidated and he's not a cigar guy. We'll def be back!
5 This place has to be the best place to enjoy a cigar and a drink in the whole valley.  Spectacular selection of booz and cigars, best possible prices on tobacco, friendly staff and patrons.  What's not to like?  Just need to open one up in Tempe/Scotts now...
4 Mr. M & I went out for a day date on Sunday and I wanted to surprise him by taking him to Fox's.  We live close to Maduro's, but from the reviews Fox's sounded like a good cigar bar as well.    I like the smell of cigars, but that's really where it ends for me.  I did enjoy sitting at the bar sipping some Woodford Reserve and watching sports on TV with my man, but it's probably not a place I would return to again unless we sit outside.  First, like some of the reviews mentioned, it's pretty much a penis party in this joint, which is to be expected, and some of those guys seem to be pretty territorial over their spots.    Nothing like listening to some loud talking blowhards go on for an hour about golf or football, etc.  OK Richard, I get it that you are avoiding the wife and kids, but strut on out to your 'Vette and let someone else have a crack at the comfy leather chairs.  The bar stools were ok, but after sitting there for a little over an hour my cheeks were asleep.  I can tell they have an excellent ventilation system, but you're still going to come out smelling like a lovely cigar no matter what.  We decided we'd come back for sure when it cools off a bit and partake of the outdoor seating.  The employees and the booze selection deserves 5 stars for sure!  And the prices were very reasonable.  I can't remember the woman who waited on us at the bar...it was Miranda, Melinda, Amanda.....I apologize, but she was great and attentive without hovering and when I was curious about a Woodford Reserve bottle I had never seen before she was happy to take it down and let us look at it.  We also saw her at Cantina Laredo afterwards and she waved at us.  Really friendly people working at Fox's.   Overall we decided we'd definitely go back.
5 Awesome place for a great cigar, they are always switching up their beer on tap selection. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
4 Great place, excellent selection, very casual.  Not an upscale cigar bar but still great environment to unwind.
5 what can I say except, I love this Bar, as the song goes- when ever I am passing thru Gilbert - this is the one place I stop at before any other place - my cigar and drink is first on the agenda in Gilbert - nothing else matters in life except the simple pleasures - a good smoke and a great tasting single malt   thats my story and I am sticking to it..
5 Fox Cigar Bar is a the best cigar bar in the valley.  Large selection of cigars that range from the expensive to the low cost.  Many different choices that any sexy gal like myself would love to puff on.  Furthermore, Fox is one of the best stocked bars I have ever seen.  And trust me, I have seen countless bars in my day!  The bartenders are amazing and friendly, making you feel right at home.  Prices are really affordable compared to other places.  If you like to drink and smoke like I do, you've got to check this place out!
5 Great cigar  bar,  near santan in gilbert.  My friend and i usually come here about 3 times a month, full bar, huge selection of cigars, and a outdoor patio with heaters when its cold.
4 Fantastic cigar & spirits selection. I was going to give them 5 stars b/c the service the first time I went was awesome, but had to knock a star b/c service was abysmal the second time I went - it was a totally different crew. I guess you have to go on the right night...
5 OUTSTANDING!  Cigar enthusiasts should make it a point to visit. Fox has a very large humidor and they use the space to present an excellent selection of cigars.  I couldn't comment on the selection relative to other shops in the area but it blows away my favorite local shop back in Virginia Beach.  The prices are very reasonable and they offer a box discount.  Their staff is very knowledgeable and very willing to help with a recommendation.  The smoking lounge is very comfortable and well appointed, it has (as the name implies) a full-service bar so you can enjoy a cup of coffee, a drink, beer, or wine.  I did notice a selection of specialty bottled micro-brews.  There are several flat-screen televisions inside and an outdoor area with seating, table service, a flat screen and several outdoor heaters fashioned like street lamps.  Free wi-fi is available throughout.  Lastly, I was very pleasantly surprised by an act of service that I never received from my favorite cigar shop from back in VA Beach (here in AZ for 7 months on temporary assignment).  Essentially, they exchanged a couple of lighters that that come with an unconditional lifetime warranty. I noticed that they carried them, asked if they could facilitate shipping them back to the manufacturer for me as (this was the only service That the shop that sold them to me offered).  Long story short - they offered to exchange them on the spot.  I lleft with two new lighters and a big smile.  Go, ask for Joe.  Lenny Mochi
5 Love this place! Great selection on cigars, they have a killer selection on craft beer and a stupid amount liquor to choose from! If you are in the mood for a great cigar, a chill atmosphere and a drink to relax in, then this is definitely the place to be!
5 Awesome place! Good selection of craft beer & cigars. Friendly & knowledgeable staff. Fox regularly has cigar/beer events with great deals on cigars or cigar/alcohol pairings. Definitely one of my favorite places I feel I no longer need to build a man cave as I can just go to Fox Cigar Bar.
5 For those who are new to cigar smoking or are true connoisseurs, Fox should truly be a destination for you, especially if you're local! Their humidor is literally jammed packed with a great selection of premium cigars to fit anyone's budget. To make your experience more enjoyable, they have a full bar for you to have a cocktail or beer with your smoke. Cliff and staff are great! Very attentive, helpful, and QUICK...which says a lot since they are constantly busy with a packed house.  If I had to pick one "Nobody's perfect" thing about the joint, they need to regularly keep the White Chocolate Ale on tap =) Thumbs up!
5 Very nice bar, great selection of alcohol and cigars. Fun employees, A must try if you enjoy cigars.
5 The coolest Cigar and Liquor bar in Gilbert...maybe in AZ.  80+ scotches...Mucho Whiskey and Tequila - And the best and biggest humidor in the area...Rachel is awesome behind the bar!  Prices are good as well...WORTH THE VISIT!!!
5 Great place to go for a cigar and a drink.  Staff bends over backwards for their patrons and it feels like one big family.  Good quality cigars that even beat the price on line.  Cliff keeps up on imports selections for beer so always something new.  Become a fan on facebook and be notified of the events they have regularly!  Not to mention the new Fox lounge that just opened on the NE corner of McDowell and Power.  Ya just can't go wrong if ya like cigars!!! And no,  I have no affiliation with the place I have just gotten treated great over the yrs and thought they deserved a shout out!
5 Great place, sit back and enjoy a good smoke without feeling pressured.  Truly enjoy your time, have a drink and surf the tablet...or whatever.  Great humidor, and drink selection to accommodate.
5 Great selection of cigars.  Knowledgeable and friendly staff. One of the most beautiful bars in the valley.
3 Nothing "special" but a decent place.   Good cigar selection - Prices are a bit high  Patio is nice  Very Small indoor seating area - not good for a place in Phoenix!  Variety of bar drinks is good  Good staff / service
5 Best Cigar Bar in town! I'm a frequent visitor of Fox's and refuse to go to any other cigar bar. The staff is super friendly and attentive. They always have the best craft beers and they know how to make the best mixed drinks!
5 You can't ever get enough of this place.  Great atmosphere, great cigars, a fully stocked bar and a very fun and friendly staff.  The local hangout...just like being at Cheers!
5 This place is one of my all time favorite places to go to smoke a cigar. The employees are truly great and make this place the best it can be. They have a huge cigar selection at great prices. The seating indoors is pretty limited but the patio out back can accommodate quite a few people. They have huge heaters for the winter time that make sitting outside very comfortable. This place has a very relaxed atmosphere and I would recommend it to anyone looking to get a good cigar and sit down.
5 Been to a ton of cigar lounges. It just doesn't get any better here in the valley. Fully and I mean FULLY stocked humidor with all of the classics and the latest premium boutique cigars on the market. Love the craft brews and the massive wall of spirits. Staff is helpful and knowledgeable. Fox has set the bar at a new level.
5 The best selection of cigars, draft and craft beers, great prices, but the best staff hands down.  Great atmosphere.
5 Struggling bars take notice: Cigar's aside, there are 3 reasons to make the trip. 1. The most friendly, helpful staff that I have interacted with on memory.  Usually, you find those one or two employees in a bar/restaurant that keep you coming back.  I've been here a dozen times and each time, I'm greeted with a smile and made to feel like I've been coming here for years.  I've interacted with 10 different employees and they're all carbon copies of one another.  Very helpful & extremely nice. 2.  The bartenders know how to pour a drink.  I've been to and frequent the majority of the SE Valley bars/restaurants and I can honestly tell you, this place serves the most consistent drinks.   3. Selection.  Hands down the most comprehensive selection I've seen in recent memory.  Craft Beers, Scotch/Whiskey, Tequila, Vodka, etc. Fox's is unmatched, they have it all. Runner up characteristics: UFC fights, older more mature crowd (30-60 something's), Free Wi-Fi, outdoor seating.  Check this place out.  You'll be glad you did.
5 I'm not a cigar fan but Fox's craft beer list, extensive liquor selection, relaxing patio and always helpful/friendly staff make this a favorite spot of mine.
5 This shop delivers a perfect cigar shop experience! I shop there to restock my Dad's humidor every Christmas and the staff always takes the time to help me select a large variety to keep things interesting for my Dad for the year!
5 Absolutely one of the best cigar bars I've been to. I'm from Michigan and these guys welcomed me like I was family.
5 Great Cigar lounge, place is very relaxing with a chill atmosphere, everyone is very friendly from the patrons to the workers. Cigar selection is incredible, full blown bar and prices are reasonable at Fox's, great place to watch sports, they have the main lounge, patio and new members only lounge. Definitely one of the best cigar lounges in the valley!
5 Love coming to this place.  I haven't been here in about a month and they have added a members only lounge.  You have to pay for it but it guarantees you a comfy leather chair and there are televisions everywhere.  I will be signing up for that.  Sat in the patio tonight because it is gorgeous out and enjoyed a beer with my cigar (Jamie Garcia).  Good beer, good cigars, and great service!!! Come check it out if you haven't.
5 These guys get it right! The service and atmosphere is unmatched by any place I've been to in the east valley. Or the state for that matter! Great scotch selection and the prices are really good!
5 The ladies and I came here for a girls night and it was surprising great! None of us have any real knowledge of cigars, but the staff was awesome with the recommendations! We spent the whole night trying to figure out if we were smoking them right and gossiping on the patio! Thanks guys!
5 High 5 for Fox Cigar Bar!  I used to take the great circle route up to Roka Akor in Scottsdale for my Robatayaki, then over to Magnum's for my Cigar & Scotch Fix. (A 80 mile round trip)  Now I just drive a few miles over to the Forum shopping center at Williams RD & Val Vista. Man it's like this shopping center was designed just for me. I can grab a good steak & beer at Harvey's, bitchin' burger & beer (BB&B) at Blue 32, or a Margarita & Mexican Food all inside the Forum before I tip into Fox's for a quality cigar & whiskey.  As for Fox's, real classy, impeccable service, awesome selection. A+  My kind of place ...   Check out all the Fuss at the Forum for yourself.
5 During a business trip, I visited and found a great selection of cigars with knowledgable suggestions if asked and quite an array of excellent beverage choices to compliment my cigar. A nice relaxed atmosphere with good folks gathered to relax, chat and have a great cigar. The staff was helpful and attentive too and the prices were more than fair for top shelf beverages. Swing by, grab a comfy chair and enjoy.
5 Great service... Great selection of cigars.. Great choices in drinks.. Great place to hang with friends . Love this place.
5 There should be a sixth star for gems like Fox Cigar Bar! Prepared to be wow'd!! Such a refined place yet very personable and inviting. Amazing selection of cigars in a large walk-in humidor set next to a full bar with a scotch selection that will knock  your socks off! This place is no joke and with all the places I've lived (South Beach, Las Vegas, Japan etc.) I have never been so impressed with this type of establishment...and it's in Gilbert!!!! Being a restaurant GM for some time I was also very impressed with their customer service and attention to detail. You have to check them out and their members only bar next door.
5 Great cigar selection with very good prices.  Great beer selection, often with a Shelton Brothers import on tap.  Dizzying whiskey selection.  Well stocked bar.  Take away bottle sales.    Don't like smoke? Sit on the patio and enjoy a drink.    Fox is my favorite local bar.  Not just because I smoke cigars but because their employees are quite literally the best bar employees I've ever encountered.  I think on my third visit, they greeted me by name.  They work very hard but always make time to take care of you.
5 Great place, good drinks on tap, low stick prices, great ambiance
5 Great, unintimidating lounge area, fairly large selection, good prices, and friendly staff. I really enjoyed my time here and got to meet some nice regulars. Fox Cigar Bar is a pretty good distance from me, but I'll certainly do my best to make it here regularly.
4 Awesome selection of cigars in the humidor - all the major brands covered and it was nice and spacious.  The bartenders were great and quickly got paired whiskies to our table outside with a side of water!  Outside misters provide additional cooling, in the evening the sun is not direct so it's a nice cool atmosphere.  I was interested in the members only section of the club, but did not inquire - perhaps on my next visit!
5 Great selection and very reasonably priced cigars. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I'd love to spend an afternoon here enjoying a cigar and sampling their impressive selection of whiskeys. Next time I'm in town I'm going to make sure I do!
5 Not much to add to the other reviews.  Great selection of spitits, beer and cigars not to mention a great staff.  I have never had a bad time at this place.   A southeast valley must.
5 Awesome place to chill and relax with your friends! Awesome selection of cigars, and you can smoke them in the bar. Friendly staff.
4 Awesome scotch selection & flavored cigars are a fun option for the ladies even  If you are looking for something different this is a fun place Nice owner & staff  Will be back
5 This place really impressed me, and it was my first time smoking in general. I was convinced I would not like it....LOVED IT.   The staff was very friendly and informative, and led me to a cigar that was really nice to smoke. I bought more to take home to my wife. They also have a huge selection of drinks. I can not wait to return. Looking for info on how to become VIP. This will be a new spot for us.
5 Fox Cigar Bar has become my favorite go to place. Nothing better (for me) than going there after work and having a good time, a good cigar and good drinks. But this is just the tip of the iceberg.  The service there is unparalleled, and very amicable. Cliff will make you feel right at home, Robert, Kyle and the rest of the staff are the best!  I moved from NYC and ever since I was trying to find a nice Cigar place and I have already found it.  If you want a fine place with finest smokes and a great service, go and check it out, ask for Cliff and he will treat you like a valuable client and family.
5 I love this place! Great prices and a huge selection of craft beers and spirits. Customer service is top notch!
2 Just okay.
