5 my sport surgeon kicks ASS. he does try and baby me  little but its just due to safety. I had Dr Nick  Liu repair my knee I blew out racing motocross. I specifically wanted a double cadaver ACL replacement for added strength in the future(most pros told me they had blown singles,get a double ACL). He did that and my meniscus as well. I'm 13 weeks out doing jumping leg presses, lateral shuffles and really starting to run. I feel like he has done a wonderful job. early on I was over doing it and had a DVT(deep vein thrombosis) scare, he sent me immediately  for an ultrasound of my leg veins to rule out the problem.  He has also treated me for whiplash, carpal tunnel and many other sport injuries. If you play hard get to know Dr. nick liu.
5 I can only give FIVE stars?????? This place deserves so many more!!  My 18 year old son fractured his fibula on Dec. 15th and was put in a splint until we got him to an orthopedist. There wasn't an orthopedist in Bullhead....Kingman,,,,Havasu  who could see him before JANUARY 9th!!!!!  RIDICULOUS!!!!  Not being happy with this, I decided to call places in Henderson and Las Vegas.  Due to the rating on YELP!, I called this office...and was able to get my son in the next day!  From the receptionist, to the x-ray tech, to the nurse who did the cast, to the doctor.......EVERYONE was top-notch professional, warm, and patient!  Dr. Bady was marvelous, and explained everything to us. After being in a splint for two weeks, my son is finally in a cast for at least the next 6 weeks on the road to recovery.  THANK YOU Advanced Orthopedics!!!  I would highly, HIGHLY recommend them!
2 Dr. Otten and Dr. Yee are really terrific they might have been useful. But I have multiple orthopedic issues. I have a history of significant injuries that were not addressed as they were the result of violent abuse as a child. As a result I cannot display obvious pain. I don't know many people who could pass a kidney stone and not shed a tear. So I have learned to trust my body and when it's injured. I have had so many doctors come back to me and apologize for not understanding my pain response. And yet again even though a tear in my hip from a fall 9 years ago and it was determined by MRI and because I don't demonstrate pain enough it was determined not necessary to fix. I haven't had physical relations to put it delicately, in 9 years and I can't sleep longer than 4-6 hours in a stretch. And with all this Dr. Lui essentially said he would do surgery if I begged enough! I know people have orthopedic injuries and have so little annoyance that go undetected for years. But I am way to young and entirely to vital to live with this level of Pain. I wish luck to those that need  their services. Their office staff is remarkable I could not recommend them higher. All competent and sincere  in their efforts. They do the work they promise and are timely for things that are time critical.
1 If I could give a zero-star review, I'd give Dr. Randall Yee negative five stars... He was the WORST doctor I've ever seen. He wasn't even in the room talking to us for five minutes, never went through the X-rays, and  he gave snide and rude comments, with a smile on his face. He didn't even do an exam, nor was he listening to what we were saying. Quick to suggest drugs, and just move along to the next patient. The office staff was great, but this doctor was not. He had seen over ten patients in about a 20-minute time span, while we waited in the waiting room, and he was the only doctor there... Not quality care in ANY way! Do NOT waste your time and money to see this joker.
1 Wow! My appointment with Dr. Randall Yee was the worst experience I have ever had with any doctor I've seen...and I've seen quite a few over the years. He spent a total of 3 minutes with me before moving on to the next patient. I was in for severe shoulder pain, and was offered pain meds and a cortisone shot. I told him I was diabetic and have had very bad reactions to cortisone in the past...his comments were rude and snide about how I had a problem with cortisone and he didn't. They took X-rays, and the Dr. didn't say a word about them. He asked me raise my arms above my head (which I cannot do with my left arm) and that was the extent of his examination. His office staff was very nice, but this doctor is a fine example of what's wrong with our healthcare system...quantity not quality and all about the money.
