5 Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): n/a Food 10 **Drinks** 10 Service 9 Atmosphere 7 Value  This new bar spot was just opened by the owners of the next-door Breadfruit restaurant (Jamaican food).  Same as their restaurant, everything here is amazing quality.  They also punched a walkway into the wall between the two places, so you can order Breadfruit food over in the RumBar as well.  Verdict: over 70 quality rums (working up to 108) = YES!  **NOTE: Their grand opening isn't until Jan 27th.  Until then they are still playing with hours & drink recipes, so during this time all drinks are only $6!**
4 "Rum makes a fine hot drink, a fine cold drink, and is not so bad from the neck of a bottle." So wrote Fortune Magazine in 1933, and it's nice to see we are starting to rediscover this spirit (after the demise of the Tiki scene).   In fact, if you really want to motivate yourself to get out to Rum Bar, read "And A Bottle of Rum: A History of the New World in Ten Cocktails" by Wayne Curtis. I highly doubt you will make it through more than 2 chapters before you show up at Rum Bar wanting to try this fantastic spirit.   Rum Bar is ideal for your venture into rum because soon they will have 108 rums to offer, ranging in price from $8 to over $120 a glass (with most between $8-15). On top of that, Rum Bar is offering unique and classic rum cocktails (which are going for $6 now, before going up to $8 plus per).   We tried a handful of cocktails and each was well-made, even though the bar is still perfecting its recipes. The Estate Mai Tai is very good, and in no way hides the alcohol with overly sweet mixers like some Mai Tais...I consider that a good thing, some may not. The Dark and Stormy, properly made with Goslings, is good, but I think it could use some lime. The Mojito Vanilla is refreshing, without being overly sweet or filled with too much fake flavor.   Another nice feature is that Rum Bar offers rum flights, a great way to try a range of rums.   The food is right from the pass through to Breadfruit, so you can have some decent Jamaican food with your Rum. The service was very attentive, although a little to "salesy" for me, but then again, they are new and are trying to get their concept out to new customers.   The space is small, cozy, and has just the right level of lighting for a drink of rum with your friends, pirates, your sugar supplier, or your copy of And A Bottle of Rum.
5 Felt so bad, walked into this place with a huge group right when they were doing last call. But what did they do? The staff made it happen! The waitress treated us wonderfully and immedietly told us the specials. I'm not a huge rum person at all, but the signature drink she offered me was delicious! The astmosphere was great, very cute spot.    Rum bar is definitely worth checking out! I'm all about new hot spots in downtown Phoenix!
1 I had a chance to check this place out before going out and about on First Friday in February and I was quite disappointed. The concept of the bar is awesome and the drinks sounded great, but the overall execution was terrible. Really, this rating is completely based on service and maybe I should give it 2 stars as their drinks are very good, but that's about it.  Upon arriving at Breadfruit/Rum Bar, we were told to sit anywhere in the bar area and someone would be around to serve us. There were about 20 or so people in the whole place (restaurant and bar), so it didn't seem that busy. However, it took about 10 minutes before someone came over to take our drink order or even acknowledge our group. Not a good sign.   After we made our order or Estate Mai Tai, Dark and Stormy, Mojito Ponganot and French Caribbean Breeze, two of which were the server/bar keepers suggestions, we waited and checked out the decor. The ambiance inside is dark and relaxed, but made reading the menu almost impossible. Others around us and our group were using cell phones to try and read the menu, it was so dark. I get trying to give a place a vibe, but can we get a little bit of light to read?   Drinks Arrive! These were amazing. I had very high expectations given the selection of rum and narrative behind everything we ordered, but was still impressed. Drinks were well blended and decently strong. The Mai Tai was off the charts and might have kicked my ass had I gotten another.  Which brings us to the next drink, that never happened. Our server/bar keep came by mid way through our cocktails and asked if we wanted a second order, but given the time it was taking us to get through the first one, three of us waited and one ordered a Red Stripe.  15 minutes pass and most of us are either done or close enough to order another, but no server. Drinks done and our group is waiting for another 10 minutes. No Red Stripe and no second order. What the hell. Now we are sitting around waiting just to see how long it takes, but after 10 more minutes, we give up and go to the bar to get our tab. 10 more minutes go by and we finally have our bill, but there is no breakdown of what we ordered. It's just part of good service to always bring a breakdown of the bill and we were curious to see if the Red Stripe we ordered and never got was on there.  Sure enough, after 10 more minutes of waiting to get a breakdown of the bill, there was the unicorn Red Stripe. Getting that off the bill was another 10 minutes and finally, we were allowed to leave.  I'm not sure what happened that evening, but there is no reason for poor service. The place was not that busy and they were clearly not understaffed  based on the amount of staff roaming around. The staff seemed preoccupied with assisting those sitting directly at the bar instead of the lounge seating behind the bar stools and the bar appeared to be getting great service. I'll give it another try for the drinks and sit at the bar, but it's with hesitation and low expectations of service.
4 I went to the rum bar at breadfruit with my friend to visit her boyfriend and grab some drinks after first fridays, and  If you want a great nay amazing mojito come to this bar it is the best.    The prices are pretty moderate for the specialty drinks and food.  I ordered scallops for the appetizer, they were cooked to perfection and my friends wrapped plantains and avocado.  So good.    I will definitely go back to try there dinner meals.   Good for groups of 2 to 4 not good for anything larger.    Recommendation: to anyone wanting to go to a dark bar and a great rum drink.
3 Now let me start by saying that this place has THE BEST rum collection I've ever seen. I had one of the best mojitos I've ever had. I also had a rum flight that was 9 bucks, pretty sweet. Now on to the service.....  Look, I get that it's busy and there's a lot going on. I get it, scout's honor. I've heard bad things about the service here, but didn't believe it could be THAT bad. Boy was I wrong. We sit at the bar and after 5 minutes or so, we're able to order our drinks. Not sooo bad, but a little slow. We start to notice several tables approach the bar to either get their check or pay their check, apparently they had been waiting quite some time. I get halfway done with my drink, and start thinking about getting a 2nd drink and a tilapia patty. The bartenders were busy working away making drinks, not bothering to check on us at all. I don' t want to be that jerk at the bar that's waving them down, so I patiently wait and just try to make eye contact with them...and wait....and wait....and wait...and wait....you get it right? About 15 minutes goes by and a 9 top in the corner had to approach the bar to get menus and I had just decided to not get anything else. Finally about 25 minutes or so go by and we're able to get our check and escape. Again, I understand being busy but c'mon.....get your ish together yo!  I will go back, hopefully this was just an off night for them. The food looks great, location's great, decor's great and they have an epic rum collection...I sure hope my next experience is better....
2 This review is a four for the classic mojitos and a one for the service. It is a damn shame because those are the best mojitos I have had in Phoenix but the service is so damn shitty. Don't get me wrong, the bartenders are nice but damn, do they all need to act like a bunch of potheads? I first came here for their Grand Opening and after things had died down, waited at the bar for 10 minutes before waving them down for a drink. They kept walking past me (looking down the whole time) and then would crowd around the computer trying to figure out the tickets. Very unorganized. My friends and I ended up leaving because of how long it would take to get a drink with 3 bartenders. I gave it another chance last night and the service was the same. It had been a good 10-15 minutes before the bartender asked if we wanted another mojito. My husband was pissed because he wanted to order food and they never checked up on that after giving us a menu. As we were sitting at the bar, a guy walks up and tells the bartender, "Um, we need menus for our 9 top over there in the corner." He seemed very irritated. The girl hands him menus and walks over to the bartender with the blond dreads and says something about him forgetting about the table. I can't say I was surprised AT ALL. The same male bartender forgot my first drink when I came to the grand opening. My husband and I really want to have dinner in the restaurant but are afraid the inattentive service extends to the servers. The menu looks delicious so maybe we'll have to do take-out.
4 So I've been back a few times since the first time I went, and felt it was only right to update my review since the last one wasn't terrible, but it did outline some issues in service that lowered my rating. Since then, it realllly seems like they've made large strides in the service area. A group of us went on First Friday last week with the Mardi Gras festivities the same night. They were slammed, and totally able to balance it all. Dramatic improvement guys, it's one of my new favorite spots to check out in downtown!
5 I tried this place out for the first time with a party of seven this last First Friday. The food was to die for. If you don't like spicy food you should tell them; but, I got the jerk chicken and it was perfectly cooked and amazingly seasoned. My friend got the scallops and they were probably the best I've had in Phoenix. We had to wait a while for our table (not surprised since we had a large group and it was Friday night) but they had a a live band playing in the back, a great seating area to wait in and a great drink list (even though I don't really like rum). I will definitely be coming back.
5 Went early during First Friday last week and scored a spot at the bar. Thank god for that, because this place was tiny, and I wouldn't recommend it for groups.  Having said that, we ordered whatever the bartender suggested (4 different drinks in all), and found them all to be outstanding. We would've liked to try some of their rums, but there was no help offered figuring out how to sample those--it's a bit overwhelming!  The nice thing is that you can order food from the adjoining restaurant. However, the jerk spice on the perfectly cooked scallops was so spicy that I could not eat it.
5 My favorite place downtown to relax and grab a drink at the bar/lounge or enjoy a cigar on the patio. I recommend trying a few of their 150 varieties of rum or a cocktail such as the Mojito Jamaica or Jamaican Mule. The drinks can be pricey, however, at this place, you finally get what you pay for.  Try the For de Cana 18yr for a rum with the finish and nose you'd expect from a cognac.
4 First Friday for July (7/1/2011): This place is PACKED! Think of a sardine can. Packed. Little room to walk around from bar to seat and no room to breathe. (As soon as Breadfruit has the money, they need to expand the space! Good drinks are a total loss in such a tiny space.) Oh, and you cannot take your drink outside and sit at the cafe table-- I do not think their liquor license allows that. (Minus one star for the cramped space.)  The drinks are fantastic! They are strong, flavorful, bold drinks. Your heart may skip a beat at the prices (the rum drinks are all $8-9, the beer is $4-5.50, and the wine is $8-12/glass), but the drink is worth the money. My one (1) mojito vanilla made me intoxicated. Yes, I am a light weight, but I usually need 2-3 drinks to do the trick. (Seriously, five star drinks)   The mojitos are fan-tas-tic. Wonderful. Delicious. The Matuselum Platino rum used in the mojitos is smooth and tasty. The muddled mint is powerful, but it does not overpower the drink. It is a perfect balance.   My review should honestly be two lines: 1)Good, strong, delicious, pricey drinks that you should enjoy; and 2) tiny, cramped space not good for large parties or too many patrons.
5 I can't really review the Rum Bar without reviewing Breadfruit.  They are really one in the same, and Breadfruit's food stole the day. But, to be honest, we have never physically be IN to Breadfruit.  We only go to the Rum Bar and we LOVE this place.  I have been there 3 times. Once when I was a sardine and packed into the place without room to even breathe, once with my parents in the comfy window seating are and once with my husband on a romantic date for 2.  I loved it every time...and by the third time, I was told by my husband "YOU HAVE TO YELP THIS PLACE NOW!" and he then exclaimed "I think this is my favorite food in the entire city."    My husband is not one to stake claim on anything less than spectacular (he is married to ME!)  so here I am giving them the highest rating and review I can muster...  The drinks are extremely tasty, unique, clever and strong. I love the rums and the free tastings we have had of the various types of rum.  This place has really opened my mind and expanded my knowledge. I like that the bartenders and staff always ask our names and take an interest in what we are eating, drinking, talking about and liking about life.  They are so kind!  But...and yes, there's a but...the Rum Bar experience won't be bringing us back.  It's the FOOD that is the big draw. What a great culinary experience. Every bite is a wonderful adventure. The spices, the mixture of fruits with the savory dishes, the fish...oh the fish!  We plan on going back again...and again!  The location is a little tricky to find, but if you found SENS/Turf, it's in the same block (nearly the same building), but just around the corner. Don't despair, just walk south and take a left (east) and you'll see Breadfruit on the left.
4 Excellent food. Portions were right-sized - not too big. I had the fish, which was well-spiced with habenero.  I agree with the other reviews that service is really slow, though I'm not sure why.
4 3.5 Stars for Rum Bar, 4.0 for BreadFruit.  Bar was out of ginger beer, which eliminated the best cocktails on the menu.  Those that I tried instead were just ok.  But interesting cocktail menu with decent happy hour options (at $5).  I agree with the prior reviews on Breadfruit -- quality food, authentic menu, good service, but higher prices than what you'd expect.  Good tunes on the playlist and a good first date place.
4 I have no idea why it took me so long to get to this place!! Such a chill vibe with funky music to talk with a friend or significant other to for hours.  After eating at Sens around the corner (which is FAB BTW) my boyfriend took me to Rum Bar, as he'd been raving about their drinks for quite some time. The bar is separated from the restaurant by a small wall but both are quaint and cozy.  The drink list hosted many unique offerings. We ordered a vanilla mojito and then our favorite, a Dark & Stormy (ginger beer with Gosling's rum). Oh my God....the best mojito I have ever had. A little on the sweet side but such a unique flavor with quality vanilla extract in it. I can't wait to come back and try the food!
4 The color scheme and music representative of Jamaica is amazing. Don't look for goat and only twice a month do you find oxtail stew, but... Trust me na... Dissayah sinting a fee real! For those of you for whom patois is not your first language, please note the following... you will feel like you are very much in an authentic Jamaican environment minus the accent.  This place is cute and trendy.  I have one complaint really and that has to do with the value of the meal.  I ordered jerk chicken and literally ate a piece of chicken breast and paid about $40 when I add the sweet potato pudding and sorrell...no alcohol. Yes. That means I was sober when I paid for that bit of protein.   So, if you really want some good Jamaican knosh...make friends with some real Jamaicans, mon! I also have to say that if you turn up early...even five minutes early...they will make you sweat it out in the hot Arizona sun. I am not sure why they dont let you wait inside, but... again...now you know. Be careful to find a place that is safe to park at.  I parked behind the establishment after making sure that the space was kosher because there is a movement in the area to ticket as many people as it takes to buy a meal at Breadfruit!
4 I'm giving this place 4 stars for two reasons.  1. I am reviewing the Rum Bar, and not the restaurant (else the rating would go down). 2. I am writing this review after my last experience with a less-than-stellar bartender.  So let's start with the bad.  First, I think Rum Bar's popularity is outgrowing their space.  Which isn't a bad thing.  We just didn't have enough room to chill the other night.  No big deal.  More importantly, I've seen three bartenders at Rum Bar.  I believe Beth and Dwayne were the first to bartenders I've dealt with, and to say they are amazing and know their stuff is an understatement.  They know their rum (all 108 or so varieties).  They know their cigars, and damn it they know how to make a good drink.  Unfortunately, their work is overshadowed by the new guy whose name I never learned.  His drinks weren't bad, but his abruptness, cockiness, and attitude sucked all the magic out of the place.    OK, enough of the bad... now to the good.  The atmosphere, although small, is great.  A nice dimly lit cozy bar area is a good place to cool off or warm up, depending on the season.  But if its summer, or otherwise nice out, hit up some of the many Adirondack chairs and benches outside.  If it's a little warm the misters will overtake the patio in a good way.  But seriously, the RUM is responsible for half the namesake of this downtown gem.  Get some.  Any of their specialty cocktails listed on the menu are expertly created.  Never too sweet, never too strong... you will taste the alcohol and the complete essence of the drink.  Not sure what you want?  Snag one of those two awesome bartenders (who double as servers within the bar and patio) and tell them what's on your mind.  Branch out, try something new!  See you at the Rum Bar.
4 The rum drinks are creative and delicious.  Even my prego friend, who got a fruit juice concoction, was impressed with the tastiness of her beverage. Thumbs up!
4 I'll keep this short and sweet:  Yes, I believe they only carry Rum and limited beer (Red Stripe, anyone?).  If I'm mistaken, someone correct me - but that's all I seemed to see.  Yes, you should still go here no matter what your alcoholic preference is.  And dear God yes, you should drink a Dark and Stormy.  And then one more.
4 BEST SCALLOPS EVERRRRRR! I'm telling you, they will change your life. All the food I've had here has been awesome. They had an insane amount of rum choices, and the bartenders are very knowledgeable and will give you pointers if you tell them what you like. They make great mixed rum drinks, but even sipping on some of the nicer rums they have is a fun experience. It seems like they've had a lot of bartender turnover, but I've also seen a lot of them get trained, and they do a great job of teaching them about the rums, food, service, etc. If I was rating it just on food or drinks, I'd give them 5 stars a million times over. The service can sometimes be sketchy when they're busy though, which is frustrating considering it's certainly not an inexpensive place to eat and drink.
5 Wow, wow, wow.  My hubby and I have been wanting to come to Breadfruit for a while.  My hubby has been to Jamaica and all over the Caribbean kiteboarding so he loves the cuisine.  We decided to have early dinner since the sitter came earlier this Saturday.  We didn't have a reservation, but that was no problem since we usually like to sit at the bar and talk to the bartenders.  Tony and Beth were so nice and efficient.  Tony just moved from Portland in  November, so we had a nice conversation with him about the area (we spend summers in OR). I had a mojito, wow, the best mojito I have had in the Valley, probably ever.  My hubby had the Caipirinha.  It was so good.  We thought we would have one appetizer and leave.  So we ordered the Scallops, then the Plantain and Avocado Spring Rolls.  They were so delicious.  The scallops were spicy, it was like fireworks in my mouth, in a good way.  I loved the sweetness of the chutney for my spring rolls.  My hubby wanted the soup of the day, the pumpkin and sweet potato soup.  I ended up eating most of it.  Since I was DD, the hubby had another drink, this time the Kingston Rum Punch, wow, that was strong but tasty.  Tony recommended the Rum Glazed Prawns and Roti Flatbread, double wow.  My hubby had a Pina Colada to wash that down. That was the best PC I've had.  Not the blended coco lopez type.   For dessert we had their bread pudding.  This was the only thing I was not that crazy about, don't get me wrong, I still ate it.  I am just used to the New Orleans type of Bread pudding, more gooey.  The experience at  Rum Bar was so great we can't wait to come back and bring friends.
4 Did you that there are different types of rum?  I sure didn't, but at the rum bar they have over 100 different types of rum & have a variety of drinks to order, I'm sure you can go through the entire thing and never order the same drink twice, crazy  I have been on a coconut kick for a while now, just love the flavor and the texture, so I went with a Pina Colada, it had matusalem platino rum, pineapple, kalani coconut liqueur and coconut, let me tell you, this was very yummy!! If it wasn't a work night I would have ordered another one or two!  If Pina Coladas aren't for you, they have many other drinks to offer you! It's a sweet little bar! Look forward going back!
4 This is the stylish lounge adjacent to the cozy Jamaican restaurant known as The Breadfruit.  I loved the vibe of this place as soon as I walked in the door.  Their list of rums is quite impressive so if you are a connoisseur then you simply must go here.  They have a menu of fun signature cocktails that were mostly tropical themed... it sort of reminded me of Hula's Modern Tiki Bar in that respect but in this case the rums really are the main focus and any fruit juice or other mixers are meant to enhance and highlight the flavor of the rum itself.  The first one I tried was the Spicy Rumtini which was really delicious, though I expected more heat.  My husband wanted a Jack and diet coke but was told that they had neither (no whiskey since rums are their thing and they also don't offer soda with artificial sweeteners).  However the bartender recommended he try the Tennessee Rum Cider.  This drink tasted surprisingly like whiskey but actually is made with a rum called Prichard's Fine (which is made in Tennessee) mixed with an organic apple cider.  The second drink that I tried was a Dark and Stormy.  I had this drink at Citizen Public House and didn't really care for it but I really enjoyed this one.  Now don't get me wrong, I am well aware that CPH mixes up the best cocktails on the planet.  But I just happened to like this particular drink here at the Rum Bar better.  One of my companions said it was because of the type of rum they use (Goslings).  The cocktails were all $8 or $9 and their wines were $10 a glass (but they had Dos Cabezas, yay!) so because of that this would never be someplace I would come drink on a regular basis.  Though I certainly don't mind splurging on a premium cocktail every once in a while.  I saw they also had a cigar patio so I think this would be the perfect place for a classy bachelor party or b-day.
4 Came in a few times before and ordered drinks with dinner.  The trick to liking this place is to order drinks at the counter.  That was you get to see the giant hunk of ginger, see the bar tenders squeezing limes, watch them actuallly muddle drinks with care.  The drinks are good, but the show, even better.
5 When I lived downtown, Rum Bar was my weekly (sometimes bi- or tri-weekly) indulgence. Rum bar is the perfect date spot - cozy and romantic with a fantastic reggae soundtrack playing. Drinks are strong and oh so good! My favorite drinks are the pina colada (trust me on this one - no syrups involved) and mojito, but I've definitely sampled most the bar menu. If you are a rum connoisseur, which I'm not, the bar is lined with what could easily be 100+ bottles of rum.  This is by far my favorite bar in Phoenix. I love it so much, I came for New Years! :) Parting words -Go to Rum Bar, enjoy the patio, meditate to some music, order some appetizers from Breadfruit and kick back with your rum beverage of choice.
5 Rum Bar (and it's adjacent restaurant, The Breadfruit) is awesome. Just spectacular Jamaican food. The scallops were delectable, the jerk chicken was delightfully spicy, and the cocktails were fantastic. Service was great, too. I recommend sitting at the bar...you might luck into some free rum tastings like we did.
5 Best drinks in Phoenix.  Hands down.
5 Just sipping a snake preview from the spring cocktail lineup: French Marmalade. Wow it is sensational! And after trying Gin Rummy and Jolly Roger I'm trying to decide which one I like best. Tough choice :-) They are all great - my vote tonight... French Marmalade. For appetiser snacks we had Plantain Avocado spring rolls - baked in a wanton wrap and served with mango salsa. Great pairing. I'm glad to be back in Phoenix :-)
5 Hands down best drinks in the valley.
4 The owner was great! He let us sit at the bar (asking patrons to move to make room for the four of us) without a reservation. Once we sat the bartender helped us to choose drinks and food. Hands down some of the best Jamaican food I have eaten. The owner even suggested a great pairing for my escavitch fish, the daiquiri agricole was strong and an excellent pair to the spicy fish!   This place was so good we recommended it to other friends who went later that night, but because it was late they had already run out of some of their menu items. So I might suggest getting an earlier reservation so you get a chance to try the plantains and the fresh food! Go early...this place is small and fills fast!
4 Can't believe I haven't written a review yet!  So I live walking distance to Rum Bar so it's a staple in the neighborhood.  Rum is the name of the game and anejo wil be to blame.  There will be no rum and cokes in this place!  The owner, who will always great you at the door, will help you expand your palate with a craft cocktails or flight of rums.  My favorite drinks have been the Swizzle and they make a great Dark & Stormy.  Work yourself through the rest of the specialty cocktails...you won't be disappointed.  Have only had some apps and desert here.  The spring rolls, scallops, and the parfait have been excellent.  The Abuelo 7yr has been a great sipper and compliments many of the dishes.  Rum Bar reminds my of NYC and it's a pleasure to sit and soak up some good conversation with friends
5 Great atmosphere ... great drinks, and great food. Just great all around!
2 I really wanted to love this place.   My husband and I just moved to Phoenix from the east coast. He's a native of the Caribbean coast of Venezuela and I lived there for many years. We know good rum. When we saw the aptly named "Rum Bar" was only blocks from our home in the arts district, we were super happy. We decided to give it a go on a night of celebration.   From the moment we walked in, there was confusion. They were about 45 minutes away from closing, which we assumed was ample time for a drink and an appetizer. I noticed that they had two of our favorite Venezuelan rums. When I explained to the bartender what kind of rum we typically like and asked if she could recommend something similar so we can broaden our horizons a bit, she looked a bit wide-eyed and proceeded to ask a man who was sitting on the corner of the bar who I am going to assume is the owner. That became the precedent for the evening. We asked a question, she asked the man at the bar. Perhaps it was her first night, and that's OK, but a few smiles would have turned this review into a positive one. In addition to her overall unfriendly demeanor, we simply couldn't get over how pretentious the place felt. My husband ordered a Cuba Libre. The bartender hesitated much longer than was necessary and told him "we serve that rum in a snifter" effectively telling him he couldn't order what he wanted. She then brought him a flight of rum which wasn't even the same brand as the drink he had ordered. When we both looked confused, she took it away and started to pour another flight. By now, we were really irritated and felt really unwelcome. My husband corrected her again. "Please, I'd like a Cuba libre." Rum is fun, people. Maybe not wherever the owner is from, but in Venezuela, it's passed around at the beach. We drink it at every party, formal or otherwise. Cuba libre is a perfectly legitimate cocktail, just as legitimate as the mojito I ordered (which I will say, was excellent, hence the two stars instead of one) When it was clear we weren't going to accept the flight of rum she was trying to force on us, she walked over the the man at the bar yet again, who laughed (at our pedestrian choice of drink?) and waved his hand in resignation. She then brought my husband the tiniest, most watered down rum and coke imaginable. Not a Cuba libre. A rum and coke. No lime to speak of. When he asked for a lime to turn his rum and coke into some semblance of a Cuba libre, she said "oh you wanted lime with that?!" incredulously.   We ordered the plantain spring rolls with mango chutney. They were utterly tasteless, except for the chutney. It was basically store bought frozen won ton wrapper and not a hint of sweet plantain. Not one hint.   We're exceptionally disappointed that we didn't love this place. The only redeeming factors (not for us, we won't be back) are the prices which are reasonable and their good selection of rums.
4 Whew! After months of being on the road, going to the Rum Bar downtown for the promise of a perfect Caribbean night is exactly what a gal needs to feel right at home!   When I entered the bar, the vibe was really friendly and welcoming so I can tell right off the bat that I'd enjoy the night ahead. I started with the Dark & Stormy, a generous and sweet concoction of ginger beer and rum with a trail of mojitos. The seafood was divine as well, I tried out the Mediterranean mussels and the spicy rum glazed shrimp that had me racing for another round of mojitos just to wash it down!
2 This place has a ton of potential. There is an astounding selection of rum with an incredibly knowledgeable and passionate manager (owner?). The decor and classy island music created a perfect ambiance.  Unfortunately, these great aspects are negated by a serious personnel deficiency.  This was this author's second attempt to patronize the Rum Bar, the first ending in failure as he arrived around 12:30 and the Rum Bar closes at 12:00, even on weekends.  Really?    This second voyage began around 10 pm.  Upon telling the bartender of said first failed experience, the following was uttered: "This is a cocktail bar, not a nightclub.  The good places close early."  Didn't know that.  Anyway, first drink, the Estate Mai Tai, was made by a female mixologist.  She needed to ask the manager for assistance with every step.  It was good enough, but not amazing.  The owner then came over and insisted on re-making, saying "this isn't the right color."  Great.  Love this guy.  From here a great, if somewhat standoffish, conversation ensued.    This man is passionate, and totally knowledgeable.  A more in-depth talk would have been great but the guy just kinda peaced out after 10 minutes.  Maybe his child was in trouble?  Or there was an emergency?  Nope, he was later spotted just chilling in the alley outside the bar.  The guy has a gem of a ruby of a place here, just don't expect a great interactive learning experience.  If you want to get wasted on great rum then by all means, throw on a striped shirt and some Axe and pile into your Chevy Monte Carlo and get on down here.
4 Simply the best jerk chicken I have ever had. I sat at the bar, which could use some acoustic management. But the staff was great, drinks were wonderful but expensive. I did feel I got my moneys worth.  I will be going back.
4 I have been to the Rum Bar a few times in the past few weeks. They have some pretty interesting cocktails. I have had the watermelon cocktail, pina colada, rum punch, their mixed punch stuff that's on the counter, and the strawberry basilica. My favorite was definitely the watermelon. Soooo good....it is sweet, yet light and refreshing. The pina colada is a little too rich for me, as they use coconut milk in it. The strawberry is very good, sweet, but clearly alcoholic. The punch that was on their counter last night was excellent! It tasted like clove and fruit....really interesting. Overall, this place is great, but here is my gripe- last night we wanted to get some food, but we were informed that they don't serve anything but apps in the bar area or outside and we couldn't get a table in the restaurant for another 2 hours or so. The waitress told us that they have a very small kitchen and that's why they do that. We were fine with ordering apps and got the scallops, the prawn flatbread, and the avocado spring rolls. The portion sizes were SO SMALL! and the prices were SO high. For $12.50 we got 2 scallops (after being told that they were good to share). Kind of ridiculous. The scallops were excellent! But I wanted more than one bite for the price. The prawns were just alright and were more like a dip with pieces of bread than what I would typically think of when hearing flatbread (aka pizza).  The spring rolls had a decent flavor but were mushy. I will be back for drinks, but I wouldn't order appetizers again. I felt kind of ripped off. I also am not sure why they can make these appetizers in their small kitchen and can't make some rice and beans or curry for the small amount of people in the bar.....oh well.
1 I have been the the rum bar 2 times before and the service was fine as was the food. Stopped by tonight and was meeting a friend for drinks. I arrived early, they told me I had to sit in the waiting area until my party arrived. There was NO ONE IN THE PLACE. Yet I couldn't sit at a table and be served a drink? Or be ask to have a seat at the bar??? No I had to sit right by the door on a bench.  I went to Turf around the corner where they welcomed my drink order while I waited for my friend.   Way to pretentious for me...I won't be back
3 I've been to Rum Bar a couple times at this point, and I've always left feeling a little underwhelmed. The idea of Rum "courses" seems a little... strange. I love a good rum drink, no doubt, but I don't like the idea that I need three drinks to have a full run of the menu.   I've tried the Aloe Arizona which is very sweet - a little too sweet, and of course the Dark & Stormy which was fairly good. I'm pleased they use Gosling's Black in the D&S, but I'm not the biggest fan of the ginger beer they use.   My boyfriend got the Mai Tai and was a little disappointed. Is there nowhere to get a classic Mai Tai in this city?!   Oddly enough, service was a little brusque. I like a bit of chit-chat with a bartender, even if it's a minimal back and forth, but each time the bartender at Rum Bar has seemed to be frustrated with our mere presence and made us feel like we needed to be regulars to get the full experience. This would be perfectly fine if the bar was booming and they had absolutely no time to talk, but both times we've been it's been fairly slow. Hmm. Maybe they don't want tips?   Rum Bar is definitely worth a go, but isn't quite the world-class experience you would hope such a specialized bar would be.
1 I went there for the first time with some friends to try it out. The drinks were sub-par and the service was horrible (the owner flipped the tip we gave him on our face). We were shocked to see this sort of behavior for no specified reason. I have never written reviews before but I felt that I  had to.
3 Too spicy, too not... I wish I could find a middle ground for it all.  All the rum in the world cannot the essence of Jamaican flare for food.  Eating in the bar is for the brave only, as you will be tossed and turned while eating.  Plan ahead on a weekend and make a reservation.
5 The Rum Bar was such a neat little bar down town, but if you don't like rum, this is not your place. They only serve red stripe or rum- but what a collection! I liked the vibe of the place. Very chill, and a nice patio as well. The servers were really personable and knowledgable. I was fascinated watching them make their drinks with all the tincture and exotic ingredients. Felt very sophisticated.
4 I little bit of Montego Bay in the middle of downtown Phoenix.  What a pleasant surprise to walk into this oasis of reggae and Caribbean food. The atmosphere and vibe at the bar are relaxed and tropical.  The decor matches the theme with distressed woods and bright colors. All that's missing is a whiff of ganja and you'd be in Jamaica. I ate in the bar area but the menu comes from "Breadfruit", the adjoining restaurant.  I enjoyed the food.  I had the jerk prawn avocado salad and boy was it spicy!  The menu indicates heat so be aware they aren't kidding. The salad was huge with lots of avocado and prawns.  This could be a meal for most people.  I also had the Jerk chicken and it was well prepared and also spicy.  The sides were colorful, a cabbage/pineapple slaw.  I had a few glasses of local wine by the glass at happy hour prices and enjoyed it.  Who knew Arizona made wine? The bartender was friendly and attentive and the crowd eating at the bar was chatty and friendly as well. I will definitely go back the next time I am in the area. I'll pack my Bob Marley T-shirt so I can blend in.
3 We met some friends here last night for dinner and drinks.  Despite not having reservations as this was a last minute occasion, the manager (owner?) squeezed us in and I thoroughly appreciate it.  He definitely made us feel like valued guests.    Our server, Christian, was absolutely lovely.  She kept our drinks filled and put up with our juvenile antics all night long.  Give this girl a raise!    The cocktails were delicious.  The pina colada was stunning.  It is NOT your margarita-machine Jimmy-Buffet-esque frozen beverage.  It's a real deal colada with coconut cream, coconut rum, and a whole lot of yummy.  I also tried the rum punch - they make a new one every day so it's always changing.  It was outstanding and I think it's probably good that it comes in small classes.  I'm pretty sure it's dangerous.   The food was honestly underwhelming.  My jerk shrimp was spiced well and I believe they were good quality prawns but they were overcooked and chewy.  My husband's jerk pork suffered the same fate of being dry.  He did enjoy the polenta that came with it.    I wouldn't pause for a second to come back here for drinks but I would probably dine elsewhere.
4 Rum Bar is such a neat little place. Their mojitos are some of the best I've had in Phoenix; they contain large sprigs of fresh mint and good rum. I've tried some of other drinks and they were fine--but I don't like to deviate too far from my beloved mojito. I love to sit on the patio during the cooler months and pretend I'm in a place other than Phoenix.
1 Appetizers, overpriced, small portions.   Entrees, good flavor... Service... lacking.  The server who had our table was awkward... She was nice enough, but didn't really understand service.  My friend asked for a cocktail twice, and on the first occasion, they said they couldnt make anything with grapefruit juice... and on the second occasion, He ordered a pina colada and specified a type of rum.  She came back and said the bartender wouldnt make it because the flavor would comprimise the integrity of the flavor.... He wanted brazilian rum in a pina colada, Big deal, just make the drink, don't make him feel bad.  we felt rushed as our plates were cleared before our friends were finished eating...  The food was tasty, however I won't be back due to the strange vibe I got.
3 I thought this place was a bit of a let down. I really enjoyed the rum punch however.
5 Phoenix's Best Hidden Secret   Drinks: The Caipirinha's  here are delicious!(Caipirinha is a mojito like brazilian cocktail) They  have an array of imported rums and rum flight choices.  Food: I had the Ox tail and it was superb, a bit spicy but definitely something I would order again.  Service: Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the drink selection and history behind the rums.  Ambiance: Low lighting, romantic  I drove by this place dozens of times and had no idea what I was missing. A friend of mine recommended this place for happy hour. I have been back twice since and am a big fan.
5 One of the BEST places in The Valley to get a cocktail. These guys are going on my rapidly expanding "Pissed at myself for not checking out sooner" list.  I'm not a rum drinker, but fortunately they have plenty of non-rum drinks.  I started with "Devil in a Blue Dress" which was neither sweet nor bitter. Not my favorite drink but not for lack of skill on the bartender's part. I moved on to "Kiwi Reserve" which was much more my style ( and did have Mt. Gay as one of the ingredients)  Rum Bar is VERY classy and low key and the bartenders are true mixologists with knowledge on par with a chemist. They know their shit and they take their craft seriously which is apparent in every stage of the drink preparation.  This is a nice relaxing place to come relax and in casual, yet sophisticated environment and I can't wait to come back.  Highly recommend.
2 Great cocktails, but the atmosphere is very condescending and unpleasant. I brought a group of about 10 people for a happy hour, and as people trickled in, we were repeatedly asked if we had a larger group coming. When the full party had arrived, we were asked to sit in the back patio, i.e. smoking section (which was not a nice thing to do to my non-smoking friends), where there was no seating for groups larger than 5. I want to be clear: none of us had had anything to drink before our arrival. We were not belligerent, we were not rude. We were just treated that way.  We were also given conflicting messages about substituting different varieties of rum in the cocktails and were charged absurdly for the privilege of doing so... until we were told it was impossible because we would single-handedly ruin the owner's entire brand.  All in all, it's a good place to go for a cocktail. They're tasty, but it was easier and more pleasant to do business elsewhere. I haven't gone back, and I have no intention of doing so.
5 Never tried the food, so this is just for the bar part.  Rum Bar is a must in Phoenix. The owner is very knowledgable about his subject, and will share all kinds of stories about rum and its history in the US if you ask (protip: ask why he doesn't stock Bacardi).   The cockails are excellent and made with only the best. Yes, they are a little pricey, but I've never had a really good cocktail under $10, so the prices are reasonable, considering.  Just overall a great experience: good service, interesting conversation, and fantastic cocktails and rum list. As a bourbon gal, I never knew rum could taste this complex and interesting. A definite must-go.
4 Awesome patio, and knowledgable service! Amazing rum selection as well! The food smelled amazing, and I will definitely be back for that in the near future Our bartender was very helpful in helping us pick out different rum-based cocktails, and she was spot on! I'm a whiskey man myself, so she suggested the rum old fashion; it was a bit sweeter obviously but excellent flavor overall. My wife ordered some concoction with rum and pureed kiwi which I could have seriously slurped down in a few gulps it was so good! The drinks are a bit pricey, and I think had they been a little less we would have stayed for another round, but other than that we will absolutely visit this bar again and again!
4 It's been awhile since I've been to the Breadfruit and I'd heard about their new bar next door so my girlfriend and I gave this place a whirl after dinner down the street.  Really nice little neighborhood bar.  Not a big space mind you as there is bar seating and a few small couches, but a nice intimate setting with cool lighting, exposed red brick, and a nice color and lighting scheme to setup a very laid back atmosphere.  And there's plenty of overflow space into the Breadfruit next door.  They just updated their drink menu so the waiter wasn't completely up to speed on the latest menu items, but we took a shot at couple of the old school favorites.  Among them is the punch bowl special which is (not surprisingly) a punch bowl the bartender mixes in with different rums on a nightly basis.  Good stuff.  We also got a Mr. Smith and a Tamarind Ball.  Some of their drinks are a little on the pricey side, but we weren't disappointed with any of them (note: if you're super ambitious, they have a drink on the menu that retails for $2,500 per pour).  We had a great view of the bar and the multitudes of Rum and other unique alcoholic concoctions on the wall and felt perfectly at home with the friendly staff.  Great addition to the neighborhood and topped off the night perfectly.
2 Meh.   Overpriced, psuedo urban hoity toity experience.   Should you come here at least once and try some house cocktails for $10 each? Sure, why not.   But is this a place to frequent? Not at all, well except phonys. Phonys will love this place. Holden, however would hate it.
4 The short and skinny is to come here for drinks and dine elsewhere. The drinks are expensive ($8-14) but they are all unique and pretty well executed. My 18 karrots was a mix of carrot juice, pimento and ginger (with rum). I liked the overall flavor and the boozy-level but I felt that it needed more spice and definitely more ginger (since I didn't taste it at all).   My friend's kiwi drink was very sweet but very well executed and perfect if you just want 1 sweet drink (not something I could order repetitively).   Finally, my friend's Piña Colada was like a dessert, super creamy and indulgent, but enough to slowly get you drunk without you noticing.   The one BIG BIG fault on their part, is that they don't make caipirinhas. What? You have a giant bar solely dedicated to Rum, you carry 5 different types of Cachaca (Brazilian rum) but you don't make caipirinhas? That's as silly as silly gets, folks. I mentioned it to the server and she told me that they may put it back on the menu... I hope they do.
4 Rum Bar stands as one of the few places that transports you in terms of a cocktail lounge. I still have not found a place downtown that rivals the way in which Rum Bar focuses on its handcrafted cocktails and creating an atmosphere that is seductively easy to find yourself chatting with other patrons while also ruminating on your own thoughts.   I had really written off rum in terms of my imbibing repertoire because it often is done too saccharinely sweet and violently colored meant to get club drunk. Rum Bar wiped this away. The progression of drinks and their sophistication in terms of flavor profiles and what they do to showcase the sheer diversity and variety of rum is uncanny and intoxicating. The bartenders literally pull you into an experience that allows you to feel for a your short stint sipping that you might actually be shacked up in the Caribbean.  In order to indulge in this experience, it does demand that you spend more per cocktail but the quality is unparalleled that's why I suggest swinging by this place between 5-7pm to snag the happy hour. Remember the entire establishment creates intimacy and for that reason it easily gets filled fast and is better for not too large parties rolling through for the richness of rum. Reservations are key on busier nights and the small patio helps to only further the Caribbean vibe.  Also, not particularly a problem for me and actually a plus is the fact that for AZ it does have a dress code. Personally, if you think you can wear a ripped muscle tee to an elevated boozing establishment you might be a little ridiculous to begin with aka no post gym/ fake post gym active wear sporting. If you want a more casual atmosphere this would not be the choice for you. It is carefree inducing but not casual by any means and therefore, demands that you have to deal with some of the hangups and restrictions that come with this type of cocktail cruising.
5 i really really like this place...the seating area isnt that big,but has a friendly feel. The chutney that is accompanied with most of the meals is great. I tried the Jamaican beer and was a instant fan
5 The best cocktails in Phoenix. Great back patio to sit and sip an amazing drink.  The ingredients of each drink are very thought out. No fake sugary mixes are used. At times it  seems like and uppity crowd but that doesn't matter once you try a cocktail.  Sit back, chill and listen to some reggae. The Tamarind Ball and the Handcart are my favorite drinks.
4 Quaint, relaxing bar in downtown Phoenix attached to the Breadfruit!  You better like rum though...options are quite limited if you don't.  I tried the special punch of the day and it was delicious, but they had me at strawberry.
4 There are very few places around downtown to have a drink and cigar, but this is one of them. Stocked by Churchill's cigars; a local cigar shop, Rum Bar has a reasonable selection of about eight or ten cigars and a bar full of rum and a mixologist to go with it. If you're into rum drinks this is also one of the best spots in town to get one.  There are definitely a handful of shops in the area you can pick up a cigar, but none of them are open past 8 or 9 pm, and none of them will serve you a cocktail while you smoke. When I'm out with the pals and in the mood for a cigar, it's generally not before 8 pm. You've got to have a bit of forethought for that, and I'm rarely blamed for foreword thinking, that's for sure. Sure the drinks are premium priced, and the cigars too, but this is the spot when you're looking to pair them up.  Note that smoking is only on their outdoor patio, and not in an inside lounge. It would be nice to find a spot with an inside smoking lounge in the downtown area, but beggars can't be choosers, right? :-/  Happy Yelping Phoenix, see you around downtown!
2 I wasn't that impressed with the drinks. And I tried the food to be so-so, nothing that knocked my socks off.  Service was hit or miss. I had to keep flagging down our server to get another drink or put in an order of food. I don't think i'd ever go back again.
2 This place has potential (good ambience and location, adorable bathroom sink) but our waitress was rude/condescending and the drinks were over-priced.
4 I will be back for the Hot Buttered Rum cocktail for sure! Our group enjoyed a taste from the Punch Bowl and it was quite delicious. A pomegranate, black cherry, maple concoction was served and I was worried it might be too sweet but it packed a lot of flavor, and a good 'punch', haha! Sometimes a pre-mixed drink special at restaurants are either too sweet, watered down, or possibly even too strong. This one was delightful.   A couple in our group ordered a 2nd cocktail: Hot Buttered Rum. I enjoyed a sip and it was sooo good! On the next chilly night downtown I will be back to partake a glass or two.   I learned you can also enjoy a cigar here and I have to say I don't recall the place wreaking of cigar smoke so that's a plus if you're worried about leaving with a cigar smoke smell on your clothes.  Drinks were a bit pricey but the quality of what I tasted was great and I loved the ambiance. Dim lighting, chill, quiet. Perfect for a date night.
5 One of my favorite places to get drinks! They have a different daily punch and some really inventive rum cocktails, not what you expect.
3 Great ambiance. Knowledgable servers. Not impressed by the menu selection. Curry goat was tasty. Curry chicken fell short. Drinks were a new experience. Very good tho.
4 We ended up coming here for dinner and drinks before our flight back to New York from the Phoenix airport. Needless to say we had suitcases with us, and they were more than accommodating. They sat us at a table that had a little extra room by it so we had space to put our bags...they didn't make us feel like a burden, which we really appreciated. Having said that, the servers definitely get a perfect ten for hospitality. Our waiter even showed us some dishes he carried out for other tables to show us what it was. Such a nice touch!   Now for the best part, THE FOOD. Let me tell you that I have had very authentic Caribbean food on quite a few islands and this was wonderfully prepared. Thoughtful dishes with a perfect blend of spices and sauce. The desert was fantastic too.   No matter what you order on the menu you must order a cocktail (if you don't drink they have some beautiful looking non-alcoholic drinks as well). They really know how to make a unique drink! The only downside was that the happy hour didn't apply at the tables, just the bar. I know a ton of restaurants do this and it's not like they're the only one, but still a bummer.
1 Was excited to dine here, until the host in the fedora was extremely rude. Judgmental, curt, and unwelcoming, maybe next time will be a better experience--we left before finding out.
5 I went to the Rumbar for the first time yesterday and I was not disappointed. The bar staff was the epitome of mixology. I could have spent a few hours watching them expertly craft drinks alone.  They have one drink (The Shorty) that requires lighting a sage leaf on fire then covering it with a glass to add smoke flavor to it. Pure genius! Whomever came up with these recipes...  I applaud you.
4 This place is an absolute gem in downtown Phoenix. It's slightly hidden off 1st, but well worth a visit.   The selection of rums is fantastic. Definitely try some of the flights...you will not be disappointed.
4 Do the drink courses! Staff and atmosphere are superb. I only sit at the bar so I can watch the bartender masters create the awesomeness that are their drinks. Food was superb but I go there for the drinks and atmosphere.
1 Terrible service, the items on the menu were not accurate, and they included I've 20% gratuity on the bill for only a party of 5. When we ordered drinks we were told thy don't serve iced tea. When we inquired about the spice level of the food wee were curtly told there were no substitutions. One member in our party ordered the coconut mackerel, it was some type of giant dimpling covered with what may or not have been chopped up pieces of what the server told is was fish. Another ordered a mojito and it did not have alcohol on it. I ordered the jerk chicken only to be told on weekends they don't serve it and I could have street chicken instead, it was dry and the rice was mediocre. The atmosphere is cute but the service is terrible and the food mediocre.
5 I wish I could come here for the cocktails weekly. They have a mixed punch that changes daily. The bartenders are dressed old school in a black vest with a white shirt. The bar has fresh herbs and homemade tinctures for their drinks. My boyfriend and I went here and had two drinks each. The bartender was very helpful in helping us decide which ones to try. However, I heard their drink menu has changed recently. If I am in the arts district again then I will def go to this place. The only downfall is that everything is so yummy that your bills adds up before you know it.
2 Such a regret. The host treated us as were an unconvinced to this restaurant. Negative behavior from all the staff and restrictions all the way. My friends (group of 3) walked to the bar, and asked for a drink the host moved us to the patio because we didn't had a reservation. We were the only ones at the patio and it took 20 min for a waitress  to come out and take our order.
5 I really love this place. The craft cocktails are all wonderful, it's hard to hold yourself back when you want to try them all. As the name implies, they only serve rum based drinks, but the amount of thought that goes into every ingredient they add really makes them all shine. Speaking of rum, if you're used to Malibu, captain Morgan's, and Bacardi, you're going to be surprised that there's a whole other world of amazing rums not like anything you find in a typical grocery store. If you don't like rum you haven't been to rum bar. The food is also really tasty. Most of it is pretty carb heavy but I'll break my diet to come here. The jerk chicken is spicy and flavorful, and if you're looking to splurge the lobster is excellent. I try to come here at least once a week.
4 I found this place on yelp and decided to check it out. I loved that they played island music and the drinks were great.  Server was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu.  My fiance' had the escovish fish which was really good.  The place is small and intimate so go with someone you like!
2 The scallops and rum old fashioned are pretty bomb.   However, the service is a joke. Drinks take at least 20+ minutes and Scott S is rude. He has an attitude when you order, and when I handed him my drink with broken glass, he was upset that I didn't want to keep it.   Not a repeat place.
4 I'm in town visiting a friend from Texas and we are on a happy hour hunt.  So we went to the Rum Bar specifically for that.  What's interesting is that there is no happy menu.  The chef chooses 2-3 plates to serve daily-it's kind of a surprise.   Food:  We ordered the Jerk Pork Sliders and Pork Belly w/ plantain.  We were highly satisfied with the pork sliders. They had a good flavor and just enough heat.  However, the Pork Belly w/ plantain was not to our liking. The dish is unique in terms of composition and presentation, but it's super small, (check out the photo) and the pork belly consisted of no meat, just pure pork belly fat. It was disappointing.    To drink, we ordered the Rum punch bowl special for the day.  It was amazing-full of ginger, lemon, honey, rum..etc.  I generally like drinks on the sweeter side, but this was a great balance.   Ambiance: It's casual upscale- a good setting for friends or casual business. There is nice Caribbean music playing in the background.  It's definitely my style.  Service: We sat at the bar.  There was a new bartender in training, which slowed things down a bit, but other than that, it was great.   If you don't want to eat, that's fine, but definitely go for a drink-try the punch bowl special of the day.
