2 I wonder why there are no reviews already for this newish location of Tutti Santi. This is the 2nd in Scottsdale, the first being on Greenway at 63 St. THIS was the location of the former Ristorante Amarone, which I liked, although it was fairly expensive.  So I came in here by myself on a Tuesday night, when they were pretty busy. I asked the hostess if I could eat at the bar, which I could see a few other people doing and she said of course.  So I sat & made myself comfortable and waited for one of the 2 bartenders to give me the menu. And then I waited some more. They were not very busy. FINALLY, I had to wave the bartender over to ask for a menu (he first gave me the wine list - there are VERY FEW wines by the glass here, & nothing that sounded interesting).  I guess there were no specials, and no soup of the day listed, but after asking specifically, he told me of a soup (couldn't quite understand what it was except it had chicken).    I also was finally given some bread, which was standard supermarket tasteless Italian. No butter, so I used the olive oil at the counter, which was, I dunno, not quite right. Not rancid, exactly....not herbed, either.  I also ordered and received a Diet Coke which was pretty watery, with crushed ice.  Before I even went in, I'd had the urge for something like lasagna, baked manicotti, or ravioli, so I ordered the "Homemade Ravioli alla Nina" which I understand is one of their specialties.  Well, I was SORELY DISAPPOINTED by this dish, and I just cannot understand the rave reviews of it given by reviewers at their other locations.  Now, maybe I am too used to northeastern style Italian food (NYC/Boston) but also food in Chicago & San Francisco, and I'm used to not only the traditional, but also to many different restaurants serving "nouvelle" or innovative Italian dishes, including in Scottsdale.  So, here were my problems with this ravioli dish:  - the 'ultra thin' pasta shell tasted EXACTLY to me like the cellophane rice wrappers used for dim sum shrimp. Which is to say, not much taste really, but it works for dim sum. For ravioli? I dunno so much. This pasta was also translucent & white, like cellophane rice wrappers. Only mushier. There were I think 6 ravioli's. - the thin filling was finely chopped spinach & thin ricotta and not much of it. No seasoning that I could discern. - the sauce was a nearly tasteless cream sauce. - & each ravioli was topped by maaaybe a scant teaspoon of what seemed to be grainy unseasoned tomato stuff - almost like plain tomato paste?.  Not quite sure what to call it, but I sure wouldn't call it sauce. Yeah, like a dab of mild tomato paste.  The whole thing was just so tasteless that I had to SALT them to get any flavor whatsoever from the dish.  I've never in my life had to SALT Italian food!  The whole visual impression of the dish was FLAT. Like putting 6 Ritz crackers, each topped with a dab of cream cheese & a slice of pepperoni arranged on a large plate. Actually when they first brought it, I thought it was deviled eggs - all I saw was round white circles with a dab of red on each.  I managed to eat about half of this, then decided why should I waste my precious carbs? So I left the rest.   On the side there was a small green salad, not bad greens, but the dressing was watery as if they hadn't quite drained the greens enough. I can't quite say what type of salad dressing it was, it had little flavor. There was also a tasteless mealy Roma tomato in it. I only bothered to eat about 1/4 of it.  I decided I better cut my losses - surely the desserts wouldn't be any good, so I didn't bother.  The service was okay after the initial being ignored.  But the food was so mediocre that I would probably never go back. I looked around & tried to figure out if the clientele were to any degree Italian (American) but they just looked generic Scottsdale/Midwestern to me, so I dunno. I am very sure that my NYC & Boston Italian friends would be turning over in their graves, if they were dead.  *I* myself am not Italian, but I've eaten plenty of good Italian food in my life (some even in Scottsdale). But not here.
4 Another good Tutti Santi in my neighborhood.!   Food is quite good and the wine by the glass has some exceptional treats.   Staff is friendly, available and happy to help.    Too bad Amarone declined and died here but Tutti Santi is a welcome addition!!!!!
4 What a fun place to go for Italian food on a Friday night!  So I checked out Tutti Santi with my aunts, uncles, cousins and other relatives, there were more than twelve of us, and I was expecting the service to be a little bit slower because our party was big but instead we received excellent service. Everyone ordered very different options from the menu, my cousin ordered the chicken special, and we were all very happy with our meals.   And we were consistently checked up on by the waiters, our glasses were always full, and we left stuffed from the pasta.   And their spaghetti and meat sauce was delicious! My favorite!
5 Our server was very attentive and the other staff were very friendly as well. Our glasses were never empty. Bread was warm and chewy just like I like it. Great selection of foods. We were both quite satisfied with our dishes. My particular favorite was the gnocchi appetizer. I wanted to eat all of it! Would definitely come back here next time I'm in town.
5 This place has recently opened up in my neighborhood so me and some friends decided to check this place out after a weekend of boating out at lake pleasant (fun time).  When you walk in the place is nicely decorated.  We were quickly greeted at the front door.  We sat down with a server named Jimmy.  I can honestly say that in all my years of eating out, Jimmy is the best server I've ever had.  I always hate how servers are too attentive nowadays and sometimes it comes off as annoying.  I want to eat in peace and I hate how when your mouth is full chewing they come over and ask you how your meal is!  But not with Jimmy, He was perfect.  Now for the food....where do I start?  The raviolis are homeade and they literally melt in your mouth.  The ghnocci ( i think i spelled that correctly) was amazing.  Then I had the Creme Brulee.  Delicious!  Overall this place gets 5 stars.  And the bathrooms were pretty cool also.  The walls are made of some sort of Rock.  Very cool.
4 OVERALL 4 STARS ! (The bathrooms themselves which are a combination of the Flintstones and Caesars Palace get 5 stars for originality)  The only reason this review isn't 5 stars is due to the hit and miss service, 2 times I've gone I was treated wonderfully then like a tattooed junkie, which is pretty bad I think even though I'm not sure what I fully mean by that.  But regardless of how I was treated the FOOD was SO AMAZING that I cant give a bad review.  I had the veal parmigiana (which some people are against and those people 1st off haven't tried veal and\or have watched animal planet so they wont eat it but will still will eat slaughtered meat) and I have never had veal this good in my life, the thinness, the flavor, the spaghetti on the side, the sauce was all perfect.  The salad that arrived before the entree was superb, just the right salad to dressing mix accompanied by high quality fresh ingredients.  Next time I'm dying to try one of the pizza's they make fresh they have a cool looking pizza oven, in fact the decor in this place is nuts and I realize i mentioned the bathrooms which are over the top but the place as the whole is really cool due to the design.
5 I'm surprised at some of the reviews, because I found the food to be quite tasty and the service was awesome!!  I sat at the bar,.like I always do when I go out alone, and the bartender waited on me right away!! He offered some great suggestions and then I finally decided on the Pizza Brando!! The bartender, who speaks Italian, told me the pizza was named after him.  The pizza came with spicy salami, sweet onion, buffalo mozzarella, parmesan and gorgonzola cheese. I added some italian sausage and a little extra cheese!! OMG!! The pizza melted in my mouth!!! It was awesome!! This is a must try!!
1 This review has nothing to do with the food but with their  gift card policy.  BEWARE, not all Tutti Santi's are connected, they are independently owned and operated.  Therefore, the location where the gift card was originally purchased is the only location you can actually use it.  I received a gift card from my grandparents have been dying to go with my fiancee.  The 64th St location is a little out of the way so we decided to try out this new one.  We had a great meal (Oso Bucco and Veal Parm) but it was completely ruined when I went to pay and the waiter took one glance at my gift card and told me it was not valid.  He was very rude and not sympathetic at all.  He kept telling me it says on the gift card that it is only valid at the location of purchase.  After looking over the very simple looking card, it said nothing of the sort.  I complained to the manager as well and she said the same thing.  I was very disappointed in how they handled this situation and will never go to this location again.  I hope they have the same luck as Ristorante Amore and the many other failures that have inhabited that space.  Needless to say, if you want a real Tutti Santi experience, go to the 64th St location and you will not be disappointed.  The staff is way friendlier and the quaint location feels like you are eating in a small house in Italy.
4 Great special occasion place. The wood oven focaccia was so good we ordered 2 extra. Our entres were of decent portions and incredibly delicious. Service was just as incredible as the food itself. A little bit pricy, but as I said. A great special occasion place.
2 Really wanted to like this place, but the food was so so. Service was fine (sat at the bar), but when they get busy there seems to be a lot of work placed on to one person while a lot of other workers stand around. Pretty pricy.
4 The food here is pretty authentic and moderately priced.  I always eat at the BAR and the service is friendly and timely, never a real long wait for anything.  I recommend the Gnocchi with Tomato Sauce, they have other sauces available. They are willing to make certain dishes not on the menu, just need to ask.. They give you a complimentary shot of Sambuca which to me is like Italian Tequila.. I would recommend anyone try it at least one time and make your own judgement if the food is tasty as I think it is..  -Mike
5 Food was great. Service was great. Inside is very nice, even though it does not look that nice from the outside. Don't forget to check out the bathroom, it's very unique!!
5 Food was amazing! The service was very friendly, i felt like family there. Pasta was very fresh, i wish more restaurants were as good as this one :)
5 This was such a great meal out while on vacation. Fellow yelper's reviews guided us here. Our server was very nice, but it wasn't till after we placed our order that we overheard other servers telling their tables about specials and options of salad or soup with their entree. We would have liked to know this information. So, we started with their homemade ravioli appetizer, a plate of 4. They were so good! They have them as an entree too. Then we had our salads, also good and unexpected. Then our entrees came. I had the Veal Cannelloni and it was so rich and filling. My friend had the Capellini del Dottore.  We were to stuffed to order dessert, but were treated to a shot of Sambuca. I highly recommend this restaurant.
3 I was actually quite disappointed the last time I stew here! I normally have wonderful service, but not this time. I brought a group of 8 people and the service was very slow. In fact, I had to stop someone and ask them to wait on us. I usually sit at the bar, but this time with such a large party we sat at a table. I was embarrassed because I raved about this place so much to these people and it didn't live up to the hype.
4 Very nice place. The service and food were top notch. The spinach ravioli, recommended by our server, absolutely to die for.
5 Fabulous place! The food really is to die for. Great service at bar. (we always eat at the bar). Best Italian around Scottsdale.
5 NEVER DISAPPOINTED!  We visited the Tutti Santi on Via Linda last night. It has been about six or seven months since my last visit to Tutti Santi. My husband and I adore this place. The food is exceptional. I started out with Malbec Amado Sur Trivento and it was lovely. We both love italian food and I wish our place back home was this good. My husband ordered spaghetti and I ordered Involtini di melenzane (ricotta cheese and spinach filled eggplant in a marinara sauce topped with mozzarella). Oh my gosh, it was delicious, and my husband's spaghetti was out of this world. The salad we had was very good. They are very generous with bread and dipping oil as well. The staff has always been very friendly but not intrusive. I love the atmosphere with the chandeliers and I found a wine cellar where there is an intimate table for two to enjoy different wines. The decor is very nice. I just love going to this restaurant. I did not think prices were too expensive. My dinner was $10.95 and my husband's was abouh $16.00. Well worth the price!
5 Great service and good food for the price.  It has a fairly elegant atmosphere, and the staff is very well trained and professional.  It was a very fine dining experience.
