5 I was a little apprehensive when hiring Desert Pool Cleaning because in general most pool cleaners I feel like are never upfront about what is wrong with your pool and always after the extra $ for repairs, chemicals, etc. but eventually cleaning my pool became a little too much work for myself.  One of my neighbors recommended Desert Pool Cleaning and I'm so glad they did!! Ben is the owner and actually cleans all the pools himself, is VERY polite, very careful to always close and lock the gate to keep animals in the yard,  and clear with how he bills (flat rate w/ chemicals included). I've chatted with him more than once and he makes me feel very comfortable and not worried about him being in my backyard at all. He also grew up in Scottsdale about a mile from me, small world!!  I've already recommended him to friends fed up with their pool guy and I always like to support a locally owned business (as everyone should!!) and the fact that I can just call Ben to ask about the next time he's coming, rescheduling, etc. and reach him directly without any secretary BS is awesome.  I guess I should also mention he does an amazing job on my pool, it looks 10 times better than when I was attempting to DIY and now I don't have that guilty feeling that I should be cleaning it when I look out my kitchen window.
5 Desert Pool Cleaning has recently become our pool maintenance company after looking for a replacement for our ex-pool guy. Ben (the owner) was quick, professional and honest. He gave us real estimates on price, timing and suggested services. Our pool needed some serious love and Ben actually drained and refilled it for us- and now it looks gorgeous. I feel comfortable knowing he is coming in and our of our backyard and I know he'll keep our pool in great shape this summer. I definitely recommended his services for anyone living in Phoenix and looking for great pool cleaning service.
5 We decided to call Ben after finding him on Yelp, definitely glad we did.   Ben was responsive and reliable but I am mostly grateful for his honesty. He didn't try to "upsell" me on chemicals or products (some pool cleaning guys make you feel like you're at a sketchy auto shop).   He's friendly and the advice and information he gave me during my initial call to request his pool assistance made me feel like my pool was in good hands.   When I called him, I told him my pool looked like a stagnant pond and he recommended I use chlorine to help get the pool-restoration ball rolling before he was able to arrive. He told me how much it would cost, where to get it and how to use it, and recommended against using shock to save $.   I've worked with a lot of different pool cleaners in the valley and his prices have been the most competitive.
5 I called Desert Pool Cleaning to check out my failing pool pump. We decided that the pool pump and basket should be replaced. Originally, we decided upon a larger and more expensive pump. After further inspection the appropriate pump would be a less expensive pump. They were honest and actually convinced me that the less expensive pump was the way to go. Wow. A company that actually had the customer's best interest in mind. They actually showed up as promised and ON TIME. Which is RARE with most pool cleaners/repair companies. The pool pump now runs awesome and my pool is clean once again.   I would recommend this company and will definitely use them for any of my future pool needs.
5 We've had Ben about a month now and I couldn't be happier. The pool is spotless on cleaning day and looks good every day after that we don't get a monsoon storm.
1 I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND  We were excited at first to have Ben become our pool guy.  Unfortunately, he was not able to keep up with our pool and it now has calcium deposits around the entire pool and algae growing in the grout.    I emailed Ben at the beginning of the week and asked that he come take a look.  He told me he would be out the next day.  After noticing that evening that nothing had been done, I asked Ben to call me.  He said he would swing by the following day. Ben finally came over to look at the pool.  He said that he had brushed it; however, the algae was still there and so were the calcium deposits.  Again, I emailed him and asked for him to call me when he was on his way to service our pool.    Instead of trying to correct this situation that he caused, Ben emailed me and said "It appears that I am unable to clean your pool as well as you need it to be cleaned on a weekly basis. I think at this point it makes sense to look for another cleaning service for the pool. I'll go ahead and clean it to the best of my abilities today, which will finish out the month of our service. I wish I could do more for you. Thank you for your business. I took pictures and emailed them to him."   I took pictures of the algae and calcium deposits and emailed them to him.  He responded by calling and asking if I still wanted him to come by that day to clean our pool.  I told him that yes I would like for him to come by to get rid of this since we will have to take some time to find a new pool guy.    Severely disappointed!  I had to go up to a local pool store to get advice.  After bringing in a sample of our pool water, I was told that there were several issues.  Ultimately, the pool needs to be drained at the end of the season.  I went to a 2nd pool place just to double check that the 1st place wasn't trying to sell me a lot of chemicals.  I didn't tell them about the first place and they had very similar results after doing a water analysis.    On Ben's website, it says they do chemical analysis on a weekly basis.  HA!  If he did, he would have know that the alkalinity and pH were way off balance.  So were a few other things.    Again, we couldn't believe that Ben left us to clean up a messy pool after being under his company's care.    Be careful and test your water!
2 Unfortunately, it looks like Ben sold this business.
5 My friend recommended this company to me when I mentioned I needed some pool repair.  I called and spoke with someone right away and they scheduled a visit within the same week.  He was very knowledgeable and honest with the repairs needed to be done and had my pool crystal clear in a week.    I am very pleased with the repair that i signed up for weekly maintenance and have never had a problem with my pool... in fact, it's never looked better and stress free.   Highly recommend!!!
5 GREAT CHOICE!!!    I contacted Ben and George through a flyer they left at my door.  At first, I was a bit skeptical.  I have not  had  any positive experiences with pool companies in the past.   It seemed to me as if ALL pool companies were in business to take advantage.  They are usually late, they overcharge you for chemicals, make up repairs...etc.     After a brief conversation with George, which i used to make him aware of my concerns, I had him come to my home do a free estimate.   George was very polite  and demonstrated  extensive knowledge of his craft.   Best of all, his services were very affordable.    I would recommend the this guys to anyone!!
5 I live on relation Chicago - Scottsdale and for me was very hard to find someone who will always take a care of a pool no matter if I'm there or not. I had an old pool with the old pump and was looking forward remodeling it. After reading some reviews I decided to go with Desert Pool Cleaning, and must commit, they did a great job. Now we are together for almost a two years. The guy I was always talk to is George and I highly recommend him
5 Great company with A-1 service.George has been 100% pro from start to finish. Cleaned a green pool, made it blue and kept constant communication through the entire process.  I have several properties and this has been the best experience I have ever had with a pool company.Their prices are right in line with the market but their service level is higher.Highly recommended!
5 A really great company when it comes to a reliable cleaning service. I trust their handwork and professional quality of service. I highly recommend them to anyone in need of consistently good clean work.
1 Extremely rude. I called asking for a diagnostic service to be followed by a weekly cleaning service for my slightly(very slightly) green pool that just had all the equipment replaced last year. I was told the initial coat would be $300 and that my sand filter is "horrible" and my plaster pool is "screwed." I was then berated for all the issues he has had with past customers to the point that I just hung up. How do these people get into the service industry?
