5 I don't think I've ever dined at a restaurant like this: A place that serves healthy, delicious entrees in manageable portions; where you walk away feeling good. You can either dine in or do takeaway. It's the kind of restaurant I've been hoping for in Madison, and I was glad to see it open recently in our neighborhood.    I enjoyed a sandwich stuffed with roasted eggplant, red peppers and hummus, adorned with lettuce...all in a whole grain roll. My wife had the tuna with a side of asparagus and couscous (with currants). Both of our entrees were delicious and lovingly prepared.  We finished with slices of freshly baked chocolate cake.   The owners were solicitous and very friendly, chatting with all the patrons. There is definitely an exciting vibe with this restaurant, and I could tell the other diners felt it, too. I look forward to future returns.
5 I found this place last week when taking the back-roads to drive from East Madison to West.  It reminds me of the West Coast--Seattle and Cali specifically--because Fit 2 Eat has the food that I could only find there.   I'm not a vegetarian (I'm a college guy who loves food), but I'm not a fan of being given just a lump of greasy meat with a fried side.  Madison has mostly fast food burger joints, or Americanized Asian food, or a few legit places that cost too much to eat at regularly.  Which is why I love Fit 2 Eat.  I ate there Thursday, Friday, and Saturday last week.  The price and portions were perfect.  The taste incredible.  They had some ginger chicken, eggplant thing (lol, I'm a guy and don't remember food names), a tuna steak sandwich, some wonderful veggie sandwich, a portabella (sp?) mushroom thing....  Ah, the only problem is that the lady who makes the food doesn't live in my kitchen.  Seriously, I'd have her (or him, cause a guy made my sandwiches one day) make me two meals a day for the rest of my years in Madison if I could.
5 Classic question in Madison: where to get something good to eat without the hassle of a restaurant? Something simple yet delicious? I came across Fit 2 Eat's website just 15 minutes before closing time and picked up some yummy vegetarian dishes to go. Their granola is pretty good too!
5 This place has a Berkeley-vibe... I don't know how else to describe the feeling of this place. It feels like something from the streets of SF (minus the bums urinating in nearby alleys).   Warm, genuinely caring and accommodating owners. Amazing food, excellent quality and taste : you'd never know its actually good for you!   The store is minimalistic and comfortable - well lit, quiet and cozy. I suspect a lot of their business is pick-up or catering, bc it only seats a few people. Perfect for a mellow, early dinner (I believe they close relatively early).   I went there a really long time ago (w a Groupon), and to be candid I don't quite remember what I ate. I wonder if a lot of people have put off writing reviews until later (and never quite gotten around to doing it, like me!). It was surprising to only see two reviews for them on Yelp, bc they deserve a lot more!!! If you're thinking of going here to grab a bite, do it. You will not be disappointed.
2 Got a take out order today and I have to say I'm pretty disappointed.   I was excited by the freshness of the food... but what I got didn't seem very fresh.  Turns out to-go orders are not fully cooked, you take them home and warm them up (I was not informed of this when I called and placed the order).  I was told to pop them in the microwave for a bit to warm them.... I ended up having to re-cook the salmon on the stove because it was completely raw in the middle (microwave first and then stove top).  To add insult to injury the fruit salad was obviously cut days before hand (pineapple greatly  discolored).... and they store all the fruit together, which is fine if you like your fruit to all taste the same, personally I don't like cantaloupe flavored strawberries :(  I also don't understand how they advertise as fresh, cooked to order, when obviously it's not.  Iced tea was good and so was the granola, but they wouldn't bring me back here.    I was really excited for this... I cook without salt, eat fresh and was looking forward to a healthy meal I didn't have to prepare, but ended up having to cook it myself (and use a friend's microwave, since I don't use one in my home).
5 What a gem! I wish I'd known this place existed earlier - it's great! While I do love to pig out on unhealthy food, it's so nice to find a place that uses healthy ingredients; makes lean, healthy food; provides the "appropriate" portions; and all at a reasonable price! I will definitely be coming back as often as possible! An extra plus for being wheelchair accessible!
1 Poor customer service. Tried to use them for catering gig for corporate event and also dining experience. Owner is arrogant and doesn't have time for you- which was very surprising. This is not any way to run a restaurant business...Especially in a small town.
