5 I like their seating area. It has a nice sized inside area and also a bright outside area that is tucked between a walkway and another store. One of my favorite locations.
5 Super nice baristas and servers.
1 Not that any SBUX is worth going out of your way for, but this one is worth skipping. The service I've experienced each time I've been is pretty dang poor and the drinks always seem quite cold.
4 Conveniently located near where we were staying in North Scottsdale, I have to say that the baristas are uber-friendly and make a mean iced peppermint mocha! So good, I came back every morning until we had to head back home to CA. :)
4 This is my favourite Starbucks for many reasons. It is within walking distance from my house. The staff is always super friendly and always smiling.  I also enjoy the new food selections including the bistro boxes, sandwiches and paninis. Another nice feature is the outside seating that extends to under the trees.  I just discovered the new Starbucks app on my phone, and like the fact that I can have my Starbucks card on my phone,  with the added features and benefits.
1 I will never come back here. They couldn't understand how to make a Mocha Frappe with Hazelnut flavor. Once that was finally figured out, I overheard that they had spilled my drink dumping half the contents out. I saw them pick up the cup and used the same cup to remake my drink, when I asked for a new drink in a clean cup, the shift supervisor got huffy about it, angrily grabbed my drink threw it hastily in the trash can and made me a new drink in a clean cup finally.   Although they did give me a card that says they were sorry I had a bad experience enjoy a beverage on us, that didn't excuse the bad customer service and possible health violation of serving a drink in a dirty cup.   This Starbucks was very packed and very poorly ran. I would expect more out of a place like this and would assume anyone else would have wanted a clean cup as well.
5 Without a doubt this is my favorite coffee spot. Always greeted by a great staff and a great cup of coffee!
