5 My massage at The Butterfly Effection was absolutely heavenly! Tania's calm and gentle demeanor instantly put me at ease. But don't be fooled--she's not shy when it comes to working out the knots! So rarely do I get a masseuse that is so in tune with my body.   Thanks for an awesome massage experience, Tania! I'll see you next month!
5 Top notch massage therapist, really personable and a great bedside manner.  I had a hour session with Tania and she let me choose my own music and was really attentive to where I wanted the focus to be done all the while maintaining great conversation at my leisure.  She's got a whole secret cache of lotions and oils of various purposes and scents I can't even pronounce, but it's nice to have options.  An hour later all my knots were out, and I felt like a new man.  I'd definitely go back there if I didn't live way out in San Francisco.
5 I have been getting professional massages for over 5 years and I have always preferred a male masseuse for my deep tissue massages because in my past experiences, they were stronger.  I started seeing Arianna in October 2010 and I highly recommend her. In fact, she's the only Bay Area based female massage therapist that I can recommend. She is unexpectedly strong! I have a lot of tension in certain areas, and Arianna was able to get all of that out and I got up completely loosey goosey :) Ariana is always friendly, professional, thoughtful and attentive. Go to her for a massage!
5 can i just say that if i could give her 10 stars, i would! she is very nice and very sweet, i felt completely comfortable around her the whole time! i felt AMAZING afterwards, like a new man!! i can't wait to treat my friends to massages from her! i HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
5 I get massages pretty often because I hold a lot of tension, generally, so I've seen all kinds of massage therapists in all different departments over the years.   Most of the time massage therapists are too light and don't effect much or too hard and throw me out of whack in a BAD way. So  it goes without saying that I was extremely surprised to find how good Arianna is at what she does, without having any prior experience with me personally.   She found my tension points and massaged the areas I specified really well, and alleviated much pain.  That massage was great. Her advice about epson bath salts was very useful and if you want someone who really knows the body--evidenced by her ability to hone in on what you need personally and not just go through the routine that she does for everyone and is not well applied--I would highly recommend you go check out what she does. Not to mention really excellent bedside manner.   Keep up the amazing work!
5 Arianna with Butterfly Effection is a very professional massage therapists. My wife and I have a busy schedule and thought it would be nice to have someone come to us. She came over with everything she needs to make our evening a real treat. I would definitely use Arianna again here at home. I just called to schedule a time for our massage and she did a wonderful job. So save some time by driving to a spa have Arianna come to you !!  Thanks for an awesome massage.
5 I love Arianna! She's my favorite female massage therapist. I've been going to her for years and she's fantastic. Strong, knowledgeable, helpful, always friendly, professional and attentive, shemakes house calls at no extra charge to you (I live in SF and she lives in the East Bay), which is incredibly generous and convenient.I hired her for a spa party for a bridal shower and all attendees loved it and her! She gave thorough massages to all 6 of us and everyone was very pleased and felt very pampered. Definitely go to her for a massage!
