4 Honestly, I was being selfish, and held back on reviewing this one for a long time. Now that the cat's out of the bag, here goes.  I was in need of a freezer cart, and saw one of their ads on craigslist, advertising restaurant equipment. I thought I would take a shot, and see if they had one.  Sure enough, they had the perfect one, plus a few other possible contenders. Not only that, the place was jam-packed with used commercial kitchen equipment -- ranges, ovens, freezers, gigantic woks, deep fryers -- everything, and marked cheap.  In addition, there were tons of old tables, booths, small utensils, china, and heaps of randomness that I could not even describe. Sure, a lot of it is beat, dirty, and worn out. But there are gems within.  Also, there are what I assume to be construction leftovers outside. Just crate after crate of travertine, marble, granite, sandstone. Perfect for small jobs like a bathroom or a patio. I picked up two slabs to use as pizza stones ($2 each), and I got the pizza peel there too.   If you happen to go, and see something you like, find out if they have an auction coming up. I ended up buying my cart through the auction, and it saved me about $30.   There it is. Hope you're happy now.
4 Ever since moving in to my apartment, I've been slowly (I mean, sloooooooowwwllyy) accumulating furniture and accessories to finish off my home. One of the last pieces was a set of bar stools to tie up my dining area. Already I knew I wanted something lightweight and wooden, and have been eying the exact ones at Target hoping for the price to come down, as well as visiting my neighborhood consignment shop. Alas, no luck on either front. Then I came about an advertisement for Desert Liquidators in an insert of the New Times. My weekend was planned.   DL is a mammoth warehouse and as previously pointed out has ample amounts of remodeling supplies. Some were so gorgeous I considered buy them just to have as art. And the marble soaking tub would have looked fabulous on my balcony. But wasn't why I came here. Upon entering, we immediately spot some retro styled bar stools. Not what I was looking for at all, but nonetheless a good looking pair of chairs. After working our way through the entire warehouse, we discovered the only other bar stools were boring as all get out, so we went back to the front to price the funky stools. At $49 each, it seemed very reasonable (this is essentially the same price Target wanted for a wooden stool) and honestly the metal alone is probably worth the cost.   I found the dopest swivel bar stools here this weekend. The two weigh as much as I do, which make moving them into my upstairs apartment a bit of a pain, but once I polished the brass bases up, it was well worth the effort. But now I have a place to pull up to the bar with a guest, eat, drink and be merry.
1 Do not go here for small wares!! I walked in and being educated on these things I knew what I shoul pay for the few items I had. I asked the worker to price the items for me and she priced everything (that is used) the price you'd buy new and some items even more than that. She ultimately wanted 80$+ if I added it up and I should have been charged 40$ max. All the other used equipment place are not only cheaper but when you inform that they are high balling you they always ask you to offer something, nope she said "well" and went to her office. That's unfortunate for them because we could have been lifetime customers.
5 This place has it all! and if it does not have it today, more than likely they will have in within the week.   Ask the guy behind the desk about what you want instead of spending an hour looking through the inventory. I only mention this because there is almost an acre of inventory. Haha
1 Everything went great on the ordering and the price was very reasonable.  Our problem started with delivery.  It was supposed to be delivered 1/3/2013, but we were told due to delays it would not be delivered until the 7th.  I called early the morning of the 7th and was advised it would be delivered before noon.  At 2:30 after many tries calling the delivery person, he finally called back.  He said he was just loading the tile and would not be able to make delivery until 4 or 5.  After waiting for delivery all day we had to put off our flooring installation another day.  Then to top it off they said they did not have the grout as it was on back order.  I called Tammi at Desert Liquidators and she said they would deliver the grout themselves before 5pm.  If you every buy tile make sure you have your own delivery company and do not use AZ Hauling.  What started off great has ended in a nightmare.
4 My first comment is for those that point out prices not being competitive.  I respect their opinions and like anything else an educated buyer can avoid bad feelings before they occur.  With that said, I ave found that the folks here are very customer oriented (Tammi) and that the prices are very competitive.  I purchased an item there and made sure that the manufacturer covered the warranty before I bought (which they did).  This way there would be no confusion or hard feelings as DL's policy is very clear.  No Returns or Refunds.  That means the consumer should understand that up front.  I would recommend DL as one of your stops before you go pay full retail on any iten they may have.  In addition to the used and new items, they also as Bob points out n the video on their website, they have various "art" which I find is fun and a bit campy to spice up parts of a restaurant, your house or wherever.  I recommend this place, and if anything else, it is a lot of fun to just stop in and see what they have.  You never know, you just might find something you never needed, but now cannot live without!
4 This place is a gem if you are willing to be a little creative and possibly come back a few times because you never know what you will find. While we were remodeling our house we were in need of a new bathroom vanity so I thought I would stop by here and see what they had. They have a lot of items from restaurants  which didn't appeal to me but they had a decent selection of vanities. It was hard to track someone down to help me and I will say the lady was not very friendly but she did let me switch counter tops so I got exactly what I wanted. The pieces are a little banged up so you have to put a little tlc in them but once I did and the price that I paid for it made it well worth it. Next time we do any remodeling I will be sure to stop by here again
5 Looking to start a new business? Remodel a kitchen or bath? Just find a unique item?  Desert Liquidators is your place.  We scored some vintage mid-centry modern looking dining chairs there today.  We only needed a couple and they were marked $25 each, but they gave them to us for $20 each since the bottoms were missing a couple little pieces.  This place is huge and has everything including several kitchen sinks!  The staff is also helpful and friendly.  Check it!
1 As someone who spends a lot of time buying home improvement stuff, I have a pretty good handle on prices.  I felt that there were not many deals to be had here.  e.g. they had a big display of bath vanities; the quality on some was very average and the prices were absolutely no better than you'd get by buying a similar item at one of the big warehouse stores or online.  They had a big selection of commercial kitchen equipment and that is probably more their niche.  I'd suggest to anyone coming here looking for their home, first make sure you know what stuff really costs before you think you're getting a deal here.. the no return policy is also something to consider.  e.g. toilets in open boxes were about $10-15 cheaper than the Depot but with the no return policy and having to dig around in their warehouse to find it.. I'd spend the extra $10 at HD for the convenience of being able to return it if something's missing or whatever.
5 My husband and I absolutely LOVE Desert Liquidators!!!  We have  been remodeling our home and trying to save money.  After going all over the valley looking for bargains, we made most of our purchases at Desert Liquidators because their prices could not be beat.    We purchased new kitchen cabinets (paid about $4,000 everyone else wanted over $7,000 for the same cabinets), kitchen sink (paid $149, same model retailed for $600), backslash tile (paid $2.49sf, same one retailed for $4.99sf at Home Depot), and porcelain wood grain floor tile (paid $2.49sf, other similar tile retails for over $4.00sf). Our home is being remodeled for a fraction of what everyone else was charging; and the stuff is high quality - really good stuff!  Also, I got some really nice huge clay flower pots for a third of the price everyone else is charging.  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!  And it is always fun to pop in to see what new goodies they have gotten in stock, which we do often.  Actually, as soon as I finish up a few things around the house this morning, I will be stopping in today.  I am putting together a new art studio and hope they some things I can use.  Fingers crossed!  :)
4 If you are looking for a good deal for bathroom vanities, toilets or sinks this is the place to visit.I ended up saving about $500 on my vanity.
