1 I love my starbucks! this place was about 40% more than your typical non tourist area.  The lady messed up my cinnamon dolce latte to a vanilla latte! She also messed up on a tall medium blend coffee with a shot of expresso. Come on! its pass 7am and I dont need this. Plus 6 people behind me didnt need this either.  my cinnamon dolce was water down.It didnt taste heavy like it should.   But overall I wont be back to MGM and that means I wont be back at this starbucks!
4 Non-stop trivia weekend in Vegas necessitates lots of caffeine. Luckily we found this Starbucks near the suites where we were doing the quiz bowl rounds, rather than having to walk all the way back to the food court.
3 Starbucks is my friend when I need that pick me up only coffee can give. The only issue is that Starbucks are not all equal. Different menus and different coffee effects (this one is low in coffee in their drinks and require an extra shot purchase to give the effects of the starbucks in Indy that I frequent.
4 I admit that I review a lot of Starbuck's. I see Yelp as my Diary. And since Starbuck's is a part of my life, I enjoy sharing my experiences at their locations through Yelp reviews.    Not every Starbuck's is identical. I strongly feel that one of the reasons that Starbuck's is so popular is because each location has its own characteristics. This Starbuck's is the serene location off the Strip corridor. It is located in the boom docks of the MGM Grand all the way in the lobby of The Signature Towers. To give you an idea of how big the MGM Grand is, it is located in the vicinity of Harmon and Audrie Streets.     One of the reasons that it is so serene is that it is a relatively unknown Starbucks to people not staying at the Signature Towers. For newcomers finding this Starbucks is a similar activity to finding Secret Pizza. From the Strip entrance of the MGM Grand, the walk to this Starbucks is genuinely a hike. It requires walking across the labyrinth of the casino and Studio Walk. Where Studio Walk dead ends near the pool, there are two doors on the left. I believe they say Signature Towers in small letters. Beyond the two doors, there is an elongated hall that overlooks the Grand Garden Arena, and crosses over Audrie Street toward Harmon. This is the area where Starbuck's is.     I have gone to this Starbuck's whenever I was on the South Strip, and needed to get a break from the crowds. Even on the Strip, I like to spend some quiet time to myself doing things like reading or writing. In this mood, this is a fitting Starbuck's. Unlike the majority of Starbuck's on the Strip that are adjacent to a crowded corridor or casino, this location is absorbed into a court yard. There is sufficient shade and tables. The main sound is the birds chirping away. On the times that I spent here, birds outnumber party people.      On account of the fact that MGM Resorts operates this Starbuck's, the prices are more inflated than the off-Strip locations. I believe that a venti Frap exceeds $6. Bottle water exceeds $4.     I am a fan of this location. It has relatively nothing to do with a caffeinated beverage. It has a lot to do with being a serene place where I can escape the crowds and  fast pace of life for a few minutes with a Starbuck's beverage when I am on the Las Vegas Strip.  ***This is review 62 of the 2013 Yelp 100 Challenge***
3 Over priced, no breakfast sandwiches...was good to have a Starbucks in the MGM
1 Starbucks are great. But the barista (Omar) was a dick. I'll stick to another Starbucks if he is behind the counter.
3 Another of the mutiple Starbucks locations located at MGM. This one is in the Studio Walk mall area and is a perfect spot to grab a cup o' joe on while walking around to the pool area, exploring the massiveness of this casino/resort, or on the the way to the monorail when heading out to the convention center.  Since most casinos won't put a coffee machine in the rooms we are stuck heading down to the main floor or these areas to score a cup of much needed morning caffeine. It's one of three locations in MGM alone! MGM is that big.  As I was here these past few days attending a convention along with thousands of others the lines at this one never seemed that long and  they moved pretty quickly. Normal Starbucks menu and the baristas were good. Yet, it seems as if they are a bit pricier than normal. Must be that casino inflation!
2 This is, by far, the slowest Starbucks in the whole entire nation. Why is there only one person working. The line wraps around the damn place. And apparently it is always the case. Terrible.  As far as the actual coffee, it was fine.
