4 I've been going to this guy for years now...always has been very helpful, courteous, and fast turn around when I've needed one of my son's bikes repaired!!  Great if small selection of bmx and mountain bikes...he'll take layaway/payment plans...he'll even negotiate/haggle on the price a bit if he likes you...he's been trying to sell the shop for a few years now, wants to enjoy retirement while he still can he says, but can't offload the inventory or the shop, so there he's been for at least 10 years now!  Honest, reliable, down home take care of business type of bike shop...fair deals, great service, and a few laughs keep us coming back to him for mid-range bike needs...he helped my Dad out with his specialized bike he was using in a local triathalon and he needed a repair on the rim right away.  Took the bike in and a few hours later had the bike back good as new...Dad was pretty impressed, and has been going back to this shop since!!
4 So the location isn't great, but the service I got was outstanding. My bike's gears and brake lines were damaged in a move and it had a flat. This guy fixed it up for me and it rides even better than when it was new! And the price will definitely keep me going back-awesome "mom n pop shop" :)
4 This place is literally just down the street from me, and basically next door to one of my go-to 'hood liquor stores.  I can't believe I never knew about it until now! (I guess, not having a bike, why would I need to?)  Anyway! I got a tune up done for my BF's bike.  The service was cheap, fast, and friendly.  What's not to love? They also sell bikes, including used and new vintage style cruisers.
2 Over all the store's quality is very good. There is, however, the problem with the owner being VERY argumentative. I originally asked for my bike to be ready a week from when my wife dropped it off.  When I called about it, he told me that wasn't what I had said. He said it would be ready a week later.  When I went to pick it up today I noticed that he hadn't finished the work I'd asked for. I had asked for a new set if brake handles to be placed near the handlebars.  He insisted that my wife hadn't asked for those despite her having read the text message with a list of the repairs (all of which, except for that he got.) When i asked if he wanted to see the text message I had sent with the list he said, "you didn't send me a text message.". WTF  A fair bet that I will never be back. I encourage you to avoid this place too.
3 Went to this guy because I have an uncle who uses him regularly, he also says he does an awesome job and knows his stuff. My experience with his shop was ok, The guy doesn't care one bit about customer service and your feelings. I called him on a Wednesday afternoon and asked what his business hours were and he told me 9-6pm on weekdays, I said ok great, I'll be there tomorrow after work. I show up at 1:10 with my bike and I overhear him tell another customer to tell me that they are closed. I let him know that I spoke to him yesterday and he told me otherwise. He told me "Sorry, but I just can't take anymore bikes in today". I accept that and I let him know I will be his first customer Saturday morning since he is open from 9-4pm. I asked him what he charges for a hub overhaul, brake and derailleur adjustment, chain cleaning and lubing, and he says a "tuneup" will cover all that and it's $42.00. Being that his price is now 75% cheaper than the cheapest place I had previously found I quickly accepted his "honery old man" attitude and brought my bike in for what it needed. My bike is not an expensive top of the line model, so it made more sense to me to bring it to him instead of the other places charging $120+. Once I arrived Saturday with my bike, he asked me to pick up my bike Wednesday after 12 noon. I said, Ok, no problem. I left somewhat satisfied and excited that my bike would soon be running up to par.    The shop's appearance is a little cluttered, as it is lined with bikes from front to back. He sells top of the line bicycles, low-rider bikes, and beach cruisers. Behind the glass counter is a little cluttered as he quite literally scoots himself over his inventory and has to reach for different items, I almost volunteered to help him clean up the place.   All in all, I picked up my bike on the Wednesday like he promised and it's as good as it's going to get. My gears are still kinda slapping and takes a little time to shift, but it's to the point where I can fine tune it myself. For $42 bucks it's hard to argue with the guy and I'll add that when I went to pick it up, the price DROPPED to $34.53 after taxes, again I didn't argue. I hope you can find this read helpful.
4 The price for a tune-up is very good. I liked the quick service and price. However, I didn't notice much difference during my ride, but I am a beginning rider. Best prices in town for all maintenance situations.
