3 Mongolian barbecue merriment abounds at Khublai Khan's. You play the key role in preparing your food, choosing from their infamous selection of meats, some of which are "culled from South African safari parks", so in many senses you can be the author of your own culinary misfortune.   Overall, we said: "I think that Khublai Khan's is fun and different, and for a large group for, say, a birthday (where the birthday boy/girl gets to sit in a throne and wear a crown), it would be loads of fun, but I found it to be much like the ones I went to in the States, lovely, but not on my general list of places I will pop into on a regular night."
4 So, most interesting discovery of the week: Camel. Is. Tasty.  It had been a good 2 or 3 years since my last venture to Khublai Khan, down at the Shore, so I was glad to see some very positive changes from this already interesting eatery. Firstly, they are now open Mon-Wed as opposed to only prolonged weekend evenings. And second, the already exotic selection of meats had been expanded further with the addition of camel, baby octopus and mixed wild game (rabbit, venison & pheasant).  For those that don't know, Khublai Khan is a Mongolian restaurant in the Leith area. If the Mongolian origins aren't enough of a twist, the way they present dinner certainly is. Starters are done in an a'la carte manner, the customer selecting from a bunch of pre-determined dishes such as Kangaroo Haggis or Wild Game Enchiladas, both worth a try, particularly the latter.  Main courses are where Khublai Khan think outside the box. Upon arrival, you will be seated at your table, each place at which is allocated a numerical token and matching placemat. Once your starter is done and dusted, take your token with you to the buffet-style table, grab a bowl and get to work preparing your own dish from the multitude of ingredients sprawled before thee:  1) Choose your base: rice, noodles or beansprouts.  2) Choose your veg, options include carrot, peppers, onions, spring onions, beans and many more.  3) Next come the herbs, spices and sauces. The concept here is that there are a plethora of sauce recipes on both the placemats and the wall above the buffet. Follow the ingredients on the recipes to construct a tasty dish or create your own, it's entirely up to you. Although make sure you don't add Thai Mix and Curry Powder to the same dish.... whoops!  4) Finally my favourite part: the meat. This is where Khublai Khan  stands out amongst the Shore crowd. The meats on offer vary from the usual chicken, beef or pork to exotic seafood like calamari and shark, all the way round to the downright mental such as ostrich, springbok and kangaroo.  Once your bowl is full, shuffle yourself on over to the cooks area where you leave your bowl and numerical token. After that you can either get back to your seat and patiently wait, or if interested stand and watch the cooks at work, cooking up a storm of mixed dishes on their huge hot plate.  The trick is to sample as many of these unusual dishes as possible, so customers are advised to add small amounts each visit to the buffet. Having been a few times now I can testify to that...! As Ron Burgundy would say, "Mmm, this wild boar is good, but it is filling!".  Mongolian Feast option includes a set starter and dessert with the ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT buffet sandwiched between and comes in at about £20. The staff all seemed pretty savvy on my last visit, a sociable bunch who were happy to encourage and get involved with the banter of each individual party. Good craic.  An absolute bargain and a complete must for the adventurous diners out there.
4 Visited this place on Friday for dinner, the place seemed a little quiet at first but it soon got busier as the night went on.  It was quite a new way of dining for me: experimentational eating!  You pick the starters and desserts from the pre-planned menu, but the main course(s) are constructed by yourself!  I chose Smoked Mackerel Pate and my fellow diner chose Kangaroo Haggis for starters.  Both were a tasty introduction for things to come.    I should warn you, this place isn't for the faint hearted, if you're not prepared to try new things, then stay clear!  I, however always like to try things at least once before I reserve judgement.  As say this because there is a wide range of unusual meats on offer, like camel, ostrich, wild boar, kangaroo, zebra, crocodile etc (although when we went there was no crocodile on the menu, due it only being served when they are killed for it's skin)!  They do still have the usual meats, chicken etc on offer for the less experimental.  Anyway, for the main course you are invited to choose from a selection of noodles or rice, a variety of veg, spices, sauces and meats/seafood.  You mount these up in a wee bowl yourself.  I became quite cunning in stacking the veg round the edge to create a deeper bowl and load more food in!  :P You then pass it on to a friendly chef, who cooks it on a Mongolian barbecue in front of you. I enjoyed this element of having fun with your food. The only draw back would be is that because you are creating your own dish and own mix of food that you have no one to blame but yourself if it tastes bad!    We shared Golden Syrup and Orange Pudding and Mars Bar Cheese Cake for dessert.  The pudding was light and yummy but the cheese cake was just to rich and sweet for me.  All in all it was a fun dining experience, although I advise you not to pile all the different meats into one bowl (to try them all) as you then never know what you are actually eating after it's been cooked!    ps. Take an extra layer with you too, I found it a little cold in there.
4 If you are looking for something a bit different, this is the place for you. A must for meat lovers! I wanted to organise a get together for my husband's birthday so I got some friends together and surprised hubby with a night at khublai khan.  I had been told about this place by a colleague and thought it sounded interesting and knew hubby would love it. He hadnt heard of it which made the surprise even better. The selection is amazing. I stuffed my face and I dont think I had a quarter of what was on offer.  Let's see... I had kangaroo haggis, wild boar, ostrich, camel, pheasant, rabbit, zebra...I may be forgetting some.  Now im not going to lie, I didn't like everything. But that's kind of the fun of it. You just go back up and try something else. It's great fun sitting with friends and comparing meals...what meat did you get? What sauce did you use etc etc.  A great night.  Everyone loved it.  Oh... because it was hubby's birthday they gave him a chair at the top of the table with a robe and crown to wear so funny...and i believe it was the owner/ manager came and chatted to us and gave us a free glass of fizzy each :)
