1 DO NOT LEAVE YOUR CAR HERE!!! PERIOD!!!  THIS PLACE WILL RIP YOU OFF!!!  Long story, but I'll make it short. They wanted over $1000 in repairs... I went and got a second opinion... Ha.. Whata know... Out the door for $62.   Just a warning...  When I picked my car up from "puuuuuurfect" auto, the drivers seat was adjusted in the fully back "gansta" position and the a/c was on full blast!! On a 50 degree day.... Really??   Bottom line.. They are a bunch of thieves that pretend to be auto mechanics.. I cant speak for every employee, but from what I saw I would not expect much more. Don't say you weren't warned.....
4 I think my oil change came out to $15. Cant complain!
1 IF you have not ever been to a Purrfect Auto then DO NOT EVER GO TO A PURRFECT AUTO.  Up sell you at every point and they didn't even inspect the vehicle when doing the oil change.  Not to mention they were not very nice to the customers.
3 had a smog and engine flush for $60. the mechanic pointed out that my belt and valve cover gasket needs to be replaced. he said hed do it for 140. uh no... those two parts wouldnt even total $20 and the labor involved isnt difficult at all... one thing i noticed when i got home was that all the liquids were supposed to be topped. off. windshield washer fluid still same, steering fluid same, coolant still same. they jipped me out of $10... oh well they did stuff i didnt want to for my samurai. ill only go here for smog checks.
5 Being new to the city of the hustle, it's always tough to find a trustworthy auto shop. I gambled and got lucky to find a place with integrity here in the neon desert. reluctant that it is only 2 blocks from me. It has been a couple weeks and everything is still running great so.
1 The owner was extremely rude. He was talking on his cell phone while closing out a customer. Also, with me personally, he was unprofessional about taking down my information (is it me, or why is personal information relevant if all I'm getting is a smog check?), claiming it was the "law" for him to take it down. Then, he had the nerve to tell me when I was going to pay that it would be an extra $2 if I wanted to pay with my debit card, when he had no such statement posted ANYWHERE in the place. I told him it was the LAW for him to have something posted and that he couldn't just spring that on people at the time of payment. Thankfully, he didn't charge me, but then proceeded to distastefully throw my final paperwork at me. I would NEVER go here again, even for the cheap $10 smog. I don't understand how this place is even in business with customer service like that!
5 5 stars based on my husband's urging.  I'm a girl. My dad always told me to take my car to the dealership for maintenance. My husband's a boy. He NEVER takes his car to the dealership and thinks I'm crazy for doing so.  I do not know anything about cars. In fact, if a mechanic suggests an additional service, I'd probably do it because....I'm a girl.  My husband knows a lot about cars. He's been to this place a few times over the past 3 years and he has nothing but positive things to say.  My husband thought he had a problem with his clutch (to girls: not a purse but a car part :). He went to 5 shops including this one to price the parts & labor for what he thought needed to be fixed. Purrfect Auto had the cheapest price and the turnaround time was just 2 days (2 days less than the other places). He took his car here to be fixed, and to his surprise, they called him and said it wasn't the clutch it was some other thingamigjigger (no idea) and it ended up being a much cheaper fix. According to him, they could have screwed him by just replacing the clutch but they didn't.  I've adopted my husband's mentality when it comes to repair shops. I don't care of these establishments are friendly\unfriendly, air-conditioned, fancy\unfancy --- all I care about is that they are honest and that they get the job done. I've been here 4x and haven't had any semblance of a problem.  My husband recommends this place to everyone and that's good enough for me.
1 I went to get my oil and smog at another place but they didn't do major repairs that's why I ended here. My a/c is doing noise when I turn it on but the guys at the first place told me the belts were ok even newish when they took a look at them (they could replace the belts but because that wasn't the problem they didn't do it). When I get here they ask for all your info complete name, address, and phone mmm didn't like it but still provided it. They only did a "visual" check on my car and "determined" that it needed flash of the system and change all my filters for 800$ ... When I asked about the condition of the belts the mechanic replied "Well they were wore down but I could leave it for a couple months more." Really?? I mean I also asked for the pulley (since when I got to O'Reillys they told me that could be the problem) he said that couldn't know that until he starts putting everything apart and that would have to charge for that. Mmm no thanks. I didn't feel comfortable with these guys something seems fishy. Won't come back.
1 Do not take your car here!!! I took my truck here to see if they could repair my AC leak and they came out and told me that my compressor needed to be replaced because it was bad. I just had the compressor replaced 7 months prior and had a hose leak. I told them the AC works and why they would want to replace a compressor that works. The guy just said they would run some more tests and I just asked for my keys back. I will never go back again!!!
1 I brought my Ford 2003 car for smog and failed and they asking for $930 repairs! I told the guy/manager if he's kidding me but said no. I told him I'm not doing it and charged me $100 for diagnosis and $15 for smog. I said I have their coupon for diagnosis for $47 but did not accept. I then brought my car to other shop and it passed smog for $140. WARNING: PLS DO NOT BRING YOUR CAR TO THIS SHOP !!
2 I can appreciate a quick tip when I go in for an oil change about a couple things they'd noticed, however the gentleman that performed my smog check (I feel) crossed the line a bit. He popped my hood, and told me about a cracked motor mount- okay, thanks, but then he lays into me about how dangerous and careless I'm being about the wear on my brakes.. I was kind of offended. I knew that it was getting to be about to time to change the brake pads, but I know for a fact it wasn't metal on metal like he was saying, while shaking his index finger at me.  He gestured for me to come see, and I declined, opting to pay for my smog and get out of that shark tank.   PROS: Cheap smog with coupon in the mail ($9.99).  CONS: Intrusive associates. Long wait. 30 minute smog check. Tip cup on the counter.. Really?  I wouldn't come back, not even for the cheap smog checks. And especially not for any major repair work since they seem to over-emphasize repair work.
