5 I spend long days on my feet and I've gotten into the habit of reflexology treatments.  When the banner appeared for Thai Foot massage, I eagerly awaited its opening.    Inside, I like that the reception area is completely separate from the massage studio.  Tea, water and candies are offered as you wait.  Inside the massage portion, the layout is typical of many other reflexology or Thai massage businesses: you are placed into a large room, sometimes separated by a curtain.  This area has dim lighting, the perfect volume and type of music and the smell of vanilla in the air.  The recliners are ample sized.  The entire decor from the flooring to the ceiling lamps is elegant.    Your feet are plunged into a plastic lined basin and soaked in hot water.  Your face and head are massaged.  (Not everybody is up for the face/head touching, so they do ask your permission first.)  Your feet are removed from the basin and the therapist proceeds to massage them.  Some range of motion type movements are done.   Then recliner is placed into a flat position, you flip over and lo and behold there is a hole for your face.  I'm normally not the type to pop and crack, but this therapist had my spine cracking all over.  Finally they do a bit of percussion.  I left feeling almost intoxicated.  The ambiance combined with the massage is why I gave this business five stars. I look forward to going again and trying their full body Thai massage.
4 I always shop at the asian market  next door i love pho noodles and i saw the sign they had for a special they had just opened. my husband surprised me with a massage gave me the receipt and told me to work down the end of the wall. so i did i waked in very nice and thai/asian looking i saw lots of snacks i was happy it was for clients to eat and drink before or after there massage. I waited a few minutes they were busy tyra the girl there is very nice and cute shes helpful and is very sweet.  and after it was my turn she took me to the baCk very big room dim with candels and smelt like nice asian herbs omg i felt like a queen in some castle room they had a nice riverrock wall waterful lots of lotus or water lillys and white sheets for dividers and individual little beds to lay down on kinda like when you go to a pedicure salon. i laid down and she soaked my feet in this herbel water i was kinda sick that whole week running nose sinus and as soon i soaked and she put the hot herbal towel on my eyes it went away. no more sneezing running nose. Kevin was the guy who did my reflexolgy very nice hes from china. good hands and very relaxing. only downfall depending on what clients are there. if they go to the bathroom walk in or out it gets a little anoyying towards the end of my treatment 3 ppl walked in waiting for their turn and they were just yapping laughing coughing away that i couldnt relax and it kept me and my therapist looking over cause they were so loud. i left early cause they were loud but if u get lucky and its quiet or not so many rude ppl in there you would have a pleasent time staff is very good. but some clients just dont know how to shut it. im happy going back real soon.
5 Oh my.  The term "foot massage" doesn't really come close to describing what you'll be getting here.  Yes, there is foot massage involved, but everything else gets into the act as well...head, face, neck, shoulders, arms, legs, back....and it's all wonderful.  It's an attractive place, clean and beautifully decorated.  The staff is attentive, their manner soothing from the moment you walk in.   And the service lasted until the moment I walked out the door....after the massage, I was offered water, tea and cookies and even got a bit of shoulder massage as I stood there drinking it.  The prices are very reasonable.  I have had massage in some very upscale salons, and they don't hold a candle to the experience I had here.  It was awesome.  Wow.
5 Not just a foot massage!  Their regular price is $30 for 1 hour, but they have a grand opening special which is a discounted price ($6 dollars off).  Your massage will be in a communal room with at least 3 other people, with dim lighting and your typical relaxing spa music.  I don't think you really get a choice in your massage therapist unless you specifically request a gender (When we went there were 2 women and 2 men available to give massages).  Massage here will be more like a full body massage with more emphasis on foot reflexology.  The massage therapist I had used more deep tissue pressure which was fine with me, with some range of motion techniques to stretch the muscles.  (For those that are not deep tissue type of people, they ask to make sure the pressure is OK for you).  The massage was the right amount of pressure for me, and for less than $30 an hour, I will definitely be coming back here for more massages, even when the regular price is in effect.  P.S.  Be sure to wear loose clothing here which will help with the full body part of the massage.  Also, bringing cash for tips ($5 recommended minimum) will help so you can give your tip right to your massage therapist when you are done.
5 I have back and neck problems for which I usually see a chiropractor, but I thought I would try the Thai Foot Massage instead after reading all the great reviews.   As noted previously by other reviewers, the $30 foot massage is no ordinary foot massage.  It is actually a 1 hour full body massage that incorporates deep tissue, trigger points therapy, stretching, and reflexology.  The quality of the service and the price point makes this one of the best massage deals in the area.  Not exactly a substitution for a chiropractic adjustment (especially if you have serious alignment issues), but may serve as a great preventative measure.  Also, although there is a $5 minimum tip suggestion, the quality of the service is so great that you will wish you brought at least a little more. Oh, and just as an FYI, you pay and tip at the front with the receptionist after your massage.
5 This was amazing! It was so much more than a foot massage. They start you on your back and work on your scalp, neck, shoulders and arms. They then spend some quality time on your feet and legs. Then you roll over face down and get some stretching and back & glute massage. You whole body gets a nice combination of massage, stretching and pressure point therapy. By nature, their style gets in a little deeper than just a surface Swedish massage. So be prepared for a little muscle work. I was never in pain, though, and they ask a few times how you like the pressure.   The atmosphere is excellent. You are in a communal room but there is nice decor, dim lighting, soft music and a soothing waterfall. And the reception area is completely separate, so you don't have that distraction.   At this price, you're really getting a great full body massage! I live in North Phoenix and I will come back here as often as I can!
5 I was a little worried about it at first because it's in an open room with others, but it's clothes on and I have to say it was amazing and I'm telling everyone about it. I will TOTALLY go again!
5 I love thai foot massage!  I went for the first time today and am so impressed and can't wait to go back. I can't believe It's only thirty bucks for an hour long massage..what a deal!
5 Massage heaven.  This place is awesome. They are super friendly & not to mention you get an AMAZING massage for 30 bucks. (Now they offer stamp cards with a free $30 massage after 10 stamps!)   This isn't just a foot massage- they start by soaking your feet in hot water & literally rub you from your temples to your toes. You are fully dressed so wear something comfy- I usually wear leggings and a tank top.   I make an appointment but it is nice to have the option of just walking in. Andy, Susan & David are all equally amazing. I would request one of the three. Enjoy :)
4 I'd never tried massage before, but it takes longer these days to recover from hard exercise. So, after passing this place several times and then reading the reviews, I took my aching back and legs into the Thai Foot Massage. They offer either the foot massage, see other reviews, or Thai body massage. I opted for the body massage. The massage is over your clothing and consists of techniques, kneading, stretching and manipulating pressure points. When you check in, you are asked to specify how much pressure you want, light, medium or deep. I came in with stiff, aching calves and back and walked out feeling ready to run.   You can walk in, but I recommend making an appointment by phone or on their web site.
4 Nice place, good massage and great value for money. Wasn't too thrilled with the front desk service. Also, the person next to me kept snoring which was disrupted my experience.
4 Great place, Linda is awesome.  If I lived in town I would visit often.  I like the atmosphere of this massage place.  I got the 1hour yoga massage, which consisted of stretches to the body, and a full head to toe massage.  It is a stretching, experience, not to be confused with a traditional Chinese  full body massage where you are undressed in privacy.  So if stretching is not what you want, then this would not be the place.  although the foot massage and brief back massage offered here might work for you as well.
5 I've been here 6 or 7 times. They are simply the best foot spa I've been to in the valley. It's clean, decorated beautifully and consistently a great experience.   Every visit has been excellent, with different therapists which in my experience as a spa goer makes them uncommonly good.  I also liked the fact the therapists each had a slightly different style and paid attention to my stiff spots.    This is an inexpensive fully dressed chair massage. I know this isn't everyone's cup of tea, but I think it's a great alternative to a traditional table massage. Particularly good in the summer, when it's kind of gross to feel oily.  I also found the front desk staff to be very friendly and helpful. Just go, you'll enjoy it.
3 Didn't know what to expect as this place advertises Thai Yoga Massage. Experience started off bad with them not starting my appointment for 15 min. For a newcomer, you are not sure what to do. The massage is done with your clothes on and a lot of pulling and stretching. Great for runners!  The masseuse was very good and strong which is exactly what i was looking for  If you are looking for a unique experience, i highly recommend this place!
5 My significant other and I had a great combo massage here. It was clean and safe. My massage felt great and if i was in AZ again, I'll definitely come back. :D
4 My wife and I have been here quite a few times and I don't know if I'm really qualified to review this place but here goes:  I really appreciate that someone would rub my feet for that long while I get to fall asleep on a really comfortable chair.  Before they get to your feet they work on your head and shoulders which always feels good.  Then they turn you over and work on your back.  My wife thinks it's hit or miss unless you get a guy named David who always does a great job.  I'm just happy to go and relax and can't really tell the difference. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick walk in massage for cheap!
1 I been to couple of massage/reflexology  places in Cali and AZ  but this is the WORST..not worth it ..I had a back pain suddenly after going to wet and wild on Saturday ,I called them took the appointment as they say they had only lady at the time .I said OK but i need a deep tissue concentrate on my back ..when i enter receptionist is rude ..massage should be done on body ..not on shirts/towels to relieve the stress ..she is like no shirt off..company policy..blah blah.. ..I m like really ..If i had pain in back what they going to do with shirt on but even i tried ..as expected at the end ..I didn't feel any thing ..WASTE of my TIME and MONEY.  If you got a chance try going to steam bath you might feel the same thing ..instead of just going to this place wasting money..I not gonna go ever ..neither suggest to some one-If any thing policies you guys had please tell when we call for appointment not after going inside
5 Thai Foot Massage is the best Thai massage I've ever had...including in resorts and in Europe! And for the price it's absolutely UNBELIEVABLE!   I get the 60 minutes Thai Foot Massage, but they have others that I am going to try. Don't be fooled by the name 'foot massage'...it includes your entire body including scalp as well as stretching. Your clothes stay on the entire time so wear stretchy/comfy clothes or you can change into scrub type clothes they have there. At first you may feel odd about the open room concept but you get over it as soon as it starts.  I gave TFM Gift Certificates as Christmas presents this year and everyone raved that they were the best massages they had ever had.   You must give it a try!
1 I had a Thai yoga massage done and I was in so much pain afterward than before especially in my lower back. I've been hunting for a good Thai massage around the area and heard a lot about this one. I thought I'd give it a try since they have the right concept of giving Thai massage with the mattress on the floor. I had Real Thai massages in Thailand so I expected to get the same treatment and I was wrong . My friends who went along didn't care for this place either. Don't waste your money. If you're looking for a real massage go to the licensed massage therapist and pay a little more money to get the job done right.
5 Whenever I'm having a bad week or just need some time to relax and loosen up - This is the place that comes to mind!   David does such a GREAT job and remembers exactly how I like it! A couple of times I went and had others give me a massage, but it wasn't the same.    Clean is my thing when it comes to massages - and they are definitely clean.  Light music and low lighting..never fails - I always fall asleep.  Be sure and ask for the 1st timers discount rate!
3 So this place was a little bit painful when i went. To be honest the massage was going well and it was very calming and then my massage therapist did the same thing on my other side as he did to my first side. (some awkward chicken wing deal). Needless to say my other side came out not relaxed and infact in pain.   I'd go back, but i would definitely tell them to calm down on the bad wrestling move gone massage..
5 i have always hated that massages were so expensive. for this price i will def go back many times!!! they also did a great job and it was very relaxing...
5 Stumbled upon this hidden gem from a recommendation by my sister-in-law. All I can say is WOW! My massage was uhhhh-mazing! Don't be fooled by the name- it's a head to toe massage that won't disappoint. I like my massages pretty firm and my masseuse, Linda, definitely delivered.   The massage is done in a communal room, but once you lie down and close your eyes you don't even notice. Such a relaxing vibe there with soft music, running water, & soft fragrances in the air. You keep your clothes on which I thought might affect the quality of the massage, but it didn't.   LOVE this place and I'll definitely be back!   Ps: I also loved how we were able to get an appointment for the same day within the hour. :)
1 This is a warning to all the ladies out there utilzing this establishment.  I was getting a full body clothing massage just yesterday and thought that under no circumstance would the therapist lift up my shirt while laying on my stomach and lift my bra strab to apply lotion on my back.  I felt extremely uncomfortable because through out the massage the therapist never applied lotion any where except at this point. i don't know how this establisment stay in business.
5 I CANNOT believe I haven't reviewed this place! I went here a few months ago and it was fantastic! A full body massage that seemed to go on forever for such a low price. I could have sat there all day. The people are very friendly and do a wonderful job. This is definitely the nicest foot massage/reflexology place I have been to, would definitely recommend.
5 Went here for the first time. The entire experience was wonderful. I had the thai foot massage 1 hour session for 30 dollars. I was surprised when they massaged the entire body from head to toe, with more focus on the leg ! The ambience was really good and made me feel relaxed. I would definitely go back
5 I am not one to just give 5 stars to anyone but this place absolutely, positively deserves it! it was my first time visiting a Thai massage establishment and I am totally hooked after just one visit. Once you go into the back you really feel like you are on a mini vacation somewhere. So peaceful, quiet and relaxing. The whole experience was much more than i was expecting. The boyfriend and myself stopped in for some Thai foot massages and we left completely relaxed, happy and wanting to turn right back around for another session. Like I said, the experience was SO much more than what I was expecting..it was fantastic. I will be back Soon , for their Thai stretching/massage they offer.   Totally affordable and totally awesome.  Your feet do a lot for you EVERDAY... show them how much you appreciate all their hard work :)
5 Amazing!! Can't wait to make Thai Foot Massage a regular practice in my life. I am 40 week pregnant tomorrow and wish I would have enjoyed this sooner. My husband is the gem who found this place. Thank you so much for the outstanding experience.
5 One of the best and unique massages I have ever gotten! I thought it would be strange going into a massage in a group setting but once the massage started  (you keep your clothes on and they cover your eyes) I relaxed completely and forgot about that. Very tranquil, felt stretched and loose afterwords and my feet felt awesome especially since I had been on my feet all week 40+ hours a week at my job. Would recommend over and over!
5 After hearing my coworkers rave about the services they recieved here, I decided I had to check this place out. At first I was a little put off at the thought of having just a foot massage but when I arrived I realized you could opt for a full bodied, clothed massage with the pricing at $35 for 30 mins, $60 for 60 mins and $85 for 90 mins. On my first visit I decided on the 30 min just in case I didn't like it. About 5 mins into it I was wishing I chose the longer one. I went with my sister and boyfriend and as we walked in I saw that it's done in one big communal room with 5 or so beds. I had expected to be distracted by the other people in the room. Fortunately that didn't happen and I quickly drifted off into a dreamlike state. I wouldn't reccommend this place to anyone who is accustomed to higher end spas or anyone who needs a specific area worked on. I would however recommend this place to anyone who wants a relaxing, reasonable priced, quality massage.
3 It is ok if you want a cheap massage. I still prefer the regular spa massage where you are in the room alone with just the therapist. The massage was ok. The therapist don't seem to be trained professionally. The thing I dont like is that when you walk into the room, all the therapists look at you weird. No smile or whatsoever. When you move or say things, you can tell they are looking at you again which makes you feel very strange.  $30/hr is a deal but you get what you pay for.
5 BEST money I have ever spent.  My brother & niece has tried to get us to go for sometime now and we finally got around to it.   Clean, very friendly & very affordable. Can't wait to go back.
1 Went for a 1 hour massage.  After massage was done I got dressed drank a glass of water paid for mine and my brothers massage and walk out the door.  When I walked out the door I looked at the time on my phone and it had only been 50min.  Let the girl at the front desk know and they acted like I was crazy.  I have no need to lie about the length of my massage.  I get massages once a week and have never checked the time until now.
5 I really had a relaxing experience there. The receptionists and therapists are very friendly. They really did a good job massaging me. $30 for one hour from head to toe is an great price. I still come back once or twice a month.
3 I would have given this place a higher rating but it doesn't compare to my usual therapist from my old hometown.  However, I enjoy my massages every time I come here.  I only wish they would concentrate on the areas which I need more work on.  Their prices are very affordable and worth it.  I've done the yoga massage for the first time and it was interesting and enjoyable.  David is my usual...ask for him if you really need a deep tissue massage.  I think it's funny when Asians who can't speak English have English names.
5 I have a horrendous insomnia problem and they always put me to sleep here! I've never had a bad session! I feel bad for the people next to me because I'm always snoring haha
4 We were here a couple of years ago, and were pleased with the massage, so we decided to give them a try again.   You still have the cozy feeling when you walk into the place, nicely decorated throughout.   I checked with my husband, and both our massages were very good.  My husbands complaint was the male employees don't seem to keep the prep noise down as the females.  They were dropping the bucket of water down and sliding it across the floor.  Other than that our service was pretty good.  I had Luna and I would request her again if ever in town.
1 This place is nice and clean, but it is not as described. It is not a foot massage place!  I went here last night for an intense foot massage. I scheduled my visit ahead of time and indicated I wanted an hour long foot massage. Well I received a 10 minute foot massage that was not intense along with some weird back rub. The rub really did nothing for me. I was so disappointed that I didn't want to tip, but did so because I felt it was the right thing to do. Therefore, if you want a good foot massage go elsewhere. If you just want an Asian to touch you go here.
2 You know how I know this was a bad experience? Cause all I thought about during my entire 90 minute " massage" was writing this yelp review.    I have been here many times, always very satisfied, but yesterday was AWEFUL!   Three customers in the whole place and they had us all right beside each other. The employees were whispering back and forth to each other. That is distracting.  The whole experience was so distracting.   Every time they would open the door leading to the back room, it created this  "Whooshing" vortex sound, followed by laughter and talking, either they were having a party in the back room, or the back door was open to the outside and you could hear lots of other people talking and laughing. Either way it was so irritating and uncomfortable. The back room door was opened at least 12 times during my 90 minute session.   So I never had the chance to relax at all.   I won't mention the sound of the toilet flushing, some things, I realize can't be helped.   The back door, combined with the whispering, combined with the plastic bags they use for the foot bath bowl, being opened and placed in the bowls for the next customer almost drove me mad!  It was this crunchy cellophane sounding noise. So DISTRACTING!   That, combined with the buckets of water being poured at top speed into the foot bath bowls, combined with the annoying finger popping and palm slapping they do on customers, combined with the CONSTANT phone ringing at the front desk!!   Aarrgghhhhhh!  I literally almost got up and left two or three times!!   The massage lady literally left me a few times to go into the swooshing back room, I am assuming to get the hot towels, she was gone for an eternity. The second time she was gone for so long, I literally sat up to make sure I wasn't being punked.    She rubbed my head lightly for AT LEAST 30 minutes and lightly feathered my feet for another 30 Minutes.  She  "feathered" my arms for a few Wasted miñutes and rubbed my back for the last 2 minutes before doing the HORRID act of palm slapping to alert me it was over!!!  She never moved around to different muscles or pressure points. She sat and stared off into space and rubbed one area of my foot forever. I peeked out from under the washcloth and she was totally zoned out.  I think she had gone to the beach! I was supposed to be zoned out, at the beach, NOT HER!!!!   Oh!! I almost forgot about the music!! Which I wouldn't even bother to mention had everything else been perfect, but since the whole experience was so AWEFUL, I might as well complain about everything!!   The music was  from a Beethoven concerto number 45.  It was upbeat and fast at some points.  I heard church bells in one song I swear!  I want to hear ZEN music or the ocean!!! I am here to relax! But I left a great big ball of aggravated NERVES!!!   I honestly thought I was gonna peek out from under the cloth to find the Blue Man  Group standing there ready to break out in some iconic song using all the noises in the place... "Swoosh Swoosh, crackle POP! Flush flush! Ring ring ring! Church bells pouring water pour! Pour!   Anyway!  That didn't happen, at least that would have been entertaining.  It was not good. :((   One bad experience is all it takes.  :(
1 This has to be the worst massages my wife & I have received in our lives.  My wife and I have been getting massages all around the world including Thailand for 20 years.  We call and get 1.5 hour appointments at 8:30pm.  (1 hour body & 1/2 hour foot massage) We arrive at 8:32 and start filling out forms.  My wife's 1st question SPECIFICALLY asks for a strong therapist.  The receptionist says yes, there is a strong therapist.  My wife's 2nd question was if the therapist was Thai; the receptionist says no, they are Chinese...BUT they've been trained by a Thai therapist.  I have nothing against Chinese therapists (I am Chinese) when I am getting a Chinese massage.  The techniques are worlds apart.  The receptionist continues to say it's OK, many customers ask for these therapists, they are good, etc...  So we make the wrong choice and continue.  We change into their shirt and pants and lie down on the mat.  My massage starts with a foot rub and pressing on my legs.  Not much of a massage just kind of squeezing on my muscles.  Continued onto the rest of my legs.  After that she started to pull and bend my legs.  Not much pressure was being applied so I'm not sure what this "exercise" was about.  Not much changed for the duration of the 1 hour.  A lot of of just lightly rubbing and petting like other Yelpers mentioned.  Rubbed my scalp, my ears, my back, my neck and my arms a few times.  Pulled on my fingers...THIS WAS NOT A MASSAGE. Now onto the last 1/2 hour, the foot massage.  The therapists actually switched at this point!  I didn't know what's going on until later.  Much of the same thing, squeezing my foot here and there and that's about it.  My wife is fuming about her massage while we're changing back to our clothes.   For her first hour, she had to tell the therapist where to massage and she needed to be stronger.  Nothing relaxing about this at all.  Kept telling her stronger, the therapist would press a little harder once or twice.  This one didn't have a clue of how or where to massage.  This went on for an hour. So the therapists decide that they need to switch because the one massaging my wife was getting tired from using all her strength...WT??  My therapist had more energy because she was just squeezing my arms & legs, they switch so I get the tired therapist to massage my feet.   The last 1/2 hour for my wife was exactly like mine, just a foot squeeze.  So we go to the front counter to tell the receptionist of what just happened.  She actually said to us, "we came in too late in the day, all the therapists are tired.  It's time for them to go home."  If we knew this, we would not have even came here at all. I don't know why, but we paid and gave a tip...  So the next morning, I call and look for someone to talk to about my experience.  I called their other location and talked to a "manager".  She took my number and said she'll call the "general manager". I get a call and talk to this man and he said sorry I can't help you, you stayed for the 1.5 hours so I can't do anything for you.  I explained that what we received was not a massage and I shouldn't have to pay for this. He said if the therapists used more strength, they can get in trouble if they hurt their customers.  I said they weren't even massaging their customers!   This man is very impolite and did not care about customer service at all.  He hung up on me. Oh yeah, he said we got a 20% new customer discount...we got a good price. Yeah right.  Pass on this place.  Unprofessional and bad service.  Too bad this is the only Thai massage in PHX.
2 Alright so first impression of this place was WOW what a nice setting. Truly pleasing to the eye. The lighting is a lot darker than what you see in pictures, but they light plenty of candles.   I like how they place a heated beanbag on your lower back, it helps relieve the tension right there. A lot of places don't know or don't understand that people with lower back pain CAN'T lay flat on their back without any cushion to support, because it could be extremely painful. Now let's fast forward to the massage....she was ok. Wasn't bad but wasn't good enough either. She elbowed my shoulders lol how is that supposed to feel good? But who knows maybe I'll get someone better next time. I also didn't like how the men and women were whispering to each other in their language. Don't they know we're all here to relax? And the bathroom along with the backdoor is right next to where everyone is getting their massages. Every time someone would enter or come out you would hear everything. It wakes everyone up.   Now after everything was over and I tipped my gal already, I come outside to pay.. The receptionist girl obviously knows nothing about customer service. Whoever decided to put her at the front should know she's going to cost you many customers. She was not pleasant to begin with, when I arrived she did not greet and welcome me. I had to say hello to HER and mention that I have an appointment before she even decided to look away from her phone. She also did not care to ask me "how was everything?" when I came back out. Haha, and that wasn't even the end of it. After I paid she ASKED me if I had already tipped. What? How unprofessional and rude. I understand gratuity is appreciated but here it's required. There's even a sign that says they would like at least $5 tips. Makes me think, why did I give my girl a $10?
