4 This was my first time in the salon as my long-time hair stylist just moved to this salon. Her name is Lisa and she is a whiz at cuts, color & highlights! I have super curly hair so I can't trust just anybody! Lisa also does nails!  The salon was huge-kinda funky, great music and all around great vibe.
4 The Salon - hip without being the kind of place that is snobbishly so.   The front desk staff - always nice, always says hello, helps me out and are pretty fabulous looking themselves.   I go to Michelle Monet for hair cut and color and she is fabulous. I am one of those people who loves to try different things and come in with a vague idea and she can run with it and make it better than even my original concept. A friend of mine who is super picky about her hair went to Michelle with a variety of pictures and Michelle made it come out EXACTLY like the photos. She's also really good about talking a person out of something if their hair just won't do the cut/color justice.   I pay $140 for cut/color and that's for enough foil being in my hair to make it look like I am wearing a tin foil hat!   I used to get pedicures done here, but thfor their price of a spa pedicure I want seperate metal bowls with rose petals brought out for my feet.
5 I am very particular about my hair, since I have had many horrible experiences. I have probably been every color in the rainbow - on accident- woops...   My bangs have been chopped on accident, hair has been damaged and fried. So yes I am a very weary person when it comes to a salon- because everyone women knows- a Women's best accessorie is their hair ;]  I had a girlfriend who went here and said nothing but great things so I had to try it for myself. The salon was really pretty in side, and had a very laid back feel. I love the decor and the colors, and the staff was very friendly.   My stylist was Amanda, and she was really fun. We talked the whole time, and there were none of those weird akward silences like you have at some salons because you do not know what to talk about..  I had my hair cut, layered, and styled. She also died my hair, and added highlights. She did a really great job, and it was not that expensive at all- which I totally loved-  She also can do makeup! Which is great, because the salon, does hair, nails, and makeup :)   Everyone needs to go here at least once- and don't forget to ask for Amanda, she was the best!!!!
4 Complimentary water or soda.  I will never forget because I was asked three times.  $30 for a pedicure.  That included the extra charge for the callus remover.  This will be my spot for any emergency mani/pedi situations when in Vegas
1 ****worst manicure ever****  If I could give this place a negative star I would. I purchased a Fox 5 groupbuy for a mani/pedi. The girl started doing my manicure and I told her EXACTLY how I like my nails done (which is pretty simple) square cut and clear polish, my nails are pretty long, and I told her I wanted them cut down (but not completely off) she started clipping my nails and I don't know if the tool was old but it wasn't comfortable and at one point I had reflexively pulled my hand back when I felt  it almost clip my skin. Meanwhile she starts filing my nails, then puts cuticle oil on them but never pushes my cuticles back but instead starts scraping across the top of all my nails, which I've never experienced before, then slaps clear on and tells me we are done. She never soaked my nails. I was so irate when I saw what she did to my nails. They have never looked so horrible. She cut all my nails off and all of them were uneven and the top of my nails now feel so rough like sandpaper from her scraping them.   I was so appalled by this that I was too afraid to do the pedicure and I expressed this to the front desk girl, who in turn told the mgr on duty but she never came out to  even apologize or look at my nails.   This girl should not be aloud to see clients, I'm so beyond upset, and for a mgr to not even come out and see me shows this place has poor business etiquette. Stay away from this place.
5 Took the girl friend to get her hair cut and colored by a hairstylist by the name of Ann. She was so friendly and did a great job on my girl friends' hair. Not only did my lady love the service she also recommend her friends to get their hair done here. Very clean salon with great service!!
5 Ann Mary Hanna is amazing!  I went to her while on vacation and she salvaged 8 months of regrowth of three different colors and lots of damaged ends.  I left the salon feeling completely renewed and confident!   Ann is very friendly, asks what you want and discussing her opinions and options before anything done.  Would recommend her to any one!
5 Ann Hanna was my stylist at this salon and she was amazing. She knows the styles and works with you to get you exactly what you want. She is super friendly, which, when you have to sit in a chair with someone doing your hair for what can sometimes take hours, is VERY important. She makes the time fly by. My hair has never felt so great either! I have long dark brown hair and I love to get red highlights in my hair, but for anyone who knows anything about color, red is the worst color because it fades quick and then your hair looks copper. She did something different and my hair stayed red for 3 months. I'm talkin red red, like it looked like I just had it done,....after 3 months. She's an amazing hair stylist and I would recommend her to ANYONE!
4 Great pedicures! the service was good, the pedicurists were nice, tentative, not talking & laughing too much between them in a foreign language (like in a lot of other salons). The pedicure massage chairs are very comfy and offer a nice massage during the treatment. The prices are not so bed, especially for Las Vegas. The salon is located in a good shopping center, there you can find various food places (like Sushi, Mex, frozen yogurt), Walgreens and a gas station.
1 Really nice looking place.  But that was all...
3 My nails were done by a man.  He paid attention to the edges (which most people avoid) and polished my full nail (most people don't do this either - half fasting it).  I did sit at the counter unattended for sometime though they all saw me standing there.  The price was a little much so I chopped his tip!  Sorry, them the breaks.  When I came in it was slow.  As it started to pick up he was looking around a lot then rushed to finish my nails.   At one point, he abruptly got up and walked away without saying anything and went to chat with someone at the front desk.  In the end, he turned a fan on and walked away.  I wasn't put under a UV light.
1 Worst place ever.....how do day even stay in business.  Their customer service sucks, their employees are just a bunch of blah.  Even the owner is blah.
1 Don't you never ever go there. I never write a review for my experience because I'm not that picky. But people in nail salon are ridicuously rude I couldn't believe it. There are so many bubbles in my nails after they colored. It is UGLY and GROSS and I didn't see any professionalism from them. Please don't waste your money..... They asked me to pay before they colored my nails and I was planning to tip them in cash. As soon as they saw the receipt with no tips, they changed their behavior. Doing it by MYSELF is a lot better.
