4 The Envy lounge is located right in front of the Steakhouse in the Renaissance.  It's a hidden gem but known to convention vets.    Why pay $$$ inside the convention hall for reheated frozen crap when you can step right outside and head over and grab a custom made Envy Signature Burger.  I always make sure to stop for one when I'm here for CES or SEMA.  Yeah it's $14, but it'll be better than anything from the concession stand.  And you'll get to relax while you enjoy it before heading back over to the show floor or calling it a day.
4 This place in located on the first floor of the Renaissance LV Hotel. I have to say I wasn't too impressed with this place at first but after I made a few visits my feelings changed quickly.   Why I like this place.....   The bartenders are personable. They pour good drinks and the prices are reasonable. Another great thing about this place is if you order any bar food it comes from the same kitchen as their restaurant (which gets good ratings). They have several large screen TV's so you can catch a sporting event if that's what you're interested in. There are a variety of seating options too but I prefer sitting at the bar here.   What I don't like about this place....   It sure doesn't specialize in ambiance. It's a perfectly fine hotel bar but it's far from what I would call "intimate". Outside seating is an option but it overlooks Paradise Road which is a busy street.   All in all a perfectly great place to have a cocktail and enjoy a appetizer.
3 We met up with a friend who was in town for business. 4 mixed drinks were $50. While this may be reasonable to some people, I'm local and know where to get more reasonable drinks, so this is a bit high to me.  The stars are still at 3, as the drinks were at least reasonably strong, and we were not searching for a taste of alcohol.
3 Decent hotel bar to watch tv and get a middle of the road burger. Bar menu is a bit limited and boring with just flat bread pizzas and burgers/sandwich.  Ahi appetizer on restaurant menu made for a nice light entree.
4 Really good flat bread and great service. this hotel lounge is just a few steps away from the monorail. Seriously for a Marriot this place is nice. Did I mention the service is great too.
5 Had dinner there on Sunday, November 4, 2012. We had just flown in from Anchorage and were exhausted and in need of a good dinner. This place turned out to be fantastic! The service was excellent and the food was delicious. We had the calamari and shrimp appetizer to start off. A lot of places overcook these until the calamari is like a pencil eraser but these were perfect; done just enough to be cooked but still with a smooth texture. My wife and I each had a salad and then for the main course I had the lamb chops and she ordered the filet with the Pinot reduction. Both dishes were amazingly good! Based on the great service, the excellent food, the good wine selection, and the great presentation I gave this place five stars. A little out of the way over at the Renaissance hotel near the convention center but worth the trip.
4 If this restaurant ever wanted to stand by itself on the strip, they would not have any problem bringing in business.  The waiters are very knowledgeable about the menu and all the dishes.  However, one shortfall was that their so-called sommelier suggested a wine that was much cheaper than the one we originally picked out.  Since our group was on vacation, we wanted to spend money.  Wine was only a fraction of our meal and the rest of it spoke for itself.  Many in the group ordered the filet mignon while I ordered the surf and turf.  Cooked to near perfection complimented by truffle fries and a bland mac n' cheese.  By the end of the night, we were stuffed and super happy.  Simply a great experience and will look forward to coming back next time!
5 YUM! We ate here twice during our stay @ Marriott Renaissance.  We ordered enjoyed sliders, Trio and ahi salad!  All good choices.  Friendly, fast service.  Love their new decor.  Super cool furniture.  I also like all of the windows which makes for a nice open feel.  Bar is nice with T.V.'s for sports and news seekers.  Casual spot.  Nice for lunch or before dinner drinks and appetizers.
5 Top notch steak house where everything on the menu is excellent, from appetizers to entrees (at least everything our large party had). Service is outstanding, even when the place gets busy.
5 Delicious flavorful, moist succulent 40 oz rib eye! Delicious 4 cheese Mac and cheese. We were very impressed! Come hungry or split with up to 4 people. Well worth the money.
4 O. M. Freakin' G. Envy is delicious!  Took my girlfriend here for valentines day and it didn't disappoint.   They were doing a valentines day prix fixe menu with some very interesting options. My favorite was the foie gras ravioli. Wow.  My porterhouse was cooked PERFECTLY and the service was top shelf.  It gets a little pricy, but you should expect that if you want to try great restaurants.  The only downside is the markup on wine. $10 bottles are going for $65+?!?! Work on that and this would be a perfect steakhouse.  The downside to writing a review at 9:30pm? Now I'm going to dream about the ravioli... :/
4 I was rather nervous having breakfast here.   I'd had an exceptional dinner here several nights before. Despite a super servers (Niki's) exceptional efforts, I experienced a celiac episode.   Servers don't control what happens in the kitchen.  I was about to hop a long flight home and between long conference calls, chanced it for breakfast. Stepha totally knocked it out the park for attention to detail, patience, and general awesomeness. She worked with the kitchen to address my concerns on cross contamination, ingredients - everything celiacs have to know.  So the four stars are because both servers here hit way above their weight class. Ask for them by name: they should be Yelp superstars.   The -1 star is for not having a clearer menu for allergy warnings in general, which I've found common in Las Vegas.  If you want to speed up your table flips, offer the dietary information on special menus like other cities do. You'll reduce wear and tear on your wait staff and promote the higher end products that have an affinity to specific diets whether through necessity or popularity.
3 Really! $$ is so wrong. Try $$$$. This is a hotel steak restaurant. New york strip steak was average and $49. Service was ok but inexperienced.
