4 I think I'm the last person on earth to finally try a yogurt place- I've tried ice cream places, just never got the yogurt hype, thought I could try this out and make up my mind.  As you step in, there are cups to the side of the wall that you can pick up (looks like there are only 2 cups sizes, unfortunately they aren't marked). There is a sign that explains you go to the station with the flavors that you want and serve yourself, then take it to go weigh and pay for it. I got the vanilla and got blueberries and rasberries.. I didn't want to go for the other flavors like mango or pop tart since I didn't want it to be overly sweet.   Decor is modern and clean, very simple and to the point.  They have a lot of extras to put on your yogurt, (nuts, chocolate, syrups, etc.)  kind of reminded me of Cold Stone ice cream toppings. It came out to a little over $2 for 5 oz. of yogurt. Not sure if that was good, but it was pretty tasty.
5 This place is awesome. Cheap and just as good as yogurtland! I had some french vanilla, cookies and cream, and chocolate yogurt and they were all tasty. They have a massive selection of toppings including candy, fruit, and cereal. Inside its relaxing and modern.   I had a big cup of froyo with yummy toppings for just over 3 bucks. The only thing I thought was a bit odd was that they use LCD digital picture frames with memory cards as the labels for the different flavors. Not sure how well they will hold up in the long term but a interesting idea.   Service was friendly and it was very clean. Overall : Awesome
5 The best tasting yogurt place around!
4 Good yogurt + nice friendly employees = happy customer
2 This is the 3rd yogurt place I've been to, and the one I am least impressed with.  Both yogurt flavors that I wanted were low on mix. My boyfriend's weren't, but his yogurt also didn't taste good. The toppings were mislabeled and not very clean.   The girl ringing us up was nice and funny, but that was the only positive thing. We went here because we had a 50% off coupon. The girl said that without the coupon, it would have been $14! That's extremely expensive compared to the other shops we've been to.  We won't be returning.
4 This is a good local place to grab some fro yo. They are open late so your cravings can be met till 11pm. Did I mention they have free wifi? Yep, grab a cup of fro yo and surf the web in their modern style shop. They usually have over 10 selections of fro yo and a lot of options for toppings. They have sorbets, tart flavors, and sweet flavors for their froyo. All sorts of fruit, syrups, candies, chocolate, nuts, you get the picture. They charge .39 cents an oz and although they are not as cheap as yogurtland, they are still reasonable.
4 I don't know why everyone keeps saying this place is cheap.  They don't even have prices up anywhere that I could see.  It cost me $27 for 6 of us.  So that's about $4.50 a person for a reasonable size serving.  Just as expensive as these cupcake and Coldstone type places.  Anyway, their yogurt was very tasty.  Everything was very flavorful and fresh.  The non fat free versions were very smooth without being too rich as you'd expect from frozen yogurt.  The sorbet was also excellent; probably one of their best.  Red Velvet Cake was also great.  Unsurprisingly, the vanilla and chocolate flavors were "meh," but I have yet to find one of those flavors of frozen yogurt ever that has impressed me.  The inside place was nice in a modern decor kind of way.  It was very clean and there was a decent amount of seating inside.
3 Pretty decent. As usual, it's not as good as Yogurtland. There was only 2 tart flavors, 1 of which was Sour Apple, so that barely counts. They have a decent selection of toppings.
4 I love the convenience of this place, the flavors they offer and the amount of toppings they have.
4 Good, but nothing amazing or different from every other yogurt place out there.  Clean, fresh looking decor. Some of the flavors were down, but over all a good experience.
5 I LOVE the orange sherbet! A couple of reviewers have mentioned that the flavors are more sweet which is my preference for fro yo. I have never been into tart fro yo.
4 The peppermint was yummy and for only 32 cents and oz it was cheap too. Much better than some other yogurt places and there isn't any other one too near by so luckily its well done. Not enough fruit toppings though.
4 I really like this location.  The staff is friendly and the place is clean.  Their "mango balls" are so good and it compliments almost any of the yogurts. Don't forget to sign up for the frequent punch card.
