5 Although it is true, Spectrum Fitness and Wellness Center could use an update, one must remember that this is a baby gym, It will only continue to grow, develop, and improve. Personally, I would trade my personal TV on my brand new machine for the knowledge, guidance, and overall friendly atmosphere created by the people who are giving this gym their all. Those who give them a chance will witness this gym blossom into its full potential, and will enjoy being a part of it!
5 Huge gym, with every type of equipment you can imagine and multiple of each. Tons of free weights so you never have to wait for anything. Never crowded and has a full size pool, hot tub, sauna and steam room. Best price in town from what I found. Not to mention the equipment is in awesome condition and when something breaks, they fix it right away, unlike most other gyms I have had memberships at.
4 I'm not a fan of the gym, not because I don't like physical activity but because I prefer to do it either outdoors or in a semi-competitive setting.  I'm sorry but riding the elliptical for 30 minutes then, messing around with the weights for another 30 seems dull as shit. I wasn't finding anything in my area that piqued my interest by means of exercise and this gym is close to home so I stopped by to check it out.  I was mainly concerned with the fitness classes they offered and if the times would fit in to my schedule.  My second concern was contract, the word makes me cringe, I hate commitments.  Luckily, no contract, an even $20 per month and $10 extra for unlimited childcare - I was in baby.  I've been to every class the gym has to offer (except water aerobics) and I love it all.  The instructors are awesome and strive to make the class a challenge for all fitness levels.  The locker rooms are super clean, well the women's anyway.  My 2 year old boy loves going to the childcare and talks about his "teacher" even when we are at home.   The only downside is they have an in-house "doctor" that is there with the premise of getting you healthy, when really he's trying to sling HCG for $500.
3 Bought a three-month pass for a school fundraiser. I haven't been back here since it was Fitness Factory. It's basically the same gym, they haven't changed it much at all other than the health food bar. The equipment is newer and well-maintained. Even though they have a kids zone, it's still not a very kid-friendly place.   The downside is they don't seem to like using their air-conditioner. It's always hot and sticky like a sauna inside. I'm going to assume I'm burning even more calories that way!
4 Nice selection of equipment, no waiting for anything, and equipment is in good working condition.  Always clean, but I've noticed the air conditioning has been lacking a little lately...perhaps this is a way they are keeping prices reasonable...  Wife liked the yoga classes, and the pool area looks great!  This is a mostly no-frills, uncrowded, well-equipped gym.  You won't be paying for the yuppie "lifestyle" or stupid booming music.  So, if you want a nice gym, without the used car salesmanship atmosphere, this is it!  Add TV stations to the ellipticals, and this would be 5 stars.
4 This place Is pretty good. I like the fact that you don't need to worry about it being overcrowded which is very nice. It also has a swimming pool which is great especially if you don't want to heat your pool up in the winter time with the extra cost. Staff seem nice and the membership fees are rather reasonable
4 Can't beat the price! Spectrum Fitness is now only $10 a month (Cardio & Weights) or choose the Premier membership at $20 a month (I was grandfathered in) for all classes, pool usage and Unlimited Guests Pass (bring a friend everyday, if you want, just have them buy you lunch...hehe)...you also get access to the new Mesa location, with unlimited Tanning included (Yay!)! If you want to pay for country club amenities that you barely use and show off your new fitness clothes, go somewhere else.
3 Its a nice gym and I love the Zumba classes. Wish they had more classes and better teachers (my fav left!). Definitely a place to join if you are more of a weight/treadmill person.
1 This place is terrible.  I have to start off by saying that I am not a member at this gym, but I wanted to be... I read from a fellow  Yelper that you could use the cardio and weights for $10 a month.  I wasn't sure if this was just a promotion so I attempted SEVERAL times to reach out to Spectrum.  I email them through their website a couple of times, and I also found an email on their facebook page.  After attempting to send at least 4 emails that warrented no response, I thought maybe commenting through their Facebook page would get them to respond.  I simply stated "does no one return emails from Spectrum Fitness"  Of course since this was out for the world to see, they quickly commented "we haven't recieved any of your emails except the one you just sent" amazing how the email started to work!!  I inquired about their memberships, since I belong to Pure Barre, I just want somewhere to run indoors.  They told me that they had a basic membership, for $9.99/ month a $49 enrollment fee and a $39.99 annual fee.  Annual fees are all of a sudden part of memberships at gyms, find I'll pay my annual dues, but we all know enrollment fees are just a way to collect more money from me.  Collect it from the people that dont use their memberships.  They also had a premier membership $20 a month with some other fees.  On their website they say they will waive enrollement ifyou bring in your old gym key tag!  Perfect I was going to switch gyms!  When i inquired about this, he said only if I bring in a coupon... no where online does it say I have to bring in a coupon.  When asking about this I got NO RESPONSE.  I emailed them again saying exactly what I wanted out of my membership, take it or leave it.  I then got a response saying that they can't remove the annual fee.... NOT WHAT I WAS ASKING! Thanks for not answering my questions correctly.  I haven't heard anything from the last two emails that I sent so I then decided I was over it.    What a joke this place is.  Unlike Facebook they can't remove my review on Yelp.  People should be warned this place does not have it together!!! Don't waste your time with a management team that could care less that you are there, but just want to collect a bunch of BS fees.  I wish I could have given 0 stars to Spectrum or Evolution or whatever this place is called!
1 Gross gym!...Dirty, not enough bikes, or equipment..mats are disgusting and torn up..wood floor is coming up in places...bathrooms..gross....I have been to a couple classes where there are literally 2 or 3 people in the class...that should've been a clear sign not to join as this gym has been many gyms in the past......Susan the muscle instructor is awesome...and Tammie, one of the zumba instructors is great as well....those are the two best things about this gym
1 Joined during their promotion to turn in your fob from another gym and they waive some fees.  I did that, turning in my fob from a larger gym just down the street.  Less amenities but not as crowded.  Class schedules were limited but I figured it was just because they were under new management and didn't have a lot of members.  Probably would have given it a 4 at that stage.    Found out less than a month after signing up that I was assigned to an project that took me out of state every week.  Went in to cancel, understanding that I had to give 30 days, but was told I couldn't cancel without a manager and there wasn't a manager on site and that only Managers had access to the cancellation form - I supposed so they can try and talk me out of canceling.  I asked when a manager would be in and rearranged my schedule to return.  Guess what, no manager.  Now another week has gone by and the 30 days notice is still required.  I agreed to try one more time and still no manager.  At this stage I wasn't sure a manager even existed.  On the third attempt and 16 days after I first attempted to cancel, I told the front desk that I was unacceptable that they weren't letting me cancel and wrote out my own cancellation notice and left it with her.    And then the collection calls started.  I explained and explained but no one cared.  I went to the location again and on the 5 attempt, stumbled upon a manager.  She told me I couldn't cancel with a past due.  I explained my problem.  She said sorry.  I paid for the additional month that I owed as part of my 30 days notice. I'm not trying to cheat them, just have them follow their end of the contract.  I refuse to pay the rest,  Let them report to a credit agency.  They will get more bad press than just this post.  Ask them to give you the cancellation form when you sign up.  At least you'll be prepared in the event you decide to cancel.  Too bad because I'd have re-joined after my project ended, but have gone back to my original gym.
