5 I must say how surprising it is to walk into this space every show and see the transformation that takes place in such an intimate setting. New to the Las Vegas community, I find myself drawn to the arts and this place is my new favorite spot. Its' a rather small theatre located in the Arts Square and reminds me a bit of Narnia. I mean, you just see a door but whats behind the door is where the magic happens. All of the shows this season have been quirky with some dark twists to them which sets them apart. Its nice to see a show that isn't predictable and stereotypical. The actors, directors, and tech crews all do their jobs bringing a good story to life. The prices are great for Las Vegas tickets and there is a fun bar right next door called the Artifice that gives you an opportunity to grab some wine or a cocktail to bring in with you. All in all if you are looking for a date night place or just want to check out a great quality production I reccomend the Cockroach Theatre!
5 Just saw "Death of a Salesman" and it was very good. The theatre is small but very nice. I thought they did an excellent job with casting and the sets. Great job by the lighting crew as well. I was actually late, but it was easy to check in and pay for tickets. The staff was very friendly and helpful with any questions that I had. I can't wait to go back for another performance. In case you aren't sure where it's located.  The theatre is right behind The Artiface (in fact they had the door open so that you could go in between the two during intermission. This makes it within walking distance of Bar+Bistro, so it's easy to have dinner before or after.
5 Walking into this theater for the first time brought me back several lifetimes ago, to the New York I knew, and that New York was filled with many Off-Off-Broadway adventures, some wonderful, some ho-hum, and some just unbearably boring.  But the hallmark of all of them was the impossibly tiny theater, often seating no more than a dozen people.  And sometimes, even the concept of the word "seat" was loosely defined.   Occasionally, those productions begat greatness - "A Soldier's Play," whose original cast included Adolph Caesar as Sergeant Waters, Denzel Washington as Private Peterson, Samuel L. Jackson as Private Louis Henson - went on to become the acclaimed "A Soldier's Story."    Cockroach Theater evoked that same feeling of electricity.  But this time, the seats were comfortable, though the elbow room was a bit evocative of a coach airline seat.  With only three or four rows of seats, it's an intimate experience that has the viewer so close to the action that it's hard not to be woven into the story.  We were there to see "The Chalk Boy," and all four of us were all impressed with the set, lighting, background music, story, and most compelling, the high quality of the acting.  Each of the four actors, two of whom played multiple parts, were consummately polished and professional.  The theater is a true gem in the evolving Downtown scene, and I wish it a long and successful life.  I can't wait to go back.
5 I can only speak to the one production we saw, "Corner of Hacienda."  It was an original and it was excellent!  The space is very intimate, with the actors just a few feet away.  No bad seats in this very small theatre.  What impressed us most was how the time flew. Before seeing this show, I thought the 2- to 3-hour production should be dead and buried, our attention spans minimized by our steady diet of rapid-fire television shows and movies.  But this show kept my attention from beginning beyond the end as we discussed it on the way home.  I will definitely attend another production at Cockroach theater.
