5 First off, in the spirit of full disclosure, I work at The Cosmopolitan, which is where Violet Hour is situated, but fret not fellow Yelpers for the following words are at once sincere and a downright accurate representation of my experience as a customer.  Okay, let's talk nails.  Yes, gentle readers and lifelong friends, the once rugged and traditionally manly person behind the words thou art reading at this moment has gone full metro -- replete with manicured nails, groomed brows, textured and dimensionally colored hair, and paraffin-dipped mitts.  Back to nails...Jennifer Le is awesome personified.  An expert technician, she made my hands look and feel better than they ever had.  But more importantly, Jennifer made me feel at ease in an environment I wasn't accustomed to.  What's more, she took the time to get to know me.  It was a fantastic experience.  And now for hair...Andeen Rose-Clark is a master at her craft.  I remember running into her shortly before opening The Cosmopolitan back in December.  She took a look at my hair, which was "buzzed and faded" at the time, and asked how I felt about it.  I mentioned that my hair had been really short for the better part of two decades, mostly because I was under the impression that my mane had to be that short or Liu Kang long to look good.  She encouraged me to grow it out and to give her a shot at showing me what could be done.  I agreed.  Fast forward to a couple months later.  I found myself sitting in Andeen's chair uncertain about what was to come.  Keep in mind that up until that point, all of my haircuts were essentially done by yours truly in the comfort of my home or by a barber in my neighborhood.  I had no clue what I was in for!    Like Jennifer Le, Andeen did a phenomenal job of making me feel at ease.  She took the time to learn as much as she could about my lifestyle, my appetite for styling, and to teach me a couple of things about my own hair.  I left the salon that day with a hairstyle I love and a new commitment to (and appreciation for) spending time in high-end salons.  In the end, Violet Hour is as good as it gets.
4 So I was really skeptical about getting anything more than a blow out in an unfamiliar salon and especially with the lack of reviews for Violet Hour Salon. I was unable to get my color touched up before my trip and my ends seriously needed some trimming! My trip to Vegas was so low key that I decided to take any risks out on my hair (which is typically SOOO unlike my better judgement). I booked a partial highlight, cut and blow out. Having no clue who the colorist/stylist for the job would be I decided to harass the woman booking the appt and stress the fact that I am extremely picky about who I allow to touch my hair. She suggested Brandon for the procedure.     I'm not going to lie, I already had my reservations. He took awhile to scope out my hair and sum up what he would do AND then when I asked his age and he said he was only 23. I thought for sure I would be returning to my colorist and stylist back home to fix the damage. What a pleasant surprise Mister Brandon turned out to be! Aside from his patience with my concerns, he also went out of his way to satisfy my hunger for a snack by bringing me an apple, banana, and crasins! Now, back to my locks... The color turned out to be natural and seriously close to my usual. My cut was beyond expectations (even for my usual stylist) and I HATE to cut my hair because everyone seems to go scissor happy when they have a client with long hair. The blow out was fabulous; a balance of volume but not overdone (the compliments I received in the casino later that night was reassurance). May I also throw out there that the receptionist only booked me with Brandon for 2 hrs! Who in their right mind gives someone only 2hrs to color, cut and blow out a client that has elbow length hair?!? Well, shockingly he completed the task in 2.5 hrs (partial highlight which back home means 1/2 head turned into a 1/4 here but I am not complaining).     All in all, it was a surprisingly affordable, timely and good experience. I would recommend this salon and will definitely test out their other services during my next visit to Vegas!
5 Very bright, beautiful with excellent service. My hair was sexy and lasted me 2 days!! My make up was so flawless it was still intact after dancing all night long, jumping up and down, having an alcholic emotional break down and getting to my room at 5 am!! Unbelievable service!!
5 At Voilet Hour you get what you pay for, excellent care and service. 5 Star.   For your hair cut, Ask for Brandon. As a client for years, I couldn't ask for a better hair style, or a professional who keeps up-to-date knowledge and skill.
4 I am a fan of everything but the price tag.  I have been a client of Brandon since way before his spiffy days at Violet.  He is a talented artist.  He does things with my hair others talk about doing.  As a colorist he is very good and as a stylist, even better.  The salon is beautiful and the massage chair you get while they shampoo your hair is heaven!!!
5 This place is modern glam! All the stylists here are super friendly and quite amazing at what they do. I literally come to Vegas just to do my hair! LOL my hair stylist Brandon is brilliant! I started coming here since June 2011 and I will keep coming back! (:
2 This is only a review of the reservations system as I have not had my haircut yet....  But just to make clear to others, unless you are staying at the Cosmo, to make a reservation the Violet Hour require you to give them your credit card details over the phone.  I understand why they do it, and the receptionist was very polite through the whole process, but it is SO insecure to do that.  There has to be a better way to protect themselves against no-shows than forcing customers to risk having their credit card details get lost/stolen/abused.
5 Just got my hair shampooed and styled at this salon. The people are friendly! Great service!
5 Violet Hour in The Cosmopolitan is a beatiful salon, white, bright, and a whole lot of light, but all is for not if you don't have a good hair stylist. Lucky for me, I was in the hands of a great hair stylist, Brandon. I let Brandon know that I was looking for a new hairstyle and after a little hair feedback, he went to work. When Brandon was done, there was an ear-to-ear grin on my face and couldn't have been happier with the end result. Out with the old do and in with the new do, thank you Brandon.
4 Nice salon, although small.  They use Kerastase products, never a bad thing.  I booked a blowout and application of my clip-in extensions and was pleased with the results.  It lasted a couple of days in Vegas, always a monumental feat.  No pushiness about product or upsells, which I appreciate.  If I like it, I will buy it.  I didn't have the yelp-tastic Brandon (or maybe his clients just love to yelp?) but I had a solid service at a reasonable-ish price, given that it is a salon at one of the hottest properties on the Strip.  I wouldn't cross the street for this place, but if you're at Cosmo, don't go elsewhere for good blowout.
5 This place is a stunning sanctuary in Las Vegas.  We went in for mani/pedis and the gals were wonderful, EXTREMELY TALENTED, and very very kind.  Jennifer is extraordinary!  My cuticles were a disaster and she gave me a great manicure that helped heal my poor hands and had some very sage advice to keep them healthy.  Really great experience, highly recommended!
5 I needed a last minute appointment to have my hair washed and styled for my mans bday dinner this past weekend and I had the pleasure of having Brandon as my stylist. He was soo nice and easy to get along with. He knew exactly what I wanted and even asked to see what my dress looked like to match the hairstyle. I would highly recommend him. See you next time I'm back in Vegas
5 I recently had my wedding party at Cosmopolitan, and I booked Brandon for a Bohemian updo. He was ahhmazing. Such a sweet guy, quiet, and modest. A very talented artist. I  highly recommend.
2 This review only describes my experience with the 'nail' part of this salon...  The salon is nice and front desk staff polite. However I have a few issues with the services...   I was a guest staying at the Cosmo for my wedding. I had booked an appointment for a mani/pedi over the phone a month prior, to which they didn't discuss any prices until they took my credit card details to secure it and only because I asked. I was informed it would come to a total of $140 (they didnt mention tax or gratuity).   When I arrived, they told me they would take an imprint of my credit card, including 20% gratuity, but wouldn't charge my card, and would only charge it after the mani/pedi and that I could reduce the gratuity if I felt the need.  The woman who greeted me to do my mani/pedi was friendly enough, but made me feel rushed when I was selecting my colour. I was being slightly picky, as I wanted the colour to match my bouquet for my wedding the next day, however it was my wedding, plus I was paying $140, so I should be allowed to take a little time to ask for advice on polish shouldn't I?  The mani/pedi itself was fine, relaxing enough and the spa products were divine. I was happy with those, the scrub was fantastic!  When it came to painting my nails, I felt the woman rushed the job, the second coat of colour was a lot thicker than the first and didnt cover the whole nail, so it ended up uneven and amateurish. I was really disappointed, so when it came time to settle my bill, I changed the gratuity to 15%, then was told, 'oh someone has already charged your card and taken the 20%, I'll have to reverse it'. I DID NOT authorise that charge. Businesses can't just charge your card for the whole amount of something without you knowing, that's just not right!  What's worse is when I got back to my room, I checked the Spa menu to see what other services they offered and found that they had just given me the most expensive mani/pedi treatment without offering any alternatives when I booked over the phone from Australia. Instead of telling me what kinds of services they offered, they went ahead and booked the most expensive one, resulting in me paying $180 for a mediocre mani/pedi, that I was really disappointed with for my wedding and that began chipping three days later!   Would not recommend!
