4 The Karaoke is here is fun, they have tons of songs its a Filipino owned business as are the staffed and most of the guests. They serve some great Filipino food here too, I love the Crispy Pata. Full Bar with a kitchen, Nice Staff, there very welcoming to non Filipinos and I have never seen any drama here like fights etc. I recommend this place to my friends who I know like to Karaoke.
3 Cheap Beer and the give complimentary peanuts at the bar!   Went to check out the place while I was on my way to get my parked car and noticed the sign that said "karaoke" and I just couldn't resist it.  I walked in and the place was nice and dark inside. It has a lounge area off to the left side of the building where you can have parties or what not for big groups of people. The ambience is nice. They have a nice variety of alcohol, considering its a filipino bar (usually they don't have much).    They have filipino songs, but I didn't really go there for that. It's your typical karaoke joint. You tell the DJ what song you want to sing, he can look it up for you. The binder doesn't have nearly what they have on their computer and wastes paper. So just ask him and he will gladly look for it for you.   Definitely will come back in the future, with friends...   The only negative, is that, they had a couple odd singers in there.. which made it funny at first, then got annoying quick. And if you're a karaoke whore like me, this is not one of those places where you can feel like you sound good, because you will barely be able to hear yourself sing.
1 Kapuso has always offered decent food and a nice selection of karaoke songs. However, it basically stops there. Service is lousy, the staff is indifferent to customer needs and is poorly trained. Additionally, the restrooms are dirty and the prices for cocktails are through the roof. A "tea" with a basic 25-cent mix and water is $4.00 as a prime example and mixed drinks are in the $7.00 range as a minimum. The atmosphere and service does not warrant this type of pricing. The bottom line? Management is lousy and the staff, service and the atmosphere are a direct reflection of this. Stay away and find somewhere else!!!
1 food here is ok. I recommend chicken wing. however,  didn't have a good experience singing here.  if you are first time here don't  expect to sing as many song as their regular customer   the DJ seemed nice and friendly at first.  there's only 3 to 4 tables there but we waited a long time and only get to sing one song since we had to leave soon and had been waiting for another 30 minutes so I asked my mom to tip the DJ and see if she can play another song for us before we leave but seem like she thinks that we are not tipping her enough so she had a look in her eye.  and made us wait even longer for the 2nd song.  she even play some dance songs when no one there is dancing to make us wait longer.
4 Yelp 365 Challenge #152/365 (Las Vegas Adventures in July)    This was my tip as I checked in: DJ Angel has a voice...make sure you know how to sing too...  It's true, you better know how to sing because this DJ can SING. However, call me bias but my niece who sang the last night we were in Vegas rivaled the DJ's voice.   Anyhoo! My husband and I don't do karaoke not because we do not drink but because we just never did care for karaoke. However, our family has some talented singers and musicians. And this is what the older crowd chose to do while the younger crowd decided to take on the rides at New York New York.  This place is a filipino owned business (hence, the filipino name). Around this area is what I would call asian city because right across the street there are various asian eats (thailand, japanese, korean) with Kapuso beckoning across the street for anyone to sing after eating.   I almost missed Kapuso and was about to whip my rental car around the parking lots but my husband pointed out that it was across the street.  I gritted my teeth, smiled nicely and drove into the little parking lot. As I stepped out of the car, the sign blared up brightly at us. My first thought was "Ugh...a karaoke BAR" but hey...last night with the family that we may not see again for awhile, so we stepped in.   Your typical karaoke bar with a dance floor *eyebrow raised*. Our nieces and nephews waved at us from the back. All I could think of is "I'm hungry..is it just filipino pupus?"   Our waiter didn't come right away to where my husband had to grab menus.   I was not in the mood to eat filipino food but I chose their shanghai lumpia when I was actually craving for...pulehu steak, fries, soybeans, and chicken! But, I settled for the shanghai lumpia because you can't go wrong with that appetizer.  As we listened to everyone sing, we found out that next door was for dancing. As we sat there and was wowed by our nieces and nephews, I noticed that they have a great list of  songs from different genres (filipino to contemporary pop, rock or R&B). Another thing I noticed is that the DJ would deliberately place herself on the lineup list for individuals who were singing.   IMHO...if there are alot of people coming here to sing, can Kapuso minimize the amount of times that the DJ sings? Yes, granted she is talented but I don't know. It started to seem like she was showboating especially after I noticed she would deliberately sing after anyone who sang really well just to try and "one up" on them. I kept thinking that hopefully someone will nominate her to be on "The Voice"  Anyhow, overall experience was okay. The family time spent there is what upped my rating to four stars.  If you like dimly lit karaoke bars, this is a place for you.  If you want to listen to everyone including the DJ sing, this is the place for you  If you are craving filipino food and want to sing Dahil Say Yo afterwards? This place is for you  If you want to dance the favorite filipino party dances (macarena, ocho ocho, electric slide), then yes, this place is for you!
1 Rina C. above sums it up quite well. The service staff is indifferent to patron needs; the place has a dirty feel to it; the food quality has gone downhill over the past few months; the security staff is non-existent; they have driven away their high-end clientele; their prices are exremely high and cannot be justified considering nobody there knows how to make a proper cocktail or mixed drink; their waitresses are phony gold-diggers; the owner is in direct violation of local ordinance and and safety / diligence laws; they only cater to their own race and ignore those who actually have money to spend; should I continue? Avoid this playground / Wal-Mart atmosphere at all costs.
3 Came here for a Monday night with friends.  The food is very good, we split a pork noodle plate and some type of egg rolls as a table.  It was light enough for an after dinner snack, but filling at the same time that we didn't over-eat.  The place wasn't crowded so we were able to get up and sing several times throughout the evening.  The song book had a lot of mis-translated American titles with incomplete artist information, however I know they aren't necessarily catering to an American crowd so I understand!  This was a fun change from our normal hangout spot and I'd come back with a large group.
1 Recently returned to this establishment an it is worse than ever. The service remains a joke, the products offered ($3 cokes and $3 waters) is insane considering the area of town as well as the environment. There used to be a much better clientele at this establishment that actually spent money and gave the place a touch of class. The food servers are poorly trained and have no sense of urgency or passion for service. It is simply a karaoke room with some Christmas lights that are never taken down. I must agree with Sharon Lee that it is a smaller version of Cafe Moda which is hardly a compliment. This could go on and on - - -
2 I had the kare-kare, which was delicious, but was charged extra for rice, and the tip was added to the bill.  And I was eating by myself!  I did not feel like arguing about the added tip, but decided to warn all others about their practice.
2 Went here at night and the food was okay. Service was on and off since it looked like they wanted to have fun instead of servicing their customers. The singing ruined my appetite since it was mostly the employee singing the whole time. The setting for the place did not really fit the theme since it had laser lights, top 40s music, some paintings that look like were bought from a swapmeet and unorganized seating areas. The price for food was way overpriced! I knew we should have went across the street and gotten something better at a reasonable price..
1 DO NOT COME HERE. CAFE MODA IS UP THE STREET.  -FOOD WAS WAAYY OVERPRICED AND POORLY MADE. I ordered the chicken wings and is was basically bone and skin. Pancit was dry hardly any meat just noodles and veggies. Portions are small for the price.   -THE DJ HAHAHA. tipping is something that shouldn't be expected. especially to a DJ that sits on his ass drinking sodas all night and smoking cigarettes outside. and if you don't tip him you don't sing. the employees sing most of the night which is weird...um....shouldn't you be working?  -THE PLACE ITSELF...SHAKE MY HEAD...I stepped into the the twilight zone. its Christmas, a zoo, a Circus all in one when you step in. Christmas lights all over trying to make it look nice? Awkward paintings on the walls of clowns and fairies...like WTF am I looking at?  -HEALTH DEPARTMENT PLEASE VISIT. no disposable seat covers so as a women I was forced to stand up squat and pee. lol.
4 I have come here a few times to watch my friends sing karaoke. It's a great plate ole bar.
1 Shitty service. They'll only serve you if you buy a lot of drinks and food. They only gave my friend good service because hes a regular. This place is a joke. If I had a choice, I'd give this place NO STARS!!
1 I just think it's a load of crap that someone can enter into the karaoke competition STILL,  after 4 rounds? If they were still looking for more candidates, then they shouldn't have made the other rounds mandatory for those who were already in. I think it's crap that there were 6 more rounds which meant a total of 10, but when I asked before I entered, I was told that there was only going to be 3 or 4. I also thought it was odd that on Saturday (competition nights were Wednesday) I texted "Kuya Ray" & asked if I made it to the next round, & was replied with a "yes," then the very next day, I text "Kuya Ray" another question regarding the karaoke contest,  but this time he had no idea who I was? I would have continued if it all wasn't so shady, fishy, & suspicious. Also, the 1st time I sang,  our tab had drinks that weren't ours. Only reason I came back was because of the karaoke comp. But now I realize it's just that whole bar. Your customer service sucks. A thousand thumbs down.
1 Walked in here on a Monday/Tuesday late night/early morning. This place had no customers what so ever. Walked in here and was given a dirty look no smile or gracious greeting. I expected a private room for my party, but the set up in here is a little different compared to the other karaoke places around town. It's very open with a stage, anyone was able to go up and sing their little heart out. Good thing no one was in there!!! We took a seat and ordered drinks, the only best part was the $5 drinks. Service lacked, the karaoke list was confusing, I had a reason the songs were playing were found on YouTube.  Towards the end of our experience here was unfortunately, no bueno. Ordered a simple fried rice and it tasted very bland, the server tried charged us a drink my friend never got. We simply tried explaining to her what had happened, but she wasn't communicating with us very well. We decided to call it a night and just leave. I doubt we will be coming back.
