4 $3.99 any time skillet is a great value, and was surprisingly tasty :)
3 My wife and I weren't feeling like going to our usual breakfast places so we cruised over to Sunset Station and decided to throw some money away at a casino cafe breakfast.  I was pleasantly suprised.  This place was cheap.  I got Chicken Fried Steak for $7.99.  Not bad either and it came out on a pizza platter.  I'm a strong believer that if food comes out on a platter it's pretty much a win-win right away.  The service was 'Blah' but for what I was expecting, the food was great.  And they have a pretty solid list of pies which is a plus.
4 A little hard to find because they moved it. But DAMN is it nicer than ever. Great Service. Friendly knowledgeable servers. And the food is still tasty and the presentation is Awesome. No complaints because we were seated quickly. Our drinks came quickly and the server took our order quickly.
2 Fried Chicken and Mashed Potatoes 9.49 Served with fresh vegetables and COUNTRY GRAVY...  Ok this is what I ordered, pretty simple order huh.  OH we also ordered a salad at extra cost and to me is was not worth it. I am not a fan of wilted greens mixed in with a few fresh leaves.  Our salads took a little too long to get to us and of course the entree arrived about two minutes later. Look I know this is a casino coffee shop but even they should teach one how to pace ones self in serving.  Now back to the chicken plate. I got two breasts and nothing more, I suspect a lot of folks would be thrilled with this but not me. I dislike breasts and only order fried chicken knowing you usually get some of the dark meat as well. The description says nothing about the offering and if it did I would have opted for something other. But it does say it comes with gravy and of course my potatoes came bare with no offering of gravy or butter. I had to ask for it and that burns my ass since the cook missed it the waitress should have noticed an incomplete plate. And god the veggies were so uninspired; just some stuff sitting on the plate and slightly warm. I know since I have made veggies to be served to the masses and actually made them desirable, it can be done.  This meal truly bugged me, where is my bug spray.  This place is located in the Sunset Station hotel and casino of which I like and we stay here often while driving between Reno and Phoenix.
5 I actually ate first in July following a surgery. Then after a couple of more surgeries in August. These folks accommodated my dietary restrictions and were so welcoming and friendly.  Of course DOC was the Keno Runner. Great guy!   Then this Christmas we stayed again and were treated like the Royalty we have always pretended to be. The Suis Chef, Jennifer, came and visited us, Paige Elizabeth (also our granddaughter's name) waited on us on the morning, and Daune waited on us in the very, very early morning. These folks are wonderful ambassadors for the Grand Cafe. Oh! Don't forget Freddy, who supported these others like a great director of the theatre.  I'll will be back many times. In fact, today!  The food is good cafe faire, the service is great, the atmosphere welcoming.
3 We've been coming here for years, from when this was the Sunset Cafe through the Coco's debacle, and now to the Grand Cafe. I will say it is hit and miss. The late morning weekday seems to be the most consistent in terms of food and service. Our experiences have generally been terrible later in the day, even when they are not crowded. The service later in the day seems very inefficient and managers on the floor don't seem to know what to do in terms of expediting food, or seeing to seated guests, etc. However, the food at the newer Grand Cafe has been quite good. The waffles are very tasty. I usually have a Reuben sandwich made with sauteed mushrooms in place of the meat and they are very accommodating about that.
4 My husband and I have eaten here several times.  The food is very good and the service is always great. We actually live much closer to Green Valley Station but can't justify the higher price of their food. For those who don't want to trek through a smoky casino to eat the restaurant is better situated to parking at Sunset.
4 Restaurant was busy. Service was very good today. They served me the chocolate donut poppers hot.  I love to eat desert first and you should try it. Mmmm it's good, Ordered sliders and they were packed with meat and cheese plus fries were hot and fresh.  Check came right away and was a perfect business lunch.
3 It's getting harder to find awesome deals for meals in Vegas.  Gone are the days you can get buffets for $5 or prime rib dinners for $7.99.  Oh Sahara, how I miss you!    Visiting family in Henderson, we headed over to Sunset Station for some dinner. They had prime rib dinner for $9.99, so I had to get it.  For a Saturday night, it was packed and we had to wait 15 minutes for a table.    My prime rib dinner was good, but I should've ordered it medium rare, because medium well wasn't as tasty.    Service was good and food was decent.  I just wished the prime rib dinner was little bit cheaper and then I would've given them a higher rating.  Their t-bone steak dinner special was $12.99, which I thought was a bit high for Vegas.    Grand Cafe is way better than Denny's, so for a local 24 hour spot, I'd come back to eat.
4 I was working out late last night at the gym with some friends, and we decided to cruise over here for the late night (midnight-6am) specials. Not that you'd expect much service late at night, but the hostess was awful. She was slow to greet us when we arrived at the entrance, she was slow to get us seated, and she didn't seem to remember the number of people in our group.  The waitress was a different story. I believe her name was Daune (as in Dawn), and she had a great sense of humor. The food was also solid. For $1.99, the short stack that my friends got had pretty large pancakes. I tried half a pancake with butter and it was surprisingly good. I went for the $6.99 8 oz. steak and eggs, which comes with hash browns (the kinda shredded style, not the McDonald's style), toast, and marmalade (glorified jam/jelly). It was also pretty decent and filling.  Other specials are $1.99 egg skillet (which is basically what I had except no steak... hmm, was that really worth $4 more?), $1.99 biscuits and gravy (not sure how it looks), $2.99 burger and fries, and $4.99 chicken fried steak and eggs. I might try the latter next time because I'm kinda a sucker for that dish.
4 My wife and I had breakfast here on 5/5/2012. They put a twist on the usual breakfast items. Food was good and service was great. I would definitely eat here again. If I could do 3 1/2 stars that's what I would have given this place.
1 This is great cafe when nobodys in, when busy. The under staff can't handle the load. Thats where the Guest Service gets tossed out the window with the Lazy Management.   Had to send Glass of Water back 3 times and still had crapp floating in it. If the water glass never get washed, what else is being missed.
2 Dinner was pretty bad. Add slow service and it worsened the experience. Breakfast was much better. Stay away from the day old 1/2 frozen baked goods.
3 Meat done wrong, cold food, slow service, very busy tho
3 I remember the service being slow late at night, but it shouldn't have taken over half an hour for them to get the food out at peak lunch hour. It wasn't anywhere near busy.  I'm also pretty sure that the waitress upsold us on some side salad / soup while neglecting to mention the additional cost. Definitely a bit shady. My caesar salad was, unfortunately, more than a little too salty, and it also took too long to come out (probably around 15 minutes) so it just wasn't worth it. The chicken fried steak was pretty good, but it was not as tender as I've had it in the past. Also, my friend noted to us that he had not ordered his burger anywhere near well-done, and look how gray the meat was... sigh.  I'm not going all the way down to 2 stars because we were able to use buy-one-get-one-free entree offers via Yelp check-in, and because I still think it's a decent value (if you don't mind the wait) for the late night specials (see original review).
2 I'm being nice by giving the place 2 stars. First of all 2 stars because on previous occasions, we have received EXCELLENT customer service and great food. If I could give this place negative stars for my experience tonight, I would have. Hubby and I have come here a handful of time because it's so close to our house. Normally, we get the burger deal (get a big burger and fries for $5.99). Appetizers are really cheap and there's a chocolate cake here that's pretty tasty too.   We sat down right before 7pm. About 5 minutes later our drink order was taken (we just got waters). Water was delivered by the bus person. 5 minutes later, we ordered chicken fingers, the Frisco Burger and the Classic Burger. Never once was the waitress nice. Felt like I was Ed Debevic's for a minute (for all of you who know what that is) except this waitress wasn't acting. Hubby goes to the sports book to score free beer. I get a text from him at 7:15pm telling me he's watching the game and will be right back. He comes back at 7:30pm. By this time, the waitress refills my water acting like it's such an inconvenience to do so. Appetizer arrives soon after. We eat our chicken fingers and wait. It's now 7:40 and he says, "I'm gonna use the bathroom and get another beer. Our food better be here when I get back." He leaves; I break out my Reader's Digest. Waitress walks by saying, "Your food is coming up." No apologies or explanations. Practically a "drive-by."  All this time EVERYONE ELSE WHO HAS BEEN SEATED AFTER US HAS THEIR FOOD ALREADY.   7:55pm, food comes out. She sets in on the table and says nothing. Normally I say, "Thank you." I chose to not even waste my breath. 7:57pm, Chris comes back. I eat half of my sandwich before I decide that I've lost my appetite. By 8:05pm, I tell him to ask for a box - - didn't want to waste anymore time. I go to the bathroom and tell him if she comes by, he can order the cake. I come back by 8:10pm and he says, "Guess she's having a bad day and we aren't worth her time." I ask, "What happened?" He replied, "She walked by the table and I said, 'Excuse me...' and she said she's be back with another water (not even what we were wanting. He then ordered the chocolate cake and she impatiently said, "You want it to go?" Hubby said, "No, we're eating it here." Cake comes out 5 minutes later; we eat what looks like HALF of their normal slice and waited for the check. She came back and we paid it and left.   NO TIP. TIP = To Insure Promptness. Not gonna tip for crappy service. I don't care if it was the kitchen's fault. I don't care if they were busy. I don't care they had to slaughter the cow in the back and bake the bread from scratch and pick the vegetables from the garden  - tips are to reward good work, not crappy, half-ass work. If it was the kitchen's fault, then TELL ME. If you're a friggin' prejudiced pig who doesn't like to serve PEOPLE OF COLOR, then tell me. If you're having your period, then taken MIDOL and deal with it and do your job correctly!!!  My hubby was in the food service industry for 7 years and we have NEVER NOT left a tip. Tonight was the first night. He said, "Even when I have a bad day I would never treat a customer like that." I've been in the service industry for over 15 years and if I every treated a customer like that, I would have been written up and severely punished for bad service.   Sunset Station, your commercial is false advertising - if you love locals, then your waitress Marlene sure doesn't. You've lost my business for now and I'll be sure to tell everyone else I come across - check your staff. If she doesn't want her job, hire someone else.   By the way, the manager on duty conveniently checked up on everybody's meal except for me. Maybe she knew they screwed up in the kitchen and was too embarrassed to admit they they were busy and their staff isn't trained to handle a crowd.   I won't be back.
2 I just wasn't a fan.  $30 for breakfast for two adults and one toddler is a little crazy to me.  I asked for a kids menu and the waitress told me they didn't have one for the kiddos to draw on but that they did have kid items. She then recited to me what they had available. However, I am a consumer that likes to make wise choices. I like to see what I am ordering, how much it is going to cost me, how many of what I am getting, etc. I think you get the point. Needless to say, I made a blind purchase so when the bill came and my son's pancakes cost more than the breakfast I purchased for myself, I was a little dumbfounded.  I ordered the breakfast off of the light fare and it only cost me $3.99. This alone was a steal for toast, eggs, bacon and hash browns.   But my one cup of coffee cost me almost $3.00, go figure.  So wherever I got a deal at, I got robbed on something else.   My son's pancakes were $6.00 for 3 pancakes. I just don't get it.   The food was decent I should say. I don't know I expected better prices, I guess. And I didn't like the booster chairs in the booth. When I asked for a high chair they told me they couldn't put a highchair at the booths.   Yes, the food was decent. But it wasn't a family friendly place and to me that is very important. And really, $6.00 for 3 kid pancakes just rubs me the wrong way.
3 When we first moved here I thought we were going to be coming here A LOT.  They have a ton of choices on the menu for each meal, you can get anything at any time of day, and they seemed to have great deals.   We initially tried this place out for breakfast, assuming that it was going to be good homestyle food for a pretty good deal.  We were wrong.  The food was OK but the prices were just not reasonable for what this place is - a "diner".  It seems the good deals are only overnight and early in the morning and neither of us are early enough risers on our days off to partake.    We also thought this was a little too smokey... I know we're in a casino but I hoped there would be some separation.  The restaurant is really open to the casino right outside of it and it was just a little too much smoke in the morning...   There are so many places to grab food in Henderson that we decided it just wasn't worth it to come here.  I still like the location and the choices but, unless I'm already in the casino, I probably won't make it back too often.
4 I have been here multiple times for breakfast and so far, I am not disappointed.  We had the breakfast special, coffee, two orange juices and a bowl of oatmeal for only 24 dollars, the drinks can be pricey, but that isn't any different from any other restaurant you visit, since the return on profit for drinks is very high.  The food and service in my opinion was great, friendly staff and fast service.  We visited mid morning on a weekday, so it was not too busy, I'm sure during the weekend, the service may vary.  Our food was served in about 10-15 minutes, the one bowl of oatmeal was huge, I had to share it.  They do have breakfast, lunch and dinner specials so pay attention to the menu when you browse through it, the specials will save you some money if you are on a budget.  Or ask your server what the specials are.  You also have the option of sitting at a booth, a table or at the lunch counter, for this visit we sat at the counter, there is also one large flat panel TV in case you want to catch the scores or watch the news while you eat at the counter.  You can easily see the entire seating area to determine how busy the restaurant is.  There is also a Starbucks located right outside the entryway to the Cafe, in case you want another coffee to go.  I will definitely visit this cafe again during my next trip to Vegas or Henderson.
5 We went for breakfast on a Sunday morning about 9am. We only had to wait a couple of minutes to be seated for a party of 7. The food was really cheap, but the coffee was as much as a soda. $2.25  I got their light breakfast which consisted of 2 eggs, 2 bacon, hash browns and 2 slices of toast for only $3.99! Our waitress was very fast and nice. Plus you are able to use your boarding pass points towards your bill.
4 They have some great late night specials, two eggs, toast, potatoes for $1.99. what a deal. service has always been good even when they are busy and unlike gvr, they are open every night. food is good quality and tasty. and remember just because you are only paying $2 for meal, be generous to your server if they do a good job and take care of you.
5 We stayed over in Henderson for one night. As soon as we checked in the Hampton Inn, noticed the Sunset Palace next door (didn't stay there because I know about there "extra" fees). We went to the Grand Cafe for dinner and then the next morning had breakfast there before leaving town. We had wonderful service and enjoyed our waitresses. The food was very good. Had to help my husband eat his enormous stack of tasty pancakes. Will eat here again when in town.
2 Well, in typical diner fashion, service was slow--had to ask another waitress who are server was--There is not really a sense of urgency amongst any of the staff.  Two tables next to me had food sent back and talked with manager.   Food was typical breakfast diner food, slight step up from a Denny's.   Go into it with no expectations of excellence and you'll be ok.
1 Service very slow. Food was gross ( blood dripping from beef sliders). Never saw waitress one time after food was dropped. When I asked for it to be removed from the bill she got very angry so I asked that the manager handle my table she got even more angry. So no food for me as it took so long to even get someone to see how bad food was. Oh well will not ever go back.
4 Grand Cafe made for a very nice place to wait for a movie at Sunset Station. Service is pleasant and efficient, and the portion sizes are a little more than expected without being excessive. The shrimp cocktail may seem pricey until they set it down on the table and you see they packed it with shrimp. Want a steak? I didn't need a steak knife, I only needed my fork as it was cooked exactly the way I requested it. Their menu offers something for everyone so if you're with a group of people who can't make up their mind on what they want, Grand Cafe can help with that.   Overall I was very pleased with Grand Cafe and will be going back again.
4 Went in with a $10 credit coupon, and found it very very good.  Had the Vegas Shrimp cocktail (larger bay shrimp) and the Prime Rib Eggs Benedict... OMG it was great!  Was in at 3pm, so the service was great!  I had an apple fritter on the way out and it was fine.   I would go again, but the $10 coupon did inspire the visit.
3 Station Casinos have captured my heart with their 24-hour cafes.  In this case, the Grand Cafe.   Breakfast for dinner?   Late-night munchies?   Just come here.  I've never left here disappointed.  I'll always order the egg white scramble, and it's just so good and healthy.  Egg whites scrambled with spinach, mushrooms, and tomatoes, complete with a side of buttered toast and--get this--GRAPE JELLY (upon request).  You sold me.  You had me at grape.   Service has always been good, sometimes great, though nothing to write home about.  Good value.  I will keep coming back.
3 The Grand Cafe has your typical diner food. It's not world class, but if your looking for something cheap, tasty and consistent this is the place.  They have a wide range of items from breakfast, salad's, sandwiches and even dinner entrees. Everything is pretty much under $10 per person which is nice and they are open 24 hours. The service can be a bit slow. So if you are in a hurry you might want to rethink stopping here.   The thing that I like best when going here for breakfast are the huevos rancheros. They are excellent!! The tortillas are crisp and the eggs are perfectly runny.   I've most often been to the Cafe for lunch with my Dad. I switch around what I get so here is a little run down of what I've liked. I used to love, love, love the Cobb Salad, but they have changed it. Instead of leaving me to add the dressing they all of a sudden started mixing to together. This made the salad very wet and leaky! On the other hand it did taste good and was huge! I most recently got the Turkey club (no bacon) add avocado. If you want cheese you have to ask for it on this sandwich. It's a classic club sandwich and the rye bread is a bit bland. My Dad always gets their shrimp cocktail. For $4.99 it's a great deal. Packed to the brim with yummy shrimp!   If you need a place that will satisfy everyone in your group at a reasonable price I'd give the Grand Cafe a go! Just make sure you have enough time because you will have to wait. Wait to be seated and wait to get your food.
4 A little disappointed that their price for prime rib went up, but hey, it's still only 12 bucks! And worth every bite. Tender, juicy, and I never can eat all of it, so makes great leftovers.
3 We come here either when we have guests staying in town or when we're up real late and want breakfast. This past visit it was for both reasons.  Kind of a bummer that their menu changed a bit. Pretty sure the selections for late night have been pared down. The Rocky Road Pancakes are 86'd.(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-caf%C3%A9-henderson-3?filter_by_userid=True&select=bVJqy_XA7GaRocePyarYZQ&userid=2EuPAGalYnP7eSxPgFCNDg#nuOLtM-BZGT6GMW-Z99RXg) That's a bummer! Oh well, not like I need to eat that anyways. They also raised the prices. It's still reasonable, but I talked it up with my out of town guests as this place had great deals. Not so much anymore.  For what it's worth, the chicken fried steak that came with a biscuit and both smothered in country gravy with eggs and hash browns was not too bad and a good deal for $8.50 . The Hot Fudge Brownie Sundae with lots of whip cream did not disappoint either. My niece gave it a thumbs up. Both orders were good sized portions.    It was busier than I expected for a week night but service was pretty good. Our server was courteous and attentive enough. The host was really friendly.  Our orders came out in a timely matter. We all enjoyed our late night eats here.
3 My family recently wanted to have breakfast while we were out near Sunset Station, so we decided to give the Grand Cafe inside the casino hotel a try. The food was very good. I had the waffle special, my wife the chicken fried steak, and my children the pancakes. We all enjoyed our food, the only blow was the cost in the end, with tip breakfast was $40. That is a little much for breakfast for me. No matter how good it is. We probably won't be back for this reason, but if you are in the mood for a good breakfast and don't mind the price tag, then this is a great place to eat.
3 we arrived at sunset station about an hour early to grab a quick lunch before our movie. We were going to go to cabo but found out that they open at 5pm. so instead of heading to the buffet we decided to try grand cafe.  Being in a hurry after we were seated we scanned the menu quickly...my fiance ordered a prime rib dip sandwich which he loved!! came with fries and a little side of coleslaw I ordered an applewood bacon burger with cheddar cheese also came with fries and coleslaw. Both were very good only gave 3 stars because my fries were alittle stale tasting and the cafe had a cafeteria feel to  it.  we would go back for something quick.
1 I don't know how this place received 3 stars!  It is absolutely terrible!  I ordered the chicken fried steak dinner at out servers suggestion.....and it was disgusting!  I couldn't even cut it with a steak knife!  I am not kidding!  I don't know what kind of so called "meat" it was....but it was clearly not edible!  My husband ordered a plain burger...which the server also suggested....and the bun was as hard as a hockey puck!  You couldn't even touch the plate it was on because it was so hot!  Obviously been sitting under heat lamp in kitchen for a long time!  I sent my chicken fried steak back...and ordered the prime rib dip, thinking it would be out quickly and how could they screw up putting some meat on a roll.  The server finally brings it to me and it is like something I've never seen before!  It had cold cheese all over it loaded with onions in/on it!!!  The so called prime rib was grayish brown in color and looked like it was made a week ago!  So again I called the server to the table....and asked her what this was supposed to be....she said.."this is how we make them here!"  And then she said "Oh by the way....we've had a lot of complaints about the chicken fried steak....so there must be a problem with the vendor."  I said..."it looks to me like there's more problems with this place than your vendor!"  This $10.29 prime rib dip was a disgusting joke!  I seriously wouldn't have given it to my dog!  The waitress said she tried to talk to the cooks....but had a very hard time communicating with them....due to their inability to speak English!!!!!!  She went on to say that she believed most of them were illegals!!!!  I was dumb-founded!!!!!   So I guess the moral to this story is....when you eat at an establishment that hires illegals....that can't speak ENGLISH....and that don't give a crap about what they are preparing.....you end up with disgusting slop!!!  And god knows what else you might end up with!!!!  This place doesn't even deserve one star!!!  They deserve a visit from the Health Dept. and Immigration!!!!!!
4 A great station cafe, food is always good here. I've been coming here on and off for years now and every time I come back the menu is always the same. The prime rib above average, the cafe is a way better alternative to the buffet. Great way to spend your comp.
4 My wife and I come here all the time for a quick bite to eat. It's local and they always have monthly promotional coupons if you have a preferred casino card. The late night menu is a great deal and they serve breakfast 24 hours which is ALWAYS a plus! Great place to eat if you can't make up your mind.. They have plenty of options and it's not too pricey.
5 Great variety and always open. Great staple for all types of food. Perfect for groups of people who cannot decide what they want and is cheap.
4 Simple menu, but not good for vegans! I don't eat dairy, pork, or red meat so their weren't many options for me but I ordered spicy chicken wings and I loved them! The price was great and portion was large compared to most wing orders. My boyfriend loved the meatloaf. The service was prompt and nice. Open 24hrs is a plus!
4 As a local,l patronize the Sunset Station on regular occasion, but mostly to have brunch in the Grand Café which is consistently a reliable good quality of food and service. It is always well-staffed with attentive service people from the hostess to the servers and cashiers.
3 It's a favorite usually but watery grapefruit juice, guacamole which tastes downright wicked keep me from giving it another star this time! Jennifer was prompt and insightful to our needs! Special requests were perfectly attended to!  Personally partner and I Cannot stand coffee cups with one finger holes! It causes you to support the cup with other hand or burn middle finger to add support!  This is a cafe how about a nice solid three finger mug?
