5 Ok, so I'm officially a Groupon whore.   My friends and I saw the Groupon available for the Color Me Mine session and thought it would be a great outting for us girly and not so girly girls. We had lunch at Rachel's Kitchen before we headed over to Color Me Mine to rev our artistic engines.   The employees there are uber-friendly and helpful. From the moment we stepped inside they were very attentive and gave us a rundown on how everything worked and then let us on our way. I appreciated that they backed off a bit to give us our space and let us have fun chit chatting and laughing, all while still being at our beckon call and ready with clean dishes of water, paintbrushes and refills on our paints.  This location was much busier than I had anticipated, but everyone has their own space to create and enjoy themselves so you definitely don't feel crowded in the least.   They have an excellent variety of different ceramics to choose from to paint and although somewhat on the expensive side, I think they are well worth the price for a fun day of being artistic without having to clean up the mess myself after.   I'll definitely be planning another outting with my girls here some time soon.   Just to note, this is a fantastic place to plan kid's birthday parties as well as grown ups. They have plenty of room to spread out and it's a great environment to just take some time out of your day and paint.   I'll be back.
5 Just try to kick me out of here!  When this first opened, I dragged my future hubs to do crafts with me and he gave me 2 hours, painted a jet, and I painted a seder plate (they have seasonal holiday stuff!)  My seder plate came out great.  Fast forward a year, and my friend and I decided to paint today.  One particular staff member was soooo patient and helpful - Julie.  She rocks!  I decided today to do some actually techniques and not just paint lazily.  This is so therapeutic!  There are nights where you can bring in wine while you paint!  I decided on a large tile for $12 which I then portioned with thin masking tape into 4 tiles (like a mosaic).  Julie showed me some techniques to use, so I ended up doing one where I painted some colors, printed shapes and letters to trace from their computer, and transferred the images to paper-tape stuff that covered my colors.  Then I painted a dark grey over the letters so when I removed it, the letters are mixed colors with a grey background.  I also used a technique called something like scarpetto when I painted heavy coats of a color then used a scraping tool to scrape out my wedding date.  I cannot wait to see this in a few days when it is fired and glazed.    They have lots of weekly specials and when you go in, a coupon for a free studio fee for next time!
5 What an awesome place to take your kids! My six-year-old daughter loved it! She painted her own cereal bowl, and I painted my own small bowl. They said It would take five days to be ready,(because they have to fire and glaze the ceramic peice you pick out) but only took 3. They have certain days when you can get a discount on the studio fee which is normally 6$ for kids and 10$ for adults, 3$ on Thursdays of 3 or more people, and 50% off on pajama night. Such a fun place!  I can't wait to go back and paint a coffee mug! The staff was extremely helpful and friendly, and have lots a patience for first-timers like us!
2 Took my two year old here the other day and was charged $6 for her to paint and was also charged half the adult fee because "I helped her".  She's two.  This should have been discussed up front. My wife was going to bring our daughter back next week but we won't be coming back if this is how the business is run.  What a shame.
5 My daughter and I went here on a date recently and we had a great time.  Yes, expect to spend some money (pottery isn't cheap) but your pottery choices are greater here than some of the other pottery painting locations, the place is clean and well designed.  We had such a wonderful time and this is the pottery painting place we will go back to again.    The staff is friendly and helpful, yet they don't hang over you while you work.  Bottom line, great pottery choices, lots of colors and a great choice for a date with your kids - or friends, if you love to paint!  Now I just need to remember to pick it up ......
4 I have not been to a place like this since I was in college.  We were invited to a kids party here.  When we arrived, we were greeted by friendly staff who told us to look around the room and pick up a piece with a certain sticker in front of it.  My daughter choose a large plate so she could decorate it anyway she wanted to.  We then proceeded upstairs to the large party room.  They provided each girl with five colors.  The girls chatted (as only 5/6 year olds can) and painted.  When we were done, they had pizza, cake, ice cream, and games.    The staffer who was helping with the party was fun and engaging with the girls.  I had to tear my daughter out of there and promise we would return to paint Hello Kitty, which BTW is $25.
4 Staff is friendly ~ been here three times last year & i need to schedule again :)
3 Took my 15 year old niece and 7 year old daughter.  There was no worker to be found when we came into the store but there were painters.  Another customer went and got the work.  He wasn't very personable and really seemed like he didn't want to be there.  There was an employee who was painting free hand with talent which I believe it was her day off.  She was very approachable and answered questions for us.  We even asked her to take a picture which was really a big deal since I had not seen my niece in 2 years.  If it wasn't for her I would have been upset about the experience.  What I loved was they had the pottery ready earlier than expected so my niece was able to carry it on the airplane.  They need to give some classes to this man working there on customer service skills.
4 I came here on a grad school class trip. Great way to relax and have fun making a piece that I can enjoy at home.  The staff was very helpful,  and I'm glad to know I can bring some wine or beer next time me & my girlfriends go!
5 I came here for the first time and it was a fantastic experience!  I'm not artistic at all so I struggled a bit coming up with designs, but still had a lot of fun and the staff was super friendly and helpful.  I'll definitely be coming back, it's a fun hobby to do!
5 I came here for a birthday party and it was fabulous! A great place for kids and such a fun activity for a large group. The set up upstairs was private and perfect for a party. It was a gorgeous day outside and we were able to go out on the balcony as well. The employee hosting the paint session was pretty good with the kids and patient. The only down fall is having to come back to pick up your painted piece in about 10 days, but firing the pieces is a process so it's understandable. I would definitely go back just with my family or consider having a party there as well.
