3 Another froyo place pops up in Scottsdale!  The store is impeccably clean, and it's one of those where the employees have to swirl the samples for you. Yes, it keeps the machines relatively clean, but it would be a nightmare during busy hours.  Nonetheless, my personal sample-giver gladly doled out as many flavors as I wanted.   There are 16 flavors--all are very tasty!  Reeses, cake batter, banana, white chocolate macadamia nut, snickerdoodle, mango...Some of the most authentic flavors I've had from a froyo joint.  It's also nice to see the serving size and calorie count on each flavor's label.  There are lots of toppings: fresh fruit, cereals, candy, sauces, baked goods...  The one thing that knocked the rating down a couple stars was the melt factor; the yogurt wasn't really frozen and it was completely melted by the time we got it home. Plus, it took FOREVER to get it back to the consistency froyo should be.
3 Nice frozen yogurt place with 16 different flavors and 60 toppings. A good balance of fresh flavors (mango or raspberry sorbet, for example) and sticky sweet fare. The kids will like the sweet, sugary toppings (candies, cookies, sprinkles, etc) while adults will appreciate the fresh kiwi, strawberries, and pineapple. At $0.41 per ounce the cost escalates quickly- a gentleman in front of our party ended up with a $12 cup of yogurt.
4 At the rate this city is going with frozen yogurt shops, I'm going to wake up one morning to find a frozen yogurt delivery truck that just appears on my doorstep! But until that happens, I'll take the latest shop to hit the frozen streets; U-Swirl.   U-Swirl is next door to some of my favorite neighborhood shops including a restaurant, grocery store and nail salon so it's only fitting that they add a snack shop here too. This is your typical trendy frozen yogurt shop. It is self-serve and the staffer will fill up as many sample cups as you like. I tried Snickerdoodle, Cookies and Cream, Cake Batter and White Chocolate Macadamia. All were good, but I opted for the Cake Batter and Cookies and Cream combo -- both which are fat free. The frozen yogurt is creamy and filling. They have a nice selection of generic toppings and then some random additions. I threw on some waffle chips and yogurt ships to top off the frozen creation.   With each ounce only containing 30 calories, it's a nice dessert option. Pricing wise, it's not the cheapest yogurt in town - $.41 an ounce, but if you fill your cup wisely you'll be ok. Just don't actually fill your cup to the brim. Not only will this healthy dessert option turn fatty very fast, but your pocket book will also suffer.   So in summary, they have a wide variety of flavors - both tart and sweet, the store is clean, the staff is friendly and the frozen yogurt is good.
2 I hope I'm not being too harsh. I really wanted to like this place, but the bar has been set pretty high.  I've been spoiled by places like Pinkberry, Red Mango, Golden Spoon and Yogurtland.   I popped in to U-Swirl a couple weekends ago, and we were the ONLY people in this establishment. Red Flag.  The store, however, was very clean, and nicely designed. I don't like the fact that I had to ask for samples, and I couldn't serve myself...again high expectations from other places. BUT, maybe that's why this place was so clean to begin with.  Lots of flavor options, but here is where everything went south. The consistency of the yogurt was super soft. By the time we got it home, it had turned into soup. Ok, that's an exaggeration. But come on.   I'm willing to give this place another shot because the employees seemed nice enough. The toppings bar was well-stocked and clean.  I liked the flavor selection. Mango. Snickerdoodle. White Chocolate Macadamia. The list goes on.
4 Flavor was good and it was very clean.  Only complaint is that it melted very fast, but if you eat it there (as I did twice), it's not a problem.
5 Finally went last night as I've seen U-Swirl a lot when coming out of Trader Joe's. So happy that I did because compared to the other yogurt shops I've gone to, I was really impressed with this one.   Everything was so clean and the colors inside are so bright and fun. They have some really awesome flavors like Georgia Peach, REESES (which I got!), Cappuccino, Pistachio, Cake Batter, Blueberry ACAI tart  (which I want to try next time!), pomigranite and some other non-sugar ones that are good for those really trying to stay healthy. They had soooooo many toppings it was so hard to choose. I ended up getting brownie bits, cheesecake bites and REESES hard shell!!!!  I didn't mind that they are a couple cents more than most places because I looked online and they use REAL yogurt unlike some other places that I've been to that use powder (SO GROSS). I could really tell the difference in flavor, much creamier.   I will definitely be back again. They let me know that they have lots of deals on their twitter and facebook too so I'm going to start following them for those.
4 I checked this place out over the weekend and I know, I know... Another yogurt place. But trust me, this place is wonderful! Even past the great pictures and clean store they had 20 different flavors and more toppings than I knew what to do with. I'll definitely be going back. It's my nephew's new favorite fro-yo place! The hardest part will be picking between cheesecake and red velvet cake! yumm!!
4 i just love the whole self-serve frozen yogurt concept. they are everywhere now so it's only a matter of time before the fad dies and we'll be left with only a few champions.   clean place with some interesting choices i haven't had before. i usually stick with the tart or berry flavored yogurts, but i explored my inner richness and went for caramel, reeses, cake batter, and pomegranate (you have to very carefully separate them so not to mix). topped it with more calorie goodness and i was pleased.   some of the fruit was a little mushy and watery looking but it's all going in my belly anyway. the service was nice and friendly, yet we had to ask for samples....which i can kind of understand (once at the fashion square self-serve yogurt shop, a group of kids came in, gorged on samples, then ran out).   so that said, i enjoyed it and would go back if we were in the neighborhood.
3 Have yet to grow tired of this concept. So many of these self-serve yogurt places are popping up but we keep trying them!  Is it weird to say I don't like their slogan though? "It's worth the weight". I get it, you weigh the yogurt....but when I'm eating dessert I don't want to be reminded of "weight" in any capacity thank you.  It was very clean and tidy. Plenty of seating although there were only two other customers in there.  Typical flavors from what we see around other places: chocolate, vanilla, coffee, strawberry,  mint cookie, cake batter, etc. The pomegranate was excellent, that was one I hadn't seen before. I tend to like to get my own samples, and here you have to ask for them. Not that it's a bad thing-it keeps the area clean and less hectic when you have many customers around....but I'm an adult...I'm clean...if I had my choice I'd like to get my own samples. I promise I won't make a mess.
5 For some reason these self serve frozen yogurt places have popped up all over the valley and they are all very similar. What I like about this place are the choices. I usually don't have any issues, I'm a mint chocolate chip man, and that's typically what I order. My girlfriend on the other hand likes to mix it up and try new flavors and toppings. This place has the largest selection of flavors and toppings of any of the self served frozen yogurt places we've been too. For those of you who are calorie conscience, as I am, they post the nutrition facts right buy the flavor so you know exactly what you're getting.
1 My boyfriend and I visited this place after dinner last night.  Wasn't really impressed... there was only one employee there it seemed like and she kept walking away from tending to customers to talk with her friends that were hanging out in there.  I don't tend to notice the dress/appearance of employees at most places but this girl was wearing skinny jeans and flats with her USwirl shirt... she was also wearing her hair down, which is very unsanitary because I know that she has to prepare the toppings and put yogurt in the machines. Seemed very unprofessional IMO.   Also for some weird reason, before I even handed the girl my money to pay for my yogurt, she said "thank you have a nice night", then took my money and then asked if I wanted the receipt. As soon as I said no, she turned and went into the back.  It was just a weird exchange and it felt like she was rushing me, which I really did not appreciate because they were going to be open another few hours.   As for the yogurt, it was okay.  None of the flavors were that appealing to me besides the coffee and regular vanilla and chocolate.  The toppings bar was good though to me it seemed like too much and they had some odd things that I would never even think to put on frozen yogurt.   I also noticed that nearly all of the machines seemed to be running low on the yogurt and that some of the flavors were very melty/soupy compared to others.  My bf and I shared a cup so we got 4 flavors.  The ones he picked melted almost immediately and made my flavors taste like his... so he ended up eating the majority of the soupy mess that it turned into.   So overall, not a very good experience for me.  Employee was extremely unprofessional and didn't seem to know what she was doing when it came to customer service.  And she is technically a food handler/preparer so she should NOT have been wearing her hair down. Should have been in a pony tail at least.   Even if they could promise me the yogurt would be better if I visited again, I would never visit this place again simply because of their unprofessional, unsanitary, and rude employees.
3 This cozy little store is located in the same shopping plaza as My Sister's Closet and Fogo de Chao. It's not easily visible from the street, but it's worth finding if you need to satiate your frozen yogurt craving.  The place is energizing with a cute color scheme and lots of seating both inside and out to socialize. U-Swirl features 16 non-fat different flavors, including dairy-free, sugar-free and gluten-free varieties along with the naughty stuff like Snickerdoodle and cake batter.  I opted for some sugar-free strawberry banana topped with kiwi fruit, though there are 60 toppings to choose from. The yogurt was so creamy, I would not have been able to tell it was sugar-free at all, and it was only around 100 calories per serving-a very healthy dessert choice!  Besides the yummy yogurt, I was impressed by some of the cool offers the store has, including buy-nine-get-one-free 16-ounce yogurts. I also received a keychain that is scanned at each visit for special giveaways.  U-Swirl of Arizona is very social media-savvy, with a great Twitter following and a nice Facebook page. If you like Mojo Yogurt, you'll also love U-Swirl-and you'd be lucky to see the dancing mascot some time, too.
3 So, I know its only yogurt and its not all that serious, but I feel like when you walk into an establishment there should be someone behind the counter greeting you.  I walked in last night around 8:30, well before their 10pm closing time and there were no employees around.  I almost thought they were closed and had forgotten to lock the door.  A woman came in shortly after me and wandered around looking for an employee too.  We were both wandering around the store for a good 5 minutes before a teenage boy sauntered from the back of the store.  No hello or anything, just kind of grunted when I asked for sample cups.  Their prices are average for local yogurt shops, around .39/oz.  I don't like to feel like I am bothering people by giving them my money so I will most likely not return.
3 I don't know how many frozen yogurt shops we need, but apparently it's somewhere around 37 in Scottsdale alone.  This one falls in the middle for me.  The key lime yogurt was excellent, but the employees not so much.  If I'm going to have to ask for sample cups (why?), it would be nice to not have to interrupt the employees' private conversation when I approach.  I would maybe return, but I'm pretty much over frozen yogurt, without going out of my way.
5 Yummy! I love frozen yogurt, and this place always has my two favorite flavors- Cake batter, and caramel! Mix the two together, and you have perfection in my opinion. :) I love that they do stamp cards, and certain days are double stamps, so they fill up in no time! Free yogurt is even better. The employees are always super nice and they always have tons of sample cups waiting for you to try anything you want. They have plenty of toppings too. Great place.
5 Very clean, attentive employees, great selection,
3 Good selection of flavors, good selection of toppings.....and a good location for treating yourself after perusing My Sister's Closet.  Nothing stands out - either positively or negatively....so there ya go.
2 Skip this place unless you're desperate.  Watery fro-yo and all the flavors are too sweet.  The hot fudge is in a room temperature squirt bottle and the toppings are nothing creative.
2 Until my visit to U-Swirl, I believed there was no such thing as bad froyo. Now I have achieved enlightenment through the path of suffering.  The New York Cheesecake froyo was a translucent mess of ice crystals. The Dulce de Leche had a more convincing texture, but neither had any real flavor. The staff did not make eye contact, possibly from shame.  On the positive side, there is outdoor seating, and it is possible to cadge wifi from the adjoining bagel place.  Unless you're stranded here because your ride won't finish up at My Sister's Closet, go down the block to Yogurtology.
1 I want to start this review by saying that I am a self-diagnosed froyo addict. So I was secretly bubbling with excitement when my friends suggested we stop for some on our way home from dinner on Sunday night.  Welp, that excitement was short-lived.  I surveyed the list of flavors U-Swirl had posted on their wall, then glanced at the available flavors posted above the soft-serve handles. Weird, a lot of them didn't match.   I asked the kid working there what was up.  His reply: We are out of those ...which was about four flavors.. and ironically all of which I would have chosen over what was available.  So fine, I settled for regular vanilla. So did my boyfriend.  And, of course I didn't get that either because it ran out while he was using it.   Flavor outage: count is at five at this point.  With dissappointment settling in, my heart remained hopeful. I went for the sugar-free vanilla. It tasted like crap with a grainy texture.  Sure, maybe it was due to the fact that it was sugar-free, but if it doesn't even taste good, why serve it?  U-Swirl Scottsdale-- get your act together!  [Side Note: In (somewhat of a) defense of U-Swirl, I used to live in Tuscon, and the U-Swirl location there was awesome! ]
