4 Excellent German Breads made in house. Pastries are hit and miss. Prices are very reasonable so you can buy a few and see what you like. Their Lemon Rolls are a Hit; the Pretzel breads are doughy and lack crunch.  This Bakery has great potential - several sweet items also have a doughy texture problem that needs to be fixed.
5 If this is what bread is like in Germany, I want to live there. Sigh. Don't be fooled by the name, the shop also sells yummy pastries and pretzels. I tried the raisin snail and was blown away by the deliciously light pastry. From the outside it looked like it was going to be a sugar bomb, but actually ended up being not too sweet. A generous portion of raisins plus the lightest skimming of sweet glaze made this treat perfect. The girls behind the counter were also really friendly and nice, I would have enjoyed stopping by just to chat with them. I actually wish this place wasn't so close to my house... I can see it becoming an addiction, FAST.
5 The bread is fantastic, lots of varieties to choose from.  The buns are also very good.  I too found the Pretzels a little doughy but perhaps that's the traditional German recipe....  Nice selection of pastries - of which I've tried the turnovers and the danish - both delish!  I just wish the staff were a little friendlier....not too many smiling faces ...quite stern as a matter of fact...  Some nice German music and decorations could lighten up the mood perhaps?
5 My wife is German and constantly talks about how much she missed Broetchen and German Bread in General.  This prompted a search on Yelp for a German Bakery early last week...   I didnt have high hopes of finding anything here in Vegas and let me tell you....  This place is AWESOME.  Delicious Broetchen, pastries, and anything else you can look for from a German Bakery.  The customer service is excellent and even if it wasnt, the delicious baked goods would more than make up for it.  This is now added on to our once a week grocery shopping list...   What a great find here in Vegas....  have at it Yelpers!!!!
5 Went here on a whim (July 5, 2011) after dropping off some shoes to be repaired a few doors down.  I am a baked goods fiend and had heard of this bakery but kept forgetting to visit.  I'm glad I did!  The selection wasn't huge, as the holiday was the previous day, but what they did have looked fresh and homey.  I bought a loaf of the 3-seed bread and it proved to be fresh and not full of sugar and other crap.  The nice lady behind the counter said that they don't like to use a lot of sugar and that they like to keep things healthy (at least for their bread...).  Value seemed pretty good as my very heavy loaf was ~$5.50.  The bread is still fresh the day after purchase.  I will come here again and often for the bread and to sample some pastries.
5 This place is the real deal. The rolls r like I remember them from my childhood and the rye-meal bread (roggenschrot brot) is about as healthy and delishious as my grandma's who was a baker. The German lunch meats are incredibly authentic, so different from what I have found here in the US over the last 20 years. Please check this place out and help them stick around for a long time!!! Prices are very reasonable and you get none of the preservatives:)
5 So bomb,like everyone else said. Good balance for my taste buds, really nice employees.  I will never get those overpriced garbage tasting pastries at starbucks n other coffee shops ever again!!! The pretzels roll and pudding danish is so on point.
4 So As i was working out in my bootcamp class,  my boyfriend went and got me a delicious pastry from this humble place. He got me the apple danish or pie looking thing. The bread actually tasted like how a good crossant would taste right out of an oven, soft chewy, buttery, and breddy,... not hard and too flakey like most danish and crossants. The apple inside tasted fresh and real and not gobbled up in apple sugar syrup. I tried to keep half of the danish for later since it was pretty large, but it was so yummy.. not too sweet.. just perfect... that i ate it all. Can't wait to go back there so I can pick different ones and try it also!@#$
5 I picked up a variety of pastries to take to work - none were over $2.  I was able to sample both the almond coffee cake and the cheese danish and they were both delicious - they definitely had that made from scratch flavor that can be hard to find these days.  I will certainly be returning to sample more and I see they have a bunch of specials they post on their Facebook page.
4 I have been here several times. Always on Saturday mornings. I love it except that every time I get the Brochen, I am disappointed and had to throw them all away last week because they were very stale to point of not being able to cut them without crumbling. I realize that they are stored in the open air but even so, a few hours shouldn't make that much of a difference. Is it possible that Saturday's the items aren't baked fresh but leftover from the day before???? I'll have to take a vacation day to try during the week. :)   Everything else is fantastic especially the Dark Rye Bread and deli meat but I really want good Brochen!
4 Danke Schoen, Oh Darling, Danke Schoen...  I am so thankful for the pretzel rolls, pretzel sticks, pretzel shaped pretzels. In fact, I may need to get some help because I am addicted to these things. I don't know what it is- maybe it's the freshness, the quality ingredients, or maybe it's because they are made with love.  It's funny because I have never been a fan of pretzels before, but it truly was love at first bite!  I am also a fan of the Pumpernickel bread, but that might be because I ate so much of it while I was studying abroad in Germany.  Toasted and topped with sliced apple, brie cheese, ham, and a little drizzle of honey is the perfect combo of flavors.    The pastries are also pretty good, but because there are no preservatives added, it is best eaten the same day.  I tried to save some for breakfast the following day- and it just wasn't the same.  Thank goodness this little bakery is so close by.  The prices are also reasonable and owner, Ramona, with her beautiful German accent is very friendly.  You can also pre-order German meals prepared by a German chef to be picked up on Saturdays.  I have yet to try it, but no doubt, I will.  I have been craving Sauerbrauten and Spatzle!
4 LOVE the pretzel rolls, have to admit that one first.  Hubby has to have his farmer bread fix also, best place in town for that.  Being born & raised in Germany, he thinks he's found heaven every time he walks through their door.. and, I'll admit, they are just darn good.. and the prices are incredibly good.    We grabbed a coffee bread on our last trip.. it was a white bread twist with a light glaze on top, decorated with almond slivers.  No filling, but it wasn't needed.  It was wonderfully lightly sweet.  And yes, hubby bought his favorite bee-sting cake and totally destroyed it when we got home, grinning through every wolfish bite. =D
5 I just tried some of their holiday Stollen for breakfast this morning and it was delicious!  So happy to have a local place that knows how to make one of my favorite Christmas treats.
4 Carbs upon carbs - that's probably the best way to describe German Bread Bakery. Tucked away in a shopping center, this place is far too nondescript considering all the deliciousness that lies past the door.  Walking in, it took me a minute to process all the options and decide what I wanted. The woman behind the counter was very patient and incredibly friendly - not at all exacerbated after I decided to add on more and more. All in all, I decided upon a pretzel roll, pretzel twist, apple strudel, pudding danish and an almond horseshoe - all of which cost under eight dollars.   I couldn't even wait until I got home to start devouring, but in my defense, the drive home was half an hour. Parking lot snacks, for the win! The pretzel twist was not at all what I expected - it was light, but with a nice crust and touch of salt. Next thing standing in my path was the almond horseshoe. The cookie itself was a bit too almond-y for my liking, but pretty good overall. When I got home, I gave my mom the apple strudel, which she finished off in five minutes - a sign this place got it right. I tried a bit before she really honed in, and it was flaky, subtly sweet, and brimming with apple chunks. The pudding danish was slowly picked off by both my brother and I - something as light as that danish is deceptive. I'm sure it's packed with fat and calories, but it sure didn't seem like it while I finished it off.  This is the sort of place I really love. A quaint place that makes quality products without love produced by the overabundance of sugar or preservatives. As I was leaving, the woman asked if this was my first time visiting, to which I positively confirmed. Her response was "Well, I hope to see you soon. If not soon, then eventually." Oh believe me, keep making those baked goods, and you will definitely see me again.
5 I don't need to add to the reviews here, as they've got this place covered better than I could. What I do want to add is that everything I've tried here is simply the best I've eaten in a very long time. The flavors are just... right. Delicious. Incredible.  Honestly have nothing to complain about. I wish more places were like this.
2 The Skinny: can't get past the poor textures of custards and puddings in their pastries (2) it's a bakery so there really isn't a place to sit and they only do credit card transactions over $5 (3) value: given that there pastries were not that great, I'd say this place rates a (2).  I'm a carboholic so when I read about German Bread Bakery, I knew we had to hit it. My hubby and I happened to be in the neighbourhood  right when the bakery opened so we decided we'd to get a couple pastries to go.  Back in my hometown, we have a little German bakery as well which served a great beesting cake; a layer cake filled with pastry cream and topped with honey and almonds. Seeing they had this concoction available too, we decided to give this one a try. Also we saw people post multiple pictures of the pudding danish, so we decided to pick one of those up too.  The beesting cake was pretty disappointing. Although the almond topping and cake was okay, the pastry cream had a very unpleasant powdery texture that really turned me off considering that it composed of 50% of the concoction. It was like eating a teaspoon of cornstarch. Not good. Not good at all.  Next came the pudding danish. My hubby was checking out the danish and poked the pudding part with his fork. I kid you not, the fork bounced back and left not a mark on surface of the pudding.   "Look, baby! The pudding has memory!"  Yeah, it was that bad. Having the consistency of a rubber band, there was way too much gelatin or agar to solidify their pudding. The danish itself was okay - a little on the doughier side of things than what I'd prefer. It didn't have the flakiness of a fantastic puff pastry.  Given the disappointing experience with both the pudding pastry and the beesting cake, it gets a 2 star.
4 Really excellent bakers here.  The bread is fantastic and their desserts are big but, unlike some other places in town, are actually very good as well.  Getting a big, crappy dessert is a bummer but no problems here. Get there early as a lot of the good stuff will sell out if you wait until after work.
3 I usually find baked goods from non-Asian bakeries to be overly sweet.  Sadly, this was the case at German Bread Bakery.  I ordered the pudding danish and apple crumb cake based on yelp recommendations.  The pudding on the pudding danish had a texture similar to firm jello and the crumb was a bit dry.   I liked the apple crumb cake but there was a little too much sugar in the streusel topping for my taste.  I'll have to swing by earlier than 10:30AM next time for a better selection and to sample fresher goods.
5 Awesome. We have finally found a place that makes authentic brochen (german rolls). Unfortunately it's ~1200 miles away from home! Still that's quite a lot closer than traveling to Deutschland proper...  The rolls were just right, and per my fiancee we've finally found a German bakery that 'gets it right'. She's been looking for a place that makes the stuff she remembers from living in Germany years ago, so I trust her expertise on that.   We got 2 of the brochen, a strawberry danish and strawberry crumb cake for $5 even. It was very, very good and filled us up quite nicely. It was actually the best (also the cheapest!) breakfast I've had in the vegas area for some time!  A tip for fellow vegas-area tourists who might be driving there using a GPS gadget as we did: our GPS got a little confused based on the street address and identified a spot along Rampart Blvd where there obviously was no store. The bakery is located at the large intersection near the street address location, in the strip mall near the supermarket. It's easy to miss from the road but with some exploration you'll be able to find it quickly.   Also to address a point made in other reviews, it's true they don't have any seating inside the store (there might have been a small table and 2 chairs, if that). However immediately outside there are stone benches at the strip-mall. Yes, it's parking-lot ambiance which typically isn't the best place to have a little picnic, but the food was so great that we couldn't have cared less. You might not want to eat this stuff in a renal car unless you want to risk an extra cleaning charge.   We'll definitely be back. It's off the beaten path for a tourist, but definitely worth seeking out.
5 I'm so glad that there's a German Bakery here in Vegas! I finally visited yesterday and it brought back memories of being a military brat in Germany. I definatly had to buy all 3 types of Pretzel (Roll, stick, and twist), two Knorr mix packets, and a Beesting cake. My mother bought the Brochen and one of those big pig's ear pastries. Everything tastes great! I can't wait to visit again to try out other breads and pastries.
5 They added meats & German groceries, and we've been thrilled with the quality of the products.  Add that to the low prices and the incredible baked goods, the only thing that would improve things would be if they moved closer to my house =D
4 German Bread Bakery:  It is a delight to find such a nice bakery in Summerlin for tasty, authentic German pastries! Thanks to fellow Yelpers for telling me about this place! I've already been there 3 times past 5 days! - Do try its delicious soft pretzel rolls ($0.75) and apple strudels ($2?), among other treats! The pretzel stick and pretzel twist ($1.40) are actually made from the same dough, but more expensive for being larger in size? Go there during the morning, if you want the pretzel rolls, which are usually the first ones to go! - Its pumpernickel loaf ($4.99) is tasty, but a bit on the hard and dry side especially after a day; not quite suitable for making a sandwich with. - The bakery also carries some meat/grocery items, which I have not yet sampled, however.  - This bakery is quite small, but bright and inviting, what with its glass window & glass door, not to mention the wonderful aroma permeating in the air and the nice display of tempting goodies!  There are three nice ladies working there. Two of them are extra friendly and cheerful! They speak German to each other, as well as to some German speaking customers. I worked for a while in a small town in Germany (Glinde bei Hamburg) some years back, which has a couple of small bakeries I frequented. My wife and I still visit fabulous Germany every now then. The goodies in this German bakery in Summerlin and the sound of spoken German among its staff, really make me feel like being still in Germany!  - My only wish is that it would have tables and chairs outside of the bakery for us to enjoy the good stuff over a beverage on site! I'd give it the 5th Star, if my wish came true!  BY THE WAY: - This bakery is located in a very BUSY, crowded shopping plaza, at Rampart and Lake Mead, where the Smith Supermarket is located. Cars at plaza's entrances (especially the one at the Lake Mead side) are usually backed up to the street, thus could be dangerous, so be careful! Enjoy the fabulous goodies! -peterskis, Apr 2012
4 Every time I drive by when they're open, I have to stop by and get myself some pretzel bread (rolls, sticks & pretzel shape)  They seem to call to me as I get closer to the store.  They are so good with some nice room temp butter.  I've tried a few other things here and there, but it's the simple little pretzel bread that keeps me coming back for more!  I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but I am a sucker for greatly made breads.  Damn, I may have to run out now and get me some!
4 An excellent, small German bakery.  First, the pastries are authentic, delicious and inexpensive. The taste brought back memories, the flavor was simple outstanding - typical German pastry, not too much sugar, just right - and the price, well, that surprised me, literally cheaper than any comparable bakery I have been to in the past decade.  Second, served by a German speaking staff that is very pleasant.  Third, well, my compliments to the baker(s). Can't ignore quality food or the one's that create it.  Thus far, I have experienced 6 different items - all very good.   And last, not so much criticism, as it is preference and suggestions. Increase the prices as necessary so as to add a small sitting area with coffee made available and the required bathroom. The pastries are so good - I want to stay there and eat there, but at the moment, that is not possible. I believe the clients will accept a moderate price increase in exchange for coffees and a nice sitting area, both inside and out. And of course, Wi-Fi, so some could stay longer and enjoy the food and experience.  However, should it not do these suggested items - that's fine. Simply take the pastries and go across the street to Starbucks where everything goes good with a simple coffee.  Perhaps, even a German TV/cable station or some background music may add to the experience.  There are several added German food products that are also available on a few racks at normal prices as best I can tell.
4 Pretzels were wonderful and delish. Check the dates on any products on the shelf.
4 My husband had been reading about this place for a while, he'd even tried going one morning, but it was closed.  So today, we knew we'd be there when they were open, and boy what a surprise, there is more than just pastries.    They have fresh breads, like my favorite, rye, and a few packaged german goods as well.  We got a few of the cheese and fruit (cherry) danishes and a fruit crumb cake.  They were fresh and flaky, we really enjoyed them.  You gotta go by and try it.
4 On Rampart one day I saw a "sign dancer" with a sign for a German Bakery.  I asked a coworker if she knew of the place and she had great things to say about German baked goods.  I have been looking for a high quality rye bread for tea sandwiches I am making and this place has just that.  A few choices of rye actually.  I picked up some pretzels, a chocolate croissant, a loaf of marbel rye and a loaf of sourdough.  The pretzel has great flavor & texture and I can't wait to try the other stuff.  The staff (2 ladies) were really nice and helpful.   I was worried about slicing the bread into even slices but no worries here - they have a bread slicer and were happy to do it for me.    The only thing I was sad about was that the "sign dancer"  came into the store for a few minutes before returning to the 112 degree heat.  I hope his shift isn't 8 hours.
3 I stopped in yesterday when I was in this plaza as I had read good things about the bakery on Yelp.   I was disappointed in the rolls I bought.  They were multi-grain topped rye rolls and they were dry.  I haven't yet tried the pretzel rolls.  I hope they're better than the rye ones.  I also bought two cookies, a peanut butter and a chocolate chip.  The peanut butter cookie was good.  The chocolate chip is in the freezer for another day.  Since this isn't my neighborhood, I'll stop elsewhere for baked goods.  I really think the rolls in grocery stores are as good as what I bought yesterday.  The bakery was OK.
1 Happened to stumble upon this place by accident and decided to go in.  It appears to be a traditional German bakery.  The girl behid the counter was very nice and conviced me to purchase a cake.  I decided to try the Black Forest Cake, which is a chocolate cake with layers of cream.  When I went to pay for it, I noticed they were going to put it in a bag.  I asked for a box because I wanted to place it in an ice chest to transport it home (it was 100 degrees outside) and I did not want it getting smashed or ruined.  A guy there, who appeared to be the owner, said no he will not put one item in a box because it costs too much.  I understand if I had bought some bread or items that are not "delicate", but this was a layer cake.  I never heard of putting a piece of cake in a paper bag.  Needless to say, I said "No thank you" and left the store without purchasing anything and I will not be back.  I also decided not to purchase other items that I was looking at.  It is sad that the owner lost a potential customer over properly prackaging a piece of cake so that it can be transported without falling apart or making a mess.   Too bad the women that was behind the counter is not the owner becasue she appeared to be a lot more customer oriented and a good sales person.
4 What a little gem of a find this bakery is! I was in the parking lot headed to Subway when I noticed it. I thought I would stop in and see what they had for bread. I was surprised at the appetizing variety of goodies they had! I got a "Apple Danish" and a "Bear Claw" to enjoy for dessert :) They were so tasty! I wish I noticed this place before but now I can at least stop in and get a danish after eating my healthy Subway right?! *wink wink*  The store was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful.
4 Das ist Sher gutt!   I bought at least 5 if not 6 pastries home to eat for breakfast the next day. when I went out to the kitchen the next day I only had 1 1/2 left.  I will say that those 1 1/2 were wonderful. Cant wait to get back and buy some more!  DANKE!
4 ETHNIC BAKERY TOUR #1-GERMANY  We've always driven by this strip mall but never noticed this bakery tucked back in the corner. Not only is this a bakery, but a mini German specialities store as well where a lot of German transplants pick up candies, condiments,and other items for a taste of home.(Curry Ketchup!?!?! COOL!!!) The smell of freshly baked goods immediately draw you in and awaken your tastebuds...(Enter at your own risk!)  Bakery selections are plentiful from different danish, crumb cakes, pretzel breads, almond horns, cheese sticks, and a wide array of whole loaves that they will be happy to slice for you. I was jonezing for some of their Bienenstich, or Beesting Cake which is a yeast dough filled with luscious vanilla custard with a caramelized almond-honey topping, but unfortunately they didn't have any on our visit..:( We settled for a Cherry Danish, a Nut Corner, a Pretzel Bread, a German Cheesecake and a popular item called Frankfurter. The ladies behind the counter are so nice and helpful, they also convinced us to come away with a few goodies!  I am determined to return for that Beesting Cake!.....ALOHA!!!
3 Chocolate croissant? Yes please!!! My love for chocolate croissants and the fact that I was right across the street led me to this bakery. Parking is a bit tight in that shopping center but where there's chocolate there's a way. I saw exactly what I wanted right away. I didn't look around but my husband did ask what the black and white cookies are. After paying 3 bucks for my croissant I was on my way home.   The verdict: the croissant wasn't very flaky and light as I prefer it to be. Instead it was very bready and doughy if that miss sense. It felt like a piece of bread with chocolate inside. It was fairly large but this wasn't the "amazing I want to go back there now type of deal."  Overall, if I'm in the neighborhood I might drop by.
5 This place is the real deal! I used to live in Germany, and this place measures up to the little bakery I used to walk to several times a week. Their pretzel croissant takes me back! This bakery is very authentic. They also sell German packaged food. The prices are great and so is the food!
4 I new that someday my 3 years of German class in high school would pay off!    I really like this bakery.  It is quaint.  It appears to be hand made artisan type of baked goods.  They had a selection of breads and pastries.  I was there for some breakfast type pastries.  The ladies working there were delightful, not overly friendly just... warm in a neighborly way.  They had a case with about 10 different types of pastries.  I got a dozen for an office type of meeting.  I didn't try all of them just a bite here and there - they were tasty.  Real baked goods.  This place is legit.  perfect to stop by here on a lazy moring and grab a coffee and some pastries and read the newspaper...  They do not have any tables, probably because they do not have a public bathroom -- but that is just a guess.  I would love to see more of a selection.  Seeting and a bigger selection would make this 5 stars hands down.  They had some German coffee, but I didn't try any.
5 The walnut bread here is ADDICTIVE!! The pastries are so tasty and perfect. Not overly sweet either but just right. Everyone I have met here is very nice and helpful. I think this place is the real deal when it comes to German bread and pastry authenticity. No disappointments here.
5 Dank German Deliciousness right around the corner. Can't be mad at that!
5 Delicious baked goods. I'm not well versed in German Pastries but everything I purchased here was fresh and very tasty! I would recommend it to anyone. The staff are very knowledgable and very friendly. German Bread Bakery is truly a hidden gem.
5 Really great bakery! Yummy!
4 Good Bakery with reasonable prices.  We shop here several times a month.
5 Really authentic german bakery, everything is great. Sometimes customers and owner conversing back and forth in German.
5 Love this bakery. Amazing breads and goodies. Plus they actual products from Germany!!! I will defiantly go back soon.
5 This place is so freaking good.  I've only tried it once. We tried to go a second time, but it's closed on Sundays, much to our chagrin. My boyfriend looked like he needed to take anti-depressants after we found that out (he's from out of town lol).   The lady working the cash register was very friendly and knowledgable about every pastry I asked her about (which was a lot). She was also very honest; I told her I hate things excessively sweet. She assured me that their items were not that disgusting "American" sweet, which is exactly what I was referring to. She was also not afraid to point out which ones were, to assure that I would be satisfied with all the items we got.  We bought 2 types of pretzel bread and they were the most delicious forms of bread I've ever had. I already liked pretzel bread to begin with, but this was by far the best pretzel bread in all my life (not exaggerating). So fresh and so good omg. We also had this yogurt cake that was so delicious, and an almond bar thing that was more on the forgettable side.  All in all, so amazing. Beautiful tasty products accompanied with great service. Can't wait to try more items!
5 Just excellent! We just moved to LV and this place is right next to our preferred grocery store. As soon as I saw it, I knew that I was going to be stopping by soon. 2 weeks later, my wife and I finally did and we were quite impressed. As soon as we walked in, we were cheerfully greeted by 2 of the nicest women I've ever met. They readily and happily answered every question we had, even going beyond what was necessary to make sure we knew exactly what we were looking at/buying. We came in for the pretzels, but were taken with the other delicious-looking pastries on display. We ended up getting some standard (but unbelievably-delicious) pretzels, some outstanding pretzel croissants (We're still trying to figure out which is better. Both are unbelievable.) and a "donauwelle" cake. I had never heard of the latter before, but it was simply incredible: bread-like cake with real cherries, mildly-sweet cream and a subtle chocolate topping. Really just perfect. Rich and flavorful, but not terribly sweet. Fantastic! We will, without question, be regular customers here. This is how it's supposed to be done, people. If you don't try it for yourself, you are doing yourself a disservice. Simple as that.
5 My mother was from Germany so I grew up with a lot of German food in my life. I'm glad this place is so close. Everything I've tried from here is great!
5 Quaint European bakery with an old world feel.  We ordered a variety of pastries, lemon roll, almond twist, cherry strudel, chocolate croissant, cheese Danish, rum ball and chocolate coin - all were fresh and so good I'm sure they were baked with love.  Disappointed there was no seating to enjoy our coffee and goodies although it seemed there was adequate space to accommodate some small tables and a few chairs.  Also, the stiff coffee will put hair on your chest.  I give the German Bakery 5-stars in spite of the coffee and lack of seating because our pastries were perfect.
5 Lived in Germany many years and it was so fun to come across this bit of heaven. Gobbled up tons of comfort items to take home and create a German feast.  I loved the authenticity of the ladies speaking German to each other.   Definitely will be back again and again for a bit of comfort and home.  Danke Fräulein!
4 Items Selected: Bear Claw Bee Sting Cake Pretzel Croissant Apple Strudel Almond Twist  Owned and operated by two of the most pleasant ladies I've yet to encounter in Las Vegas one would be hard pressed to name a more 'authentic' ethic destination in the city - Asian, European, Latin American, or otherwise.  Featuring a wide variety of baked goods and imports both sweet and savory straight out of Deutschland at prices representing a veritable bargain compared to many of the area's artisan bakeries it was plain on entry to the small shop that things were bound to be good when I heard staff and patrons communicating nearly exclusively in German and with no less than two dozen offerings available the only difficulties presented by German Bread Bakery was not ordering too much...eventually settling on a mere five selections at a total of $10.89.  Focused on the classics, particularly those most familiar to me growing up to a Hungarian-German heritage, it was with an apple strudel that my tasting began and reheated quickly in the microwave I'd strongly suggest others do the same, the result a light trickle of butter running from the flaky dough as fresh apples and light sweetness found balance in hefty cinnamon notes and delicate pastry.  Moving next to two almond options it was perhaps an effect of my 2pm arrival that the sole remaining bear claw was found to be a bit doughy though the frangipane was well utilized and moving on to the laminated layers of the almond twist I'd wager that no better exists in the city, a light glaze overlying toasted almonds as each shattering bite made a mess of my table and floor, a similar result found in the signature 'pretzel croissant' as buttery salted layers gave way to a soft crumb speckled with seeds and flavors harkening the Bavarian classic but ever more delicate.  Last but certainly not least, my final taste of German Bread Bakery on this day was the classic Bienenstich - a dish rarely found but always astounding when done well and in this case done perfectly with light vanilla pastry cream proving a marvelous balance to rich almond/honey/butter crunch topping all anchored by the yeasty yellow cake - a must order more than worth a trip to both fans and those (unfortunately) not yet familiar.
4 We had 4 things today. Cherry Danish, had great pastry but a little lacking on the cherry filling, which is of course what we wanted. Rebounded with Cherry crumb cake . We got our cherries and then some. Have 2 pretzels for happy hour and made Obatzda for dipping. Should be good. Also got strudels fro my son in law, looked good but did not get to try
5 Amazing!
5 Love the pretzel rolls!  Also tried the cheesecake, black forest cake, and a cake with peaches on top.  Everything we had was good.  I was hoping to get some Danish but they were all gone.  The lady that helped me was very friendly.  Will definitely be back to try more goodies.
5 Genuine German bakery that never fails to serve great food.  I was out one day and needed something a little sweet and dropped in to see what's what.  First thing  when I walked in was an actual German family that works there, And greeted me with a smile. Second thing I noticed was the Bee-sting cake!!! This you'll see everywhere in all bakery's in Australia and Germany! I was really surprised to see it, so I purchased the whole cake!!! I know I'm Piggy but when you get something good, get all of it.   For sure one of the great family bakery's in Las Vegas
3 Bought a Dark Rye Bread and it was excellent. As far as the pastry and strudel goes, they were all made with magarine not butter.  I come from a long line of German bakers going back to my greatgrandfather my mother and aunts. They all used butter in their recipes which I've eaten all my life. I'm sure you would agree that your pastries would be so much better if they were made with sweet butter.
5 I don't want to give a good review because I don't want more people to find out about this place!  Even though we live way on the other side of town, will definitely be back    I've been missing the light rye I grew up on. There was a German bakery back home that we went to regularly since I was a little kid. This bread brought back so many memories. I couldn't wait till the next morning to try it, and ended up eating 3 slices with butter before going to bed (after dinner and I wasn't even hungry!).  Wonderfully soft in the middle with a slightly chewy crust. Just perfect.   Also tried their Black Forest roll and a Berliner. I love that German pastries aren't as sickly-sweet as most American pastries. They were both awesome.   Service was amazing. The lady working there yesterday afternoon was very patient with us as we made our selections and asked a bunch of questions.   I don't think I will wait for the next time we happen to be in the area to come back. 17 miles away but definitely worth the trip!!!
5 This place is a DREAM COME TRUE for anyone from the Northeast....They have the most AMAZING hard rolls.... yup, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside!!  We have also been enjoying there pretzels (rolls, sticks) they are great to eat alone, but we love them as hamburger bun and hotdog bun :)  Can't say enough about this place, GREAT people making GREAT bread!
5 Authentic German breads and pastries. Fresh wursts and butter in the cold case. Tasty little extras to buy. Reminds me of my grandmother every time I walk in :)
4 If you want real seeded bread and gr8 pastry, pretzels and German food stuffs, stop no further.  Can buy half loaves, day old and sample.  Best bread w/substance available.  Open everyday.  Get there early for best selections.
5 I've been here a few times but forgot to write my review. I would say everything I've tried here is excellent. Light, Flaky, Fresh, keys to excellent baked goods.
5 My girlfriend and I (who is German) stopped by here for breakfast yesterday. We were really excited because of the good reviews, and we figured this would be a great place to have around for when she misses home.   The two woman working were from Germany and were so friendly! We talked with them for a little bit, alternating between German and English, and they even gave us tips about where to find other German items throughout Las Vegas.   We ended up ordering two of their muffins which were really really good, and two Berliners which even though we ate half a day later (and they had sit in a hot car), they were delicious and fresh.   We also got two cups of coffee which were great German quality, and we really enjoyed it.   They also have some German groceries and candy, though the shelves were a little bare while we were there. However they told us a big shipment was coming in next week so they should have a lot more than. They have sauerkraut and haribo candy, and they also have those little Maggi sauce packets with recipes for making a dinner with it. We love those and are happy they're there! They also of course have a variety of wurst for sale.   The biggest disappointment of this place is that they didn't have chairs and tables to sit down and eat breakfast. We were hoping this was more like a cafe, and that it would be our regular spot to enjoy a nice breakfast our snack in a cafe, but we found ourselves leaving and looking around to find a place to sit down. We ended up in the park down the road, but still. If they add tables and chairs, we would come a lot more frequently!
4 I came here because it was close to where I work and those who know me know that I love ethnic food establishments. This is a cute authentic bakery! If you have ever been to Germany, they have some delicious pastries! I had this pastry that was similar to a donut, it was delicious! I wish that I took a picture of it. One thing I would like to see is more savory food options.  I know that this is strictly a bakery, but I would like to see them add some lunchtime meal options, especially since they sell frozen German meat and other products in their freezer :)
5 I lived in Germany for 5 years... this place is legit.  I hadn't had a brötchen in 9 years... and it tasted just like I remembered. The other pastries we ordered brought back fond memories of the pastries we would have in Germany. Everything we bought was fantastic!! I can't wait to go back.    Give this place a try if you want the "real deal" in German pastries and breads.
4 What a great discovery! Priced reasonably and the poppy seed coffee cake was better than grandmas.$5 for a dark rye loaf. Selection is larger in the morning. They also have authentic German sausages.
5 Being part Czech and German this hits home. I also have lived in Germany for 1 year so excited about this place.   mon - wed they have a light selection of pastry the weekends thur - fri to sunday they roll out there full assortment witch includes croissants as well as other non week day afair.   I got cherry strudel, apple one, and bear claw.   The cherry strudel was packed with cherry filling light and crispy or flaky   Apple was really good light and airy. yet to try bear claw lol ..   Overall happy to learn about this place being so close they also make there own bread and have a really nice selection of bread pumpernickel etc.   This is great weather you German or just like pastry stuff   Very friendly and polite staff worth checking out     This is mainly a go in and pick up joint.
