4 When I go to Rubio's, I only have one menu item on my mind, the self proclaimed World Famous Fish Taco.  On rare occasions, I have foolishly strayed away from the fish taco in some misguided attempt at variety, and been disappointed.  I'm not trying to say that the other menu items aren't any good, it's just that the fish taco is what they are known for and what they do best.  They are balanced just right, corn tortilla with crispy fish, cabbage, sauce, lime and hot salsa (added from the salsa bar).  However, these babies have a short half-life and deteriorate quickly.  I do not recommend them for take out, and if you opt for the two taco plate, I would resist the urge to munch on the chips and pinto beans and devour those tacos while they are hot and fresh.  The service is always quick and friendly, and sets Rubio's apart from many order at the counter/take out restaurants.  They can be very busy around lunch time, but the manager and employees still ask how everything was while they clear your plates.  They really seem to care about the patron having a good meal.
5 I'm a 'menu walker' whenever I have the opportunity to go somewhere repeatedly. Over the past several years, the menu at Rubio's has undergone some churn, but the standards are still around. The fish tacos are inexpensive and great -- I prefer the 'especial' version, which cost a bit more for ...  This one is above average due to the staff and they should be commended; always fast, friendly and helpful.
3 I usually don't branch out from standard quesadillas and burritos, but I tried the fish taco's and really liked them. I did also get a quesadilla on another occasion and really liked it, especially b/c it came with sour cream and guac, which a lot of places charge extra for. Also, it was crispy and hot, unlike a lot of places which come out greasy and soggy.   I will probably go here again with my friends who really like this place.
4 This was the best fish taco I've ever had!  I've never had a fish taco before, but it probably will remain in the top anyway.  It was a flavor explosion of beer battered fish, crunchy cabbage, guac, and two sauces mixed together.  One was red, and one was white.  I have NO clue what they were, but they mixed together to create a delicious flavor explosion that made my taste buds dance with appreciation.    The side of pinto beans is pretty esoteric, more soupy than you'd normally get, and with the chips you get access to the complimentary salsa bar, which has lots of options.    I will be back for sure.
5 Like this Rubio's, it's kind of on a lake/man made pond so the view when eating outside is nice.   Love their steak and fish taco meals. They have a salsa bar too, which is a plus in my book! Service was really fast for my to go order and the lady even brought it to me without calling my number.
5 What can I say about Rubio's besides I wish we had some in Ohio! You west-coasters have all the good food... By far the best fish taco we've ever had. Great prices and selection. I can't wait for another vacation!
4 great fish tacos.
3 Standard Rubio's Baja-style Mexican fare, with friendly service. The salsa bar has 3-4 different salsas to choose from, including a green tomatillo salsa and chipotle. The mahi mahi burrito was a large portion with big chunks of fish, a flavorful sauce, with cabbage, guacamole and rice.
4 I ordered the Chipotle orange salad with blackened tilapia and it was so good! You can't beat the quickness and freshness for the price. And the people who run it are so nice. Will definitely be adding this to my new favorite "fast food" rotation.
5 Just finished eating dinner here and it was terrific! Wonderful service with delicious food. Quick, easy and yummy...Rubios is one of my favorite places! My favorite is gourmet shrimp tacos. Yum!
3 I call this chain..ole reliable. Never had a bad meal here in at least ten years. On this day, tried the grilled chicken taco combo plate classic style. The one thing that wasn't that great was the white sauce they douse the chicken in before it ends up on your tacos. It is not a bad sauce, but I think that might be the same one they use on fish and it doesn't belong on poultry. Regardless, the two tacos for 7 bucks were loaded up on white chicken chunks and mostly lettuce and the chips were super crispy at the location and the rice was above average. I will order no white sauce next time and this will be back to it's usual four stars rating.
