2 Not a great selection on parts. Have to ask to get helped. I was the only person in there when I asked three sales associates for help. They pointed to where they thought the product was and never offered assistance. Thank you  my experience was at the fountain hills location... pick it up fh... pick it up
5 First I got lucky catching my battery on the way out - rather than after it died. Second it turns out it was still under a 2-yr warranty. Finally after testing it in my car for free they gave me the new one and installed it for me free. Nice!
5 Great hours! Open until 10:00. Most other places closed at 7:00 or 8:00. The customer service was so great. Friendly, informative and helpful. Had trouble with several other places, but everything went. Dry smooth here. Fair price and best warranty offered. Will come here again, and will recommend to other people.
4 My go to places for car items.
5 The part I needed cost less than $20 and they still installed it for me just to be nice (or to stop me from making a fool of myself in their parking lot, but really -- think of the laughs they missed by being kind).  I would happily go back to this store often, except I don't really want to need more car parts! Maybe I could collect key rings or something harmless like floor mats.
5 So my weekend consisted of helping a friend fix his car.... nice and exciting! Lucky for him I am a girl who loves cars and doesn't mind getting dirty! Gear head/grease monkey! Any who, since mechanic is not my profession, we needed a little help to get the diagnostic done on his car to see what we had ahead of us. When we ventured down to O'Reilly Auto Parts we were able to get a diagnostic checker and spent some time talking to Christopher. He was a very pleasant man, who knew what he was talking about. It's nice to walk into a parts store and the people behind the counter actually know about cars, not just what the computer tells them. He gave us some good information on what parts to check when we looked up the codes from the tester. After taking about 10 trips to O'Reilly's we were finally able to get the correct parts taken care of. Not only was Chris able to rent us the tools we needed, he was able to order the parts we needed and had them delivered to his store the next day for pick up. He was friendly, helpful and quick, which made the day a whole lot easier since the car we were working on was the complete opposite of all of that. Two O2 Sensors later and a new fuel pump, his car finally left the driveway! Great customer service and great prices!  Thanks for taking care of us O'Reilly's! It's nice to have someone go above and beyond not because they have to because it's their job, but because they want to help and they have the knowledge! More people need committed, nice workers like Chris!
5 I just went to buy a new bulb for my headlight.  Marcos not only helped right away, but offered to put it in without hesitation.  Great customer service!
1 I walked in there to get 0w20 or oil which most if not all four cylinder cars take in the past 4or 5 years and I got a smart aleck response.  some kid with curly hair at the counter is telling me that no cars take that and that's why they're out of stock.  Well my 08 accord and 12 Camry use it and I'm pretty sure they are common cars....
