4 It's Mexican fast food -- but it's really good Mexican fast food. My wife and I split a fish taco plate and an order of Carne Asada fries. They were a bit too generous with the tartar sauce on the tacos but I suspect most people would prefer it that way. Carne Asada was great.  The restaurant just opened at the northwest corner of Baseline and 35th Ave. It's a clean and inviting place. The workers seemed friendly and helpful. We thoroughly enjoyed the experience.  UPDATE: Returned for Taco Tuesday (3/8/11). Burrito for $2 was huge -- and flavorful -- taco truck quality (a positive thing from my perspective as one who grew up in California eating Mexican food sold from trucks -- the best stuff!). The after-burn on my tongue from the green-pepper burrito lasted 45 minutes. Chicken taco was bigger than street size and tasted great.
1 If I could, I'd give this place no stars.  NASTY, NASTY, NASTY.  I ordered a breakfast burrito with ONLY potatoes, eggs and cheese.  Simple enough right? I got home and opened it up to find half cooked potates, wet eggs, and barely any cheese.  Oh and they added ham to my order along with tomatoes and scallions.  I tried a bite and it was DISGUSTING.  I promptly threw the food in the trash.  Oh, and the price??  RIP OFF.  I can go to almost any "berto's" and get the same thing, done correctly,  for just under 4 bucks... they charged me over 5.  I will NEVER eat hear again.  Don't waste your money guys..... Taco Bell has better food. :(
2 I had been waiting for this convenient place to open, but it took me a little while afterward to get around to eating here, & I wish I had read the reviews first.  Anyhow, here's how it went for me here today at a little after 11 AM:  Good:  I found this new place to be clean & comfortable inside, with both booths & tables.  This was my first visit to a Federico's, & you order at the counter, & then they call you to pick up.  I ordered a #12 Two Chiles Rellenos plate.  It comes with tortillas, & I asked for corn, & also a shredded beef hard taco to go along with it, since I was pretty hungry & wanted to be sure it was enough food.  Not so good:  Back at the table, I noticed that my ticket had the #17 Chile Verde plate on it, with corn tortillas, rather than Chiles Rellenos, with corn tortillas.  I went back up to the counter & the girl said she would fix it.  Not so good:  It was a  rather long time later, when my number was called, even though the restaurant wasn't busy.  A person who worked nearby with a half-hour lunch break would never have been able to eat the food before they had to leave.  Good:  My plate came out piled high with food, & looked really attractive.  The Chiles had a big dollop of guacamole & also sour cream on top, & there was a little salad plus generous servings of refried beans & Spanish Rice.  Not so good:  I started with bites of beans, rice, & a piece off the end of one of the chiles.  My plate food was all just barely warm...  almost room temperature!     :-O  Not so good:  I unwrapped my tortilla package, & the tortilla was hot, but it was FLOUR!  I ordered corn, & that was printed IN RED on their copy of my receipt!  Not so good:  They used Anaheim Chiles for the Rellenos, & by the time they're breaded & covered with sauce & the two toppings, you can barely taste the chiles.  They were too mild for this recipe, & if they want to use long skinny chiles, they should have been Nu Mex Big Jims like the other restaurants around the Valley give you.  (Otherwise, use a big Pablano, & only serve one.)  The only thing that saved this place from one Star was that the flavor of the beans & rice was good, & the portions of everything generous.  (I didn't need to have ordered the side taco.)  They DO really feed you here, but they need to tighten up the ship...  a lot!     :-O  #12 Chiles Rellenos Plate $6.59, Shredded Beef Hard Taco $2.09.
2 I wouldn't say it's terrible, but also not my first pick for Mexican food in the area. I've had the carnitas and carne platters in the past and thought they were fine. Tonight, however, we decided to take advantage of their Tuesday specials on burritos and tacos...  Chicken burrito -- decent marinade (although it may be a tad too spicy for some), and that's about it. They did not do a good job of trimming the fat and gristle, which I recalled of their other meats as well. I understand that fat is good for cooking, but I don't want big chunks of it in my burrito.   Beef taco -- nothing particularly wrong with it other than its total lack of flavor. They must use a low grade of beef, which is fine except that it's tough and seemingly not at all marinated. It's like the opposite of the chicken, which I don't understand. Isn't beef easier to marinate?  Rice and beans -- as others have noted, they just aren't at all exciting. What a shame, since nothing else on the menu particularly stands out.   I think I'll be avoiding Federico's in the future. There are too many other good options nearby.
4 First of all, let me say I cant believe this place got so many bad reviews on here other then the first review. Second of all let me say that the only thing i've had here are the burritos and tacos so maybe that is why.   I have been here about 5 times now so I can comfortable say that the flavor is consistent and the quality is the same every time. My first trip was their opening weekend and my latest trip was last Tuesday. On Tuesdays they have 99 cent tacos and 1.99$ burritos.   I would say that it is a tie between the Arizona burrito and the Green Chili burrito for top burrito i've ever had....they are amazing...add sour cream to the green chili burrito to really bring it to life.   I've also had the beef taco, carne asada taco, and pork taco....all were good, but not as good as the burritos.    I recommend you try this place on a Tuesday and get the Green Chili burrito and judge this place for yourself....if its bad, you are out 1.99$...if it is good you just found a great burrito place like I have.   Again...im shocked this place has received so many 1-2 stars so far....
2 STAY AWAY FROM THE DRIVE THRU! Each car takes about 7-10 minutes, and god fobid there be 2 cars in front of you on lunch break.  I had their $0.99 taco on tuesday, and only a small pinch of shredded beef. And they are a bit stale. And their regular $2.09 tacos are the exact same.  Happy for Mexican food here in Laveen, but wondering when Filiberto's will be here.
4 Federico's is certainly good for a cheap Mexican place. I place it well above any of the 'bertos places I've tried. You get quite a bit of food for your money especially on Tuesdays, where some of the tacos and burritos are $1 or $2.  The Green Chili Burrito is my favorite item on the menu by far with the Carne Asada Fries following a close second. I wouldn't recommend getting the Green Chili burrito to go if you have more than a 4 or 5 minute drive home as the sauce will ultimately soak through and you'll be left with a fairly soggy (yet very tasty!) mess in your wrapper. Eat this quick for best results or be prepared to use a fork if you hit any red lights on the way home.  As Jon K. said below, the drive through is a nightmare. This is by far the most consistently slow drive through I've ever seen. If there are any other cars in the drive through, you should head inside and place your order.  This isn't meant to be an extremely fancy place. It's like a cleaner Filiberto's that smells a lot nicer and has much better food.
1 This place sucks always get order wrong and dont want to fix it also got mold on tortilla  and they said it was ok
2 Had lunch at this place...ordered a carnitas torts & the carnitas was dry and the torts kept falling apart. The horchata was good.
3 Horchata is really good so far. Waiting on the food! It took a little too long, but I guess it's not FAST food, so I was ok with that.  The food was ok, and the place was NICE and CLEAN. which is unusual for small dive-y places.
4 we go to this place often only because it's right around the corner from where we live and the price is okay and you get a helluv a lot food.  we have never tried the drive thru.  we always dine in.  we have ordered different taco, burrito combos and some bean & fries dish.  not the best food but above average for mexican fast food.  the service is okay and at times they mess up your order.  we never had any complications with fixing our orders.  just sitting and waiting to get our new orders.  if you are not in shape and love fried food this is the place.
5 Always had a good experience. This is three only mexican restaurant I've been to that actually season their food.
5 This place is great despite the bad reviews.  Dollar tacos and 2 dollar burritos Monday Tuesday and Wednesday.  Can't beat that.
3 Tried this place for the first time a couple of days ago.  I had the chicken tacos and they were pretty good.  My only complaint is the wait time in the drive through line.  I waited about 15 mins for 4 tacos!  There was someone behind me so I couldn't back out and leave.  Next time, if there is a next time, I will go inside.
2 I live near and love their 99 cent taco specials. The service is very poor each time i have went. They are very slow and takes about 15mins to get thru the drive & it took me 10mins to get 5 tacos as a walk in. Each time i ask nicely to the employees for extra hot sauce and every time they would never give me sauce. I would kindly ask again for extra and the employee at the drive window would give me a upset look or be rude because i asked for xtra sauce.
3 I had been eating at Federico's for a while.  The food's pretty good, especially the red chicken tacos with that spicy green sauce.  They do sometimes mess up orders and take a while to get your food to you, not regularly though.  I don't really have a whole lot of complaints about the place... until now.  The service is usually good at Federico's, but not when I went there on the 12th.    After a long time away from the place, I went back to get some of those tacos.  I ordered and gave the clerk my card.  Unfortunately, the ticket printed up as declined.  She said, "Declined!", and smirked at me like it was hilarious.  I looked at my card to see if it was the right one and asked her to try it again.  Same thing.  "Declined!"  Big smirk.  I didn't get upset or anything.  I told her I was going to the bank and I left (I found out later that a gas station put a hold on my account that wasn't released until later that night).  I don't know if that happened to anyone else, but they need to train that lady to have a better attitude when it comes to customer service.  I'm sure she came off the same way to somebody else at some point.  All she had to do was tell me my card was declined instead of nearly laughing in my face like we were at a comedy club.  Like I said, I wasn't all that upset about it, but now I'm a little more than irked and won't be going back any time soon, especially considering there's a fairly new Filiberto's down the street that's much closer to me than Federico's.  If that's the way they let their staff treat customers, then they don't deserve my business.  Sorry guys, you blew it!
1 Chips were stale, never received the extra salsa I asked for, and the bean & cheese burrito was something I could have made from home myself with canned beans, cheese and a tortilla. Not impressed.
2 This place is the opposite of fast food drive thru restaurant. The food is good thought but everything else EVERYTHING ELSE! sucks here, including the furniture and lousy employees. Are they even food handler certified? This place manager or owner needs to take note of how slow they are to serve you the food.  They have no idea of what a fast food restaurant is. None! 2 stars because if the good food.
1 Food is descent for the prices they started with. Now they overcharge. I recently ordered a carne asada burrito with beans and they charged me $7.14. My jaw dropped. They need to reevaluate their prices before they lose clientèle.
5 Fast...food...fast!  I am sorry that others have had slow/bad service. Maybe that was then, but now, they are pretty fast.  Typically, I order for two or three folks in my orders and rarely have they been wrong and never have they been slow.  I've had their ceviche and guacamole fries (special order-no salt) several times and was very happy with speed, amount of fries & guacamole and spice-level of the guacamole. My son has had the carne asada fries, also no salt. As well, those orders were excellent, fresh and fast.  And is say that I've eaten here maybe 15 times now...usually forget to check in, but always  am pleased. That's why I continue to come...and will continue to do so!
1 Not good. Enchiladas weren't even heated, tostada shell was stale, soda was flat.  We won't bother going back.
