4 Awesome shop, sometimes it can take some time for the repairs, but they are nicely done and for a reasonable price.
5 I just picked up my favorite pair of old boots from J R's shoe repair.  WOW!!! I am soo happy!  These boots were purchased about 6 years ago at Kohl's. They are not leather. They are black with a chunky platform heel and I love them. They look great with dress pants and jeans.  After the years of  wear and tear (ABUSE) and playing freeze tag& baseball  in them, The heels were lopsided, the soles were wasted. I searched high and low for a replacement and could not find another pair that I liked as much. I brought them into J R's Shoe repair since it is in my neighborhood and was told they could be fixed and they would even clean them up.  I have new soles and heels!  They look like brand new boots! Quality work and  very reasonably priced.  I am over the moon  and J R 's shoe repair has my business! Thanks!
5 I thought my boots were beyond repair after a long trip to San Francisco.  Little did I know, the owner of JR's Shoe Repair is a miracle worker.   My colleagues urged me to visit JR's Shoe repair for some boot-TLC. It's an unassuming shop tucked away in the west corner of the AJ's center. Just walk in, discuss the repairs and when you need them, and pay.   He's super speedy and did an absolutely phenomenal job. My beloved boots are resoled, refurbished and look brand spankin new. They look better than they did when I purchased them!    Do yourself a favor, don't go out and waste your time trying to find a replacement pair. Take them to JR's for some pampering.
1 This place charged me $60 up front to replace the soles on a pair of shoes. This place totally screwed me. They ruined the shoes and would not refund me my money. JR said his employee messed up the shoes. The second time I went back he said he was going to repair the shoes.  The shoes looked worse after the second repair. JR gave me the shoes in a circle k bag the second time. The shoes are now two toned. I asked for my money back and he said no. He said he would repair them himself. He lied and said his employee did the repair a second time.  JR was totally unprofessional and rude. I just wanted my money back. I didn't ask him to replace the shoes all together. He is a liar and the sign in his shop says guaranteed work.
