3 We picked up take out.  My hubby decided to get the LARGE sandwich (1 for him and 1 for me).  When I opened the box, I was surprised to see the sandwich bearly fitting inside the standard sqaure take out box.  That is a HUGE sandwich!  I got the French Dipsky.  They forgot my aujus dipping sauce, so the sandwich by itself was kind of dry.  The chips were good.
5 You just can't beat Schlotzsky's for a great sandwich, but at this location the owners are the best! Always clean, always fresh, always friendly! What more could you want? Say hello to Steve and Becky when you stop in! Don't forget the soup too!
2 I loved their Ham sandwich and their pepper chips rock. But then I found out the ham sandwich with a thick cut of ham was only a limited time sandwich so its no longer available. What a bummer. I was going to start making this my regular lunch time pickup place. Maybe they'll decide to make limited sandwiches more permanent.
1 Absolutely the WORST service!! Went there this morning and seriously doubt I will go back. My boyfriend and I were the only ones there so being busy couldn't be why the staff was so bad. After ordering our sandwiches, we sat down and waited. The girl brought our food out and as she was handing me a sandwich, the top of the bun fell off and into my lap. Mayo and lettuce all down my shirt and in my lap. All she said was "Opps!" ... Come on now, not even an apology? Accident or not, proper customer service certainly warrants at least an "I'm sorry." After eating, we needed a container to take part of a sandwich home so I went to the counter. I waited, and waited ... And waited. I walked over to the opening in wall where they place orders and waited some more. 10 minutes went by and not one employee was around or even seen. After saying "hello??" several times, a guy came out looking annoyed. I got my container and he disappeared again. With all the product that they have sitting out front, you would think that a staff member would be in the front at all times. I have to wonder what was so important in the back that it required ALL the staff in the building to be back there?? When leaving, not one employee was to be seen or heard so I yelled "Bye, have a great day! Thanks for coming." and walked out. Simply put, this was the WORST customer service (or lack of it) ever! The manager better think about hiring some new people soon because with staff like that, money will be walking out the door.
4 I'm truly thankful I work down the street!  I love their sandwiches... their reuben is a great "getting to know reuben "type of sandwich.  The saurkraut is good, not too tangy for a novice reuben connisseur like me.  & They Serve Cinnabon Inside.
4 Very nice little shop. I went in to get Cinnabun which was fresh and wonderful. Can't wait to try the sandwiches.  Update. The sandwiches are awesome. The breads are out of this world!
1 It's gross in here...cobwebs hanging off the lamps and tables r filthy..and how does a sandwich spot run out of wheat bread..and very wierd tht there r pictures of wierd looking kids everywhere...
2 Food is delicious! Service was horrible - cashier was clearly annoyed we were bothering her by ordering.
4 Love the roast beef and cheese on sourdough!  This location is close to my work so I'm a frequent flyer.  I have always had great customer service here as well as their other locations.  Ya the prices are more than your Subway $5 foot long but you get what you pay for!
4 Light sandwiches, fresher meat than subway. Don't have that much to say except this will be my new subway!
1 Fourty five minutes for two sandwiches come on.... Staff properly. The new girl at the registrar screwed up the order twice, then we sat 45 minutes for two sandwiches along with the rest of the place of starving people. Will never come back! They say they cater it would be scary to see how long they would take to get it to my office!
