5 Waitrose is definitely more expensive than the other grocery stores, but since its the closest to me, I'm in there almost every day. I don't do my main grocery shopping with them, but if I'm shopping for anything that can fit in a bag or two, then I'm off to Waitrose.  I have to admit, it does seem like their prices are getting lower; or everyone else is getting more expensive. I'll have to look into that. hehe  I've been a regular with them since they opened a few years ago, and have nothing bad to report at all. The staff are extremely kind, helpful, friendly and always up for a small chat here and there. Any issues at all are dealt with immediately. Not that I can think of any issues I've had with them. :-)  They have quality food thats always in stock and I think maybe once in the past few years they ran out of something I was looking for....popcorn seeds. hehe They also bring in new food items regularly, so there is always something new to fill our bellies with.  Because of my growing boys, this Waitrose branch has become a second home for me, and I'd recommend them to anyone. :-)
5 This is it! It's worth the trek by bike or by bus across town to the Comley Bank Waitrose. I fell in love with Waitrose when living in London and found that their meat and vegetables are of such high quality compared to competitors. I try to make my Waitrose pilgrimage every week or two to check out the deals and stock up on good meat, spinach, etc.   I have previously found that many things are red-tagged and reduced price when they're about to reach their end of display date, but they are perfectly fine, and this Waitrose tends to have a lot of great deals.   Although the perception is that Waitrose is expensive, many things are priced to mach Tescos and Sainsbury's. The meats at all three can be 3 for £10, but Waitrose wins out on quality and taste. The fresh baby spinach is also fantastic and silky and the pizzas are so much better than the other stores' ones! There is a fantastic cheese selection and the bakery section is also great. Although this store is on the complete other side of town from where I live, it is worth the trip!
4 I do love a good grocery store. This is the largest and nicest one that I've come across in this part of the city so far. It has a bit of an upscale feel to it, with some attention paid to aesthetics and packaging. It's no Whole Foods, but it will do. Nice cheese counter, bakery section, wine selection.   I would have hoped for a little better from the produce section, but I suppose I need to adjust my expectations to the local climate and season.
3 I used to be a MASSIVE fan of waitrose. I would come here for all my foody delights, be it for a beautiful tart, fresh vegetables, or good veggie food.  Recently, I have worked out that a lot of it is just good marketing. Like Waitrose, marks and spencers also sells itself as being a slightly more upmarket, luxurious brand. This really rings true when one tries their ready meals, which are superb in comparison to Tesco. That said, I'm not a big one for ready meals, so let's take a look at some of the other fresh produce:  Fruit and vegetables: Good selection, a few slightly more exotic options like pak choi and enoki mushrooms. They also often sell blood oranges. These options are expensive though, and dare I say it, inferior to the ones at lidls.   Bakery: Wonderful fresh French bread and croissants. Not so wonderful cakes. Had many cakes here which tasted either dry/stale or just very creamy without much real substance. The cookies at sainsburies are 10 times better. They do stock some good pre-made cakes though, like honeybuns gluten free brownies.   Store cupboard: Lots of exciting sauces to suit every cuisine: Thai, Japanese, Italian. Biscuits from around the world, including amaretti and Spanish tortas. The prices are pretty steep though.  Fridge: A few vegetarian options, mainly overpriced. Many delicious juices and smoothies, great looking desserts, from spotted dick and custard to French macaroons. Again, the prices aren't so great. There is a good selection of yogurts and cheeses, again though, these can be found elsewhere for a much better price tag. It is worth getting the fresh pasta here though, fantastic options including pumpkin ravioli and gluten free chickpea pasta. If you have to get a ready meal, go for the chana masala, it is admittedly delicious...  Freezer: Some delicious ice cream options from time to time, vegetarian options, a few novelties like frozen ravioli.  What I like: Lots of variety, very continental. A few exotic things which are hard to get like guarana Antarctica, good selection of wines. Yummy desserts and good quality fruit. One of the only places to buy marsala wine and polenta.  What I don't like: Very overpriced, sneaky marketing skills which make you feel like you're getting something better here, as evidenced by the price tag.  Foodies could quite easily get overwhelmed here and end up spending a load on stuff that could be bought elsewhere. I know, because I used to be one of them.
4 They have got those brands that you cannot get anywhere else. As of late they do try to compete with the former upmarket supermarkets like Sainsburys. It's known that Waitrose is synonymous with quality. Prices reflect this. I would not shop here for the daily shop or even the known brands. My recommendation is to get your exclusive brands or special flavours as that is what they do well. Wines, spirits, meats, juices and chocolates. As Tanja already said: "you get what you pay for". The fresh meat and fish counters are a delight to shop at. For good quality bargains choose the essentials range.
