5 First of all, this is his most current location (as of 2010).... there is another listing for his business on Sahara Ave. but he's since moved to this location on Russell.  I have been using Mr. van Reken's ("Randy") services for 2 tax seasons now and I have never had an easier, worry-free tax experience in my life. He's so pleasant, easy to talk to, very accomodating, and just incredibly professional overall. I just bought my house AFTER the tax season had passed, and he very willingly adjusted my taxes so I could get my new home buyer tax credit faster. I really feel that he gets all the nooks and crannies of your life so that he can get you as much refund as you are possibly due. As a single person with no kids (with the mortgage as a VERY recent small tax shelter) this helps greatly.   He has a beautiful office, an attentive receptionist who calls you 24 hours before to confirm your appointment, and he's willing to see clients even as early as 0830 in the morning. When he finishes your taxes, he hands you all the paperwork in a custom folder and they take all forms of payment (card, cash, etc.). Not to mention his office is RIGHT off the 215 & Russell- very easy to get to and very fast freeway access. I can't recommend him enough.
4 I agree with the previous review...very easy to get to.  I appreciated that Randy took me on time, was professional, friendly and worked on my taxes in 30 minutes!  I plan on coming back next year!  Highly recommend overing trying to fight your way through an HR Block type of tax prep place!
5 Thank you TAX MAN for your services! I was looking for someone to do my taxes and found the TM after searching on YELP :) If I'm still living in LV next year I'll be back to have him do this years taxes for me. He managed to gather all my info for 2010 and 2011 and filed both years for me.  I spent no more then 10 mins in his office and came back the next morning to sign off my papers and pay for his services. Highly recommended. Beautiful office, great location and pet friendly! My lil puppy Ebi sat in his office with me :) Great guy- professional and friendly! Very happy yelper here! -Miss Yelp 2012
5 Thank you for the AMAZING service! Randy van Reken is very knowledgeable & professional. Tina is Great too! I highly recommend going here!
5 Randy is simply the best.  Fast, brilliant, and truly professional.  He has helped with taxes and financial advice for more than 20 years.  In recent years my taxes and have become more complicated and Randy understands every nuance and outcome.  I could not recommend anyone more highly.  mark hug
5 The Tax Man is GREAT!  He is very professional, efficient, easy to work with and very knowledgeable.   My husband and I have always done our own taxes (TurboTax). We just moved to Vegas in 2012 and have a house we are renting out. We did not want to get hosed on taxes so I found "The Tax Man" here on Yelp and saw the good reviews, so gave him a shot. So happy we did. He was very helpful and thorough. Even got us some back taxes on some items we didn't know we could deduct in previous years. :)  I can't tell you if his prices are good, because I have nothing to compare it to. He is worth every dime in my book. Well and we get to write off the charges the following year. :) I can say he quoted an amount and it was a lot less in the end, less is good.   Almost forgot to mention the complementary coffee/tea and kids play room. Which really came in handy when I had to bring my kids with me.  Needless to say we are going back this year. HIGHLY recommend!  Thanks Randy!!
