5 Very yummy gelato...best part was that they had a larger than normal selection of sorbets.  We had tangerine pineapple and it was delicious!  It's in Paradise Valley mall, next to the food court.  They also have a punch card, so if you're a regular over this direction, get a punch card so you can get free gelato!
4 On the days when I pick up my daughter from North Phoenix, we typically go for ice cream of some sort. More often than not, we end up at Desert Ridge Mall, where we encounter Puro Gelato.  The selection is good, having at least 20 different flavors of gelato/sorbet. The portions are nice, as well. We never get more than a small (one scoop), though they do have four different sizes.  Compared to other gelatos I've sampled, Puro's is decent. It is definitely delicious. It's extremely light and fluffy...though, it's not as thick as some of the confections at other places we've sampled.  If you're at Desert Ridge and you're looking for a decent frozen treat, you should try Puro Gelato. It's by far the best option from which to choose at the mall.
3 This cute little Gelato stand is right before you enter the Food Court at Paradise Valley Mall. I think it's in that location on purpose, because what kid can resist looking past the Ice Cream.  This Gelato stand has all your necessary favorites as well as a few "exotic" flavors. All the flavors are clearly marked and it cold case is super clean. I was with a kid that wanted Vanilla and we shared, so didn't go on the limb there, However you can mess up vanilla. It tasted homemade with real vanilla flavor and non of the silly coloring.
3 I discovered gelato after moving here a year ago, and have had it from several places around the valley.  We tried Puro Gelato for its convenience to where we were at the time.  Overall, I feel it's pretty average as far as gelato goes.  What they had was good, but the selection was much smaller than several of the other places we've been to in the area.  They have the basics and a few specialty flavors.  Being in the food court it's also very noisy, and we had to repeat our order several times before they got it right.  It's not bad, but definitely not my favorite.
