1 Pathetic in every way. Customer service SUCKS!
4 After my review, I was contacted by the owner. He genuinely seemed to care about my poor experience. He invited me back to give them another chance to earn my business. I noticed that there had been some staff changes and that the service was much improved over past experiences. I have never had a problem with the quality of their work, just the staff. That now seems to be fixed and I will continue to frequent this location as long as good customer service prevails.
1 This was my first time visiting this cleaners, as we are new to the area. The employee rolled her eyes at me when I asked to pick up my suit coat because I did not bring my ticket. My last cleaners did not require this method of verification. A simple, polite explanation would have sufficed. Instead, she rather harshly told me I would need to sign "the book", as if I had failed and this was my first warning. I am very big on the customer experience, and this location has "failed" in my eyes, sorry! PS the suit coat was also not sufficiently cleaned.
2 I travel for a living so I need my dress shirts laundered and pressed. I had been going to a place in California where I worked long term and once that ended I had to find something near my home. I searched through those nearby and selected Careful Cleaners. I took my shirts in (19) with a coupon and had them laundered and pressed. They came back with some 6 in two different bags, 4 in one bag and 3 in one bag. The ones with 6 were a little crammed in but they were next day so hadn't been sitting for a while. I then had to drop off more (13) and asked that they limit the shirts to 4 to a bag. The lady insisted they NEVER put more than 4 to a bag but was seemed genuinely concerned. I didn't get to pick them up next day and had to wait until I returned from my trip. I returned a week later to pick up my shirts and they had 6 in one bag 4 in one bag and 3 in one bag. I just had to shake my head as the 6 were noticeably tight in their bag. Also while on my trip I noticed that the cuff button on one of my shirts had been shattered by the press. In the past when this happened the place I went would just pull it off and fix it when I sent it in for launder and press again. Not this place. They wanted to charge me the $2 to take the extra button off my shirt and put it on replacing the button that was broken by them. That is almost as much as it costs to launder and press my shirt. When I asked, she just shrugged and hinted toward the sign that they aren't liable for any damage to the shirt. Who knows what they would say if they did something to actually damage the shirt that couldn't be repaired. I'll find somewhere else that appreciates my business as I'll be doing this for a while and surely it's worth a small token of showing you want a customer.
2 I live close by and need to have about 8 my professional shirts cleaned a few times a month. For the first couple months or so everything went fine. Soon after I noticed that one of my white collared/cuffed shirts came back with what looked like blue ink on the cuffs. They had no problem redoing it but when it came back it was still the same. They once again tried to redo it to no avail. The owner (at another location) took it and tried his best to clean it. After over a month he ended up giving store credit for it. All was forgiven for the most part but now I have a grease mark on another shirt that wasn't there and don't want to deal with another month of cleaning.   On top of that they newest employee is extremely rude and should not be dealing with customers. She's slow to greet and always acts like I'm bothering her. Not to be petty but she even made a very young child return her pen before writing a ticket instead of use another because "it's my favorite and don't want it walking off". Just rude
