5 RE: Residential Glass Replacement  These guys are EFFICIENT and ON TIME which gets 5 stars in my book.  The upstairs glass part of the window (big one) had a huge crack in it... so... *gulp* (b/c I know it's going to be pricey)... needed to replace it before something horrible happened like it cracked all the way through and started to leak (if it rained) which would be bad.  Anyways....I called and sent an e-mail to get an estimate... they called me back the next day to set up an appt.  They measured it and naturally... it had to be a custom size (everything in this damn house has to be custom ordered because the builders were foolios...anyways...).... they ordered it and it was ready in a couple days just like they said.    Took a team of guys to carry the window up the stairs and then manuever it into place... they removed and took away the broken window, installed the new window, and cleaned it so it sparkles.  The install took maybe 30-40 minutes.  If I have any more windows break... I really hope not... but if it happens... I'll give them a call again.
5 I had a Large Mirror detaching in a newer home built by Centex/Pulte. I called Fast Glass and scheduled an appointment based on high reviews from a consumer paid review site. Tony came out to reinstall the Mirror. He said that there was a possibility the mirror could break and it would be $ 300.00 to replace it. Fortunate it did not break and when it was removed we saw the builder did not put any screws in the holding strip and only laid it on top of the cabinet and put some glue on the mirror and threw it up there. Tony worked to attach the cabinet back to the wall - placed screws in the holding strip - used a super strong glue on the back of the mirror and then put holding clamps on top of the mirror or a triple hold. The service was quick, Clean, Professional and for the $ 150.00 quoted on the phone. I will use them any time glass or mirror work is needed, this kind of service is rare for Las Vegas.
2 The service was quick but these guys charged $1000 for a job that took less than 90 mins and no material cost.  They called me at 8:30am to get into the building, left a message on my cell at 10am that said they were done.  They resat a window that was popping out.  Call around and get bids for your job before letting Fast Glass on Sandhill Rd do the job.
1 Terrible company... customer satisfaction is complete BS. Run the other way!
