4 I've only ever ordered lunch from here, so I can't review the interior of the restaurant. They offer a $7 lunch special that includes about 5-10 options that all include a soda; chicken fingers/wings and fries, foot-long philly cheese steak (or one made with chicken!), giant greek or caesar salad w/or w/out chicken, small pizza, etc.   I've ordered the philly and the greek salad lunch specials, and I've split one of their special pizzas that comes with shrimp. The philly is better than the average cheap pizza place, with lots of gooey cheese and veggies and meat all crammed into the bread. It's on a soft white bread that makes it ideal for ripping off a handful of deliciousness to gnaw on while attending to other tasks. The greek salad was HUGE, enough for 2 filling meals for me and was loaded with goodies; cucumbers, pepperonicinis, tomato, PITTED kalamata olives- nice because so many places use the ones with pits, chunks of feta, red onion slivers and lots of chicken. The specialty pizza was also delicious- it had a white sauce with spinach and a blend of cheese melded with well-handled shrimp. The shrimp actually tasted like real shrimp and weren't over or undercooked, so that was hugely impressive from a place that's mainly billed for pizza. The crust wasn't particularly memorable, but it wasn't bad (because bad would be memorable, right?).   The delivery was expedient, probably only about a half hour or so of wait time for a shop just off Spring Mountain and the strip. I'll be ordering from here again and will update when I've tried more items!
2 We ordered for takeout and it took forever during non-peak hours and they screwed up our order. My boyfriend ordered the Philly Cheesesteak pizza but they gave him the sub, because it took so long, we didn't bother complaining. We also ordered a pepperoni mushroom and olive pizza. The sub was good but the pizza quality was just a step above frozen pizza quality. The mushrooms were canned not fresh and the crust was kind of greasy. We picked it because of it being close to the Rio and the other Yelp reviews, but we'd have been better off ordering from Pizza Hut or Domino's.
4 This place is new, so not alot of customers yet. The food is great, and they have awesome prices... this place will be in frequent rotation for sure :) It is very clean too.
1 I can say enough about this place. I first learned about Apollos from a flyer I received at my office, and it has become a regular rotation in the week for my whole crew to eat from Apollos. Between the 4 of us we have ordered just about everything on the menu, and have yet to have anything but delicious, fresh food... including the pizza. The best part is they really have a large variety of food... you get your normal pizzeria menu with all the things that you usually expect, but they also have Greek food, all of which is phenomenal. And let me just state, probably one of the best Stromboli's I've ever had. And to top it off, it's run by a very awesome family. The service is great, the food is great. A true rare gem to find in Vegas.  01/10/2014  I've had my final straw with Apollo's. This place used to be soooooo awesome, as mentioned in my previous review, but since ownership has changed hands, there's been a rapid decline in customer service as well as quality of food. The woman that answers the phone and runs the front counter is argumentative and rude (& is the owners wife, as I found out today), and today marks the 5th time in a row that they have screwed up my food. I am done. It really is sad because the original owners of this place knew what good food was and how to take care of their customers.
3 Ordered delivery on a Thursday night and it took about an hour - right as scheduled. Started off with a $5 order of Mozarella sticks which were quite good, despite probably being frozen originally. Main course was Greek Spaghetti, which said was served with a meat sauce and feta cheese. Now, basically I can't really imagine that is true Greek style pasta. It was basically spaghetti with a thin layer of meat sauce topped with a thin layer of cheese and then the feta came on the side. I ended up adding the feta to my salad (included) and putting a few cubes on my garlic bread that was also included. Most versions of Greek spaghetti incude olive oil and butter and feta. On well, there was a delivery fee and they have a large menu, but heartburn is just dying down now. It was a big portion though.
1 Twice...I repeat TWICE we ordered from this place and that's it. The first time we called and ordered pizza and a 2 liter of Diet Coke. When it arrived they had the generic Diet Rite!!! Wtf!!!! What kind of cheap place substitutes out the 2 liter of soda when they charge $3/bottle!!!  The next visit we specifically ask what brands of soda they had and they said Pepsi. So we ordered a 2 liter of Pepsi.  Super simple request that I've never had a problem with anywhere else. When the pizza comes they bring us some Pepsi X DRAGONFRUIT FLAVORED PEPSI!!!!! WHAT THE HELL?!??! All I want is Pepsi. Regular freaking normal simple everyday PEPSI!!!! Anyways... The pizza is mediocre at best. Not worthy of a review on its own. The wings are probably the only part of the order that deserve any recognition (that recognition is a1-star). Never again will I order from here. It's get my stamp!  DO             NOT              EAT             AT                 APOLLO'S!!!!!!!!!!!
5 Awesome food, awesome service, family owned and it shows, quick delivery and great price....what more could u ask for?  Thanks Anna!
1 Ordered a burger and diet pepsi from here. First time I've ordered, and the last.. one hour and fifteen minutes later my sort of warm burger arrived as I am calling to cancel the order. I took the food and payed the man who stated they just had to fire a driver. As stated, the burger was warm at best and not very good.  With delivery time and the food quality, I would not order from here again.
4 My office ordered from here today for the first time. I must say we all were pleasantly surprised. We ordered a Philly cheese steak, Gyro, and Chicken sub. the food came with drinks and the sandwiches with fries. Our food was hot, delicious and only 24 bucks for the 3 of us. My Philly steak was WAY better than POPS Philly's on Decatur.  I know We will be ordering from here again.  **Only down fall the delivery took about an hour. Hopefully it will be faster next time!
1 So far not impressed. Ordered food and was quoted a 45 minute wait time. It's been 1 hour and 15 minutes and my food still isn't here!! If the foods amazing maybe it will make up for it. We will see!
1 I used to LOOOVE this place i ordered from here all of the time, I recommended it to everyone i knew, then one day I ordered a Stromboli, i got it an the dough was still raw, the cheese was still in shredded form and still cold, I call that night to complain and they were closed, I call the following morning a lady told me that they didnt  do anything wrong and told me she would call me back, she did not take down my name or my phone number, I called her 6 hours later since she never called me back, i again explained the situation to her, she told me i was wrong an that there is never anything wrong with there Stromboli, so in essence is calling me a liar. I told her i would like my money back, she said that  "she cant do that"  she said she could give a a 14" free pizza.  Which is NOT what i paid for a 16" Stromboli  + the delivery fee. I said fine, she proceeded to ask me what i wanted on the pizza and take my address, then, I said " I dont understand why I just cant get my money back?" She then  yelled and said that she is not going to to send me anything and that she is not goign to give me my money back, and hung up on me.  I called back, it wrang twice and she picked up the phone and hung up on me again with out saying a word, I called a 3rd time and she put the Pizza delivery driver on the phone. He said shes on the phone, I could hear her yelling in the background in whatever language she speaks, So i said no shes not I can hear her yelling in the back, So he says "sorry she doesn really speak English and she messes up orders all the time and she just gets mad" WTF kind of place is this lol. Any who I told the guys what happened and he said "Shes telling me to hang up now" Poor guy. Long story short I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACE EVER AGAIN, I HAVE BEEN A LOYAL CUSTOMER FOR 2 YEARS and they cant even give me $16  for the food THEY MESSED UP  horrible customer service, horrible way of running a business. If your customers tell you, you did something wrong you FIX IT not yell at them hang up and call them a Liar.
1 I saw this flyer as I dragged myself into my hotel room after a long road trip and a starving family. $20 for a 2 topping large 12 wings and a 2 litter of Coke? what a deal! Then it came and my exuberance from finding a great deal turned into self-pity for getting tricked. 1. The dough/crust tasted sour doughy/rotten.. 2. they used CANNED mushrooms. 3. The cheese didnt stretch nor taste/look like real cheese! The places has all kinds of ewww going on so stay away. Like I said, I found it under my hotel room door. I think they prey on folks from out of town (one time  customers) without internet access to check the reviews. No way  this place has repeat customers.
1 This place is very unprofessional. I do NOT recommend this place to anyone. They came into to my work and dropped off flyers to give out to customers so a few of my  co-workers and I bought a pepperoni and bacon pizza, 1 L of soda and 12 wings. It took them an hour to 45 minutes to deliver it to us and when we got it they gave us a buffalo and Jalapeño pizza with 12 chicken fingers so we called them back and they said "that is our fault keep that order and we will bring you yours with no charge". After another hour wait another delivery driver came with only the pizza and demanding the other pizza back even after they said to keep it, he said we were lying and called his boss. After 5 minutes of talking to her he started yelling on the phone to her and calling her a bitch in front of our customers. So after all that we just gave him the pizza (we ate 2 slices and he still said he needed it back). After another 2 hours another guy came back with the pizza that we didn't want saying that we had to pay for it and pay for another set of wings. After arguing with us for a good 10 minutes, in fount of our customers again, we asked him to step out. Needless to say their communication is very poor and I will never eat there again.
1 This place is freaking ridiculous! I call and place my order and they said it'll take 45 mins to an hour, ok fine I can wait. The food gets here the driver is in a rush and drops the pizza and leaves. I check my food and it's the  WRONG order! I ordered a pepperoni and bacon pizza, with 12 chicken wings, and 3 cups of ranch. I got a chicken and jalapeño pizza, 12 chicken tenders and 1 ranch. I called the driver to tell him and he got mad at me and said I ordered it wrong and was very adamant that it was my fault. He hangs up, calls the pizza place and calls back and says o it was my mistake keep that pizza I'll bring you another one. Ok so I'm happy and I'm waiting, a new driver comes in with the new pizza and we check it and it's correct, but then he goes I need the other one. I was like no he said to keep it, he then goes we need to take that pizza back to who it's supposed to go to. I then proceed to tell him we ate a slice from it and he gets angry calls his manager Cynthia to tell her and she calls my phone angry screaming why we kept and ate that pizza. I hung up on her and gave him back the pizza and he left angry with it. They are disgusting and have the worst service ever!
1 Why can't we give negative stars? This place would earn the most if we could trust me. They shorted us on our order and when we called to let them know, they got all rude and even tried charging us for food we had already paid for and hadn't received. Your money is better spent buying microwaveable pizza, that way you aren't disappointed, it's inexpensive, and no one will be rude to you!
5 Hidden on of the corner at  Valley view and sirius. Great pizza, they have everything!! The Lady that helped us was very sweet. Definitaley recommend, I will be posting some pics.
