1 Granted that they have just opened.  However, they have several other outlets around town, so there is no excuse really.  If you are up in the bustier ranges, skip this particular location.  They advertise that they go up to size 42DD, however, the selection is pathetic.  The young woman who was "helping" us, didn't even offer to measure my friend.  She just took my friend's word for the size.  Now, anyone who has ever shopped for a bra knows that different brands will fit differently - and this is supposed to be an upscale joint, right.  The girl who has "helping" my friend get going to answer the phone and was walking around with a phone to her ear while looking for bras.  Not classy.  Then, when my friend was trying on bras, she was off talking to another girl who was plopped on a seat in the back, apparently texting to pass the time.  I don't know if she was working, but she was not a pretty picture.  I finally intervened and ASKED THE BOZO CLERK to measure my friend.  We went from a 42 D to a 38 D - gee!  I finally gave up and just went in with my friend and helped her to fit her bra.  There used to be a magic bra fitter at Dillard's in Mesa who taught me everything about fitting a bra - and I thank her today for that.  The service was so low-rent.  It was not at all what I expected.  I have gotten more help at Wal-Mart for crying out loud.  The bra ended up costing 35 bucks - not unreasonable - in fact,  pretty darned inexpensive, as I was expecting more expensive wares.  But the whole experience was absolutely the pits.  I mentioned this location at my pilates class, and as it turned out, two other women had similar experiences.  One went out to Kirland Commons and said it was a much improved experience.  She, and I, would never waste our time at the Biltmore location.  We had to go over to the Hagen Daaz store and gaze at the chocolate to get over this disaster.
5 Nena was FANTASTIC!! The minute that I walked into "Soma Intimates" at the Biltmore Fashion Park, I received first class service until I walked out.    They do have a small selection of 42 D; however, I was satisfied with my purchases. Minimizers were comfortable, appealing, and the matching "no ride" panty was absolutely a CHARM!!  Personalized attention to exact measurements are key to comfortable intimate clothing, and I received all the services with a smile and special attention to comfort, and size.  Not sure what type of service one unhappy reviewer received at "Soma" in the Biltmore; however, I completely disagree with her review. EVERYONE was attentive and NO ONE was on a cell phone.  Thank you for the OUTSTANDING and ATTENTIVE service I received Nena! You're truly an asset to "Soma Intimates" and a true gem to those in need of first class customer service!! Thank you!
5 God forbid even something as simple as a bra size be standardized negating the necessity to be measured every time you go somewhere new.  But no.  It's always going to be a surprise.  Will you be a 32AA or a 36 D today?  And I cannot count the number of times (actually I can, it's 2) I have been told I measure a 32.  Maybe if your bra is made in the US, but anywhere else...that 32 really means 34 ,36, pick a freakin' number.  It's arbitrary.  Now that the rant is over, I can say I really did have a good experience at Soma.  The lady who helped me was fantastic, only I cannot remember her name because I am not so fantastic.  But once I proved to her I am not a 32, we were in business.  I received 100% of her attention.  So what if the store was empty.  Being the only customer in a restaurant doesn't always equal good service, does it?  She helped me find the right bra for a particular dress with minimal pain and suffering, at least on my end.  And to no surprise, I walked out with yet another size I have never purchased.  Also, a special thanks to my husband.  When trying on said dress, he offered this expert advice which led me to Soma in the first place..."I like the dress, but you need a different bra, a push-up would be good."  Thanks.
2 I love Soma, unfortunately for me, the Kierland store rans out of size Small really fast when they have their crazy sales.  So I decided to check out the store at the Biltmore.  Upon entering the store, the two clerks completely ignored me.  I didn't care because I knew what I wanted and headed straight to the sale rack.  They had a couple of the dresses and pjs I wanted in size small.  I grabbed them and headed to the register.  I told the woman that was up front that I was ready.  She started talking to the other sales clerk.  Then she asked me if someone was helping me, of course I said no and I was ready to pay.  She started ringing without even asking for my passport member #.  I shop at this store a lot, so I get an additional discount; I informed her, she needed to search for my number.  Finally we were about to be done when the phone rings and she decided to pick up at the first ring, I was waiting and waiting, until I told her I needed to have this rung since I had a spa appointment.  Wow,  I am trying to give you money, you should value your customers a little more.
5 Love the service I received from Nena who is obviously a bra expert. Been wearing the wrong bra size for years thanks to her help I am now fully supported :))   Would recommend to all my friends and family!!
