1 February 2013 my rental home had some water damage from an upstairs bath tub jacuzzi jet malfunctioning, and shooting water out of the tub and into the bathroom. I was called at night by the renters and immediately looked up companies that handle home water mitigation in Az. Disaster Restorations advertised they work with the home owners insurance and that in certain cases you don't have to even pay a deductible. My thought was, as long as they handle the insurance part, I'm happy paying a deductible. So D.R. Came out, assessed and started to mitigate. The following day my insurance company arrived (Travelers) and assessed. The insurance company did state that D.R. was going WAY overboard on fans and the mitigation. With everything happening, I never signed any contracts or paperwork with D.R. assuming as their website read and they told me on the phone, they work with the insurance company on billing. The water damage was actually not a huge deal. My insurance company also stated that for what D.R. was doing to dry the house out was unnecessary.  Within a week the drying was done and fans picked up.  My insurance company was anxious to release a check for the services based on what my representative viewed at the assessment and the "going rate" on a standard chart they use. A check was issued to me, the home owner, and I wrote a check to D.R. for the mitigation and drying, along with Travelers breakdown of everything. A few months later D. R. sent a bill. Up to this point, there was no bill or breakdown from D. R.. The bill that was mailed had a huge discrepancy. I sent it to Travelers and they actually went through and adjusted a few things that they were on "the fence" about, so an additional $1736.80 was issues and sent to D.R.. Now, over a year later I am being harrassed for more money. So far, both payments to D.R. has totaled $4.624.98. An amount that includes my $1000 deductible. The amount was more than fair on the part of Travelers. Now, D.R. wants $2396.05 more. They are thinking they are owed $7,021.03 total for service- when in fact Travelers assessed the mitigation and drying for a total of $4,624.98. Which was generous. Also note, there was no signed contracts or paperwork on my part, or my renter. I have answered these harassing emails with copies of the assessment from Travelers. Travelers told me that D.R. is using old "standards" which prices things higher than what the industry used for Feb 2013. Now, D.R. has collections calling me... Ummmm.... Not cool. From day 1 it was "work with insurance" and nothing ever was signed with D.R.. I truly believe they don't follow the industry standards or rules. A big "bait & switch" on their part. My insurance was more than generous & I paid my deductible. I want this nightmare to be over. I am being harassed. My suggestion is STAY AWAY.
5 I experienced some water damage from a leak in my master bathroom tub. My wife was extremely upset, as we had only recently moved into our home. I contacted Disaster Restoration on a whim, as they seemed to have a vast amount of experience dealing with this specific problem and I received their help immediately. They not only fixed the problem with the tub (which we found out was a typical problem with the type of cheap installation) but they restored the area of ceiling that was affected; you can't tell there was ever an issue!
