4 I boogied on in for a pre-grand opening lunch and was pleasantly surprised.   Often when a great little places branches out and goes in to the pseudo chain food business some flavor is lost, but not in this case.  For the launch party we had a special menu with limited options which meant i was forced to try something other than my usual favorites.   We started with the cheesey bread. Garlic bread covered in cheese, what is not to love with a side of marinara. If it were up to me this would get a bit of browning time under the salamander.  For my main I split a deep dish with mushrooms. It was pretty good very different than the usual thin crust I get. But be warned a deep dish takes 40 min plus to cook.  We also had a salad with fried onions on top, it had a sweet and spicy dressing that was very interesting, the hot fried onions on top did heat up the lettuce a bit so a chilled plate would be a good idea next time.  What does look great about this spot is over the original one is the ample parking and patio full of fire pits and places.  So go check it out I can assure you a few hundred others will be there, so be prepared to wait.
4 They have been teasing us for far to long with this site.  Sign up, Sign covered, build a unique Oregano's building and deny it's an Oregano's, then walla it's an Oregano's.  I am so glad to have this eating establishment close by.  The shops at Pecos Ranch are a needed addition to the area.  Eats: Meatball Sandwich w/ sweet potato fries - Hugh and delicious Big Rig Pasta - Delicious and spicy The Big Beefstro Salad - Even the small is hugh  Will get the Deep Pizza or lasagna next time when I have more time.
5 So happy to have Oregano's in Chandler!! It's a great location and outdoor seating was very pleasant. Good food and quick service!   Went today for lunch and the place was so packed (typical for Oregano's) that we could hardly find a parking place. The hostess told us the wait would be around 25 minutes, but we were seated within 15 minutes. Our server, Reno, was totally awesome and very attentive to our table.   I had the Picasso Salad, which is a favorite of mine! As with all the other Oregano's, the plates are huge portions and totally delicious! Especially the cookies!!
5 I have been waiting for months for this location to open.  Went the day after opening, waited about 10mins for a table. Servers very friendly, food was delicious.   They seems to open this new franchise pretty smoothly.  Only down side is the parking in this complex...had to park a ways away from the restaurant do to competition from the bar close by.
4 New location is closer to home Food and service are quite good like Gilbert. However NO PLACE is worth the rediculous wait times. 2 hrs for dine in or 90 min for TAKE OUT
5 Great place. I went there on the opening weekend and they had a waiting list. It did seem a little disorganized, people going this way, people going that way, I can't count that against them though. I am sure it will probably become a well oiled machine in the coming month or so. The one and only complaint I have is the wait for a pizza! There is a warning on the menu saying that there is a 40-60 minute wait for the pizza because it's hand made...really, an hour!? I love pizza and Uncle Bears, which is a 15 foot walk has equally as good of pizza when you consider that it's ready in 10 minutes. That said everyone was very nice.
4 Went in a couple weeks ago with my husband a little after lunch hour, so we were seated immediately.  Service was fast and friendly.   Food is good, but WAY too big (not always a bad thing).  I ordered the ribeye sandwich with waffle fries and a glass of wine. Had a great experience.   Patio was nice, but there were flies everywhere.  1 or 2, I get it it's outdoors, but when you see them swarming in and out and all around you it gets a little gross.  So, if that bothers you then I'd recommend sitting indoors.  Dining outdoors at night is better.
4 Food was good. Giant portions. The downside a very long wait almost 2hours total.
4 Great food as always,  love getting a free Pizzookie on your bday. Service is good, but felt like we had to ask for things instead of the server offering.  Overall great date night place and fun atmosphere.
5 No complaints here. Exceltional experience! Food is unbelievable, smiles on all the staff's faces, ambiance wonderful, it's a family-oriented restaurant.  I had the endless pasta bowl - so yummy!   MUST have the pizza cookie if you're going to do the experience right.  Love this business, recommended to friends in Chandler. Keep up the good work!  Was "a little" loud, but packing out the house that is too be expected  Oh, stopped by Sunday at noon and got right in. Blown away, as they can run up to 2 hour waits
5 Oregano's is the best!!  We have NEVER had a bad meal there, everything is delicious.  This place scores high on atmosphere, service AND food.  Love the patio seating for this time of year, need to get there early if you do like to dine outside, otherwise, there's a wait at the bar, if you're lucky enought to get a seat.  Try the guacamole and parmesan cheese crisp, this stuff is delicious, along with the shredded chicken caesar salad. My personal favorite is the whole wheat crust pizza's, soooo delicious. The wait staff (at any Oregano's) is always friendly and upbeat.  A+++++++
5 Oregano's is the Bomb  When I posted that I was going to Oregano's for the first time, the post above was one of several very positive recommendations so I was encouraged...and fortunately.  From the very beginning, the staff was very friendly and attentive.  I had their thin crust pizza with tomatoes on top (forgot the name) which was excellent... a big deal coming from a NY pizza snob. Then my guest and I shared a delicious, giant and warm chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream on top.  Our waitress was first class and even made sure our giant to go cups were filled to the top before we left.  I will be back with family, friends and business partners soon
3 Sat on the patio. Food and service were fine. A little too expensive. A pizza, kids meal, 4 sodas, salad, and two beers. Bill was $50. Add in the tip, and it's pretty expensive for a pizza dinner.
5 The hospitality here was overwhelming, everyone said hello, welcome or enjoy your meal. The server was fantastic and the other people who assisted were top notch. I will be back. Food was also great, huge servings and ton's of leftovers. Parking is a total challange...... We could walk here so maybe next time we can walk off part of the meal. Even leaving we got thank you for coming, have a great night or have a great weekend. WOW!
5 Hello Service,   i have been here before and got my zany ziti in 15-20min this time at 40min i had to take it to go!!     THE FOOD WAS GREAT
5 Stopped in for dinner on Friday May 20th, had about a 15 min wait for a table which really isn't bad for this place. The food was amazing! We opted for a few appetizers instead of a main dish. The stuffed mushrooms were HUGE, and very tasty. The calamari is good as well, no tenticles yeah. The Minestrumbo soup was good but a little spicy for me. And I love spicy! Hubby had the toasted ravioli and didn't care for them, said they were like cheese sticks. I can't wait to come back and try something new.  =)  Service was awesome , George was a sweetheart and so was his helper, I don't recall his name though.  Btw the have a limited bar, not a full one.
1 I live right behind  this establishment and refuse to eat there based on how I see the placed cleaned up. The trash they let pile up on the back of their patio is disgusting. Empty crushed pizza boxes just tossed out, tables and chairs haphazardly pushed aside. Makes me wonder how the food is handled.
5 Service great! Food great! Dessert great! GREAT! Honey mustard wings, margarita pizza and pizza cookie my favs
5 I've been a long time customer of Oregano's, so I was excited to see a new one open up near my house.  I'm happy to say the food is just as fabulous and my server Jordan was fantastic. Very funny and on top of her game!  If you're into a good sandwich then I'd recommend the Stuffed Turkey. The full size was enough for dinner and lunch the next day.
4 Great deep dish pizza, love it better than their thin!  Their pastas are great and overwhelming in size.  They have a great tap selection of beer at the bar worth checking out, just wish they had some TVs for sports fanatics at the bar.  The staff at the bar is friendly and enjoyable to talk about.  Always long waits after 5:30 most nights so plan accordingly.
5 I've been a fan of Oregano's since their original location in Old Town Scottsdale. They have done a great job adding locations. I've been to restaurants that struggle to duplicate the success. No so, the managers at Oregano's have their act together, including a full practice night of orders, acting customers, and creating great food before they open to the public.  Long live Oreganos. The thin crust Lawrence pizza is great, add sausage is you want some meat. The spinach broccoli pan pizza is amazing. The Pablo Picasso salad is a wonderful blend of a little spicy salsa and thin tortilla chips with chicken. You must try this salad. The place is good for kids, family, a night out, or the out of towners that come in. It's a must visit in Arizona. I've been lucky with the wait on Germann. If you go at a 7, prepare for a long wait and have a cocktail.
2 I do NOT like this place.  I think it is way too salty...especially the sausage.  The pizza is just so so to me.  I will not return because for the money, there are better places in the area.
3 Eh, I don't get what the big deal about this place is. All my friends say they love eating here and that it's the best Italian food around. I beg to differ. The food isn't bad, don't get me wrong. We ordered a thin-crust pizza (can't remember which, but it had some kind of white sauce) and it was okay, but definitely not the best. The deep-dish pizza takes so long to cook and we didn't think we'd make it till then, so we skirted away from that part of the menu. I don't know, maybe those pizzas are better. I'm willing to give this place another chance but for the price and hubbub, the food was just okay, the wait was long, and the noise level was ridiculous for a lunch hour. Even our waitress was a little annoying, I hate to say. She insisted on chatting with us before she took our order, and we were hungry! Only plus: the cookie/ice-cream dessert we had was hot and delicious. I'll go again if I ever get the urge to give it a second chance (or if I just want another pazookie), but as for entrees, I love Italian food, and I've had much better for around the same price.
2 I have to say we were disappointed.  We found out they had a thin crust pizza, and we were "yes!".  But the thin cheese pizza (which, in my opinion, is the best way to judge dough and sauce) had no flavor.  Really, you only tasted cheese.  Sauce had absolutely no flavor, and the dough was dough--brought nothing to the flavor of the pizza.  Now, I'll definitely say that a lot of people had stuff on their pizza--and perhaps that's how you're supposed order at this restaurant.  But a good pizza should stand on its own, and this one really didn't.  We had to add Oregano, parmesan, and salt just to give the pizza some flavor. We had the Calamari--they were strips rather than rings.  They were deep fried with a heavy batter, and the oil was likely old.  The batter came dark, the marinara was too thick, and the calamari itself tasted old.
4 So delicious! Its always packed but its definitely worth it. Great service and great food. Try adding roasted garlic to your pizza, it gives it a nice kick.
5 It's great
5 We went to dinner on Saturday night and had a 35 minute wait. Not bad for Oregano's.   The Good:  Roasted Garlic Chicken Lasagna - 5 Stars. Freaking phenomenal. I personally don't care for lasagna, but tried it after my husband started moaning over it. The best lasagna I've ever tried... I'll be getting this next time.   The Antipasto Thing - 5 Stars. Delicious. The Jr size is more than enough for two people to share.   Old-Fashioned Sangria - 4 Stars. Very tasty...   The Service - 5 Stars. Excellent... Jordan was a fabulous server. See more below on service.   The Bad:  Mardi Gras Chicken Melt - 1 Star. Nowhere in the description of this sandwich does it say that the chicken will be cold (not cool, COLD). When everything is steaming hot, the texture of cold chicken is unappealing and borderline inedible. I ate less than 1/4 of this sandwich before giving up. Plus, the description states it is "cajun" chicken. The chicken literally tasted like it had come out of a can - no flavoring.  Jordan (awesome server) asked if I wanted it boxed and I said no, thanks. I wasn't going to say anything, but she pressed and I gave in. She spoke with her manager and offered to bring me something else for dinner. I told her it was ok, I didn't need anything else. She insisted so I ended up taking a Veggie Wedgie home.   I would have given this visit four stars, but Jordan going above and beyond bumped the experience up to five stars.   We'll be back!
4 Awesome place to eat if you like Italian food!! I had 10 inch meatball sandwich which was absolutely huge.  You would have to use a fork and a knife to cut the sandwich down and eat it piece by piece.  People are friendly and awesome service.  :-)
1 I brought my mom here, she flew in from Idaho and her favorite place is Oreganos.  Was anxious to have dinner but things didn't go the way we expected.  The only reason that I am giving a one star is the service was terrible.  We have been coming to different locations of Oregano's for years and years and have never had bad service.  But this time things got kinda confused with the waitress I guess........apparently there was a mixup in regards to who was taking care of our table.  There was a managers meeting in the back and our waitress decided to take our table, but then had other employees bring us refills on drinks and our food.  Our waitress forgot about us, we were done for about 10 minutes and decided not to order the pizzookie (which is our favorite) because it would have taken another 15 minutes.  Such a bummer tonight, we will come back again just disappointed in the service.
4 The stuffed mushrooms are WONDERFUL! Location is too small, not enough seating and the atmosphere is very hectic...AS chains go it not bad and is reasonably priced for a quick meal, or a beer and some appetizers to watch a game.  This location has a great outdoor covered Patio/Bar which is great for Arizona during fall, winter and spring months!
5 Love the chicken chipotle pizza along with the stuffed pizzas.  There are at least three or four appetizers that are top notch as well.  This place is always crazy crowded, but the food is excellent.
1 Water was good.  But alas after 2hrs waiting for the food what can be said.  We started with a party of 10... then after 1hr we were 8... then 6 after 2hrs.  This was after multiple promises a table would come soon. Recommend you try another place.
4 Roasted Garlic Chicken Lasagna
4 Great lunch and good service. Nice to have an Oregano's in our 'hood..
3 Probably a 3.5 in reality.  Always a wait...best advice, get there before 530.    Food is good, but I've found it to be overly salty.
4 Went here for a work lunch (group of 9) and the hostess and the waitresses were very accomodating (given our size and needing to move tables once due to our growing group).  They got all our orders correct and I was happy that they were able to get my order correct as I was that 'pain-in-the-bum' customer that had the requests for 'no' this and 'no' that.  The Manager even came out to make sure that my order (with all the picky stuff) was correct - I was impressed with that, so kudos to the guy who manages that place!  The ambiance is nice and you can't go wrong with their food for lunch (minus the food coma you get afterwards).  I want to go back after I'm done with this allergy detox diet I'm doing and enjoy a nice big meatball sandwich!
5 Serious.... SP Fries.... Wings really, this place rocks
2 Clearly a very disappointing visit to Oregano's.    Always been a fan of this place, but the quality sure seems to be on the downward spiral.  The Beefstro Salad my ultimate favorite lacked dressing and not much beef i.e. totally lacked the zing.  The pasta was very average and the sausage was kept whole on the side, not mixed in and nothing special about the Chipolte Sauce.  In summary very average.  I could have gone to Trader Joe's got some of their fancy pasta sauce, pasta and sausage and replicated the same.  Sadly this place is now a hit and miss, as its not my second time that they have come up short.  While this chain is growing, keeping quality and service that made them a regular favorite is something that seems to be a challenge.
4 Very friendly service, AJ, our server, explained the menu very well to us since it was our first time in.  We wanted pasta but we will return again to try their pizza. The pasta was delicious, I got the baked ziti with meat sauce.  My only complaint is there should have been more meat in a meat sauce, it would have been better off to get extra meatballs on the side. AJ offered us a complimentary pizza cookie to go for our first time in and it was very tasty!! All in all,  a very pleasant experience, nice dinner, great atmosphere...the only drawback was the overzealous jazz music in the background.  Jazz seems to be their theme but it wasn't very fitting, it would have been better to have some Rat Pack goin on!
4 This was the first time for this location.  The location I go to most often has a history of bad service.  I'm happy to say that this location did not follow suit.    We went on a saturday evening...no wait to sit outside, was told 20-25 mins for indoor....indoor only turned out to be 10-15.  Everyone was friendly, service was good, and the food was very good....and at a fair price.  They serve traditional Italian dishes, a few Oreganos originals, and have awesome thin crust pizza!  They sport a full bar, so you can have your favorite beer, mixed drink, or wine to wash it all down.  All in all, a nice evening out to dinner.
4 Great place to eat with plenty of eye candy for guys...complete with shorts shorts and cute faces.  Now the food was good...i actually am on a diet...and it actually had some good choices: wedding soup and Margarita pizza. The soup was filled with pebble pasta, some meat and a big meat ball...complete with a cheese breadstick. The pizza is a thin crust and not bad at all....you have to eat the whole pizza to be full. Great ambience and has an outside patio. Thumbs up for Italian food
4 Oregano's is within walking distance to our house and so it's a weekly staple for us.  Surprisingly, we don't go for the pizza!  We go for the salads.  Yep, you can eat healthy here (although I must admit...the garlic cheese bread and pastas surrounding you will make it difficult and call your name, tempting you to order them or reach over and steal a bite of someone's food!).  I think we have actually only sat at a table one time.  We always scoot on up to the bar to eat.  No wait, friendly bartenders and fast service right there next to soooo many good beers on tap.  The Oregano's favorite is MY favorite salad.  I always get it with chicken.  Hubby likes the classic chicken ceasar salad.  Both are always made fresh and not sure what they do to the chicken, but it melts in your mouth and is soooo delicious.    Occasionally we will "splurge" and eat something outside the salad "zone".  If/when you do that, go for the garlic cheese bread with marinara sauce.  I could eat 10 of those in one sitting (even though it would be "carbocide" - hahahaaha!!).  The pizza is pretty good but I find it very salty.  The wings (on the appetizer menu) are also delicious and I love that all of them are drumsticks, so you never get ripped off with the little wings that other places seem to give you more of.  All drummies here!    Everyone here is friendly and it's a must go when in Chandler.  Keep up the good work, Oregano's.
4 Very good Chicago style deep dish pizza!  Good location south of Loop 202, excellent pizza, good service, & great atmosphere.  Don't be fooled by the menu, almost everything on the menu comes in large portions, especially the pizza since is so deeep dish. =)
5 We went tonight for dinner..this was our first time to any Oregano's.  The service was FANTASTIC and our food (Chicken Alfredo, dinner salad, and a thin crust pizza) was really good.  There was enough food that I didn't need to order a child's dinner for my son (In fact, we had enough leftover for lunch tomorrow).  We were immediately seated.  We chose to sit on the patio (there was plenty of room inside) which was fun but too many flies to make it totally enjoyable.  Next time we will sit inside.  My only negative would be that they put the bread sticks under the pasta of the Chicken Alfredo and that makes them too soggy ( I would serve on top or the side)  and it was a little pricy for casual dinning. Thanks for a great dinner!
2 Well this used to be my absolute favorite place BUT it seems as though now they have started to nickel/dime everything.  Went there tonight for dinner, ordered a bowl of pasta, which for some reason about 3 or 4 months ago they started putting way less marinara on.  Now we always ask for one tub extra marinara to get it back to the way it used to be.  Tonight they charged us 89 cents for it...really?  When I complained they wouldn't remove it from bill either.  You would think for all the people that settled for the lesser amount of sauce they could afford to give extra to those that want it.  To add to our disappointment the stuffed mushrooms appetizer gets smaller every time we order it.  The wait staff agrees when I point it out.  This place is expensive and it is good, but I'm really sick of not being taken care of as a customer.  This was my favorite place to eat in all of Phoenix, but trust me, I will think long and hard before coming back the next time.  It sucks too because I live within a mile.
5 Love Oregano's.  If you want great pizza, Calzone's and more, this is your place.  Always, always, delicious food.  The atmosphere is great and the servers are nice and quick.  It is so nice to have a great restaurant that you can depend on.
5 Ohhhregahhhhhhnohhhhhssss!  That's how the name should be on the front of this Oregano's because it's pure Chicago style pizza ecstasy up in here.  We tried this location today because we were TCB that took us to the Maricopa area.  In contrast to the Scottsdale locations, this spot is relatively new, great parking, and wasn't nearly as busy.  Arrived around noon and were seated immediately.  Everything was fresh and delicious, even tastier than Scottsdale - the iced tea is somehow better at this location too.
5 Usually $25 to $30 each with tip and one adult beverage each. This is upper end for us, but, you usually get a second meal each with left overs, so really half that price? Golden Wings, Pasta, Pizza, Pizzookie all are awesome! This place is packed all the time because it is so good, I always walk in the back door and just sit at the bar, much easier and much quicker. The bar gals are awesome, one even looks just like the girl from Smallville, (no perving! She's nice and a great waitress/bar tender). They have the Chick-Fil-A/In-N-Out Burger style service and greetings, I love that!! Although it is loud, it is still very comfortable, great crowd too, haven't yet ran into a jerk in this place, that's really cool. Parking is tough, its available but be prepared to walk a couple hundred yards.  Gotta try the Golden Wings, amazing!! Oh yeh, all the girls that work there are hot! Enjoy! I always do!
4 There was a lot of hype leading up to going to Oregano's... unfortunately it's not a mind blowing experience. It was a run of the mill place with above average food. Not necessarily impressed by anything, but nothing bad to say either.
3 The food is delicious but this place is probably not the best place to come if you only have an hour for lunch and don't want to feel rushed. Service was nice too, it was busy and took a bit for the food to come out. I'd go again.
4 Best CHAIN italian food in the neighborhood! The italian gold wings are deeeeelicious! I normally go for a salad or pasta for my meal! Cant go wrong!
1 Currently sitting on the patio. I have had to ask for whatever i needed.  Very poor service.  There were 3 servers then there were none. The food was mediocre at best and not a good value
3 I have been to a bunch of Oregano's around the city and i've never had much else to say besides that its an A-OK Italian Chain restaurant- emphasis on the Chain.   For what it is, I've always felt their menu options and flavors are pretty decent, nothing memorable in either direction. The good thing above this place is that it is structured to deal with larger parties and has a big patio which is great in Arizona about 9 months out of the year. This particular neighborhood really needs more food options so placing an Oregano's here was definitely a smart idea.  If Oregano's is reading (and I would encourage any dedicated manager to do so), I think there's a couple of rather simple improvements that they could implement right away. When it comes to the lunch hour rush, we have TONS of businesses nearby with employees that only have 40-50mins for a meal, so timing is key here. When my team and I went there a couple of days ago, it took a while to even get our orders in, and be able to pay. The food time wasn't long, it was getting the server to come over that posed difficulty. In terms of the menu, their list of food items is HUGE but their lunch specials are only 4 items that never rotate/change. I appreciate that their salads have a JR size available as it makes it cheaper and more accessible for lunch, but this would be great to see in the pasta or sandwich department too.  This time I ventured outside the salad world and ordered the only soup in their menu, the Italian Wedding Soup. At around $6 ($1.50 refills), it is a big plate of soup with a decent amount of baby meatballs and pasta. I would have loved to see more spinach there as it is only a 3 ingredient soup (meatball, pasta, spinach) and the vast majority of it was broth. The cheesy bread along side tasted alright but it was a little cold (i.e. not fresh).  My friend liked the spice level on his diablo pasta but the thin pizzas definitely looked carboard-y. Prices are a definitely on the upper limit for a chain restaurant that is all over the valley, but they seem to be justifying it with their over-sized portions.
5 We were first-timers a couple days ago. What a treat!  Music played from the patio on a perfect sunny day. Upon entering we were welcomed by warm staff.  Food was fast, hot--most of all:  delicious!!   We will be back.
3 Great atmosphere and customer service, food was okay. My family and I shared a stuffed deep dish pizza, my personal opinion, too much cheese. The pizza itself was decent but I guess after have deep dish in Chicago when I was new in the navy it's hard to find one that comes close. This one was an ok pizza I would recommend anyone to try this place out once and then decide for themselves.
4 I heard that the food was good, but the service was poor.  I'd have to say that lived up to expectations.  The server seemed like he didn't really like his job.  Not much personality, and really didn't take the time to give us suggestions or explain the menu when we said that was our first time there.  Not so much as a smile, or a "How you folks doing?", etc.  Just kinda dragged the atmosphere down.  I did find it cute that they had a small pizza tray and a hunk of dough there for my 15-month old son to play with.  It's safe for him to eat too, we made sure there weren't raw eggs in it.  We ordered the Dinner Salad, cheesy bread, and the Uncle Ray's 12" pan pizza.  Plenty of food for 4 people(probably could have done without the cheesy bread).  Salad was good.  Cheesy bread was okay, a little too cheesy for my taste, but  not bad.  The pizza was much better than I expected.  Crust was good, and the toppings were excellent with good overall flavor.  Definitely will go back for the pizza and salad.  They also have carry-out service, which may be a good alternative.  FYI, call ahead if you know you're ordering a pan pizza, unless you don't mind waiting 35 minutes for the pizza to cook.
1 The one star is for the restaurant experience.  The food is great! Order it to-go unless you want to spend a minimum of 2 hours at the restaurant during peak hours.   The wait is forever. They do not take reservations for groups smaller than 15.   The waitress forgot my kid's food and still charged for it. She also forgot my pizza cookie - but after being there for over 2 hours it wasn't worth the wait to ask her for it again.
4 The service can be hit or miss, but the food is always delicious at Oregano's.  They have some yummy appetizers, my favorites include the Guaca-Tony and the Toasted Raviolis.  My favorite pizza is the Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato.  Make sure to save room for dessert as the pizza cookie is a must!
4 Love this place! Their Big Ole Vedge sandwich is to DIE FOR. I'm on a low-carb diet, though and had to find other options. The Beefstro salad is also heavenly!  Like other reviewers have said, the service can be hit or miss, but the food is always spot-on and wonderful.. When it's good, it's great. We go on off-times to avoid a long wait and usually the service is awesome. I wouldn't even bother trying to go on a Friday or Saturday night, especially with impatient kids in tow.
3 Hit and miss on how good the food is and the service. Got a plain cheese pizza and it was the worst I have ever had. The fried ravioli is better than their other locations.
4 When deciding on a place to go to dinner for my birthday, I decided to go to one of my usual favorites: Oregano's. This time, instead of going to one of the two Tempe locations, we decided to head out to the Chandler location for a change of scenery.  Like all Oregano's there's a good vibrant atmosphere and the staff is always friendly. The inside was a a little cold for us so we decided to go sit on the patio. The bar tender greeted us and wished us a good meal as we were taken out to the patio and later wished us a good night as we left. The patio at the Chandler location is probably the biggest patio I've seen so far as far as Oregano's goes. Very wide spread with a fire pit in the middle for the winter and two high power mister fans running to keep us cool. Was nice to be able to enjoy the fresh air without being cramped or dying from the heat.  Our waitress AJ was extremely friendly and was very helpful when recommending drinks on the menu. Even though it was the day before her day off, she did a great job of checking in on us, making sure our drinks were filled, and even took the time to chat with us, all the while juggling the other five tables in the same fashion. So major kudos to her for how well she did.  For starters, the girl and I got drinks. Meagan got the red sangria and I got the D'Liscious Rootbeer Float. I'm not a big wine fan but the Sangria was very good. A nice blend of fruit and wine. Definitely had a kick but was blended very well. The rootbeer float was very good as well. A blend of rootbeer and rum it definitely had that rum taste I like without being overpowering so even Meg enjoyed it, who normally isn't a fan of these kind of drinks.  Along with the drinks we also got the Oregano's Favorite Salad. I'm glad we agreed to split a Jr. size because if we hadn't we wouldn't have had room for dinner. This salad is huge. The regular size can feed a family of seven. The Jr is big enough for three to four people to share. The Oregano's Favorite is very well named. It has a nice mix of ingredients and toppings, including raisins, giving it a slightly sweet taste. It's one of our favorite standbys when we go to any Oreganos.  For Dinner, we got another one of our favorites: The Big Rig Pasta. This pasta has got a great kick to it. Just spicy enough to be enjoyable without sacrificing flavor. We always get the Big Rig with the two spicy sausages. For three bucks more, I don't think I could find sausage this tasty and spicy. I recommend slicing them up into bite size pieces and mixing it in with the pasta. Always a great choice.  And as if that were not enough, AJ got us a Pizza Cookie for us after Meg let her know it was my birthday. We got the white chocolate macadamia nut cookie since is one of my favorites. In Meg's words, Don't know who's idea it was to make these, but they should be slapped for making everyone fat XD The damn thing is addictive and extremely tasty. And why wouldn't it be? Half baked jumbo cookie with three ice cream scoops on it? What's not to like? Should definitely be split with three or more people if you plan on finishing it (not like that stopped us).  All and all, it's always a good time coming to Oregano's, no matter the location.
5 We came for the pizza and left LOVING the salads and pastas, too!!  This place should be rated higher!!  I've tried 3 of the pasta dishes.  All were amazing!  Big Rigg  Pasta, their Alfredo After dark (think that's what it's called), and the lasagna were all Awesome!  The meatballs have great flavor, too!  My kids LOVE their pizza and ask to go there all the time.  The wait staff have always been great with the kids and accommodating!  We all love this place.
5 Delicious!!!!! I love their wings and salads! They have great customer service and good food. I do to-go al ot and call in my orders and I have never had a issue so far. I have dined in and had good experiences as well.
5 Always a great meal! Tried the Lady is a Scampi pasta dish on this occasion. Pretty good. Nice kick of spicy. Our hands down favorite is the Big Rig. Always enough food to split to save room for a Pazookie aka pizza cookie;) However, this time it was a little over cooked and they skimped on the cookie dough. Probably why it was over done. Still yummy though!
5 They have Chicago style deep dish pizza and garlic bread that is at least three feet long. How can you go wrong?
4 This pizza is amazing! We had the thin crust because I was trying to be sort of good and it was delicious! The número uno has great meat & veggies, throw on some jalapeños & artichokes and it's to due for! This may be my new go to pizza place! (:
4 I love Oregano's! Everything is big enough to share, they go above and beyond in service. The peanut butter dessert cookie is amazing!
5 My Dad owned an upscale pizzeria in Oregon and this pizza is better than his-and his was amazing- (sorry, Dad!)!! We got the Chicago style stuffed crust pepperoni/black olive pizza and it was the best pizza I have EVER had. Cool environment and decor, always seems to be busy, and we had great service. Will definitely be back to see try other things on the menu.
5 Oregano s contacted me and made this right.  I'm so glad they cared enough to earn our business back!
5 Awesome Clark Street Meat pizza with wonderful dinner salads to accompany it.  Ask for Taylor to serve you. She is as good a waitress as the food is. You won't leave disappointed. Like Arnold says, "I'll be back."
4 I visited Oregano's on a Friday evening for a date with my sweetheart. They were busy but we got seated within 10 minutes. They gave us a cute little table for two, outside right by a fire.  The food, OH MY GOD, was so amazing. We ordered the Oregano's big salad, thin crust number one-o pizza, and a chocolate chip cookie pizza. We throughly enjoyed EVERY bite of our meal. I had the house made italian dressing with my salad. It was a very big salad and was plenty to share.The pizza was very unique and the crust was so delicate. Not your typical pizza from someplace like Pizza Hut. The cookie pizza was TO DIE FOR!!!! I haven't stopped thinking about it since out visit.   The service was a little slow but it was dinner time on a Friday evening so I can't complain. We enjoyed the fire and romantic atmosphere which made the wait for our food not seem too bad.   Visit your local Oregano's! It will be your new favorite!
5 Love this place! All of the food is good but some of my favorites are the gold wings and bollo pasta and of course pizooki  (sure I'm spelling it wrong!). Service is always excellent. The only thing I've had that I wasn't a fan of was a sandwich because I didn't like the bread. Kid friendly too, they give kids a ball of dough to play with. The atmosphere is sort of loud and fun.
5 Who doesn't love Oreganos??!
4 This may be my favorite Oregano's location. Even better the ASU Oregano's and definitely trumps the Elliot one closer to our home.   Seriously, the food at Oregano's is consistently delicious no matter which one you go to. But the Germann and Dobson location serves up more than great food. We're talking customer service, here!   We came here on a Monday night back in July for Dude's birthday *cough, OLD MAN! cough*. Normally I love me some air conditioning; however, I had just took a shower and was fuh-reezing. Patio it is. Two high power mister fans out there.   Our server AJ was a total sweetheart even though it was her day before her weekend began. Suggested some great drinks to us, the D'Liscious Rootbear float for Dude, and Red Sangria for me.   I'm not a big rum girl, but Dude had to put his beverage on lockdown after I took a few sips! So good. You can skip the pizza cookie if you're so inclined and just get this as dessert.   We ordered one of our usuals, the Oregano's Favorite Salad (Jr. Size) and the Big Rig Pasta with Sausage. Plenty of spice! And apparently, they fly in the sausage from Chicago. That explains a few things.   To garner herself a nice tip, AJ hooked Dude up with a free white chocolate macadamia nut pizza cookie for his birthday. Half baked goodness! They're definitely meant for four people . . . But let's be honest, we weren't exactly "behaving" in the dietary sense that night.   Thanks for making it a great birthday, Oregano's and AJ!
5 My wife and i's favorite restaurant. All the oregano's have great food, but this particular location is our favorite , because of the people who work there.  They are the best. Best service, best attitude, and best management.
4 The pasta and salad dishes are packed with flavor and huge portions.  The pizza cookie is a delicious dessert as well.  It's one of the go to places when hungry for pasta
5 We love this place!  The hubby and I come every other week for lunch and split a heck of a slice and the Oreganos Favorite salad. They usually send us out the door with a huge to go drink, such a cheap thing that makes customers super happy.   As a family, we eat here at least once a month. The thin crust is our preference and it never disappoints. The kids always insist on the pazzookie which never lasts more than 2 minutes on the table.   It's one of our neighborhood joints and we love it!  You simply can't go wrong here...but be aware if you show up on a Friday or Saturday might be prepared to wait. It's not a huge place.
1 I usually love Oreganos...but today not so much. They changed the toasted raviolis and the new kind is not good. The service was mediocre only checked on us once in an hour and a half...just disappointed. And Oreganos needs to bring back the Veggie Wedgie.
4 Our family loves this place. Great food and atmosphere. The portions are huge, you will not be disappointed with amounts. The salads are large enough for multiple people, even their "side" salads! Pizza, wings, and sandwiches are delicious! One of our musts when we go is the Guac-a-Tony. Try it, you will love it!!
5 Went here for dinner at 6:30 on a Tuesday night and they were busy. They said 25 min wait but it turned out to only be a 5 min wait. Nice!! Service was awesome! Food was amazing!! It is a pizza place- OMG the pizza was amazing and soooooo yummy. BEWARE - HUGE serving sizes. Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!!
1 Good food, but its truly a shame how poor the service is. Waited outside for an hour and a half when the wait time was 45 minutes. Several parties that arrived after mine were taken in long before us. Piece of advice: make a reservation!
4 I defiantly enjoy this place. They do have a wait when you order the pan pizza, but make sure you order it when you get your drinks. The golden chicken wings are to die for!!
3 Love this place, however, they don't prepare food the way the other Oreganos do.  Easy enough to fix, I suppose.  My only real complaint about Oreganos is that the music is so loud, you have to shout to be heard across the table.
5 Oreganos! Let's be honest, anything less than 5 stars is an outright lie! I make a visit to this location maybe once a month or so and love every minute of the visit. My only "complaint" is no reflection on the establishment itself, just the parents in need of a refresher course on how to raise their children; unruly or running around the patio as if this was a playground, but again, this is on the parents...not Oreganos.  I'm not one to try new menu items, I tend to play it safe, but I recently transitioned from the Bollo Pasta to the Rigatoni and OMG! To DIE FOR! Dylan is a great server! We look forward to seeming him each time we visit!
4 We had dinner here and it was really a cute place.  Ordered a 'Chicago-style deep dish' pizza.  The crust was definitely NOT like the good Chicago pizzas that have cornmeal and oh-so-tender crusts (a la Lou Malnati's or Giordano's or Uno's). The guys from Oregano's need to make a field trip to Chi-Town to actually eat some of those awesome pizzas.  But, the Oregano's pizza was certainly tasty, and we had plenty to take home - it was actually better re-heated the next day. Service was pretty ok, but we were served by the bartender, who had to keep running back in forth from our table to the the mixology station.  It was tough to get his attention when we needed something, but he was very, very nice about it.
5 Mmmm Oregano's never ceases to amaze! The service is always quality, food is great and the pazooki, man oh man! I love going here to lunch or dinner and enjoying the uniquely decorated walls with memorabilia and old time decorations. Nothing to complain about in all of the times I have visited!
5 We looked to Yelp for dinner ideas while we were in Chandler during Spring Break. Best decision of the trip! The pizza was fantastic (love thin crust pizzas) and the salad was amazing. Everyone was happy and full when we left. So good!
4 Let me preface this review by saying that I absolutely HATE chain restaurants and I avoid them like the plague...The only reason why I started coming here was because they opened a new location within walking distance of my house and sometimes it's just convenient. With that being said, location alone is not enough to earn them my four star review, nor is it enough to keep me coming in as often as I do.   The food will not blow you away, but it is still VERY good and it is VERY consistent. (And reasonably priced)The chefs may not be geniuses, but they are experts when it comes to cooking the food that Oregano's offers. I've never ordered something and had it come out not the way I expected. (With the exception of having my calamari come out way too greasy on TWO occasions, but when you order something 4-6 times a month for over a year, you have to expect some mistakes)  As mentioned above, I come in quiet often...so often, in fact,  that I'm on a first name basis with the bartenders and some of the wait staff. The restaurant is going to be (very) busy regardless of what night you go in. Expect a long wait and expect your server to be very busy...Where they may lack in time, for the most part, they make up for it in kindness. (sometimes their kindness borderlines "cheesey", but that's neither here nor there) I've learned to bypass this wait, by heading straight to the bar area. Even on the busiest nights I can usually find a pair of seats...  Like I Said, the food is very good...I get the fried calamari every single time I go in and in my opinion, it is some of the best I've ever had. Tender and crispy without being too heavy. (Ask for a side of the lime Parmesan wing sauce for dipping along with the marinara it comes with) My other favorite appetizer is the Holy Guacamole'...If you're a Guac fan, I promise you will not be disappointed.   I've had everything on this menu and there's nothing I don't like...The wings are drumsticks only, sauced perfectly. The pizzas, each variety, are great and all of the pasta dishes will leave you satisfied. (Not blown away, but definitely satisfied)   I will say that the lasagna was better before when they'd bake it fresh, but it was an hour investment and you can barely tell the difference...
3 This review is for the heck of a slice pizza lunch special only...great for the price but it doesn't dazzle the taste buds. I ordered mine with mushrooms and black olives and it seemed like they just threw a few handfuls of each on and nuked it for ten seconds. Would help if they added a tiny bit of extra cheese after toppings and put it in the oven for a minute or so to really make all the toppings cohesive instead of just sitting on top.
4 Came here after doing some outdoor work nearby, and I never ate at the chain before. We arrived at the one o'clock hour and the place was still packed.   We ordered up the garlic lime wings and Clark's meat pizza, the 17 inch size. For three of us it was more than adequate and we had to box the leftovers.   The food quality was good and we enjoyed it a bunch. Service was good, considering how busy it was. The ambient atmosphere is enjoyable and I loved the swing jazz and the old time television shows on the monitor.   I would return.
5 A week ago was the first time I've ever eaten at Oregano's Pizza Bistro. It was so good that I came back 3 days later... on a business lunch of course.  The environment is somewhat noisy when this place gets busy but it is also somewhat cozy. Italian items line the walls and the theme is well done.  The customer service was great, at lunch time and during busy dinner hours. The wait time for food wasn't too bad, maybe 20 minutes, but when the food comes out, it's all worth it.  The food is just so good. Not much else to say about it. I tried the thin crust meat pizza and it was very good. The second time I went I tried the Baked Pasta in a bread bowl. I could only eat half because there was so much food.  Great place to eat. Call ahead and check the wait times though, they get busy at night.
5 Really liked this place! Had the garlic cheese bread which was delicious but adding their marinara made it out of this world. THE BEST sauce I've ever tasted. We then had their pan pizza and I'm not a big "pan" fan but again it was THE BEST--of course I believe the sauce made it so.  So, so good!
5 Best Chicago pizza and the chicken wings are all drumsticks. My wife and I used to travel back to Chicago every year and we still couldn't find Pizza as good as Oregano's. I have to admit though: they might be growing too fast, the service has been slow the last several visits, the food took along time and the pizza was soggy, but I still give them a 5 star review.
5 This is the place for me when it comes to Italian food.  My favored are deep dish pizza, and Alfredo the dark.  The food is very rich, flavorful and filling.  The ambiance is a little on the noisy side inside but nice outside in the fall or spring.   The only flaw I can find is that it might take a while to order but I've alway forget about this once I'm started eating.  I also recommend coming early if you want lunch because the line can be long sometime and some menu items are limited in quantity.
1 We got here at 7. Sat down at 730. Didn't get drink order till 720. Didn't get dinner order till 745. Didn't get dinner till 9:05. You tell me if they deserve a star. I know it's Saturday. But seriously? We were here for a bday, and no free appetizer for wait. Horrible service. Never coming back. And I don't complain this much normally.
4 Some of the best pizza in Arizona.  The pizza and garlic cheese bread are so good, I haven't tried much else there.  Prices are getting a bit high.  If they continue to raise prices, I may need to go elsewhere.
4 Guacatoni.. hummmm  The best.. Can be a little noisy and gets crowded early, but worth the wait (within reason). Service is very tentative and right there without being in the way.  can be a little rushed, so tell your staff you want a relaxed pace meal and they will go easy.  large portions to share or left overs for sure.  order appropriately.  will be back... often..
5 Oregano's is one of our favorite restaurants. The food is always top notch and the service is usually great too. For starters, their wings are some of the best in the valley and if you like guacamole, you'll love their Guacatony. If you get a salad you have to try the Pablo Picasso, but all of them are delicious. We usually get the Alfredo the Dark with chicken when we order pasta, but you can't go wrong with any of their pastas. I'm not a big fan of thin crust pizza, but theirs is tasty. We used to love the Pizza Cookie for dessert, but they haven't been as good since they switched to aluminum pans instead of the traditional cast iron. The cookie just doesn't bake the same in the aluminum.
