5 I had surgery November 2012 on my left ankle and 9 months later I still was struggling with scar tissue stiffness. Dr. Andrew Marone has been nothing short of miraculous with his A.R.T. Technique (active release technique) for soft tissue. I thought I would have to live with the discomfort of scar tissue for the rest of my life. After 7 treatments, 90% of the scar tissue is gone. I have had tendinitis in my lower legs and low back pain as well. Dr. Marone finds the trigger spots for the pain and applies a lot of pressure (hurts a lot during the release by the way) but is well worth the few seconds of pain for final relief of the chronic pain and scar tissue in my case. I can say that he truly cares about his patients too and how they are progressing. He also has been on time for his appointments. For all the above, I give him and his office the highest 5 star rating.
5 Drs. Andrew and Jennifer Marone are truly amazing chiropractors who specialize in ART, which stands for Active Release Technique. I am continually amazed by their skill and expertise in helping me relieve a myriad of symptoms related to my joint pain and dysfunction. They are not only compassionate, professional, experienced and overall fantastic people, but their skill, expertise and knowledge translate into outstanding results for their patients. Speaking from personal experience I am truly grateful to them for helping me overcome my chronic ankle, shoulder and hip pain. Since I started treatment with them, I have returned to my favorite hobbies and sports activities and I am able to enjoy them once again. Thank you, thank you, thank you - I cannot say thank you enough and I highly recommend them!
5 Love these guys! Not Only that they are amazing people, but they make you feel great after you leave them. The techniques they use are precise and they have you feeling like a new person!
5 Very professional and caring. I have had 3 appointments and I am seeing a difference in my pain level and my range of motion. If no one has been able to help you with your pain, give them at shot...you may be amazed! I will continue to see them with hope that I will keep improving.
