5 i get my nails done at this salon all the time and i absolutely love it. the staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is very laid back and relaxing! everyone leaves looking beautiful!
5 A nice atmosphere, very clean, The shampoo bowls ypu lay all the way back. Very relaxing! All of the stylists were friendly. My stylist gave me a great haircut, I will be returning in 4 weeks
5 Jocelyn truly enjoys what she does. It isn't a job to her. She wanted to give me a foot rub while under the drier and she gave me an amazing scalp massage when she washed my hair. The color came out beautiful and so did the cut. I live in Reno but I will definitely see her everytime I come to Vegas.
5 Cut and color with Jocelyn. She got the color perfect. I love my new "do".  I will recommend her to everyone.
1 This salon is a crap shoot.  The decor is strange in each part of the salon. All the stylist appear to rent a chair - each stylist is working for themselves.  They don't accept debit or credit cards - be prepared with cash or a check.  I called and said I was from out of town and needed a new stylist.  I was offered an appointment with Judy.  She didn't ask me what I wanted to do today - until we were at the wash bowl and she was washing my hair. I was honest with her and let her know I'd cut my own hair and needed it cut - not trimmed. She didn't cross check the cut at well - it was just trimmed again.  The salon smelled strongly of nail products and was unplesant. If you're following a stylist there - you may do ok - but I wouldn't recommend the salon to anyone.
4 Called today and got an appointment with Michelle within an hour.  I'm one of those people who never knows what to tell the stylist when they ask, "So what would you like to do with your hair?"  I must be the worst client!  Michelle was patient and gave great suggestions, answered all my questions, and gave me a very nice cut and style.  The salon itself was nice and clean, and a great atmosphere.  Those seats at the shampoo sinks are excellent!  Michelle said they were designed by a chiropractor.  No more hyperextending your neck to get into the sink - there's a headrest that keeps your neck straight and your upper body is lying flat.  Total added bonus!  Will continue coming back as long as I'm in the area.
1 I scheduled an appointment with Michelle last week. Unfortunately, she didn't bother showing up. She left a card saying I should reschedule. I felt like that was unprofessional and would have appreciated a call. She should have saved my number when I called or scheduled another hairstylist to help me. I was very unhappy with the level of professionalism.
5 called yesterday for an appointment on short notice and michelle got me in within a couple hours.  i really needed my roots done but if she had time, highlights, too??  she was AWESOME!!!  my husband commented that she did a better job than my regular lady back home.  my hair looks FABULOUS!   i am going to try and see her every trip we make to las vegas.   she was that good.
3 Bumping it down a star.  Left VM a while back with the stylist directly to schedule an appointment and she never got back to me.  Not sure if that's just poor follow-up skills or what but I don't like to work hard to schedule an appointment for anything.  There's just too many options out there.  If you want someone's business, you'll make it point to jot down the number and call back when you can...
1 Don't do it. Too many choices out there. Ad on Yelp says they accept credit/debit cards they even have a swipe machine at the alleged "Receptionist" desk. Called five days  in advance with the exact color formula I needed. Stylist who by the way never bothered to give me her name said she wanted me to come in for a consult and would call me back to schedule. NO call,I called. Naturally she was off, so i said well i have a job interview and really really need my hair done so I will be coming in at our scheduled appointment time in my phone message.  I will again text the formula that I need so you have it. Which I did. I show up NO ONE acknowledged me. I stood right at the counter for about 15 min, trust me, if I did not have a job interview the next day and did not desparately need my hair done, because lets face it what is harder than finding a new stylist after being happy and satisfied with the one you had. It's your hair! One of the first things people notice about you. I  would have just left but like I said I was desperate! So 15 min after my scheduled appt STILL no one acknowledged me I called her number, saw a stylist slide her phone to go to voice mail so I (correctly) assumed too coincidental must be her wait it out. I was there for FOUR hours. All I came for was root touch up and a TRIM. First we had to go to the (im serious) hairstylist supply store for the product which I told her verbally and in text days previous EXACTLY from my former stylist (in another states) had wrote down for me. She never bothered to pick up the colors!!  WHAT??? really? What if I had an appointment? Who has four hours to get their hair done? Now I am a patient person and understand sometimes life gets in the way but I could not have felt more like she could have cared less. She had much more important things to do  than my hair. On top of it all she chooses to tell me oh we only take cash after I have been there..who does not take cards?? I rarely carry anything more than petty cash, what for? Safer that way. It was just a really bizarre experience. I would also like to add an incredibly expensive experience for a mediocre at best job. The salon itself is a bit run down, no receptionist just weird all the way around. I will definitely not return. It's painful enough to have to find a new stylist then to find you have to continue your search and cross your fingers!!
5 I absolutely love this place!!! Deborah did an amazing job on my hair! I love her! And their hair care products are great!
5 My go to salon, i adore krissy! She's amazing! I come back to this place because of her! No more searchin for hair stylist, cuz i found her! She always gives u the best tips on taking care of your hair, i always come out of this salon feeling beautiful cuz of you krissy!!! Thanks!!!
