5 I was referred here by my primary care physician for neck and back pain.  I have gone to several doctors and specialists with no improvement until coming here.  Dr. Tom is extremely friendly and gives a true sense that he cares and wants to improve your life.  He always remembers things beyond what is in your chart, and makes you feel very comfortable.  The office is great because they are able to do pain relief procedures in house.  I have been coming here for about a year, and have had a great improvement with my severe neck/back pain.  For the first time in nearly 10 years I can see an end to the pain I had had.
1 This is the WORST doctors office I have ever been to! I have been a patient at TPC for over a year and boy can I tell you horrifying stories!! The staff doesn't care about you as a person, they have no regard for your time. I began as a patient at the Mesa office and the doctor (Dr. Tom) was so rude, had no bedside mannor and was very unpleasent to see.I found my blood preasure gets dangerously high just pulling into their parking lot. I made the decision to transfer to the Gilbert office. There Dr. Cooksy was awesome but I find the staff to be the issue. I once had an appointment at 1pm, I was called and advised the doctor was going on vacation and I had to come in early, at 11am. I agreed even though it now caused me to leave work 5 hours early instead of just 2. The doctor did not see me until 2pm - that's right 3 HOURS AFTER MY SCHEDULED APPOINTMENT TIME!!!! That's 3 additional hours of pay I missed out on just sitting there. Then at my last appointment I requested to see the actual doctor rather than a PA so I could get an actual plan in place rather than just here is your perscription. They moved my appointment and assured me it was booked with him. Today I showed up and guess what.... my appointment was NOT with the doctor and I AGAIN saw a PA. The office manager didn't seem to care as nothing was done to correct it. I was told I can come back in 2 weeks and pay another $50 co-pay just to chat with the doctor but then I'd have to come back again 2 weeks after that to get my scripts....? Does that make any sence? They screwed up but it costs me $50....? I have since called my primary doctor to get referred to another Pain Clinic, I feel dumb enough having delt with this for a year already. Be advised- you will regret going there.
1 First they make you click on a star to write a review even if they don't deserve one. Second this is the worst office I have delt with, The call center is a joke and have 0 professionalism. The office is filthy dirty and many people waiting and complaining. They told me to show up 30 minutes early to fill out paper work. After that before I saw the Dr. my total wait time was around 3 hours. I spoke with the Dr. about my complaints and he totally disregarded what I said as if his time was worth more than mine. Also he spent only a few minutes with me and treated me bad, because of my complaints that were totally la gite. Do not waist your time here. They charged me $280.00 for first time visit and spent less than 5 minutes with me. I called around and found several Dr's half this price and no wait with a clean caring office staff. I also would like to know why yelp is filtering messages that say they had bad experiences? So make sure to look under the filter reviews.
