5 Foster's Carpet Care is great!  We just moved into a new house and noticed a ripple in a couple of our rooms.  I usually call around for prices and service but I didn't need to.  The phone conversation from the start was positive and the price was right.  An appointment was set up and they showed up right on time or even a little early.    Fosters did a great job. They got in and out pretty quickly and our carpet looks great.  We thought it would take longer but not the case.  We are very pleased with Foster's staff and service and will definitely call them again when we have a need.
5 Fosters Carpet Care in the ONLY service we will use.  They show up when they are scheduled, their service people are polite and careful with our furniture and their customer service is awesome!  I recommend Fosters Carpet Care--the are the best. Mary G.
5 I started using Fosters many years ago when my toilet overflowed and soaked a lot of carpet.  It was brand new carpet, and the carpet company recommended them.  I was very happy with their timely response and results.  Since then, they have regularly cleaned our carpets yearly.
5 Fosters Carpet Care does an amazing job every time!  They clean our carpets at our home and both our stores, and we are always thrilled with their service.  They are quick, reliable, and leave our carpets looking new every time!
5 So I cannot say enough good about this carpet cleaning company!!  I moved to a Condo and had no idea they would be able to get the carpets cleaned.  Not only did they have portable equipment they did a better job than some of the "name brand" companies I used when I owned a home.
3 So my lease was up and we decided to stay one more year. We where told that we can get upgrades so we chose to get are carpets done because my daughter is  hard on carpet. I was excited to have a professional clean the  stains. What I got was the least cleaning possible. The guy  was done cleaning three rooms in  10 to 15 min and acted like he did not want to be there. I just don't understand if you clean carpets for a living wouldn't you take the time to check details and  check your work before you leave? He didn't ask me if I wanted the stains removed. My friend does carpets and I know they can remove most stains with red stain remover and a rag with an iron on top of the stains to remove them.
5 Fosters comes and cleans the carpeting in my store on a quarterly basis... They do a fantastic job and work quickly... They are able to remove spots that I couldn't get out with a Rug-doctor - plus I don't have to break my back doing it....
