5 Let's face it, the majority of Phoenix Area residents were not born here.  We were transplanted from somewhere else for a variety of reasons. Most of these transplants, of which I am one, originally hail from somewhere in the Mid-West. Myself from Illinois and Amy (my PhoenixBites colleague) from Oklahoma.  What we have gained in warm winters and sunshine all year we may have lost Granny's recipe for Chicken Noodles served over Mashed Potatoes or Aunt Bessie's heavily guarded recipe for Broasted Chicken. If you have been contemplating a move back to your roots, I am here to save you a little money on relocation fees!  Bobby C's Cafe has all of these great Mid-western classics and so many more. Bobby Carrillo and his Mother-In-Law, Claudia Titus (yes, you read that right!) opened the doors on the 5th of November of 2010 and have been enticing patrons with their fresh every morning Rainbow Donuts and small town classics.  Bobby was originally in the construction business and when the economy started to bottom out he realized that it was now or never to pursue his dream. He had always talked with his mother about opening up a Burro shop, and after she passed he realized that there's no sense waiting around for the "right opportunity", so he went for it.  Bobby C's Cafe is a culmination of old family favorites along with delicious breakfast burritos and they are always willing to hear from their customers.  They welcome menu suggestions as well as any other ideas you might have. One customer that frequents the cafe for his morning coffee and donut mentioned that they really preferred to have a coffee mug for their coffee as opposed to the standard Styrofoam cup. From that suggestion, Bobby and Claudia are working on a few ideas of how they can make that happen for their customers.  Little things like that, listening to what your customers likes and dislikes are, is a true testament to the level of care and service Bobby C's provides.  Did I mention the food?  Bobby C's uses only fresh ingredients with the majority of the menu items being made to order. On the morning of my visit I had a delightful Chorizo Breakfast Burrito.  I have a dirty secret - I have been known to frequent an establishment or to with 'Berto' somewhere in the name, just to get my breakfast burrito fix.  Often times with these burritos, you end up with a nice stream of red grease down your wrist.  No such situation at Bobby C's.  I can honestly say that I have never had such a light chorizo burrito.  It was full of flavor but not greasy - perfect.  I have to mention that I also had both of my boys in tow when I visited.  Both Bobby and Claudia were great with them. They were both very friendly and interacted with both boys.  As a mom, I really appreciate when people acknowledge my children and don't ignore them as a nuisance.   Chorizo Breakfast Burrito  Bobby C's Cafe is a great place to go for a donut or a full on breakfast. They are open Monday through Saturday from 6am to 2pm. They have a fair sized dining room, nothing fancy, but very comfortable. You won't find any meal combination, whether breakfast or lunch over $7.00.  (My chorizo burrito was only $3.99.)  It was delicious, but I have to say that while we were eating, I overheard another patron talking about how amazing their Fried Bologna sandwich was and I may have shed a tear. Their sandwich was topped with a fried egg, cheese and green chili.  I die.  Next time, Bobby and Claudia, next time!!  Make sure you call (623-587-4706) or check their Faceook business page to check on their weekly specials. They are located at 2040 W Deer Valley Road in Phoenix, 85027.  Bobby C's Café | 2040 W Deer Valley Road | Phoenix, AZ | 85027  Review by Taryn Jeffries, PhoenixBites Staff Writer http://phoenixbites.com/2011/02/22/comfort-food-cafe-style/
1 First time here, came for lunch and realize they serve many different meals at all times of day.  I only tried one of the lunch bowls and a small soda.  For $8.90 I'd not do it again.  It wasn't great but it wasn't inspiring either.  Rice, highly chopped chicken, jalapenos and a heavy sauce.  Again, they might have other foods which are worth it but I would not go back for one of the bowls.  Ever heard the saying "Jack of all trades, master of none".   Its a donut shop, its a deli, its a cafe, its a family restaurant, its an Asian fast food place...well, we found out differently  We were looking for something different for lunch so turned to Yelp and decided to try the "Ninja Bowl".  Then found there is no place with this name.  No street sign, no door marker legend, no mailbox.  Nothing.  We had to do some hunting and asking (I hate asking) and found out the truth.  There are four names on Yelp for the same address and same location: 1) Ninja Bowl http://www.yelp.com/biz/ninja-bowl-phoenix aka 2) Rainbow Donuts Bakery & Cafe http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-bakery-and-cafe-phoenix aka 3) Rainbow Donuts & Deli http://www.yelp.com/biz/rainbow-donuts-and-deli-phoenix aka 4) Bobby C's Cafe http://www.yelp.com/biz/bobby-cs-cafe-phoenix  All the same address, phone number and location.  I charged it on my Credit Card and it showed up on my bill as Bobby C's Cafe.  Had a terrible time finding it and while I only tried the Sizzling bowl the cost of $8.90 for rice, finely chopped chicken and gluten spicey sauce plus small soda doesn't warrant another visit.
4 Nice friendly breakfast and lunch place. Donuts, breakfast and lunch meals, etc. OK so its in a strange little mini mall, but the food pretty good and the staff is friendly and personable.  For $5, I got a very large egg burrito and a drink. I enjoyed it and would go back if in the neighborhood.
3 This is my second trip here.  The first was shortly after the current owner had bought it and several of the Rainbow donut / Ninja bowl signs and menus were still up.  I picked a breakfast sandwich from the menu and was informed they no longer had all the ingredients for that one and we went through the bread/meat/cheese options and he managed to make a pretty good sandwich.  I didn't care for the coffee.  At that time he mentioned within a week he would have the new menu put together.  Today I finally stopped in again and they have all the new signage and menus in place.  I ordered the breakfast plate and it was fine.    Real friendly owner.  He apparently has a bunch of regulars that wandered in and out while I was there.
5 This place is great! First time there was with my fiance and son. My son had a donut, I had the fried bologna sandwich, and my fiance had the chorizo burrito. Everything was great! The sandwich took me right back to my childhood and the chorizo burrito was the best I have had. The following weekend I came back with my son and got the burrito and he had a donut. Again, everything was very good. The service is perfect, Bobby is friendly and remembered us from before. My fiance went for donuts with our son and now tells us he wants to go see Bobby and get donuts almost daily. The place is cute and clean and feels very relaxed. I'm glad we decided to stop in instead of go to Dunkin Donuts down the street. The only thing that would make this place better would be if there were iced and blended coffee choices. I see this being a fairly regular weekend spot for us. And I can't wait to go in for a homemade meatball sandwich!
4 Homegrown mom n' pop shop.  The owners are SO friendly and they remember me every time I walk in, which isn't as often as I wish it was. :)  This place used to be the old Rainbow Donuts and the Ninja Bowl.  They still have the donuts, and yes, they still have the Ninja Bowls, which are the many forms of teriyaki chicken. (white meat, dark meat, white rice, brown rice, veggies, spicy... you name it)  They also do other random meals, like Philly Cheese Steak, and breakfast burritos.   I think it's quite charming... just know that it's tucked into this little industrial area.
5 Pizza steak for lunch today...ribeye sliced with homemade marinara. Mozzarella melted on top served on a toasted hoagie roll. Perfection!
5 Update time  I had an eggplant sauteed in olive oil and spices, served on a hoagie roll with 3 cheeses, and egg, lettuce, tomato and a sprinkle of salt and pepper. IT ROCKED  Bobby will customize anything you ask if he has the food to make it. JUST ASK.  No sides just plenty of sandwich.
5 I'm such a fan of mom and pop operations. This is near my work and I drove by it all the time thinking "I should go in there." I did a few days ago and do not regret it! The owner greeted me when I walked in and was very polite, chatting with me as though I was a real regular. I had an Italian sub and some chips and boy was it good! It was a lot of food for just one person and they made it with extra meat because I didn't want the veggies. SCORE! As I was eating my meal, the owner brought me out a doughnut to try. He moved about the shop while he wasn't making/taking orders and talked to the regulars and myself. It was quite a pleasant experience and I will absolutely be going back.  Thank you to Bobby C and the staff for helping make a crud day at work much better.
5 Funky little breakfast and lunch cafe with an ecclectic menu.  Some may say a jack of all trades masters none, but to know a little about everything is exactly the kind of knowledge a cafe "chef" should have.  Where else in the known universe can one indulge in a Rainbow Doughnut and breakfast burrito in the morning, then come back to the same place and not be able to decide if you want a pizzasteak sandwich, spicy Terriyaki chicken bowl, or fried bologna for lunch?  Awesome friendly service from Bobby, too. Yes, that's him. Say hello and make a special request.  If he has the food in the building, he'll cook it for you however you like!
2 My wife and I went to Bobby C's for breakfast this morning.  We had high expectations after reading the reviews.  Unfortunately, it was a big disappointment.  First of all, they had no donuts although they're advertised on their outdoor marque in large letters!  I ordered a fried egg on an English muffin, and my wife had an egg with ham on an English muffin.  We both had a cup of coffee.  The tab was an unbelievable $11.98.  Needless to say, we will not be going back.
2 This is a family run business that is clean and they truly care about customer service. Last time I was in there I had a Ninja Chicken Bowl which seems to be their specialty. It consists of mainly rice with chunks of chicken and A LOT of soy sauce. They owner asked me how I liked it and I said I didn't. So at least they care enough about the customer. But I just can't bring myself to come back. There wasn't another customer during the whole time I was at this place.
