5 Their $8.99 pizza deal is FANTASTIC.  A co-worker bought one of these for lunch, and I've been hooked since.  I've also tried their cheeseburger.   There's a bit of spice, combined with a tillamook cheddar, that is wonderful.  My wife loved the tiramisu.   This is not your average storefront pizza joint.  TRY IT, YOU'LL LIKE IT!!!
5 Very good service. Little bit out of the way. Great prices for the quantity of food served. Chessy garlic bread very good. Thick crust pizza good.
1 Very mediocre food and bad service. We got there around 8:45PM and it looked like it was about to close. When we went to order (we were dining in), the guy taking our order seemed to act as if I weren't standing right there waiting to order. After he realized I wasn't going away, he reluctantly took my order. I got the all meat pizza with garlic knots and wings. Pizza was ok, mostly because the cheese and salami were good. The meatball was just awful and almost ruined the pizza. Only lots of ranch and crushed pepper saved this one from complete failure. Wings were good but nothing special that I couldn't make myself at home with a bag of frozen Tyson wings and a bottle of Frank's hot sauce. Last but DEFINITELY least, the knots were totally burnt on the bottom! The guys working in the back didn't even wait for us to finish leaving the building before turning off the lights. With that said, I highly recommend you do not eat at this place unless you already got the Groupon like I did... In which case, just get it to carry out because the service is unacceptable.
5 I am staying at the Hampton Inn just around the corner from the Pizza Company. I walled over last night. It is located next to an old Las Vegas strip center (which contains the Village Pub with it's excellent fish and chips). Pizza Company makes pizza the old fashioned, New York, thin crust well done, good sauce way. The taste is fantastic and the prices better than reasonable.   My name is Tony so fuggedaboudit! Order from Pizza Company!
5 This place has great pizza and pasta.  The garlic knots are sooooooooo good.  The pizza has great taste and I love the thin crust.  We have tried almost all the items on the menu and have been happy with everything!  This is a must try pizza and pasta place.  I love the low cost lunch specials it really helps so I can go there more often.  The owner is super nice and the staff is always friendly.
4 This place is pretty unbeatable for lunch. Their lunch specials range from $3.49 up to $5.99. Today, I picked up a serving of their Spaghetti and Sausage Link special for $3.99. You get a good amount of spaghetti with a whole sausage link--some of it is thinly sliced with the remainder still being in whole sausage form. It also came with a couple of garlic knots on the side.  The sauce wasn't mind-blowing, but it was tasty enough. The sausage was well-cooked and had good flavor. They put a ton of sauce in my serving. I almost wish it had less sauce (or more pasta on the side to eat with it). The garlic knots served as a nice vessel for the extra sauce that was left over.  Overall, while not the absolute best spaghetti meal I've ever had, the $4 price point is the kicker. The taste to price ratio works in their favor.  Minor Update: I went back the next day and got the same lunch special. Strangely enough, it tasted even better, though the sauce was definitely on the greasy side. In any case, this solidifies their 4-star rating for me.
4 I went here because a friend recommended the place. Using 90210 iZigg services we got the free small cheese pizza offer. Since I was on that end of town I figured why not try it out! I'm all about free! SInce the place smelled amazing when we walked in I decided to be a good customer and also order the garlic knots. I had to laugh when the owner said he would be making them fresh, did we mind waiting 10 or 15 minutes? FRESH GARLIC KNOTS? OK, force me to wait!  The cheese pizza of course was finished before the knots, so we decided to sit there and eat it. Upon discovering just how YUMMY the pizza was I promptly went back to the counter and ordered a large pepperoni to go! No way was I going to drive nearly 30 miles back home and NOT have any pizza with me! A gentleman came in while we were waiting for the large pie and he ordered a SLICE! I did not even notice that they sold pizza by the slice, but my daughter says that's because I am old and won't wear my glasses! ANYWAY! He stood there eating his slice and when the owner asked if he would like to sit he said NO, I don't live anywhere near here and just come to eat this one slice! It's that good! (His words.)   Well, of course that made me happy! I was sure I would be glad I took that large pizza home with me! I must confess, even the next day, reheated pizza was delicious! The garlic knots could have used just a touch more gartlic for my taste and I didn't care for the marinara dipping sauce (too sweet) but the overall experience was worth it!  Highly recommend this place to anyone on the south end of town. We did also enjoy watching the planes land since we are right across the street from McCarran's runway!  I may not drive clear across the planet for this place, but anytime I am out south I will definitely stop in!  Oh and I almost forgot the prices were quite reasonable. Like I said earlier I am all about FREE and getting the large pepperoni for only $8.95 was a bargain!
3 Not bad. We went there while waiting to renew passport for our daughter. Food was pretty good, though not very fast (guess you can't be with fresh-made-from-scratch). Wings were tasty and the calamari was okay, but it was on greens which quickly got soggy and hence not very edible. (Don't recommend calamari to go...)  Their specialty seems to be delivery, but they do have places to sit (almost as if an after thought..."Hm. Guess we should put up a some tables and chairs to sit on...")  Guys were nice, but it seems that only one person takes orders and if he's on the phone, then you don't get helped. Kind of weird set up. Needs work on system for taking orders. They seem new at the restaurant business...  Food quality was good, but the "delivery" wasn't great (see comment about calamari above). Haven't tried pastas and such, but probably a good place to get food for football watching parties. Not a lot of sitting room for parties there.
5 I have been to this establishment numerous times. I have tried their pizza compared to others and I keep going back. The crust is amazing, chewy on the inside and a little crunchy on the outside. Just how I adore it. Their pizza with only mushrooms is my go to favorite. I also like the buffalo chicken.  I have not had a bad pie here. Joey and Victor are always in a good mood, kidding around, having fun. They like what they do. The atmosphere is always uplifting.  So I will continue to drive the 15 miles from my house to the Pizza Company to get my fix.
5 Using Eat24 we just received and ate our first "Delivery" from Pizza Company on Sunset, 89119. The whole family is sitting around with huge bellies and bulging eyes. The food was wonderful. Ordering on line through Eat24 was easy. There were places to ask for extras and change pasta. Our order arrived within the time period provided. Everything was hot and plentiful.   #1 16" Margarita Pizza with Pepperoni. We asked for well done. That is how it came with a topping of fresh mozzarella and basil. Luscious, with drippy cheese, and great spices.  #2 Sausage and Peppers.  The sausages had been saute'd prior to being put with the peppers and onions. They were sliced thin. Each fork full was sausage, peppers (red and green bell) and some onion. It was wonderful. Mixed in was Ziti and a great "juice" or sauce that was light and not "tomatoey".  #3 Spaghetti and Meatballs. Yup, four regular sized meatballs. They, like the sausage had been saute'd prior to going in the sauce. Thick tomato sauce and instead of spaghetti We asked for capellini. It was a wonderful meal split between two kids and one dog. We did order a couple extra meatballs to insure all three were happy.  #4 Chicken Parmesan with Capellini. I ordered the extra chicken by checking the box when I ordered. There was enough chicken to feed a school of piraña. I ate until full and there is still enough for a lunch tomorrow. The salads that came with the dinner were cool, crisp, and eye appealing. The italian and the Balsamic dressings were perfect for the salads and with our meals.  Garlic knots, dried pepper flakes and cheese for sprinkling were supplied for us all.  This meal was absolutely perfect. We will be ordering here again, and again, and again.  Pizza Company 2275 E. Sunset, 89119.
1 wow. this is the worst place I ever order food from. 1st the food came cold, & when spoke to the manager Joey he said - WE ARE TRYING OUR BEST,  then he insulted me, & was as unprofessional as a manager could be. He thinks making excusing & insulting people is part of saying sorry. I would tell everybody do not order from this place, as long as this guy is in charge. He is a joke of a mamager.
5 the owner Joey is a great guy as it gets! He takes pride in his ingredients and recipes! does what he can to charge good prices for good quality recipes! I haven't said no to almost anything there! the pizza seriously is new york style using the grande cheese! his sandwiches are excellent! still haven't had a chance to try his pasta since i always eat it at home haha, but i bet its great! Love his garlic knots as well! Its worth checking out and going back over and over!
3 So I've eaten pizza from Pizza Company several times at company luncheons and at home since they are conveniently a 5 minute walk away from my apartment.  I enjoy simple pepperoni pizza and its great when its hot. You can tell the mozzarella is fresh. The crust has a nice crunch sometimes. I do not like any of the pastas that have tomato sauce. That includes their chicken parmesan meal. The sauce is just way too acidic, it needs to be cut with some sugar and then might be lovely.  The only thing I'd probably buy again though is the chicken parmesan. The breaded chicken is really good. Again the sauce is too acidic and could use a nice touch of sugar. It is very nice that they make their food from scratch so that is something.  Customer service is nice as well. The staff is very energetic and friendly and the wait is usually about 10-15 minutes.
5 For the price and the fact that they delivered in the time stated was a great start.  To add to the value, I could get a small pizza since my husband prefers pasta and I hate that I have to order at least a 12" from other places and I throw half of it away.  All this being said, the food was very good and I would totally order from here again!!!
5 This is my FAVORITE pizza place in vegas. And when I saw it only had 3 and a half star, I created a yelp account to review them. The pizza is fantastic, always fresh and delicious. The staff is nice and remembers me and my friends even when we hadn't come in to eat for months. The food comes out pretty quick for being made on the spot and they have a lot of food items on their menu besides pizza. I definitely recommend this place to everyone.
5 I've dropped into The Pizza Company from time to time over the last year or two - always a wonderful experience.  I met a friend of mine here for lunch today.  I always enjoy my visits here, and marvel at the fact it isn't totally packed in here.  The owner is always there, and is always friendly and attentive.  They have a rockin' thin crust pizza here, that is among the best in Vegas, and their wings ARE THE BEST I've had in Vegas.  This is a small place, only 6 or 7 tables, but the atmosphere is very comfortable.  As a few of the tips say, you can subscribe to their text alerts and receive specials and promotions via text.  That's what I took advantage of today -  their Dinner for 2 (even though it was lunch): A large 2-topping pizza, 6 wings, and 6 garlic knots for $14.99 - this is a limited-time special, but they offer similar specials via text alert all the time.  The only minus is that I wish they offered fountain drinks instead of (or along with) canned and bottled drinks.  If this place was more convenient for me, I would be here all the time.  At any rate, it is well worth a drive across town to enjoy their food!
5 Visiting from Napa CA we stayed at La Quinta Inn. Lady at the desk suggested Pizza Company around the corner. We shared small cheese pizza, chicken Parmesan sandwich and sausage and pepper rustica. All made from scratch and you can tell. Nice folks and great value. You will not go away hungry but will be smiling!
5 This place is wicked awesome! I am from New York and am constantly on a good pizza hunt. I have been all over town and this place is in my top three. Add to it that I can't have milk/cheese as I'm allergic. Pizza Company has me covered! Their vegan pizza is to DIE for. They use Daiya cheese, which is a really well respected vegan alternative. My boyfriend and I also ordered the meatball sliders. Which were AMAZING. They come on sliced/toasted garlic knots. WHAT?!   My boyfriend also ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. He kept commenting that it wasn't a dish he would order in a restaurant since we are italian and often make it at home, but the meatballs were so fantastic he just had to try this staple italian dish. The food was incredible.  Please come here. We want  this restaurant a long and healthy life. Joey, the owner, is a gem and deserves much success.
5 BEST FOOD... I always go here it's amazing! Their prices are perfect too!!! If you do go here you will have to get a Cannoli!! Tastes like it is straight out of New York!
4 My family and I were looking for a new place to try pizza as we had pizza burn out from our usual spots. I found the Pizza Company here, through Yelp, and since it's not far from my house I decided to give it a try. We ordered online using Eat24 (I guess that's the only way unless you go to the actual store). It was super easy to order and pay and there was even a spot to leave a tip.  We ordered half pepperoni/olives and half sausage/mushrooms along with the meatball sliders since another reviewer said they were good.  The food came hot and was all around good. The pizza wasn't smothered in sauce, which I liked, and the meatball sliders were yummy. I would definitely eat here again.
4 Great little hole-in-the-wall pizza joint.  Great lunch deals and pizza is New York style thin and tasty.  Love to put a little oregano on it and fold.  Check out the $1 slice Monday lunch special!
3 I've been getting stuff from this joint maybe once or twice a month now over the past 3 months. The pizzas are still good (consistently) but I think their pastas are gross now. Chicken parmesan was a big miss with worst breaded flat chicken ever and their alfredo was wayyyyy too garlicky.  I love their chicken fingers and it's now my favorite thing to order.  I'm wondering how slow the business is because the ranch sauces I was given were  labeled "9/27" but it was definitely from 9/2 with the 7 added just today with a different pen. Not to mention it was pretty watery.
5 My family and I made this am every other Friday staple . we have had friends who are now regulars. Why you may ask? Well there pizza is incredible! The taste is great and ingredients are perfection! Its made to order and even taste good re heated the next day! The staff there is friendly and owner makes an effort to remember you and make conversation! When you walk in the atmosphere is cozy! They have spicy buffalo chicken breast that are really great and I eat those every time! There ranch is where its at, fresh, rich and delicious! Overall this is my favorite pizza joint in Las Vegas !
5 Best East Coast Pizza in Vegas by far! The service is fantastic, delivery is super quick and its easy to order online. Seriously order from this place, you wont be dissapointed! Love, The Jersey Girls
1 This is the WORST pizza ever!!! It gave my grandmother food poisoning and she had to be taken to the hospital.  These people NEVER getting business from us again and I'm going to tell people NOT to eat. They wouldn't even give us a refund.
4 We were staying at the nearby Hampton Inn and needed a place to eat that didn't require a car.  Fortunately, Pizza Company was just 3 blocks away.  We ordered their "unlimited pizza" which lets you pick any or all of their toppings.  A good deal and the pizza was made entirely from scratch. Nice crispy crust and a generous helping of toppings.  It was served piping hot from the oven.  We also ordered their Greek salad and it was loaded with kalamata olives and feta cheese. The owner and his helper were really friendly too.  Definitely worth visiting again.
1 so to say this place is horrible is the least I could do... This place is a mess! They have cockroaches big and small crawling all over the silverware so please beware what you eat with because that is so unsanitary. A couple of friends I work with got some coupons from them to get $5.00 complimentary meal. Second, they kept a girl I worked with's credit card on file... And charged her fifty dollars the day after she bought her food from there. Who does that? And on top of that they mess up your order and there are really rude. I would not recommend this place. How do you know you're not eating cockroach legs or shells in your pizza? Gross right?
5 This place is great! I mainly do delivery from them but their food is amazing!!!! I order off the vegan menu and love all of it! Currently I am munching on the vegan baked ziti! They went the extra mile and made me garlic knots that were also vegan! Amazing food and great customer service! Can't go wrong!!!
4 Been there once with hubby. We had vegan baked ziti and garden salad. It was very good and the staff was particularly pleasant.  Pros:  +vegan options including vegan pizza, veggie burger, and vegan baked ziti +reasonable prices  +friendly staff  Cons: -delivery zone must be small (we live close but aren't in the delivery zone) -hole in the wall location, no place to take a client or date -use paper plates, plastic forks, etc.
1 Considering I can't rate it on taste,  because it never arrived,  I rate it a one on customer service. I called at 8:26pm,  the person who took my order seemed hesitant,  I guess because they close at 9. However,  he took my order and told me it would take 24 minutes. Well it never showed up. No one tried called me and I called the restaurant multiple times. I'll never have the opportunity to try them,  they ruined the. experience for me.
5 First time to the Pizza Company while on a business trip on a Friday for the local Arms Gun show.  Had a 12" margherita pizza and had them add a few mushrooms (small up-charge on price), as well.  Noticed on the Yelp photos that the pizza were not "burnt"...so I knew to ask the staff to burn mine a bit.  Pizza is just not pizza unless you have some charring at the perimeter and the bottom of the crust.  It ads that burnt, smoked taste.  The crushed tomato sauce was excellent, fresh cheese and mushrooms are also excellent.  Basil is added the pizza comes out of the oven.  Pizza was great.  I did a take-out and walked the 2-3 minutes back to the nearby Hampton Inn.  Staff was very friendly and wanted to make sure they did it right.  Before my pizza was boxed, they had me look it over.  The place is quaint, smallish..but they have enough seating for 20+ folks.  Clean and charming and quiet enough to have friends and be able to hear to talk.  Also got a piece of their tiramisu cake...which was also very, very good.  I let it come to room temp. before eating it.  When back in Las Vegas, I will make the Pizza Co. my place for pizza cravings !
5 Went for the first time today for the Monday lunch special (99cent slice+drink) and the pizza was quite yummy. We threw in an order of garlic knots and polished them off with a smile. We dined in.  Yes, it's just a hole in the wall, no atmosphere, but we were in-and-out  in under half an hour. You can't beat that. We plan on trying a specialty pizza for dinner next time. Very nice staff.
3 Not bad at all. This is our first time here but we will be back. Glad to have a descent, local pizza place nearby. We had their spinach calzone, turkey club and buffalo chicken roll. I am anxious to try other stuff, especially their Vegan pizza. Atmosphere is a little make-shift but You should stop in and try it out. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5 Awesome selection of items. Love the Vegan options as well as delicious options for the meat eaters. Also love that Every time I visit here, the owner is right there cooking and doing everything like his workers. Great customer service and willing to customize ingredient variations.
5 Best vegan pizza in Vegas!! My favorite is vegan cheese topped with fresh garlic and pineapple... Cannot go wrong with that combination! Pizza Company makes it PERFECT, and with their tasty dough and sauce, they blow all the other places out of the water!!  The staff are always friendly, as well, and that's something that I really appreciate.
4 Our first order from Pizza Co. was a really good experience. Joey, the owner, answered the phone and was really pleasant taking our order. I drove over to pick it up rather than going the delivery route.  I ended up talking to Joey for about 10 minutes about his pizza shop and others in the Las Vegas area. He was very friendly, and down to earth, giving me several samples of different meatballs they offered.  I took home a sausage & mushroom pizza that we were very happy with. Cooked perfectly, good amount of toppings and good flavor. I wish it would've had slightly more sauce, and a little bit more sausage, but that won't stop us from ordering again.  Pizza Co's pricing is much more reasonable than many of their competitors and we look forward to trying some of their other offerings next time. Definitely recommended.
5 Always skeptical about new vegan places, but was extremely happy....  Our server was beyond friendly, helpful, and attentive...   We loved the pizza and the pasta.... 2 dishes had enough to share, and enough leftovers...  Definitely will come again soon!
5 Vegan pizza is hard to find and GOOD VEGAN PIZZA is even harder to find. & the Pizza Company has PHENOMENAL VEGAN PIZZA! The dough and the sauce and the cheese and the fresh veggies are extremely tasty! Also, the vegan garlic knots and the vegan baked ziti were also super yummy! So happy this place is down the street from me because I'm addicted!!!
5 Just discovered this place, but apparently they've been around for 3 years here in Vegas.  Warm, friendly, attentive service.  Pizza was excellent - I had a slice of sausage and a slice of pepperoni on the lunch special.  Crust was crispy, sauce had flavor but no acidic bite, pepperoni and sausage were flavorful but not overpoweringly spicy.  Plenty of all toppings.  Good pizza with good flavor, no flavors or spices overpowered any others - harmonious.  Great under-$5 lunch at a local joint.
