5 I am so happy with this service. No major repair thank goodness, but Patrick is really cool and personable, got here early and talked me through everything he did so I understood. Didn't try to sell me anything useless either!  Honest & Dependable!!
5 I lead a ministry in north central Phoenix.  We recently purchased a quadplex in which two of the units will be immediately occupied by a staff members serving in the area of Sunnyslope.  The units were rentals since they were built in 2005.  Our staffers have some sensitivities to smoke odor and it was fair in one and very, very bad in another.  We initially called to have the ducts cleaned in the bottom two units.  After I told Kristi the units were operated without air filters for years she also recommended we have the A/C coils inspected with the possibility of chemical cleaning.  Kristi scheduled them for the next day at 8am.  The next day they were there.... at 8am.  Not 30 minutes early or an hour late.  They were there when they said they were going to be!  ( I also understand a window of time is often needed).  We looked at the coils first.  To say they were NASTY is an understatement.  The smoke was literally CAKED on.  These units were likely not running with any kind of efficiency.    I agreed to have these cleaned.  It was going to be scheduled for later that day.  The air-duct cleaning / sanitizing went well and cleaned dirt and smoke.  We were in the processing of cleaning and painting the units and both technicians worked with us very well.  Start to finish this was an excellent experience.  The best proof is would we use them again.   In July (or so) the two top units will vacate with current tenants and our ministry interns will be moving in... we will be calling On-Time A/C to do the work in those units as well.  Thanks for your professionalism and great work!  Mike Ricker
5 I called in for emergency service after trying about 20 other companies. On Time was the only one to actually offer after hours service.  They were able to schedule me for the same day and actually called/showed up about a half hour early.  Honest gents knew their stuff and my AC was up and running in no time.  Thanks so much!
