4 It has been awhile since I ate inside Taco Bell. After work, I gave it a try.   The taco and burrito was good on my tastebuds. Ditto with a tropical flavored Mountain Dew, that I have only seen at Taco Bell.   I was happy with the service. The lady who took my order also brought my food to my table. And for waiting a few minutes, she bestowed me with a complimentary caramel apple empanada. I have been to various fast food places, waiting on an order for an indifferent employee to hand me my order without any acknowledgement. So it is friendly customer service that leaves me with a good opinion of this Taco Bell.
1 It's Taco Bell. Nothing great. In fast and poor quality. Nothing else.
2 As of today's date, they DESPERATELY need a new speaker box!  It's the ones you see in the comedies that cuts out half of your order.  For people like my fiancé and myself who order custom food, that SUCKS.  This location was initially better a couple years ago, but it has been going downhill.  Not really sure what happened.  =T  The boo has given up on ordering quesadillas at this location.  =(  Every time they are bad.  It's either they add the sauce (he asks for no sauce), they overcook them (wtf?), they don't add enough cheese (mmm dry tortilla...), or - most recently - they add a RIDICULOUS amount of onion.  This is new.  They never had onion in their quesadillas before.  He gave it to me upon that discovery and I, the Onion Queen, deemed it too onion-y.  Yikes.  (For reference I enjoy eating onions raw as well as every other way you can eat them.)  Service is slow even when no one's in line.  Overall food quality is still good for Taco Bell, but I really wish they'd add Diet Mountain Dew to their fountain.  ARG.
5 I went in the drive thru & it was busy. I ordered like 5 things off the menu & they forgot to make my nachos :(  But i turned right back around & they were very nice & even gave me an extra burrito! Everything was delicious. I go for their mountain dew blast soda & awesome crunchwraps !
1 Customer service here sucks!  Every time I go to this location I am very disappointed. I go thru the drive thru and order and the person doesn't get my order right the first time or second time. Finally after repeating my order correctly I go to pay and they managed to still leave out one of the items I ordered.
