4 In many ways, Ron's is a throwback to an older way of doing things in Las Vegas. Plopped inside the Arizona Charlie's Decatur, it is a replacement for the previous steakhouse run by the casino, which was quite good but little trafficked and itself a throwback to the era of small casinos with only a 24 hr cafe and a nice steak place for the whales. A few years back, AC replaced that steakhouse with an Outback chain, perhaps thinking it was a little more 'to their market' and now they've reversed course.   The other notable thing about Ron's is that it is named for (and run by?) Ron Lurie, a former Mayor of Las Vegas who now serves as AC's VP. So it will come as no surprise going in that it is more or less a modern version of the Olde Vegas Steakhouse experience. Classic dishes, big slab of meat for cheap, prepared well, with minute sides.   Clientele-wise, the room is done in cement walls painted in the current dark brown scheme. It was busy with middle class patrons dressed for a nice night off-strip. (Business casual, I guess.) The table is bare marble slab style, no crumb cleaning off the linen.  I went with my parents and teenaged brother during a 2-for-1 special that my dad heard about on KJWL. My parents had the prime rib. Teenaged brother had chicken marsala and I went with the New York Strip Steak. It was twenty four dollars, classically prepared - which means medium rare was more rare than medium. My mom ordered her prime rib well done, and it was, so from one experience they do pay attention to the scale.   A dollop of garlic mashed and a selection of sautéed onions and mushrooms came with it. Soup or salad come with this special but the Soup of the Day choices are limited and the waiter looked a bit askance that I would ask for balsamic instead of a cream-based dressing. (He did, however, make it happen for me. So, no marks off.) The salad was mixed greens and red-and-gold tomatoes, basic again except for the presentation inside a bowl made out of cucumber.   Cheap but nice, basic food presented well. It won't impress anyone used to eating at one of the upscale Strip houses, like Cut or Prime, but is a nice local alternative to say, Flemings or Ruth Chris.
5 This is old school Las Vegas with great food, unbelievable service and an intimate atmosphere. They prepare many dishes table side like Caesar Salad, Lobster Bisque and Banana Foster. The prices are reasonable, there are intimate booths for a romantic dinner and tables for a fun time with family and friends. As a bread eater, the bread basket with 3 different butters was awesome. There is a good wine list with knowledgeable staff.
4 Honestly speaking, Ron's was kind of a last resort for Valentine's Day dinner. I was originally planning on taking my wife to Fleming's or Morton's, but the reservation times were way too late, so I had to think of something quick! Then I remembered that AZ Charlie's had recently opened a steakhouse, so i tried to make an online reservation and to my surprise, there were seatings available for 7pm. We arrived and were promptly seated by a very nice hostess. I wasn't particularly crazy about being seated against the wall, but at that moment there were no free tables in the open area of the restaurant, so I didn't let it get to me. The ambience was intimate and calming, with dim lighting and music faintly playing in the background. The room had more of an "old school Vegas" feel to it, when things were more laid back. Our waiter, Monty, was a class act and provided outstanding service the entire meal...an extra shout out goes to our drink server Andy, who NEVER let our water glasses become empty! Now for the food: First, they get big kudos for having an awesome bread basket that comes with 3 different butters.  Our favorite was definitely the raisin bread with cinnamon butter...yummy!!  My wife ordered the New York Strip and I ordered the Ribeye, both cooked medium rare. The steaks are ordered ala carte, but they did come with our choice of soup or salad. My wife had the soup, which was sun-dried tomato bisque, and it was absolutely delicious. I tried the salad and it was a nice plate of spring greens with a tasty blue cheese dressing, nothing extravagant, but sufficient enough. We tried the sausage stuffed mushroom appetizer and it was nice. I would best describe its taste as "doughless pizza." After about 20 minutes or so, our steaks arrived. Sides can be ordered for only $5 each so we tried the au gratin potatoes, creamed spinach, and the risotto style orzo pasta. Both of our steaks were cooked to perfection and tasted absolutely delicious! As for the sides, the orzo pasta was the star of the show, with a rich, cheesy-like flavor. The creamed spinach and au gratins were good too, but not outstanding. My only knock was that I was really looking forward to trying the tableside bananas foster, but they were not offering tableside service that night. Also, we tried the creme brûlée and found it to be a bit runny and it had somewhat if a bitter aftertaste. Overall, I will be back to try the Porterhouse and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a less expensive alternative to the higher end steakhouses in town!
3 We went here for my Birthday last night ...we had the fillet and the prime rib also a lobster tail..it was good. also I got the garlic mashed they forgot the garlic in them and creamed spinnach wasnt very good...we had a house salad that was ok...my husband had a square plate that wouldnt sit right kept wobling!  the deserts were not much...crambele and cheesecake oh  and teremasu whatever ...hmm dont know if I would go back..Im a local and it was just okay.
5 Whoa.  "Hello Ron.  What's a classy guy like you doing in a greasy joint like this?"  Although I have fond childhood memories of Arizona Charlie's when I was a kid, those days are looooooong gone.  Now, it reeks of cigarettes and Depends...and I cringe every time mom asks me to meet her there.  So you can understand how I cracked my jaw on the floor when I walked into this spot.    The scene opens:  Dark, sultry chocolate walls, and red über modern decor. Dim romantic lighting.  Enter surprised patron stage left.    Unlike the ambiance, however, the staff are still old school Vegas servers - it is AZ Charlie's.  I personally like that.  Polite, unpretentious and relaxed service made this entire meal perfect.  Karen was our waitress and she was great.   Food:    First up, a trio of breads (one sweet like raisin nut, one with a parmesan crust, etc) and a complementary trio of butters (sweet cream, garlic herb, cinnamon something-or-other).... Delicious!  Their salad was presented very artistically, wrapped in a long luscious wafer-thin cucumber slice, and their house dressing was OMFG delicious!  Lobster bisque was OK... Too salty, but huge chunks of lobster.  Mmmmm.  Filet mignon Oscar was perfect.  Simply perfect.   They use some kind of savory rub that was even beyond what I expected. As others have said...the risotto side is tasty.  Deserts were the standards...creme brûlée, etc.  nothing spectacular.  So add all this up and you get a solid steakhouse experience, at muuuuuch less than you'd pay on the strip.   (most entrees were under $30).   A hidden gem, and a straight up shocker for AZ Charlie's.  Holy moly.  I'll be back.
5 I was told that I needed to take my GF out on a date to dinner and a show. I wanted to see Absinthe again but after checking the restaurant prices at Caesars and being told a trip to McDonald's wasnt going to cut it to night we picked Rons steakhouse.  Don't let the crazy people in and around the Casino scare you. This is a great place to escape the heat, the hustle and bustle of the strip and better yet most of the people in the casino couldnt afford the restaurant so its quaint and yet classy sit down experience you dont want to miss.  We both had a 3 course steak dinner of perfectly cooked Fillets, house salads that came wrapped in tasty cucumber bowls and for desert it was cheesecake.  The server was an Expat from France and very knowledgeable about all the dishes. He was even very entertaining as he made jokes about himself and his not being from America. It was very personal and engaging and all the staff made you feel at home. (So much so an elderly lady had a personal cell phone conversation in the booth next to us like she was sitting in her own living room. I hope whomever she was talking to gets her meds figures out, the laundry folded and the pets fed)   If you are in the mood for a great steak dinner at a great price that will impress just about anyone; GIVE THEM A TRY!
4 i really enjoy this place the last few times ive been here. the food is good, i do however wish the sides were bigger. the steak is good. however, what probably has to be my favorite, is there staff. i really cant speak any higher of them.  there really wonderful and attentive.
5 We went here for my birthday. My parents go often and finally convinced me to join them. It is truly a hidden gem. If you can get past the rough exterior, the restaurant is secluded and contemporary. The service by Marvin(I think that was his name) was exceptional. He was attentive and knowledgable.  I ordered too much food and did not have room for dessert. I was sad because they had blood orange creme brûlée and I was too full! Really good and reasonably priced wine list. The filet was tender and well seasoned, but my favorite was the lobster bisque. If you are looking for a oddly upscale experience off the strip, try Ron's.
5 We went to Ron's based on the good reviews (here and elsewhere), and because we love prime rib. We were not disappointed. The salad was dull, but everything else was delicious. The "small" prime rib was enough for three people. The potatoes au gratin were to die for. Even the bread was good. The only disappointment was the house salad; it was nicely presented, but dull.  Despite the reasonable prices, Ron's is a very elegant restaurant, with very attentive service. It's located in a neighborhood far from the Strip. You enter through the casino and suddenly find yourself in a completely different world. If you like good food, good service and elegant surroundings, this is the place!
2 We had a poor experience here both poor food and poor service.  The ribeye was edible and that's the best thing I can say.  Tasted like it came out of the freezer and thrown on the grill.  The server was the nicest guy you could ever meet but he was literally running around trying to keep up with all his tables.  It was a bad start when the salads arrived before the cocktails.  I definitely give this place a thumbs down!
4 Totally surprised at this place tucked in a corner at Arizona Charlie's! Elegantly decorated and charming staff... our waiter, Joey made sure we were comfortable and did a fantastic job. We all had the prix fixe menu for $34.99 which came with salad or soup, choice of 3 entrees, glass of wine, side and dessert. They delivered a warm basket of bread with 3 delicious butters... plain, garlic and cinnamon. Wine was nice choice of Merlot or Zin. Sou p was light and tasty and salad was interestingly displayed... thin sliced strips of cucumber wrapped around the greens as a bowl and was quite pretty. 3 out of 4 of us has the 8 ounce fillet which was grilled perfectly. I had the chicken Oscar and was not disappointed (chicken with shredded crab on a bed of Bordeaux and Bearnaise sauce).  Joey even asked us if we had a Arizona Charlie's players card as they offered a 10% discount to members. He went and picked one up for us at the members desk. We passed along our savings to him as he did such a great job!
4 Omg this place was delicous!  Our fillets were cooked to perfection.  The amount of food was perfect!  I know it's a bit out of the way but it was  worth the trip!
5 You have got to go here! Who would have thought a great Steak House existed in Arizona Charlie's! My boyfriend and I were so impressed with the food and the service...and the prices! The Osso Boco was to die for..The steak melted in my mouth! If you are looking for great food at reasonable prices, do yourself a favor and treat yourself to this hidden gem!
3 As a local couple in Las Vegas we like to try different upscale restaurants throughout the city.  My husband is a serious "foodie", a great cook and I am one of the pickiest eaters anyone would ever meet.  We tried the steak house at Arizona Charlies on Decatur last night and have to say I was very disappointed.  It started off good but went down hill fast.  First we were seated in the back, by the kitchen even though the entire restaurant was empty except maybe five tables.  We overlooked that.  We were attended to quickly by a very nice and informative waiter who gave very good advice on what to order and drink.  The Chef salad he prepared in front of us was amazing and for me to say that since I generally don't eat Chef salad is definetely saying something.  He recommended an amazing red wine and great steak for my husband and the sword fish for me as well as a drink.  The food was good but the sauce over the swordfish reminded me of the sauce in chicken pot pies so I scraped it off.  At this point we had decided he was going to be tipped VERY well but then.....we looked at our completed plates for 20 minutes with not one bus boy to clear the table and no attention by the waiter even though he walked by us at least ten times and kissed the butts of the patrons seated in the next booth.  By the context of their conversation they ate there weekly and were well known.  They consumed all of his attention which I am assuming because they are weekly clients and great tippers.  What he doesn't know is that when we find a local restaurant we are also great tippers and will visit often and refer people. We eventually asked the bus boy for our check and at that point he took some of the plates from our table.   So what could have been one of our new local steak houses will not be visited by us again which is too bad because the food was good.    Tina Highberger
5 Seriously, who would've thunk?  I went to Arizona Charlie's for a friend's birthday dinner.  I was a little bit surprised for the choice of venue.  A buffet for dinner, I thought, but why Arizona Charlie's?   Parking was ample right next and across the establishment, and I walked into the casino floor.  The place looks like a local hang out considering it's distance from the touristy strip.  Sure enough they have a buffet restaurant but I was led to Ron's Steakhouse, and boy, was I in for pleasant surprise!   The place was very cozy and void of the cigarette smokes.  You would not think that the restaurant was inside Arizona Charlie's.   It was 5 pm and there were few tables already filled in and we were immediately sat on our table.  Our waiter, Nestor, greeted us with his genuine smile and asked for our drinks.  He came back with our drinks and baskets full of 3 different warm breads and 3 different compound butters.  Am impressed, and found no flaws or complaints so far :).  We ended up ordering their 24oz rib eye steaks, shrimp cocktails, fried calamari, shrimp scampi over pasta and salmon steaks.  We finished up our dinners with orders of their Crème brûlées flambeed right in front of us.  Aside from their shrimp scampis being served on angel hair instead of linguine and one of the diners sorta found the alcohol on her brulee a bit strong, we were all satisfied and me, couldn't believe I had such a wonderful dinner in a place I least expected.  Food, service and ambience were topnotch.   You damn sure can not judge a book by its cover.  Ron's is a gem in a ghetto.
4 We found this steakhouse on Yelp unaware it was part of a neighborhood casino. We were a bit skeptical when we arrives BECAUSE it was in a neighborhood casino. But the restaurant has a nice interior and we our meal was exceptional. The caesar salad prepared tableside was extraordinary. The steak was exceptional. They make bananas foster tableside too.  Don't judge a book by its cover. This steakhouse was excellent.
4 What a great experience!  I went with two others for dinner on a Saturday night with reservations.  Initially we were doubtful because of the setting. However, we were warmly welcomed at the very beginning.  Our waiter, Caesar, made the entire meal memorable. He was completely engaged in his job and entertaining. Our group almost felt sorry for those diners that were not lucky enough to have him as their server.  The filets for dinner were slightly overdone otherwise they would have been rated five stars. Our dessert of bananas foster was prepared tableside by Caesar and was lovely.  We will definitely return the next time we are in Vegas!
4 Because my parent's bar is down the street, we come to Ron's often for dinner. Truly delicious! JP is always our server and he is hysterical and inviting. They put customer service as a high priority. They go to other restaurants in the casino to get food that you may want that they don't have. The ambience is nice- old fashioned and cozy.
5 I was really surprised to not only just happen upon this restaurant but to find it about as good as it gets. The food is just excellent and the service is about the best that I have ever had. I would go back to this place weekly if I lived in Vegas. I will go back for sure every visit i make to this city.
5 We went to celebrate a birthday and wedding.  This restaurant is not on the strip, but is well worth a cab ride.  Don't let the location in the casino bother you.. walking into the restaurant is a pleasant surprise.. very nice upscale atmosphere.  The service is friendly and professional.  We ordered either steaks or lamb chops - nothing went uneaten.  The portions are large, so be prepared to take home a second meal.  And the reasonable prices just made this one of the best Las Vegas dining experiences.
