2 Staff:   VA certifying official isn't very friendly, which is sort of an unspoken requirement in higher education service work; not so much in teaching.  The director is a retired Army Officer.  I don't feel the personnel that make up the office, in leadership positions (there's only 1) are very effective at delivering what veteran's actually need.   -I think there's a generational disconnect between the Director and new returning veterans of the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars.  Most service members seeking education were enlisted and have very different survival requirements now as civilians, whereas, as an Officer, the Director likely transitioned into a very different civilian life; he had more pay upon separation and a retirement, already had an education, and job prospects worthy of an officer.  The Director spends allot of time reminiscing about his time in as an Officer when he should be more concerned about his ridiculously offensive body odor.  Size:   For an institution that services over 30,000 students and has 3 military installations within 250 square miles of it, I simply can't believe there's 1 Director, 1 VA Certifying Official, and one handful of student workers to tackle such a potentially enormous load.  The physical size of the office is small and doesn't have much to offer regarding pertinent literature, or they just do a bad job of making said literature visible.    Services:   They offer VA certification regarding MGIB & Post 9-11 educational benefits.  In addition, they organize and host veteran-exclusive career fairs.  They don't make themselves very visible across campus; you have to literally walk into their office to find out about their services, which I think is a lazy excuse to limit your workload potential by staying on the down-low all the time. Simply the worst!  Additionally,   -Please be advised-  The VA certifying official WILL NOT inform you that swapping, adding, or dropping course may drastically alter your available financial aid; possibly resulting in YOU owing the government lots of money.  The official WILL NOT discuss adding or dropping courses, course selection, or anything NOT regarding certifying your VA educational benefits; THEY ARE NOT A ONE-STOP-SHOP; although, they should consider becoming one, maybe modeled after another, more successful office.   -Overall, this VA Office is poorly ran and services are scant at best for UNLV's student veteran population.   .
2 Not impressed in the least. The woman there acted like I was the world's biggest imposition when I was seeking basic information on how to enroll for classes.  If you don't want to work for veterans and help them get another job.
5 In the past couple months I have had to personally deal with the UNLV Veterans Service Center and it has been nothing but a wonderful experience.  Three quarters of the way through the semester my husband received orders to deploy overseas.  Before he left he tried to get as much information as he could to the Veterans Service Center as quickly as possible.  A few days before he deployed he gave me Mr. Ross Bryant's number and told me to contact him in case he needed anything else.  I was blown away by how helpful and understanding Mr. Bryant was.  He got everything taken care of in a timely manner and was there to answer any questions or concerns I had.  If any Veterans are considering UNLV I highly recommend it!!
