4 A few months ago, I was at Knyew's every-so-often seasonal sale. I arrived late so by the time I arrived the line was fairly long. I noticed next door to Knyew the retail space is completely vacant. While waiting in the freezing Las Vegas winter I thought to myself with the amount of foot traffic Knyew receives daily, if some type of interesting boutique moved into that empty space I couldn't think of a better spot to be in.. Sure enough the next season Feature opens up!   Owners and workers are friendly, the walls have vibrant photographs and benches are covered with colorful, graffiti art. They have a small number of tees as well as accessories near the register. I do like the fact that, many of the boutiques in the Las Vegas area sort of complaint each other and carry different brands that are usually exclusive to that particular boutique.   In terms of value, here's something here for every budget. From the not so pricey but all still stylish Pro-Keds, Pony, Converse and Clae. To the more expensive sneakers such as Android Homme and limited edition New Balances, Supras, G-Shock Watches, etc. everyone can leave home happy.
5 Best selection of TOMs! Plus picked up an awesome watch/shoes for the boyfriend!
5 Hidden in the edge of Chinatown, behind Starbucks, you will find Feature, an awesome street wear boutique shop that offers new and refreshing alternatives to what you'll regularly find in larger commercial retail stores. Great for the hype beast that grew up or doesn't want to wear the same gear all their friends are wearing or broke folks like me.   They carry brands like Android Homme, Creme, Pink Dolphin, Supra, Toms, Billionaire Boys Club, New Balance, Saucony, G-Star, Nixon, Clae, Nudie Jeans, Naked & Famous, and the list goes on!   If you're a Toms lover then Feature is the spot for you. I've never seen such a big selection of Toms for men, women, and babies.   The service is always friendly and they're always willing to help you out.   Lastly the best and greatest thing about Feature are their sales. They have a large selection of previous season shoes that are always 50% to 70% off WITH choices in shoe size that aren't humongous like size 14. The sales also include their clothes and accessories which I've seen range from 30%-50% off. I bought a few shirts that cost $50+ normally for half the price, crazyyy, especially if you're "ballin" on a college budget.
5 There's always a sale when you come up in here!  Feature Sneaker Boutique has the biggest collection of Tom's in Las Vegas, or anywhere that I'm aware of!  So if you're looking for your casual Tom's, some wedges, or even some booties, Feature Sneaker Boutique has them in stock.  Don't be fooled by their shelves though, because their warehouse is right across the street so make sure to ask for your size if you don't see it.  Customer service here is great; they are really nice people who try to get to know you and find out how you heard of them.  Cool kicks, and screen tees galore.  Come through and check it out; after all, you can never have too many shoes right? Right!
5 I love this boutique!  They got Asics, NB, Reebok, Supra, Toms-huge collection, and much more!  Previous Yelpers talk about their sales, and they def right, when there is a sale, it's a dope deal that you have to cop, or should I say, can't walk away and fight that feeling that I ain't ballin' but I like to be fresh...feeling..    If they extended their ladies collection in sneakers, I would be super happy, and tees too :). Not complaining, I like this spot, because I still pick up some sexy sneakers.  They will def be familiar with my face, they are already used to my Fiancé's. lol  Friendly staff which is delightful, you don't get that much from boutiques now a days.  You would think since boutiques are small they would be friendly, but not always the deal, in any case... they are uber friendly here!  Thanks guys for taking care of me, until next time, perhaps next week even.
4 If you are a sneaker head, Feature Sneaker Boutique is the place to be.    This fresh joint is known for their exclusive selection of casual lifestyle kicks ranging from Saucony, New Balance, Reebook Pumps, Clae, Supra and much more.  I been kopping pairs here that you prolly can't find anywhere on this side of the hemisphere.    What I like the most is that there are good people here...no high nose snobby boutique heads that look at you like you ain't good enough to step up in the piece.  I hate nothing more than that (ahem undefeated).    Still, this place is down to earth and straight to the point, no hype.  The website, featuresneakerboutique.com is very well maintained as well.  I'm a fan and will continue to show support.    Now remember, if you are looking for strictly J's, go elsewhere.  I got enough J's to last me two lifetimes and frankly, the quality has been pissing me the ef off.  Seriously though, the Jordan market has gotten so saturated, I know longer want to associate myself with that clique...#bandwagon...especially with the whole Twitter DM process to kop new releases.    Call these cats up, they are sure to be helpful...I take people out of town here a lot.  Shouts out to EJ and my boy Francis...Chee!
4 I pledged to shop local this holiday season so shop local I did!  I popped into the sneaker boutique to check out the selection of tiny Toms.  I found just what I was looking for and more.  The girl who helped me was super nice.    The shop is cute and tidy -  a little tricky to get to behind Starbuck's   They have lots of Tom's, loads of tiny Tom's and plenty of funky fresh and BRIGHT pumped up kicks along with some clothes.    I took advantage of the 10% yelp check in offer and crossed two good boys and girls off my christmas list.  HO HO HO!
4 This place was a bit hard to find only because Google Maps wanted to toy with me and lead me to believe that it was on the exact opposite side of where this shop actually stands. If you're going down Spring Mountain, and you see a Quiznos, turn in, it's in the same complex!   Loved the ambiance of the shop; has a fresh, street, urban feel. A good assortment of sneakers/TOMS, NIXON watches, and shirts. One of the workers Dustin helped me find a gift for my nephew and was extremely helpful and nice.   Only complaint that I have is I wished they had more of a selection for the females! Only options woman have to choose from is the TOMS collection, which I'm not the biggest fan of.    Ladies need swag too!
5 Great place to get Toms!! Lots of style and sizes for everyone. Bought my self, my sister and even my 19 month old son a pair. EJ and sneaker barista Dustin (love that title) were super helpful and friendly! Will totally be back and highly recommend this spot!
4 Friendly, helpful staff + great selection. Highly recommended!
5 I do love to shop local when I can and when I asked around about where to buy sneakers local, I was referred to Feature Sneaker and they delivered.  I usually have an issue finding my size but this place had plenty of options and a nice selection of not only shoes but apparel as well.  The service was attentive and all those there are diligent about keeping it clean and organized.  I found what I needed, got a discount for checking in on Yelp and left with great new kicks and a sweet deal.
5 This store is a little hard to find, but well worth the search! The staff is amazing and goes above and beyond to help me get the items I need! I love that I can shop via their Instagram site and call in my orders - super convenient for my busy life! Definitely my recommendation for a wide selection of shoes, clothes, hats, and whatever else you need in between.
2 Decent store. Good selection. The 20% restocking fee on return items is a big no-no however. That sort of thing really shouldn't even be legal.
1 From NYC, was referred by a friend on Instagram. Found a great pair of new balance for my wife, but it was unfortunately the wrong size however this store was kind enough to offer an exchange. So I return the original purchase only to receive an email saying the next size up was damaged so they had to return it back to their vendor. No problem. They were going to order another pair. Few weeks pass, with NO UPDATE WHATSOEVER, and I send a follow up email. Surprise surprise. No more pairs left. So instead of offering a refund. They give me their bullshit no return policy and tell me I have store credit. their selection isn't all that. I live in New York. I can drop by kith anytime. What the hell am I going to do with store credit??? Good thing for American Express. I will never shop here and I hope no one else does.  These people are thieves. DO NOT SHOP HERE!!!!!! I would give them a negative rating if possible. You would think in this age of social media.... You would want POSITIVE FEEDBACK. CONSUMERS BEWARE. THEY WILL ROB YOU!!!!!  June 7 Refund was applied, thanks to American Express. Buyers beware, DO NOT SHOP HERE UNLESS YOURE USING AMERICAN EXPRESS!!!!!
