5 Just got a storage unit here yesterday.  The manager Mark is very friendly and accommodating.  Late night access is important to me, and though their gate hours end at 9pm, Mark said he could give me after hours access if I call during business hours.  That's very important to me.  The location of this place is great for me, too, not far from the strip (about a mile from the Rio).  Very cab-accessible if I find myself in Vegas with no car, or even a walk if the weather is OK.  I reserved online and will be able to manage my unit online.  Necessary.  On top of meeting all of my requirements, they were the cheapest in town.  I got lucky, in that they had a drive-up 10'x20' that was empty for 3 months, so they put it up for $77/month.  That's a steal as these size units go for well over $100/mo. everywhere else.  On top of THAT, they only charged me $1 for the first month (+ $22 enrollment fee).  About the only bad things I can say about this place is that they don't offer a free truck on move-in (though $1 for the first month is essentially the same thing), and the manager rejected my lock and told me I'd have to buy a much stronger one.  It's MY lock, so I should have final say, but I guess I'll take the extra security...
5 I am beyond satisfied with the overall business and professionalism that Mark, the welcoming and accommodating manager, always provides. I would suggest  Public Storage on Arville to anyone! Happy Customer!
5 I just signed up for a second storage unit today for a retail company and Mark was great!  Real personable, helpful, and accommodating.  Tidy grounds & storage units and customer service make this place easy for me to recommend to others.
1 Approximately 10 (!) storage units were broken into at the Public Storage Arville location during mid-August 2013. My unit was one of the units broken into (~at least 20K loss). Burglars apparently had no difficulty forcibly opening unit doors in spite of double locks. Astonishingly, there are NO INTERIOR SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS. Thieves are free to open as many units as they have time for as there is NO SECURITY at this location. All you need is a gate code and you're in. Grainy surveillance of tenants entering and exiting are probably not much help to investigators and certainly not a deterrent as the thieves had free reign at this facility. Worse than my loss, was the flippant attitude of the district manager who essentially maintained that "thieves will be thieves" and dismissed a SOUND SUGGESTION of interior cameras ("too expensive"...what she really meant: LESS CORPORATE PROFIT).   The ONLY thing this location has going for it is the personable manager (Mark) who actually gives a shit about his tenants. (Perhaps Mark should be district manager?)  Do NOT store your valuables at a Public Storage unit! Don't do it, don't do it, don't do it!!
