3 Allow me one last moment of bragging / envy inducing chat: I have just returned from a two week holiday in Thailand and still can't kick those Tom Yum cravings. First port of call when I returned home was find good Thai in Edinburgh. Thai Pod ticked the 'take-away home delivery' box.  The menu online is huge. I spent at least an hour drifting my eyes up and down, up and down trying to decide what to have. The online ordering system is pretty nifty. You order online as you go, and when you choose an option you can then select the filling (and there's a lot: chicken, beef, duck, cod, fish, prawns, mixed seafood, tofu and veg, just veg and others), and then for every dish, your level of preferred spice (5 different levels). I know some people don't like spice, so this is a great option.  There's also a count-down timer on the website for the food to arrive. They do warn, and make explicit, that waiting time for delivery is 70 minutes and for us it was 80 minutes. I knew this when I ordered, so was not disappointed, but it is worth taking note of. I can imagine people getting frustrated and giving negative comments or reviews on long waiting times, but they make it fully explicit on the website several times this is the case. I think they cook every dish from scratch which is why it can take so long.  So, to the food. As my date is veggie, I sacrificed my usual meat option and went for a tofu stir-fry, she had the tofu green curry, and we had a side of the spinach, side of coconut batter sweet potato and many crackers. Oh and coconut rice.  It was takeaway so the standard wasn't as high as restaurants. And it was tasty and quite fresh. But it felt quite oily, or perhaps loaded with MSG and I felt quite nasty the next day. I had leftovers and ate them that night, and again the next day felt a bit yucky. This is probably the MSG, as the food itself was ok and I don't think it made me ill. But I remember ravenously devouring it but now can't remember why or how it tasted, so methinks they are heavy-handed on the chemical additives. This could not be the case but for me, I wasn't in awe of the food itself.  Perhaps the dine in option produces a better standard of food, but having tried many other Thais in Edinburgh now I do think this is probably the lowest quality so far. It was ok and if someone ordered it again, I wouldn't say no, but I may hang onto the antiacids for the next day.
2 I've eaten in once and gotten delivery once from Thai Pod and both times the service, or rather severe lack thereof let this place down.  The food, to their credit, was fabulous, but waiting over an hour (both sitting in & delivery) for it to arrive really just isn't good enough. And yes, we waited over an hour for our STARTERS when we sat in.... which meant the entire dining experience took about 3 hours from start to finish.... Thanks but no thanks to dining here again.
4 When asking for recommendations from friends for Thai food in Edinburgh this place was the unanimous result. I've never eaten food from a proper Thai restaurant before so I was hoping this place would be a good place to go for some 'proper' Thai.   On this occasion Susan M and I were only visiting to collect a take away. It seemed a shame that the restaurant itself was so empty when we dropped in, though it was a Tuesday night. I had ordered chicken satay and and chicken Pad Thai Noodles while Susan ordered Thai pork ribs and a Thai style curry. We also had some nice prawn crackers thrown in to our order for free too.   The smell coming from our food was mouth watering, so the drive home was a bit fraught as we were both desperate to start eating. The food wasn't a disappointment. My noodles were exceptional, in fact I think my tummy just rumbled thinking about them. They have just the right amount of heat from the chillies, coupled with the crunchiness of the peanuts. The chicken satay was also great with the sauce being quite chunky too. You can tell it's been made properly when you can chew the nuts. The free prawn crackers that were thrown in were also a surprise. I know it's poor form to say that they just tasted better than the ones I would associate with a Chinese take away but it's the truth. They were certainly thicker and had a much more depth of flavour to them.   I think it's dangerous that I know that these guys deliver. I really can't afford to get a take away from here every week, but I really want to!
3 it's sunday evening, i've had a few glasses of wine and all Nikki A and i want is some thai food before heading home for the night.  thankfully Thai Pod was not only open but had a table to seat us at.  i'd heard a lot of good things about Thai Pod so was looking forward to trying it out especially as my pad thai craving was particulary strong.    the restaurant itself is small and i'm pretty sure it's situated under a B&B or small hotel.  i get the feeling that the majority of orders are for take away, but there was a fair amount of customers eating in as well.  also it looks like they have a few tables outside for when it's actually warm out which looked quite nice.  after being seated we had our orders taken quickly and soon had a bottle of wine on the table with some prawn crackers while waiting for our food to arrive.  i found it a bit strange that there wasn't any background music, so the place can get a bit loud with other people's conversations.  food arrived in good time and i soon had my plate of pad thai with tofu and veggies in front of me.  now i've eaten a lot of pad thai and i have to say while this was a tasty version it was not the tastiest i've ever had.  i enjoyed it though and was glad to see that my dish was only £9 which is a deal when it comes to thai food!  i'd come back to this place as it was tasty and it's near my flat, but i think it if i was looking for a really knock my socks off thai dinner i'd probably venture elsewhere.
