4 Why hello Mr Divino Enoteca. Quite the smooth mover aren't you?  After receiving an invitation for a swishing event at Divino Enoteca I thought "where?" I assumed this is one of those places for people in the know, an Edinburgh establishment, that I hadn't been lucky enough to hear about yet.  Turns out this wee diamond is a relative new-comer to the Edinburgh bar scene. An Italian wine bar under George IV bridge, I'd actually passed it several times and not noticed. (Probably plugged into my iphone...the shame.)  I was actually very torn about writing this review. FTR badge...oh. Amazing wine bar that not many people seem to know about, thus uninhabited by suits and trendies...oh. Spotlight...oh no. What to do? I kind of wanted to keep it my wee secret. But it really is too good and has to be shared.  A wine and antipasti bar, it is very smooth and swish inside. Bare brick walls, dark polished wood, smooth talking Italian waiters ("you biilll Bella"). Sadly I sampled neither wine nor food, but there are wines lining every wall, a menu that is categorised by regions of Italy, and the cocktail menu covers but three - the classy ones (with olives). Like I said, swish. The antipasti platter looks delicious, as did the aubergine with cheese. I had food envy. Someone also spoke very highly of their rocket salad. Plain rocket salad, but tasty.  I am now trying to work out when I can next come here and indulge in a good bottle of red and some antipasti. I hope its soon. It looks like a great place to relax with a glass of wine, on some couches or by the bar, or have some antipasti. I can see that it could get quite trendy. I hope it stays classy.
5 So good. We found this place on yelp and although it was a bit tricky to find, it was a cosy, charming atmosphere and had WONDERFUL food!  The people were truly italian and the food was wonderful. Definitely recommended.
4 Edinburgh is chocca-block with gastropub. Places you can go in the evening for some sweet potato fries and a pint of beer. Or a burger and a glass of wine. All very much the same. Don't get me wrong, I like gastro pubs.  But enter Divino Enoteca and there's a rarer breed of bars, of the food / gastro variety, but that isn't a "gastropub". It's an Italian antipasti and wine bar, that also serves full meals in a restaurant, and balances the two very well.  The first think that strikes you is the interior and ambiance.It's basement level, and the bar itself is hidden almost under George IV Bridge. You'd never walk by it, and perhaps only come here if invited or if you'd heard about it before. So it has that element of a hidden secret. Inside, it's all dark wood and low lighting. Very dim, very romantic and moody and brooding.  The waiters are well dressed, courteous and so very Italian. The food on offer varies from antipasti, to full lasagnas and pasta mains.  The main feature, however, is that Divino Enoteca can offer a huge variety of wines by the glass, rather than a house red and a token second. I think there's at least 30 wines by the glass. They employ a certain technique of holding the bottles and extracting the wine that doesn't let it oxidise. You can see all the wines held in this contraption (in a subtle way) that allows this.  The food itself was nice. Nothing hugely outstanding, but still very nice. Classy, well presented, a nice balsamic reduction on my steak.  I just love the secretive, seductive quality of the bar. In the Old Town, surrounded by so-chic cocktail bars and real ale old man boozers and new beer bars, it's a diamond in the rough. It suited a quiet Monday night birthday dinner perfectly, would be nice for taking the parents out, a celebratory dinner, and of course a romantic date.   I wouldn't come back for the food alone, but I would come back for the ambiance, the hidden nature and the wonderful wines by the glass.
5 Wine by the glass, antipasti and bruchettas. Sound like any Italian, right? Wrong.  Divino does wine in 5 glass sizes - Taster (25ml) Large Taster (50ml) Medium (125ml) Large (175ml) and Bottle (750ml).  They offer the Taster size in a Wine Flight experience (4 or 5 glasses for around £14-£20.  This place is not just off the beaten track, it is so elusive that even a certain street view map hasn't got a clue where it is.  We arrived for an informal tasting session with some Yelpers and were greeted by a tall Italian waiter. He guided us to a table, took our coats and handed out the drinks and food menus.  I need to backtrack here.   On arrival you see a massive wine rack / storage. There is stairs (and wheelchair lift) taking you underground. The first thing you see is a massive Parmesan cheese used for shavings. Then you see the serving counter and the bar. The place opens up is several alcoves and areas. One area for private dining, one for restaurant dining and a bar / tasting / tapas area.   You cannot miss the digital displays and big round wine serving majingy - that ensures that wine stays 'corked' while still be able to tap out a taster or full glass.   Now back to where I was: ordering wine or wine menu is easy. you choose colour, region, ABV and glass size.   I had difficulty deciding so I took 3 tasters (barolo, anetone, petra) and took the nicest out of the 3 (Petra) others on the table took wine flights.   We were a bit of a scattered group, people arriving at different times, ordering food at different times and the ordering of additional wines and waters. All this was dealt with great professionalism and no doubt a bit of patience. The service was superb.   The food I ordered: Bresolo and bruschetta was very tasty, fresh and well presented.   In fact I enjoyed the company of my fellow drinkers so much I wanted them to stay a little bit longer. So I decided that no girl can say no to a bit of bubbly. I got some prosecco (100% according to the list) and my plan worked. All girls indulged and great times became even better.   As we all paid separate I was pleasantly surprised they were able to split the bill for us on at the till.    Thank you to Divino for hosting a brilliant impromptu wine session.
3 Overall, Divino is a first rate wine bar. It's an absolute gem - the wine flights are fun to try and reasonably priced for the opportunity to try a range of wines. The bar area is very stylish and well laid out with the huge wine dispenser on display in the centre. The staff didn't explain the wines but luckily there was a cute little card that they sat on with all the information you needed to pretend to know what you were doing!  I don't think however that the food is quite up to the standard it should be. We did eat there about  4 months ago and were quite disappointed by the selection and quality. Last night I only had a couple of bar snacks and, while the food was nice it was missing that little bit to make it great, which really wouldn't be hard with a plate of bresaola and some mushroom pate!   Some high quality nibbling platters would be great to have with the wines with lovely Italian antipasto, olives, calamari, sardines perhaps... yum!  Don't get me wrong. I'll go back. I'll go back quite soon, but it will only be for lots of wine and a great night chatting in the bar.
4 Wine bars are my spiritual home. I'm not sure why - I'm not even that good with telling my "pinot grigio" from my "pinot gris" ... or my "pinot nior" from my "pino nino nino" (10 points to anyone who gets that joke).  Divino Enoteca is located in the part of Edinburgh I can't navigate - the old town, with the multi level streets and Google Maps unable to tell me how it all works. Thankfully I was soon inside and wrapped in the warm surroundings of Divino Enoteca with exposed brick walls, dark timber tables and a nice, glowing atmosphere.  I was visiting as a gatecrasher of the CMYE Edinburgh Yelp event (thanks again for letting me come along!) and we sat at a large table. The legs of the table were bugging me all night and I couldn't rest my legs on the floor properly, but I think it was because I was in the bench seating.   I had a look over the wine list, and I was totally lost - as I said above, I'm not good with wine varieties and they had a whole section of Italian varieties. I'm ashamed to say I didn't recognise any of them. I was tempted by the flights of wine (small glasses of 4-6 varieties) but as I was driving later on in the night, I went for a glass of rosé. I don't remember the details and can't see it on the website - but it was great and a reasonable price.  Some Yelpers had food which looked really tasty. I thought the service at times was a little brisk, but the waiter seemed to lighten up as the night went on. I felt really comfortable here (apart from the legs part above) and would definitely return here for a quite, comfortable drink next time I'm in Edinburgh.
4 I couldn't believe this place only had two reviews on Yelp, and one by myself. And so when the idea of 'Wine O Clock' was suggested by some Yelpers, I instantly recommended Divino Enoteca, as it is entirely hidden under George IV Bridge and doesn't seem to be on many radars.  It's owned by the Vittoria group (and you can access it via Vittoria on the Bridge). But it's quite different to the La Fav and Vittoria venues. It's basement, and dark, and wooden, and candelit, and has alcoves, and wine bottles and wine bottles and more wine.  I don't know the system, but they employ this fantastic technique using a computerised style corking method, that allows them to pour wine from a bottle without uncorking it. The result is you can try any wine (or almost any) by the glass.  I decided to go for the Red Wine Flight, and had 5 red wines (50ml each) for £14. That's £7 for two large glasses of wine, roughly. Good value and the wine tasting itself was really illuminating. It was a self-service wine tasting, with a sheet explaining each wine. But the process of tasting one red after another really helped me notice flavours I wouldn't normally. The Chilean '4' on this flight was wonderfully toffee-flavoured, sweet and dense. The first 2 I wasn't so keen on but the 4th was worth the entire flight. I took a photo on my iPhone and now know what I"ll be ordering when I go back.  The food is a-ok. Not bad, but certainly not good and not worth going alone for. I'd say go for the wine, really enjoy the 'wine by the glass' expereince, and if you're peckish, a wee slice of toast and paté will tide you over. I wouldnt come here for the meal alone.  It was the perfect start to Wine O' Clock, and would be a great place for an intimate date, or a larger group such as we were. As Rayan has commented, the service was also impeccable and they weren't phased by 8 people ordering different things at different times.  There were also around 25 glasses on our table at one point, due to 4 or so wine flights. Again, this wasn't a problem.
4 Beautiful wee wine bar underneath George IV Bridge. Had I not been to another bar on the same street a couple of weeks ago I may have had trouble finding it. I went there last night for a pre-dinner drink and had an Aperol Spritz (a popular aperitivo drink in Italy at the moment). It cost £5 which I thought was quite fair as it has both liqueur and Prosecco in it and was made correctly, which does not happen in many bars in Edinburgh from my experience! We were also given a sharing plate with bread sticks, parmesan and olives at no extra cost which was a nice touch. I am definitely going to return sometime to sample some of their Italian wines and bar food.
5 Great place!  Not inexpensive, but worth every pound.  The service was fantastic and their menu (from soup, to the amazing duck, to the tiramisu & whiskey, to the after dinner Cuban) was all I could ask for!
5 This was the first time I had visited Divino.  It's defo a pleasing place to be when you are escaping the winters' cold and dark nights.  Divino is situated down the steps in the basement of a tenement building so as you can imagine history just seeps through these walls.  The lighting really helps build an atmosphere too - don't worry it's not a scary one!  Known for the vino, Divino offers an extensive menu of reds, whites, rosè, sparkles by region.  Luckily we were on a Yelp Wine Club Event, so had our wine expert, Nikki choose the wine and and paired it with cold meat, cheeses and breads.  It's quite amaing how much food can change a wine. Both wines were very nice.  I love my reds in winter.  The platter of meats and cheeses was exceptional.   Just brought me back to times i spend with my hubbie and his family when we visit Italy.    They have a food menu and tapas menu too, great for satisfying all appetites!  I'll be back to Divino, whether is for a meal or a casual drink with friends x
4 Tucked away under the George the IV bridge, Divino is a little welcoming Italian oasis in Edinburgh. At basement level, its all dark and atmospheric and lovely for drinks, nibbles or a full on romantic night.  Not tried any bad wine here yet. Was here for Wine Club the other week and the wine we sampled (I ended up trying 3 in total) was all lovely. Just be sure you know what you are ordering as the wine will change depending on what food you are eating - in some cases quite dramatically.  Divino is owned by the Vittoria group but is more high end. Tapas style plates, sharing plates or full plates are all available. I tried some antipasti with the yelper gang which was lovely and then I ended up ordering the selection of 5 cheeses with honey, pear and walnuts. The cheeses were lovely as was the honey. I gave away the accompanying crackers (not GF) but there should have been more pear beyond the two very thin slivers and more than 3 walnuts which I had to request. Other yelpers food looked lovely though and the desserts were wonderful - including a perfectly textured pannacotta  bang goes the diet!   I will come back for food and/or drinks. The menu is marked with GF and vegetarian options which is great to see and there are plenty of tempting choices too. Staff are friendly, though trying to get water topped up was slow at times.
4 If it is true what the Sopranos have taught us, then the local capo regime would choose Divino Enoteca as their favorite place to enjoy the tastes if the homeland. Indeed, patrons at the Divino Enoteca tend to wear suits and there are plenty of good looking humans of Mediterranean appearance around (often they don't wear suits). But Divino Enoteca welcomes everybody for encounters with heavenly goodness, even the sometimes sturdy descendants if the local tribes that might not share the more delicate features of Italians. The olives that come as an amuse geulle are exceptional in their juiciness and truly divine.  For a primo piatto try carpaccio or the eggplants au gratin. For your secondi piatto enquire about today's ravioli filling. They are homemade and the ones with swordfish filling were very lovely. The lamb with kale and mashed potatoes was very well prepared, and the reduction it came with was very subtle.  Pass on desert, unless you want the tiramisu, which was not bad; avoid the panna cotta, which is accompanied by a sticky sauce that tastes precisely like Hershey's sirup squeezed out of a plastic bottle.  Wine exploration is made easy when you use the option to have flights of five different reds or whites or both by the glass. The food was served by Italian staff, complementing the Southern experience of declared divine proportions. All in all, it was a really nice evening at Divino Enoteca, and I will come back soon, preferably on a Wednesday because then they have live Jazz during dinner.
5 Wow this was some find recommended by a good friend. Went for dinner recently and can tell it's part of the well known Crolla family empire. Service is attentive and you feel like being part of the family as options on both food and drink come with a personal recommendation. The advice on wines was attentive and somewhat patient. I had a very tasty Tuscan bean soup followed by veal Milanese. The real attraction though is the stunning collection of wines, including my own world favourite from the Bekka Valley in the Lebanon, Chateau Musar. This was a good 2004 version and such is the investment in this proper enoteca, they do this and 11 other wines by the glass dispensed by a very 21st century piece of kit. Lovely, vault style setup reminded me of many a city of London wine bar without the rampant profusion of secret trists in each corner. This is Edinburgh after all. Will be back, probably with a few more friends and with an eye on the private room which looks perfect for a 10-14 strong gathering. Oh and the courtyard and fact that it sells cigars will be a major plus through what passes as the summer up here.
