5 I could not be happier with Velvet Waxing Studio!!  Wow!  From the moment I stepped in the front door, I immediately felt a sense of "ahh..."  It is small and intimate with a great decor.  I was asked if I wanted some strawberry water while I waited.    I have had waxes from 3 out of the 4 women at one time or another.  Each woman is considerate, respectful, friendly, and totally puts you at ease.  Each gave recommendations to help afterwards.    I highly recommend going to Velvet Waxing Studio if you are a first time waxer or have been waxed for years!  You will not be disappointed!
5 This place was having a spring break special-- $35 for a bikini wax--- not bad! Booked an appointment online with Kylene. The salon was really close to campus, right off of State St and I showed up was immediately offered water w/strawberries in it. Nice touch. Also of note: conciliatory chocolate bowl.   Kylene was super friendly, I told her what I wanted and that I was pretty novice. The whole wax took about 15 minutes, and Kylene talked me through it. She was pro for sure and the wax was the least painful I've had yet. Turned out great! Definitely going back.   Great wax. Super reasonable prices. Really close to campus. Awesome!
5 I went to Velvet Waxing Studio for the spring break bikini wax special.  I made my reservation online which was really quick and easy.  Kylene did my wax and she was awesome!  It was the quickest and least painful bikini wax I've had.  It's obvious that she knows what she's doing.  Velvet gives high-end salon services for reasonable prices; not to mention the studio is located right off state street.  I have recommended this place to a handful of friends and we're all planning to go back!
5 I have been going to Maryna for brazillion waxing for two years and have only had great experiences! The look of this salon is so unique and fun and the location in the downtown Madison area is very convenient! I would recommend this salon to any of my friends!
5 This place is awesome and I'm glad I found it!  Good location, wonderful and talented staff, affordable services.  I have and will be back many times!    Underarm, brazillian, and leg waxes!
4 The service was friendly and professional. Very good price for a Rio/French (so close to a full, I don't think I'll switch back!) Best thing is that she trimmed me up before waxing. The only complaint was that I couldn't tell if the linens were just stained or used. She put a towel over the area I was laying, but still left me wondering...
5 Women of Madison, your waxing woes are over! Velvet Waxing Studio is here to meet all of your hair removal needs. The space itself is just gorgeous (and believe me, I was predisposed not to like it since it moved into the space occupied by my former favorite boutique, The Patricia Shoppe).   Not only is the environment darling, the little extras go a long way. Upon entering the salon, you'll be asked whether you'd like a fresh flavored water. So far, I've had cucumber, strawberry and pomegranate. All were refreshing. Upon the conclusion of your appointment, you'll be offered a free piece if chocolate.   Oh, and then there's the appointment itself. Everyone here is a waxing expert, though Maryna is especially good. My advice: if you're given the choice, try the hard wax. It'll change your life.   All in all, a wonderful new addition to the Madison spa scene.
5 I would highly recommend velvet waxing studio. I had my first visit 10/01/11 for a little waxing and the service was great. I had an appointment with Megan and she was super nice.  She was quick and did a great job.  She aslo made me feel every comfortable. Thank You Velvet waxing studio :)
5 I used to go to Megan when she was at a Salon on the square.  I stopped going because the price of a Brazilian wax was hefty compared to other places in town.  I am SO glad that Megan and the other girls opened their own studio.  The prices are so reasonable for the high quality.  The studio is adorable and clean.  Megan is quick, professional, very nice, and she does a flawless job every time.  I also really love being able to go online, see what appointments are available, and pick one.  I think online booking was their best business decision!  As long as this studio is open, I will not go anywhere else, ever!
5 After years of cheap/horrible waxing from nail salons and such, and some bad bouts with eyebrow threading, i thought my brows were ruined forever.  They were thinner than I wanted and shaped all wrong.  TWO visits to Velvet Waxing studio, and they are perfect!  I cannot believe what a difference it makes to go to real pros - even my mom complimented my brows (tough critic) and said they haven't looked this nice in years.  Makes the $20/brow wax charge totally worth it!  The salon is very welcoming and has a great vibe to it.  I'm a Velvet addict - thanks Maryna!
5 Love Velvet! Megan has been doing my brows for years and I was so excited when I found out she had opened Velvet! The location is wonderful and charming, everybody that works there is professional and friendly, and the prices are completly reasonable! I wont go anyplace else!! Oh and for those busy women out there, you will really appreciate the online booking!
5 Velvet waxing studio is amazing! The first time I went was actually my first brazilian wax and I saw Kylene. She made me feel 100% comfortable and it turned out perfect. The second time I saw Maryna who was equally as wonderful. I will be returning on a regular basis!
5 obsessed with this place. love the ambiance of the place, and haven't had this good of an eyebrow wax in a long time. they have 2 different types of wax, so if you have sensitive skin like mine it's great. they also introduced me to tinting, and my eyebrows have never looked better!
5 I just moved back to Madison from living in LA and was bummed out to come back to no where good to go for waxing. Velvet is the answer to any of my previous waxing woes. Best wax ever! I went to Maryna and she was so quick and extremely thorough and at the end of the appointment she said, "look everything over and if you want me to fix anything, let me know." That's amazing! I've never had a esthetician say that before. Needless to say, nothing needed to be fixed. The facility is super clean and so pretty and welcoming. Park in the ramp on Carol and just walk around the corner. I honestly can not say enough good things!
5 Wonderful experience! These girls are fantastic at what they do! SO glad I found them!
5 Velvet is wonderful. I bought a Groupon for a service there last fall, and have been going regularly since then. Tracy is amazing - she listens to what customers want, and executes it perfectly. The waxing itself is also about as painless as it can realistically be. She's also great to talk to, and an extremely insightful person. She's definitely made the typical 30-45 minute waxing session way more interesting and fun!  The whole space is clean, hip, and comfortable. Online booking is easy and reliable, though you can book by phone or in person as well. After going to Velvet, I don't plan to ever go back to getting my eyebrows done in the back of a nail salon.
5 I love this place!  I have been to many other spas/salons and this is the best!    1. They do a great job.  I generally see Megan, and she is awesome.  However, once she had to miss my appointment, so I saw Maryna instead.  She was just as great!    2. Super affordable.  Salon/spas are probably 15-25% more expensive than Velvet.  3.  Service is great.  Megan will do her best to squeeze me in or move my appointment if I need to.  They value their clients and are super accomodating!  4. The studio itself is adorable!  Super chic and fun.  I wish I could move in!    I recommend Velvet to anyone in Madison looking for a good waxing experience, you won't be disappointed!
5 If you need waxing done, RUN, do not walk to Velvet Waxing Studio. I went to Anaala Spa at Hilldale because I needed a last-minute appointment and regretted every moment (long, painful, not thorough at all). I will never leave Velvet again!   I have been getting bikini waxes for almost a decade and Velvet is hands-down the best, most cost-effective, most professional studio/salon/spa I have been to.  I always see Megan, who is extremely friendly, very experienced and does Brazilians super-fast and with the least pain I have ever experienced.  Bonuses: online appointment-booking and ultra-luxe space.  Thank you Velvet!
5 Top class service from the moment I walked in. The ambiance was welcoming. The young lady that worked with me was very effective and timely with her work. She took very good care of me from start to finish. The end result was phenomenal.
5 I never considered waxing until I was getting ready for my destination wedding.  My first trip to Velvet was terrifying...I was sure it was going to be so awkward and hurt like hell.  I had a velvet and underarms done...and it was underwhelming...in a very good way.  In fact after my appointment I went home to wax my fiancés back with the microwave stuff from Target (he would kill me if he knew I put this on yelp), and after one swipe that nearly ripped his skin off, I insisted that we get right back in the car and go to Velvet...so we did!  He was as pleasantly surprised at his experience as I was!  The studio is vintage chic in design, somewhere I would love to sit and lounge and people watch.  The staff is so professional, quick, and thoughtful.  Nothing was awkward at all and nothing hurt...for real.  I now go back before a trip / vacation and am so happy I found Velvet...I've heard horror stories about other waxing experiences so take it from me, go somewhere reputable!
5 AMAZING studio. GREAT job. AND it's cheaper than any other spa/studio in downtown!! Don't go anywhere else. Maryna did my brazilian today and she is just fabulous. So sweet and super fast! 10-15 minutes max and we were done-- she even had to tweeze a few hairs but it was totally fine! No pain and barely any redness afterwards! LOVE Velvet!
4 I have been looking for a place to get my eyebrows done in Madison since I started school here in 2009. After a few bad experiences, I thought I would be stuck doing it myself. But then, my roommate suggested I try Velvet Waxing Studio, and I loved it! The overall atmosphere of the studio is great. I felt like my "waxer" really took her time and wanted me to look good. I will definitely be going back; in fact, I am making an appointment for this week!
5 I moved to Madison and heard about Velvet through a friend. She recommended Maryna and I have to say, #1 what a great friend and #2 Maryna is AWESOME. What exactly do you mean by 'awesome', you might ask? She is quick, friendly, funny, and thorough. These encounters (read: brazilian waxing) are oftentimes awkward, uncomfortable, etc. but Maryna does her job and does it WELL. You're still going to feel pain but it will be over before you know it. The prices are slightly higher than what I'm used to paying back home but with service that excellent, I didn't even bat an eye.
3 One of the biggest reasons I won't go back for a brazilian is that the walls are not floor to ceiling.  I just can't get past the fact that I can hear everything going on outside and they can hear me.  I love the business name though!
5 I am no stranger to brazilians, and was nervous to try a new salon after moving away from milwaukee (I was a regular at high brow in Whitefish bay). However, Megan P did an awesome and insanely speedy job.  I was seriously done in like 15 minutes flat and she was extremely thorough.  I also appreciate the type of wax she used, a sort of hybrid between hard and soft - it was effective yet didn't yank much at all.  Reasonably priced.  will be back!
4 First off, I absolutely love the ease of their online booking functionality. I could choose my desired service and quickly see which waxers were available in the morning, afternoon, or evening. I always find electronic appointment making much more convenient because I don't have to run the risk of the other person on the phone getting the date/time/desired service wrong, so props to Velvet for getting this right!  I showed up for my appointment and was quickly checked in and offered a seat in the waiting area. I'd signed up for a 10:45 slot with Megan, but I guess she was out for the day, because I got Brittany as my waxer instead. It wasn't like I really had any preference for a particular waxer since it was my first time at Velvet, but I was really looking forward to Megan's magical touch based on all the rave reviews below.  However, I was very happy with the thorough job that Brittany did! Although she recommended more than just one week of outgrowth for underarm waxing, she happily did mine anyway because I told her I'd be moving out of state soon and would rather have it done here where I'd found a reputable waxing studio. Overall, it wasn't particularly painful and Brittany even went back with tweezers and cleaned up anything the wax had missed. Like I said, thorough! She was speedy as well, and I was in and out in 10 minutes.  I would be back for sure if I was going to be staying in the Madison area. Unfortunately, it seems like I'll be off again in search of a good waxing place in the tri-state area..
3 I went to Velvet after stopping in several weeks ago and talking to one of the waxers. I can't remember her name but she was blonde with dreadlocks. She was super nice and knowledgeable. I had been wanting to get my first Brazilian and finally mustered up the courage. Pam was my waxer, and she seemed nice and friendly enough. She talked me through the ordeal, which I can say was really not as bad as I'd anticipated. When she was done she went through with a tweezers and cleaned up a few places wax had missed. The place felt/looked clean and I didn't have any qualms about hygiene.   Overall it was a pleasant experience, but it seems to be slightly different from others' experience there (at least according to all the Yelp reviews). I was not offered a mirror, but I saw it and used it after Pam left the room so I could change. I was also not offered chocolate after it was over, however I saw the dish and definitely took my own. When I got home I noticed there were a few places where it looked like the hair had broken off, so I cleaned those up with my own tweezers. I am not sure if that is normal, but some of them were in really noticeable places that I don't know how she could have not seen them. This being my first experience, I don't know whether that's normal or not.   I would definitely go back there, but I will likely choose to see a different waxer.
5 Tracy B made the awkward process of bikini waxing as easy and pain free as possible. She is quick and thorough! The studio is very professional, clean and pretty!
5 I've been to Velvet twice now and have had a great experience each time. Online booking is super easy and convenient! Brittany is wonderful. She is fast and as painless as waxing can be. I was in and out in less than 10 minutes. The salon is small but cute. The rooms are small and definitely not sound proof but I didn't see that as a huge negative. The prices are reasonable, more expensive than a nail salon or other strip mall kind of place, but cheaper than a fancy spa.  I will definitely be returning!
5 The most gentle wax I've ever had. Brittany is fantastic. Loved the ambiance. Had a Brazilian (not my first time) and it didn't hurt at all.
5 Velvet's waxing services are awesome. Brittany has given me 2 excellent (and thorough!) Brazilians. She was extremely professional and made me feel very comfortable during the appointment. It is well worth the price for the high quality service and not having to worry about hygiene issues.
5 Beautiful studio, courteous staff. I love the fact that they do waxing & nothing else. I've seen both Pam & Tracy, both were beyond awesome! They take the time to make you feel welcome & very comfortable! I had my first Brazilian here & it didn't hurt! Already have my next appointment set up, I won't go anywhere else ;) Try this wonderful studio & I guarantee you won't go anywhere else!
5 A wonderful experience every time. Online booking is easy and convenient!   The Velvet staff is professional, friendly, and do wonderful work.  They make clients feel very comfortable and the environment is warm and clean.  They do thorough work and can quickly get you in and out of the salon.   Prices are reasonable--some may find it a bit expensive but this is a case of you get what you pay for!  Always a good experience at Velvet!
5 I have always had excellent experiences at Velvet! The hot towels, makeup touch-ups using the ever-superior GloMinerals line and warm, friendly service are just extras. Maryna, whom I've been seeing for over a year now, is a truly talented esthetic professional. Nary a spare hair or ingrown bump to be found when she's done. Cannot recommend her or Velvet highly enough. The best waxes I've ever had.
4 I am very picky about my eyebrows. Velvet can definitely be TRUSTED to do a good job, so when you're at school don't be afraid to go to Velvet. That being said, they aren't nearly as good as my lady at home in Atlanta or the place I go when I am in Chicago (Floyd's on Milwaukee Ave).  It's $18-$22 for brows plus tip.
5 Had a brow & Brazilian wax with Taj. Seriously the most painless, fast, and smooth wax I've ever had. I'm not from Madison, but I wish I was now bc this place is that awesome! Would recommend it to anyone!
5 Best place to get waxed in Madison..Hand down. The staff is always friendly. They are quick and the place is always spotless! Keep up the great work ladies!
4 Although I was pretty satisfied with my 'Velvet' wax, I paid 50% more than I typically pay for a much more thorough (and painless) wax with my esthetician in New York. Although everything looked fine when I left the studio, I did have to do further clean-up with a pair of tweezers when I got home. However, for the options in the area, I think that the Velvet estheticians are still some of the best.  It helps that both waxers I have had so far have been friendly and conversational - which always makes dropping my pants in front of a complete stranger a little bit easier.   Too soon?
1 I went here for a Brazilian wax. I won't give the name of the employee I  saw but she took off a lot of my skin. I had scabs for at least a week and a half. Will never go back. For a place that specializes in waxing, I expected more. I would not recommend this place.
