1 Overall, Vivaldi Salon Suits seems like a pretty nice place aside from making you walk through a store awkwardly to go upstairs and get your hair done, but my review isn't about the place itself.  I've only been to one person there, Bruce Craig. I've always gotten my hair chemically straightened and overall that turned out okay except he never once told me I shouldn't shower after, I always had to ask. Anyways the second to last time I visited him I asked him if he could do my hair for my senior prom which was a few months away at that point. He said he would and I made an appointment for 11o'clock, the morning of April 16th which was the day of my prom.  By making my appointment several months in advance, I assumed that everything would go pretty smoothly. I was wrong. I got there and he wasn't just rude, he was convinced that my mother had some kind of jaw injury last time we were there, which was not the case. That's fine I'm sure he gets a lot of customers and it would be hard to remember them all, fine. Even after we seemed confused and corrected him he wouldn't drop it. I sat in the chair he suggested just straightening it. My hair is already pretty straight so I didn't want anything plain (absolutely not one person at the prom had just straightened hair. Not one.) and I told him I wanted it half up. Since his self given title is 'Stylist to the Stars' I didn't think there would be any complications but this is where the real problem started. He rudely informed me that he didn't do updo's and he said he would go around and ask other people there but it was /my/ fault because I waited until the last minute. Obviously everyone else there was booked. It was the day of prom, I never expected anything different. I left in tears and was eventually able to find a salon near a nearby grocery store that could get me in, but that ruined my morning.  Bruce Craig is rude, delusional, and apparently all he knows about styling is how to use a straightener like just about every female teenager in the United States. Really, its not that hard. Stylist to the Stars my butt. I will NEVER go back to him (despite the fact that I don't have a back up person to cut my hair, I'd rather never cut my hair again) and I suggest you don't either.
5 If you want  the best any salon can offer, then you must check out Vivaldi Salon Suites.  Choose from the Glendale, Peoria and soon to be Tempe locations.  You may ask, what's so great about Vivaldi Salon Suites?  Well the best professionals in hair care and styling, any woman regardless of her hair type can find the perfect Stylist for herself.  If you have a special occasion, this is a one stop oasis!  So you need your nails done, just go to Vivaldi for the latest in techniques available their techs years of training to insure you receive exactly what you want.  What all do the professionals at Vivaldi offer, hair care, nail care, skin care, massage, tooth whitening, spray tan, hair extensions, eyelash extensions, photography, wedding packages and anything else you can think of.  Check them out at www.vivaldisalonsuites.com today!
2 I tried to go see what Vivaldi Salons was all about because I really need a new stylist but when I went there was no one to greet me. All the suites are on the second floor so I walked upstairs and was checking out the place and it looked really nice but there wasn't any information on the stylists, no receptionist, and no one ever helped me as I walked around, probably looking pretty lost and confused.   Still interested in using the salon's services but they need a better system for walk-ins.
1 I called trying to get an appointment at this salon and the process is RIDICULOUS!  A receptionist answers who does not know the schedules of any of the nail techs.  She put me on hold, then put me on conference call with one tech in which I had to go through her individual schedule with her.  Nothing matched up, so then there was yet another conference call to another tech.  This process went on for sometime.  They then inform me that they are scheduling me for the Park West location, not the Glendale location.  I called to book for Glendale!  The whole thing is absurd.  Who wants to sit on the phone waiting to be connected with each individual person who works there, and repeating availability over and over with each one?!?!
5 Amy really knows her stuff! Fixed raggedly layers on the back of my head, cut on an angle that worked with my natural waves, and is working with me to grow out my hair for the first time in years -- and it looks great!
2 Really hard to schedule appointments as a first time guest. Must specify hair, nails, or makeup. (I wanted hair and makeup). Also, when selecting the group, you must further choose your technician before (hopefully) being given the opportunity to leave a message. No posted prices either.
5 Great salon! I made an appointment with Cameo after I purchased a groupon for the salon. She was awesome. My hair needed a trim and I wanted some highlights. Not only did she provide great service but she was so nice. I would definitely go again and I would recommend her to all of my friends.
5 I have been going to Bruce Craig 1/month for 2+ years for color, cut and style. His  classic styles  compliment rather than distract from my overall appearance. At every appointment I give him complete freedom  regarding color and  any style changes he recommends. I have never been disappointed!!!  He is a true artist and takes great pride in his work. He has a strong personality and is passionate about his work. He is also caring and intuitive. His prices are amazing and he is typically booked at least one month in advance.
