5 Open late, quick taco fix with double Decker taco. Its a hybrid taco that has soft taco outside filled with beans inside then another layer of hard shell taco then inside has beef tomatoes lettuce sourcream n sauce.. also had the Mexican pizza...mmmmm mmm good.
1 Boy do I love the Mexican pizza but outside of that not so much.
3 I had to write a review about this because it's hilarious to me that some wrote a review and gave the service a good note but the food a bad one.  Ha Ha!  It's Taco Bell.  It should only be consumed when you're drunk, hungover, or just want to punish yourself!  Don't get me wrong, I love it, but's horrible for you.  I feel like if you go to Taco Bell you know this.  Just me?
3 Note to self:  the chicken in the chicken taco looks suspect.  Against my better judgment I tried a couple of bites of my chicken taco.  The chicken was so white it scared me, lol.  It wasn't awful but it was terribly bland and almost appeared undercooked.   On the bright side, this place is clean, service is quick, and the doritos locos taco is pretty good.
2 Service is always slow and usually not very nice...the food, well it's Taco bell so it's good..
5 Taco Bell has always been a favorite fast food restaurant but the service here is what made the visit.  Drive thru, little bit of a line but was offered cini twists for the wait and advised to be careful with food because its fresh and could burn.  This Taco Bell cares about its customers =] I'm a picky eater and got a few special items and had no issues.
4 Polite staff.....and two (and a half?) Words..... Cinnabun bites.  They are mire like warm cream puffs than cinnabuns, but I am sad that they only come four to an order, and happy that they are served all day.
5 Breakfast burrito or AM crunch wrap, both delicious, truly freshly made and not that expensive for breakfast.  I don't know about the waffle breakfast taco, it doesn't look very good and I won't try it. A GREAT idea Taco Bell, but I doubt that the workers there are too happy to be up so early in the morning.
2 This taco bell to me is wayy different then the other taco bells around. This one is one of the worst in the valley. The staff is very polite but the food is not good at all. I suggest going to the one on warm springs! Soo much better over there it's worth the drive.
1 I use to go to the drive-thru several times a week for the last couple of months it is very slow getting through even if I only have one car in front of me it seems to take forever I don't know if its new employees or what but I've certainly cut my visits down.  They have to drive thru windows here where you can pay at one pick up your food is another perhaps they need to start implementing the second window
4 I feel a little silly writing a review for a fast food chain because really, the food is the same no matter where you go - or it should be at least. But I have to write a review for this location because their service is so fantastic!  I always drive through and am greeted by someone in a cheery voice. For example, "How are you today?" "I'm good thanks, how are you?" "I'm doing taco-tastic, thanks for asking!" or if you say you need a minute before ordering, "Sorry, we're all out of minutes, would you like some seconds instead?" I would accuse all the employees of being high on the job (it IS taco bell, after all), but they're all so perky that that can't possibly be it.   One time they forgot my cinnabon bites and I had to go back for them - no sweat getting them, but inconvenient because making u-turns in this town is a huge hassle.   Still, even though the Warm Springs location is closer for me, I always come to the Horizon Ridge one just because they are so much nicer to interact with. One time at the Warm Springs location, they handed me my food and said, "here you go" and turned away. No "thank you," no "have a nice day," nothing! I don't get out a lot, and if the only interaction I'm going to have all day is with a taco bell employee, I want it to be a pleasant one! (Boy that last line makes me sound SUPER pathetic.....)
