5 This location is SO much better than its Arrowhead counterpart. How the customer service can vary so drastically between locations is crazy! This location makes you feel welcome and cared for the minute you walk in. The lobby is nice and the people are always willing to help with any paperwork or timing questions. I had to have an MRI done at this location recently and I am understating it when I say I loathe MRI's. I took the meds my doc prescribed before the procedure, but it was only in combination with the above and beyond help of the tech that I made it trough. She provided music in noise canceling headphones, and was thoughtful enough to suggest a washcloth over my eyes to keep me from peeking and getting freaked out. After the hour long test was done, she actually gave me a hug and congratulated me on making it though! It was beyond sweet!  From now on, I will ask to be referred to this Thunderbird location over the closer Arrowhead location. It's worth the extra drive for that kind of service!   Thank you!!!!
1 Too bad there are no minus stars because I would have given them minus 5! Worse experience ever from an imaging place. They did not coordinate with my physician so there was no script for my scan. Fine, so called my doctor's office to get one faxed, almost three hours later I was still waiting. I was told by a technician I wasn't on time for my appt. so I'd have to wait because other pts.were on time. But, I had arrived early, and had followed orders not to eat or drink for 8 hrs. prior. They dropped the ball not making sure my orders for the scan were there. The intake receptionist seemed more focused on lunch breaks because as soon as I arrived (at 8 AM) I head her talking about whether she'd be able to take a lunch or not. Meanwhile, I'm nauseous, dehydrated and anxious. Only after I really complained she called the manager to smooth things over, but I was still left waiting! I finally gave up and left. Never go to this uncaring facility. Can anybody here in Arizona do the job they're paid to do. Worse customer service and patient handling EVER.
1 I had the displeasure of accompanying someone here twice this week. The first time, after 10 pages of paperwork, paying the copay, and 40 minutes of waiting we were advised the MRI machine was broken and rescheduled to the Arrowhead location. (More on that location later) After speaking to another person waiting in the lobby...the MRI was broken BEFORE we even checked in.  There is no WiFi here.  Today we were back at the tbird location and you guessed it.....more of the same 10 pages of paperwork...even though we were back for the same MRI scan from the other day.   This location is dark, dirty, crowded and the lobby reeks. Both days were greeted with an extremely "low rent" crowd that would unhook from their oxygen tanks to go right outside the front door, smoke, and then come back in and complain how their (insert Dr, Insurance company, elected official, or oxygen provider name here) doesn't know "shit about medicine". Then proceed to cough to the point of soiling themselves, or so it would seem given the smells.   The Arrowhead location by comparison was clean, bright, staffed by friendly people, and smelled fantastic. They accepted the paperwork from the other location without question and even joked about the ludicriousness of having us fill out the forms again. I guess it is all about location when attracting positive types of people. Unfortunately we had an issue with the MRI there as well that day and were scheduled back at the tbird location for today. The Arrowhead location has WiFi available.  Wonky equipment, endless clipboards of redundant paperwork, admitting appointments despite broken machinery....there is very little I can say about Insight Imaging tbird that is not negative so I will stop here.
