5 He's been the top vote-getting General Dentist in Phoenix Magazine for three years in a row for a REASON, folks. He has an office in Chandler and in Mesa but even if you live in Minnesota, he's worth the drive.
5 I came to Dr. Jenkins about 4 years ago, after more than a decade of avoiding all dentists.  I was absolutely terrified of the dentist after several traumatic experiences as a child/adolescent, a lot of pain, and sub-par dental work.  The entire office was very understanding, supportive, and reasuring.    Kim has been especially helpful in putting me at ease.  I think she is just the best dental hygenist in the world!  She is extremely competent and kind.  She always has a story to tell, remembers details about me as a patient and as a person, and knows exactly how to work with nervous/scared patients.  All of my dental work has been completed flawlessly (numerous cleanings, a handful of fillings, two crowns, and one root canal, and one in-office whitening) and painlessly.  Dr. Jenkins is thorough, kind, and a consumate professional.    The office staff is all very friendly and competent.  They organize great events to get people engaged and interested in their dental health.  There have been photo contests for flossing on location (I won, btw), drawings and raffles, and special offers through their Facebook page.  I never thought I would say that a dental office is fun, but they certainly are!  The bottom line is that they provide the highest quality care and professional staff.  I cannot imagine going anywhere else in the valley for my dental care.
5 There are never enough nice things to mention about the staff at North Stapley Dental Care, the front office is always smiling and beaming with delight. The assistants and hygienists never seize to amaze me with their information and patient care, I always look forward to visiting at my next appointment. Every doctor is a leap above any other dentist I've ever seen, They are genuinely so kind and knowledgeable I've never felt so comfortable..
5 This is the best dental office ever! I am terrified of dentists and put off any dental care until I broke a tooth. Rebelle reassured me about the process and because of her, I gave Dr. Jeremy Miller a chance. What a great decision! Dr, Miller did my implant and made it as comfortable as possible. Everyone in the office is very caring, accomodating and comforting. Kara did my deep cleaning which was way overdue and she was very gentle and caring. Dr. Miller did all of my fillings in one visit to ease my anxiety. Then Dr. Miller called me himself to check up on my well being. I would HIGHLY recommend this dental care office to anyone...especially if you are a nervous patient like me.
1 I had a basic abscess and Dr. Jenkins lanced it. Ironically, I had a life threatening septic blood infection weeks later. He refused to accept responsibility for it. They are very nice there, but this was really bad. Now $15k out of pocker later, my health is poor and I fear dentists. Thanks Chet.
5 So I was waiting to write this review because I know how a person's experience may largely depend on who they get at the dentist's office or if someone is having a bad day.  Well by now I have had 5 or 6 visits, had my entire mouth done (fillings, root canal & crown, deep cleaning) so I feel like I can now be completely honest about my experience.  I loved this place. (How's that for a short and sweet review?)  On a serious note - I had to wait almost a year with a huge hole in my mouth that could not get fixed because I was pregnant. Once I was cleared to go to the dentist I researched Yelp and asked on my job's facebook page for their dentist recommendations.  I called several places and explained my situation and made it clear that I need to take care of that issue asap.  With North Stapley Dental they were able to squeeze me in for a quick check up right away.  And before I left the office that day I had a print out of everything that needed to be done to my mouth, the estimated cost of the work and what my payment options were.  I was not pressured to make any decisions which gave me the freedom to figure out my game plan.  Every single person I have encountered there has been absolutely wonderful. Kim, Morgan, Dulce, Julie - were all so kind and simply brilliant.  Every time I came in they remembered what we talked about and seemed genuinely interested in my life.  Out of the doctors I had Dr. Miller for all my appointments.  He was great too - very gentle, making sure I was not in pain, putting my mind at ease by sharing funny stories.  I also love how every month their office has something different going on that all the staff and patients can participate in.  In October they had the pumpkin contest.  In November they had a Thanksgiving tree. In December they are collecting non-perishable food for a local charity.  I have learned that some staff traveled to third world countries and did work there.  Some are involved in helping out and offering their services at local charities, including Mission of Mercy.    After seeing how they all genuinely care about people - I am convinced that they very well may be the best dental care office around.  I am now caught up with all the work that needed to be done to my mouth... and I do not have a single complaint about the quality of their work.
5 I am so very happy I chose this dental office. They were able to get me in right away. I was so very nervous and Dr Miller calmed me down and let me know that regardless of what my needs were that I would be taken care of and that calming patient's and making them 100% comfortable was there goal with all patients. I had not been to the dentist in about 18 years, since I was a teenager. I went for a pain in the left side and while I was there he said lets get a comprehensive exam done and see what needed to be done. I did that and his assistant Morgan was amazing and so nice. After that the Hygenist Kim said that she would like to start my deep cleaning. So I went in for one thing and was given the works. The staff was amazing. I have never been to an office where everyone you see smiles at you and asks you how you are doing. I felt like the only patient when I was there. I was explained the cost and what my insurance covered. I was fully aware of everything. They really work with you and care for you as a person. I will be making them my family dentist and truly recommend this office to anyone.
