3 The prices are excellent and my experience with their waxing services has been good. But here's why I'm not going back.   I gave a 15% tip for a $30 bill (waxing, manicure). The technician looked at me, scoffed and repeated that the bill was $30 (implying I should give more).  I was shocked.  She got me to go .50 higher, but I regret that now. I should have pulled the tip all together.  I will not be returning to Green Nails and would not recommend them because of their customer service.
5 Green Nail Spa is EXCELLENT!!! From the first time I called to the first time I visited I received awesome service. Their prices are great and my I loved the way my nails looked turned out. The owner sat and talked with me, she is so sweet and the lady who did my nails was amazing. She surprised me with a bottle of water at the beginning and an amazing massage at the end. It was one of the best places I have EVER been to and I have already told several of my friends and I will most definitely return and make this my new nail place forever!!! Thank you Nancy and Whitney for taking such good care of me! :)
5 Visited on a Sunday and they are very busy on Sundays so be prepared. This is to be expected due to not many salons are open on Sundays. Well once we got started it was very nice! The equipment was very clean, and modern.
5 OK peeps, I love this place!!! First Nancy is not only adorable but incredibly sweet!! I have been going to Green for over a year and every time have had excellent service. They offer a service called SNS Nails. YOU HAVE to try this. It helps your natural nails to grow out stronger and healthier by adding 5 different kind of Vitamins and Calcium. SNS is applied in a powder form and does not need any UV light. Come on in and try SNS or any of their other service's...their pedicures are to die for too!    Anne M.  ( :
5 They are always pleasant and the place is always clean.  Great prices and I love the SNS nails over getting acrylic.
1 I cannot believe I fell for the ratings on this place. I wish I would have stuck with what I know is safe. I have never felt so out of place and like a battered dog in a way because of one lady's lack of customer service to be nice. She was yelling at me the whole time saying I was taking my nails out of the Uv light when I wasn't. All I was doing was restarting the lights so it would start up again. So she wouldn't yell at me for that as well. Even yelling at me for not drying my hands after washing when there was no paper towels available and when I tried to explain that to her she looked at me like I was crazy and started screaming at me to go back and dry my hands. When I stood there and waited I went back scared to even approach the table again she handed me a single piece of paper towel. Second time around after my nails were done after all of her yelling at me for not leaving my hands under the uv light in which she failed to realize time and time again I was obeying her every order and just trying to trigger the uv light to start up again; I stood near the sink after I finished washing my hands the second time noticing that there was a man eventually going to realize I had no available paper towel.  The saddest part about this whole experience is the design on my nail looks nothing like the picture I wanted I didn't care that my nails were short; you can easily improvise if you are a nail artist. I don't even understand the logic in this. I'm absolutely embarrassed to show people the "designs" on my nails to say the least. I will post a picture of the job she did and the little straggler hair that is buried in my nail in which you can see easily. How she missed it is beyond me. It is quite obvious she hated me so I refused to tip her for that.  I am sorry in order for me to tip you, you have to do a good job and be somewhat nice and she failed miserably on both accounts. The funny part about the trip to this horrid place is they offered me a punch card like I'm really going to spend a dollar here a second time. That's a joke!  They are lucky I was more scared of the place then livid otherwise I would have thrown the punch card at them.  Sorry. Just sayin.. :(   Last but not least the gel coating was so thick the next and best place I went to in Tempe thought they had put on acrylic but in reality she just over coated my nails most likely on purpose. I don't see how people like this place. I brought a friend with me to give them more business and both of us hated this place.
5 Can't say enough good about Nancy & her team.  Very good experience. All around.  Took me two +weeks to find a salon close to Gilbert Rd & Chandler Heights Rd that offered the SNS products/process.  Best nail products around.  Very healthy process, no smell, let's your natural nails breath,, etc., etc., etc.  Can't say enough good about the product.   Nancy was sooooo understanding  & helpful.  Will go back in a heart beat.  Less expensive too than what was paying in CA .   Great pedicure too.  Thank you Nancy for being my angel for the day.   See you soon.
