5 I love the Acacia Gardens and the park. The gardens are to the right when you drive into the park parking lot. The landscaping is beautiful and there are many photo opportunities here. When you walk the gardens you will come to a path and bridge the bikers use where when you look out you will see the Fiesta of Henderson across on the other side off the 215. When you look down at the rocks you see hundreds of chipmunks which can be a little like a horror flick possibly called  Attack the Chipmunks. The kids love to watch them. When you walk on the path to the park area you come to a dog area with a fenced area for large dogs and small dogs to play. Then to the right you have the baseball diamonds and to the left a big grass area where you can fly a kite or sunbathe. Then walking straight to the play area which as a swing set, water features and two structures, one for the real little ones and one for the older kids. There are two areas that are covered and can be rented for parties and the restrooms were clean and actually had doors on the bathroom stalls and toilet seats. I just love this park. I will post pictures real soon. You have to come here. Very nice with or without kids and with or without dogs.
4 I really like this park.    So first off, it has a dog park (why else would I go to a park if there was no place for the dog to run, seriously?), and that gets it major points.  When I moved back to the Henderson area, I went searching for this place and I'm glad I found it again.  It's off Horizon Ridge east of Gibson a bit in a residential area.  The dog park here is on the small side but it's well-lit, clean, and there are poop-bag dispensers and a working water fountain at dog height.  Yay!  Also, for the most part, the people and the dogs tend to be pleasant.   So the rest of the park is pretty awesome too! The acacia gardens provide a really soothing walk, though it is wise to keep your dog on a short leash because there are bunnies and quail that dart around.  I like the bunnies and the quail, so the dog is kept firmly in check.    There are large grass fields where I've seen soccer leagues and dog obedience trials going on, and the walk around the park is, again, well-lit and clean.  Also, the parking is plentiful!  Again, I really like this park and I'm glad to have rediscovered it.
4 This is a great park that overlooks the I-515 / I-215 interchange. It has connections to the Union Pacific Railroad Trail, and a dog park. It also has a nice looking baseball field, soccer field, and a tennis court that is lit at night.   But if you have a 3 year old this place has a pretty enjoyable playground and a small water area that makes for a lot of fun on a summer day. A small shelter house with concrete picnic tables gives you a place to setup for a small picnic lunch, or if you go after dark the play area and shelter house was pretty well lit up and we felt safe here. .   Overall Acacia is just another reason why I like living in Henderson.
4 The gardens themselves are lovely. A nice little oasis in the desert. We saw multiple bunnies & chipmunks. Theres a dogpark in this area too only drawback is if you dont know its there, youll never find it. Id rate this area a 5.  The playground was just average - a 3.   Averaged together you get a 4.    A nice place to play with the kids or the dogs.
5 Great place to go for a stroll, especially beautiful in the spring/summer, also amazing for pictures!
5 Love this park. Mikey plays in the splash pad for hours!!!!! Great for parties and family get togethers. BBQs next to splash pad and bathrooms. Lots to do for the whole family.
4 Cute neighborhood park. Decent sized playground, small splashpad, lots of open space, dog park, and the demonstration gardens. A decent-sized pavilion and a couple bbqs near the playground. Bonus is the connections to the Union Pacific RR trail. It's not too close to my house, but I might stop by on a long bike ride.
