3 This large mansion type building has huge grounds with benches for customers to use in summer months. It does the 241 deal on meals and for what you pay thay are not too bad but service behind bar especially is terrible with queues constantly.
3 I'd never been to a Toby Carvey before.  I've never lived close to one and it's really not the kind of place I would seek out to try.    But, when I moved to my new house, The Man and I discovered the the nearest place to get a drink was the Carvery.  It's located where a place called The Balmwell used to be, and we were disppointed not to have been in the area to visit in the Balmwell days as it sounded like a nice family place to go.    One evening on a walk home, we decided to see what it looked like.  It's a bit intriguing as it's set back on what appears to be part of an estate for a stately home.  One of the houses on our street looks like it may have once been the gatehouse for this place.   It is GORGEOUS.  The bulidng is absolutely stunning, and has big doors which open out to a manicured lawn full of picnic tables.  It's the kind of place where you would want to get married... if only it wasn't a Toby Carvery.    So, with that in mind, one hungover morning when our house was full of tradesmen, we decided to give breakfast a shot.  I believe they serve brekfast from 8 to 10 and it's something like £4.95 for a full breakfast, and £1.95 for an unlimited amount of tea or coffee.  When we arrived, shortly after 8, the place was empty but for two workers.  The waitress was lovely and asked if we had the 2-4-1 vouchers.  When we said we didn't have any, she brought us a whole handful of vouchers and explained how they worked.  So, high marks on customer service.  The food, though, was really pretty sub par.  The bacon and black pudding (I didn't even try the sausage, the The Man said it was only just about edible) were just not nice, and could potentially have been salvaged if I had tons of ketchup to slather on them, but that was nowhere to be seen.  I focused my attention on my egg which wasn't cooked enough, the hash browns which were "meh" and the toast, which was of course just fine.  Even with a hangover, it was just too greasy and too cheap.    It was also hard not to notice the children's hand prints ALL OVER the windows.  Did they just not bother cleaning that, knowing it would happen all over again?  It's a bit gross.    When we left at 9am, only one other table had come in.  This was a Saturday morning as well.  They surely can't be making any kind of profit on the breakfast and as a result buy in very poor quality food.    Admittedly, I would return to try their dinner, but defintiely not the breakfast.    Five stars are for gorgeous location and service, one for food.
5 I went here with my fiancee Suzanne today to celebrate her 25th birthday and the place is as good as it can possibly get. The staff are so polite, the food was brilliant and the atmosphere was friendly and welcoming. If your at the south of Edinburgh I strongly recommend it . The place is ideal for family's, small nights out and friendly get together's.
4 Can't go wrong with all you can eat at a great price!
4 Only been here once so far , all you can eat breakfast on a sunday morning. It's not hote cuisine by any means , but at 9.00 am on a Sunday morning it was superb. Sausage , bacon , eggs , potato rosti , rough fried potato and onions , toast , beans , tomatoes (not tinned) , lots of jams , marmalades , etc etc ,as many trips to the hotplate as you want  ,  backed up with free refills of coffee and tea , all at £5.99 each , excellent , and we had no dishes to do when we got home. Food was okay , but they kept filling up with freshly cooked refills . First set of dishes were not as clean as they should be , but replaced on pointing out to staff. Small point , visited toilets during our time here , they were spotless and had a good fresh smell to them. All in all , will revisit for a full meal next time and let you all know.
1 Since I hardly ever give out 1-stars I will keep this short and sweet. Was not a fan of the food. Just didn't taste right, you got all you can eat veggies and potatoes but not meat??? You go to a carvery for the meat so why shouldn't you get more then 3 measly slices??? Service blew, had a wait around for a table while the place was practically deserted, had to wait for the "Chef" to carve my table scraps. Was not impressed although when I left and then checked my receipt Im pretty sure they screwed up and didn't charge me the full amount or something cause it was real cheap. Unless of course the food WAS that cheap which is a possibility. Anyways avoid this place its just like another crappy Wetherspoons chain I am sure there are better carvery places in the city.
