5 Gregory at MP K9 Dog Training has been training our GSD Zorra for a few months and I have to say we could not be happier!  His professionalism and knowledge of dog training are exemplary.  We have recommended MP K9 to many for our neighbors and friends.  Thank you Gregory!
1 If you do not mind using negative reinforcement on your dog (i.e. shock collar) than MPK9 is for you.  The "Master Trainer" is or was associated with another GSD/CGC training facility called Goldstar.  Among many in the German Shepard Dog community, this is someone most would avoid.  Do your research as there are many good trainers in the Las Vegas Valley.  Watch out for the shilled reviews (reviews all posted on the same day).  German Shepherd Advocate
5 On behalf of myself and family we want to personally thank MP K9 & Gregory. We have a 5 year old (f) Shiba Inu she was only spayed 2 weeks prior to our 8 week old Shikoku (f) puppy coming into our home. Out Shiba is one of the best dogs we have ever had and are really proud of her and her natural instincts. But when she met puppy it was me who was creating the problem for my girls- not them. I was afraid we would lose the personality that we love so much what makes our Shiba special to us and that our Shikoku puppies personality would already be destroyed from the Shiba.  Before this got totally out of hand I needed someone here immediately with much more experience than I. I'm dealing with 2 very primitive natured dogs who's bloodlines go back 8-12,000 B.C. Being that we are a Law Enforcement and Military family when we found MP K9 & Gregory we knew he was the one who we needed in our home. After calling Gregory he scheduled us right away  and was over in a couple of hours. His 25+ years of disciplined experience shines through on his professionalism character and attitude. After viewing the situations I was creating in my home and for the girls it was more me who he gave the lessons to. That the girls are going to just have to do their own things naturally and that my older Shiba is setting the boundaries and ground rules of the home.. I needed someone to come into our home and immediately assess this situation, give myself the ground and understanding - the skills to take steps in the right direction for myself and the girls. Well he did just that. We where already having positive play sessions by the end of the day. Also I should mention- he suggested that I go to our Petsmart and get lessons done with our puppy there.  I was saying how I was actually inquiring about them the night prior but didn't sign up because I needed someone here immediately to assess what was going on. He still suggested that we sign up- which we are taking your advice for Kima (puppy) as well as Heart (Shiba). When someone from a competing business recommends another that just goes to show myself and family the extent and level of what MP K9 is all about- what is best for your fur babies- and yourself. We can't thank MP K9 enough for helping me give myself the foot I needed to get the ground to these girls off on a positive direction and they are already becoming the BFF's I knew and hoped they would be.
5 After losing our American German Shepherd, we got a GERMAN German Shepherd. Big difference. Our Xephyr came from a line of very intelligent dogs, and to not allow her to use that intelligence would be a dishonor to her. Thankfully, we were given a business card for MP-K9 training. After calling and meeting with Greg, we decided on training her to be a service animal. Xephyr and I trained with Jaymi and he has been a fantastic teacher/trainer for BOTH of us. We have continued with the group classes which are such a bonus, and we learn something new at every class. MP-K9 will work with you to help you have a well trained, socialized canine and with that comes a lifelong relationship with you and your best friend. A well trained animal makes for a happy animal and a happier household. Best investment we have ever made!
