5 I made a promise to myself in 2011, I was going to have more time for myself, my family. One thing that took away a lot of my weekends and evenings, was cleaning my house. I know, pick up after yourself and this wouldn't be an issue! But, its more than that and that is where Marie stepped in. She is incredible, she gets done in 2 hours what it takes 6 hours for me to do. She mops, vaccumns, picks up, dusts the tops of my bookcase and cleans my windows. My house has never looked so good and I've never been so thrilled to show it off. Best money I've ever spent! 2011 is looking great for me!
5 I wish I had before and after pictures!  Marie did a cleanup on our empty rental - the toilets and showers never looked so good.  The rest of the house was spectacular as well.  She's thorough and very hard working.  Well worth the money.  We will use her again.
5 What a pleasure to have a cleaning service go the extra mile to clean my home. I was very pleased that my home had that like new feel and aroma. The house never looked so good. Marie left nothing but great things to say about her attention to details in her cleaning process. I highly recommend her to all my friends who need their house or apartment cleaned .........worth every penny.  Bill
5 I am so happy I found Marie !! I was so overwhelmed with work and kids that when it came to the cleaning project I had at home I didn't know where to start so the mess just got bigger. I started to have anxiety that I was going to end up on that TV show hoarders. That's when Marie came in she cleaned my whole house top to bottom. I felt like Whitney Houston in waiting to exhale I felt so relieved  a huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. Marie left my house sparkling clean
5 What a pleasant surprise to come home to a clean and dust free home ! I have been needing to get someone to clean the house from top to bottom for months. Marie did such an awesome job I could not believe this was my house. Not one thing was left overlooked. I reccomend her to all my friends.
5 Awesome service!! They did a phenomenal job in great time. I would recommend them to anyone and will be signing up for regular cleaning. Great people and great price!
5 Marie and her crew had their work cut out for them when I hired them to do a deep clean of my house.   She charged a super reasonable price.  They did an excellent job!
5 Marie and her team are fantastic! Flexible with schedule and always go above and beyond. Great with all of our pets and working around the boys' lego creations that are usually out on a desk or table when she arrives.
5 I have 6 dogs in my house, yes 6.  Which means my house gets a lot of dirt tracked in from outside.  I've always done everything myself, fixing things, cleaning, etc.  Well, I decided I've had enough I need help with my house, it's a lot of work to keep up with everything myself.  So I hired Marie to come out and clean the house.  As I worked, she was cleaning the house.  She did such a great job, and I was even able to hold a conference call with her cleaning.  Nothing was overlooked, it is immaculate.  So immaculate, I want to have her come every month and do the same thing.  Thanks Marie, I really appreciate it, wonderful job.  I'm spreading your name like wildfire among the dog community right now, hopefully it gets you more business!
5 SPARKLING clean. My home cleaning had lagged far behind and caring for other things in life has left me feeling stretched thin right now. Calling marie was a big relief!   She was friendly and worked HARD for her money. My house was dazzling when she left. Well done, Marie.
5 Marie and her team did an excellent job cleaning my house.  I have used other cleaning services in the valley and this topped them all.  From cleaning the tops of door jams to picture frames to kitchen cabinets and everything in between was immaculate.  I am going to have her and her team back monthly from now on because I am confident that the job they will do is great.
5 Maria is fantastic. Arranged for a deep clean of our house, a house that we have been remodeling, and she did an amazing job. All the fine dust from the work we've been doing was cleaned off even the most stubborn places. Maria kept me informed of the timing and costs along the way. It was so awesome to walk into the house and have it looking great and feeling fresh. Thank you!
