4 This gorgeous (albeit small) studio in the Machinery Row building makes for an easy way for me to practice yoga when I am up in Madison visiting my parents. Super convenient location (right off the bike path), tons of classes during the day, and a Groupon deal pretty much guaranteed a visit from me!    This is a hot yoga studio (for the most part) but not Bikram. I've stopped in for two Flow classes, one from Kelly and one from Cari, and both were great. Like I said, the studio is on the smaller side (maybe 10 mats maximum?), but there is a separate room for purses, shoes, and a few changing areas curtained off. Not sure if there are showers...  I really loved Cari's class...I'll be back soon!
4 I must start by saying I have no idea how much it actually costs to go to The Studio as I am in the middle of a 10 class Groupon, but I can say that I have never had as enriching a yoga experience at any other yoga studio.   A big bonus is the sheer number of classes each day. Part of why I have not had good luck with yoga is that I often go at the end of the work day, my brain is still running full steam and I am anxious to get home. As a result, I am rarely able to really relax and focus on my practice. Because The Studio offers classes over the lunch hour each day I have been able to take a break at noon, recharge, really concentrate and not worry about getting to the next thing--what am I going to be in a hurry to get back to the office.  The temperature is not nearly as high as I understand most Bikram studios to be, but I find it very pleasant at approximately 90-95 degrees.  I will continue to go and hope another groupon rolls around sometime soon as I only have five classes left on my current pass.
4 UPDATED.   My initial very frustrated and dramatic review read as follows:  Bililng practices are at best negligent and at worst fraudulent.    I started going to the studio per a groupon.  I enjoyed the experience so much that I purchased a discounted 20 pack of classes.  When I purchased the classes, my credit card was charged.  However, the purchase didn't show up in my online account so I couldn't schedule classes.  I called The Studio and they told me that they'd credited the classes to another student but they did remedy the situation.   Fast forward about 6 months and I am reviewing my credit card statement.  Lo and behold a mysterious charge from the Studio shows up for $130.  I have not even been back there in months and certainly have not authorized any transactions to this business.  I am now disputing the charge via my credit card.   The yoga is great but all these terrible billing practices make it not worth your time in the long run.  Updates:  After reading this, the studio owner went out of her way to contact me to try and correct the error.  She contacted me several times over a month and offered to resolve the issue in minutes if I called her.  I couldn't manage to find time to call her, but she refused to give up and tracked down my information and resolved the situation in a way that goes above and beyond what can be expected from a business owner.  I can certainly say that although I was frustrated by the two billing mixups, this business went out of its way to accomodate and help me, even when I couldn't go out of my way to try and correct the error.  I am thus updating my review to 4 stars- not quite 5 due to the initial errors- but they certainly get 5 for the way they managed this.    Also, as previously mentioned, the yoga is great.
2 Today I went to The Studio. I had bought a groupon for 5 visits a while back and was only able to go a couple times as I had been very ill. I bought the 2nd groupon for 10 visits and decided to start up again today. I signed up online and when I got there the woman at check in said the groupon was for "first timers" only and would not let me use it because I was not first time new.  I had checked this very carefully when I bought it but apparently had missed this fine print. I really, honestly did not see this or would not have purchased it. Anyway, I guess that was my own fault but I would have liked a bit more "customer service" at the check in. She wasn't going to let me in at all and said I had to pay if I stayed but after a bit of convincing she let me in the class for the day. Overall I have not been impressed with the customer service at the desk the few times I was there. Seemed a bit snobby to me. I did enjoy Nicole's class and especially enjoyed Robin's because she made me feel like she was not in the room. I've been to quite a few Yoga studios in Madison that are much more down to earth. I won't go back to The Studio. Just didn't feel welcomed or comfortable there.
5 I had several sessions here in 2011: Hot Yoga, Not Hot Yoga, 30+ This is an amazing beautiful space (high ceilings, brick walls, beautiful flooring, views of the lake) with great instructors. They are sensitive to your skill level and are able to tailor instruction accordingly. I do enjoy being able to schedule appointments online - and pay for single sessions instead of buying a package. I've always left feeling rejuvenated.
5 I have been to The Studio several times. So far, I have had an amazing experience. Everyone is friendly and courteous. The instructors are knowledgable an challenging. The hot tea served after the class is one of the best parts. I highly recommend The Studio for everyone from the novice to the experienced yogi!
5 I love, love, LOVE this yoga studio!  I have done a variety of yoga classes at different locations in Madison over the years, but never really practiced regularly.  I felt so wonderful after a class at The Studio that I am now hooked.  I try to attend class twice a week, and might increase that if time allows.  I started by using a Groupon and will continue on as a paying client.  The Studio provides a lot of interesting classes, workshops, and has an array of impressive teachers, although I've only practiced with two.  I can't wait to see what else they have to offer!!  Beautiful space with a great atmosphere, too.
4 Great classes, perfect temp in the room (around 90-95), great teachers.  I've been here a few times and have enjoyed it each time.  Will continue to go here.
5 An update to my earlier review: I've now been a member at The Studio for about eleven months.   I love it. The frequent availability of classes is terrific, the instructors are unique and all wonderful. The staff is warm, friendly, and always remembers your name.  More than anything else I have committed to my practice at The Studio because of the quality of the instructors and the beautiful setting.  Perhaps best of all is that there are no long-term contracts (three months to start; month to month thereafter) . While I have no intention of discontinuing, it is nice to know I am not on the hook for a year at a time.
2 I had the same experience with Groupon use as other reviewers did. It was not clear that if you had purchased a Groupon in the past they would not honor another Groupon purchase. I was all set for yoga and was turned away after having been a regular there in the past. Sad to say I'll be looking for another yoga studio after the bad vibes.
4 This is an update to my previous review. After writing that review I was contacted by Kathleen, the owner, who apologized for the poor customer service and offered me 20 free class passes. I didn't think I would go back but several months later decided to try it and the passes were still available. I have been going regularly and really have enjoyed it a lot. Most of the instructors are great and the people at the desk have been courteous. Now that the passses are expired I decided to buy a membership. I'm only disappointed that I missed the new membership sign-up deal they are having by ONE day! :(  As well the recent classes I've attended have been VERY full -- one had 30 people in the small space. It was hard to spread out and you had to be more conscious of opening your arms, etc. Overall I really like the space and instructors and it's worth the 3 month trial period to see if I want to continue.
5 Had a great experience here for the two weeks my partner and I were visiting Madison over the holidays.  Their classes are great and the teachers are exceptional.  There was even a mix-up one day with the schedule, and as an apology we got an extension on our passes and free tea cups.  The atmosphere is great and really allows you to relax and enjoy a book and some tea before class.  Amazing.  Will be back the next time we are in Madison.
5 Probably my favorite spot in Madison besides my own bed. I am always talking about The Studio to my cowokers, members, friends, family ect ect ect. I originally purchased a groupon for The Studio and then bought a 20 class package because I couldn't get enough. Here is where I first tried hot yoga. The first time was rough because I didn't even think to bring a water bottle but there on after I practiced about twice a week. It's really hard to leave one yoga studio after you fall in love with it and that is why I still drive the 30 minutes to the other side of Madison to practice at The Studio. I highly recommend taking a class with the owner, Kathleen or Justin Rivas. Both are high end teachers (Justin tends to make yoga humorous in a relaxing way, which I love!) so their classes are generally very full but that makes the energy in the sanctuary even more worth the sweat.
4 Beautiful studios, good teachers.. but at times the classes are almost too packed. Be sure to register in advance.
5 New and improved! The Studio moved into a substantially larger space in June and it is stunning! In addition to bringing on terrific new instructors for the expanded (slightly) schedule, the studio also added showers/changing rooms.   The atmosphere is nearly identical to the old space (in the same building), and the new amenities are wonderful.  Get your sweat on.
5 My favorite yoga place in town. I got to know this place from a one month unlimited groupon I purchased last year. They began in a smaller space in the same building but always had that comforting yoga berry tea to warm their patrons before and after yoga. This year in end September, they expanded their space and you can access it from both Williamson Street and the Sardine parking lot.  Kathleen is the owner and I love that she is very innovative and comes up with classes for all interests and skills. For beginners, you can start with a beginner workshop that lasts 4 weeks to gain the confidence you need in yoga. For couples, there are occasional 2 hour workshops that let you explore practicing yoga together and achieving further limits. There's also yoga barre classes which look very interesting but I'm probably not athletic enough to try out. For people who are looking into getting fit, there are also 8 week workshops to help you achieve your goals.  My favorite classes are gentle flow and the restorative yoga sessions. John on Thursday evenings has a really good series going on and Kathleen's classes are also very relaxing on Sunday evenings. Most of these classes except beginner and restorative yoga are in a heated environment, which provides a great workout and sweat loss! In the current location, the basement also has shower rooms for people who need to get refreshed before heading out for their activities!   Love the variety of programs and place to hang out before and after classes. Students get discounted rate; the 10/20-class package works the best for me, about $11-12 per class and lasts me for the one or two classes I attend a week :)
4 Very beautiful studio space and really intense vinyasa classes. The room is heated to a slightly lower temperature than bikram, but bring lots of water (and hydrate beforehand) or else you'll pass out. Hand towels are great because your face will be sweating so much (unless you are one of those people who never sweats, and I hate you). Yoga mat rentals are $2, and they also rent towels ($1?). Before or after class you can partake of sweet chai tea in a sitting area overlooking the lake. It's really nice. Classes are on the expensive side, but new members can get a 2 week unlimited class pass for $30. Don't be intimidated by those people who can do headstands. Most of the classes are for all levels, beginner to expert.
5 I'm completely new (2 months?) to yoga, and got involved largely for stress reduction and core strength. Maybe 80% Mind and 20% Body. The Studio has been incredibly welcoming and rewarding. I find myself more relaxed in life, and more fit for running. It is expensive, but for what I was looking for, I feel like I'm getting a decent value.
5 I recently bought the unlimited month groupon and I am absolutely in love with The Studio. I want to live in the building it is so beautiful. I am especially fond of the Yoga TRX classes, they are mainly TRX with some yoga thrown in too. I am thinking about buying a class pack even though it is pretty expensive, it is well worth it. I always feel so good when I leave and the instructors have been amazing and welcoming.
