1 We went in and ordered two meatball subs to go. After waiting about ten minutes someone comes out and tells us that they only had enough meatballs ready for my girlfriends small sub. I would have to wait while they cooked more meatballs for my large sub. We said OK. About ten minutes passed and they brought out my sub. It seemed fast for meatballs to cook but I didn't think anything of it, YET! I ate my sub at home and woke about 3:00 am sick as a dog. I'm not going to go into the gross details but suffice it to say that the only reason they got one star from me is because there is no lower rating. I will NEVER go back to this place. It's nothing but a bunch of kids working there and I don't think they know the first thing about food safety.
4 Good subs, friendly employees and fast service. The bread tastes very fresh and the sandwiches are pretty simple -- my wife and kids are 'holders' and they don't have to ask to have anything left off their subs here.  I've never been there when they have been crowded, so take that into account. A but pricey, but I'd go here over Subway or Port of Subs any time.
1 Wow! This place was awful. Subs were not terrible, but not in any way great. You walk in, and all the employees (who could be considered the only "special" part of this experience) scream something at you. Then a lesbian greets you, and teaches you how to read a menu, and place an order. You wait 15 minutes, and one of the tards..err, I mean employees brings you your food. I honestly don't even remember what I ordered, that's how mundane the food is here. Their "famous lemonade" tastes like someone put a bunch of wet naps into a bowl of water, sipped it, realized it was nasty as hell..then put 8 lbs of sugar and food coloring into it. Every time I drive by, I visualize the place engulfed in flames. Fitting-
3 You haven't eaten here yet!? This place tastes amazing! No joke. This is by far my favorite sub place.  Unfortunately I only go there so often cause I HATE the employees.  It's a super annoying environment and they're SO unprofessional there. Every time I go, without fail, there is some "freind" of an employee there hanging out. And they're goofing around and ugh... It's just an immature environment.  But the food is to die for... If only they had a drive-thru.
3 Good subs, better than subway.
5 I had heard so much good stuff about this place, I just had to try it. And boy, was it everything I had heard & better. I got the hawaiian pulled pork with coleslaw. Holy Pig! That was the best sandwich I've had in a loooong time. I will definitely be back to this place.
5 I tried the New York Steamer at Firehouse subs today - wow, that was a lot of flavor.  They start with a soft-baked roll, 8" or 12". They pile it high with corned beef and pastrami, melt some provolone on top and then dress it with mustard, mayo and Italian dressing.  I recommend getting those toppings.  They add just the right zing and juiciness. A dill spear arrives on the side.  Even with a full house, my lunch was ready in eight minutes. Yay.
5 Love Firehouse Subs, switched things up and tried the Turkey Bacon Ranch, it was amazing!
5 Best place for a quick sandwich lunch without sacrificing the flavor! My favorite is the engineer with added hot sauce from the 30 bottle display. I do wish they wouldn't hound for donations so much though when you're at the register. I mean rounding up is enough to donate each time- do I really need to donate more for a sticker on the wall or a used pickle bucket? STOP ASKING in THREE different ways, it just makes me feel bad or look bad when I say no.
4 These subs are the best around. Definitely try the meatball!
5 We love Firehouse.  I always get the Italian and my daughter the Hook and Ladder.  And love the Peach-Sprite
