1 To be fair, I don't know which Novus Glass in Arizona is responsible BUT BEWARE, somehow they got my phone number, I have NEVER done any business with them and THEY CALL CONSTANTLY.  They don't leave a message and if you try to call back and leave a message, it says "The Mailbox is full."  I have answered and when there was a person on the line, asked and demanded that they take me OFF their calling list.  They won't stop.  I have contacted the Arizona Attorney General and reported them on the government's DO NOT CALL LIST website. And EVEN IF I LIVED IN ARIZONA AND NEEDED WINDSHIELD GLASS, which I don't for either...I would never deal with them and their marketing scams.   By the way...that's such a positive review the other person wrote...BECAUSE THE OTHER PERSON WORKS FOR NOVUS!
1 I agree with the other reviewer.  These people call me, tell me they have worked on my vehicle (even had the make and model which they obviously have gotten off some list as they have NEVER worked on my vehicle before) and then went to tell me that they aren't selling anything and then proceeded to try to sell me something.  Unbelievable.  SCAM!!!!!!!!!
1 When you installed my windshield you broke my chromatic mirror. My receipt shows you as Ultimate Glassworks Novus with same address. I have spoken with you (owner is nasty) and will pursue with all measures at my disposal. The date of the install was 5/17/2011.
1 They just called me again too.  They keep calling and I have told the guy of the bad experience that I had.  I went to the old Indian School location for a windshield replacement.  They have since moved to Cave Creek Road.  Not only did they not hook up my windshield washer line, but I later found that a molding piece was missing.  They either did not re-install it or did it improperly and it blew off.  I was assured a couple of times that they would order the part and call me.....never happened.  I also have been in and spoke to the owner who gave me the same assurances...still SOL .  Poor customer service, yet they still keep calling soliciting my business.    The last call reminded me that I should write a Yelp review
1 Novus's national advertising says they give you up to $200 on the spot if they do your wndshield.  Every implication is that you really get $200.  When they did mine, the technicial said he was not allowed to carry the $200, and that they would mail it to me.  A week later, I called them and they said their administrator had forgotten to send it to me, and that I would get it right away.  A week later, I received in the mail eight $25 Restaurant.com gift cards, which can typically be purchased on the internet for about $5 each.  These cards can be used to cover up to 1/2 the FOOD bill at selected restaurants, usually restaurants that no one goes to.  It is for half of the FOOD bill, not drinks or taxes.  Their advertising is a lie.  Don't believe it for a moment.
