5 Our family has been huge Filiberto's fans for many years, most particularly this location.  No matter how busy this location is, the staff really hops to get all orders prepared and served as quickly as possible without sacrificing quality. This evening's stop at Filiberto's proved my point yet again.  With long lines both at the walk-up window and drive-thru, the food was prepared quickly and promptly served to the customers all by staff members who were still smiling and very polite.   This location is very convenient and easy to enter and exit. Located on the north side of Main Street, east of Stapley Drive.  Enjoy!
5 The nighttime manager at this E Main location ROCKS AND is to be commended for customer service.  Reason: bought a rotten tamal from the Filibertos on N Power, but did not notice 'til I almost had almost reached the next Filibertos on E Main.  Even though each of these locations are managed by different people the manager on E Main made things right by letting trade in the rotten one for a fresh one.  I really see no reason to try the Filibertos on S Power again.  I don't care how new of a restaurant you have you should never sell something rotten.  BOTTOM LINE: If you're in the E Valley area and going to Filibertos go to the one at 64th and E Main.
5 Breakfast Burritos before class. Carne Asada burritos for dinner.  I've never met a burrito that could match this place.  Fresh ingredients, fair price, and fast.
2 I don't know how people can eat here...I guess it's an AZ thing. I had their Cali Burrito & rolled taquitos.  -Cali burrito: I like that they put lots of guacamole in it, but the meat was bland. As if it had been sitting in water before they cooked it. I stopped eating it because it was starting to gross me out. -Rolled taquitos: nothing special just plain old rolled taquitos. They were a $1 so I guess that was nice. A little confused as to why people like this place, But hey whatever floats your boat.
3 overall a good place to eat. i just wonder why they would put hot tortilla chips, in a Styrofoam container? its melts on the chips, hey try a paper bag. i get the carna burrito, which is pretty good, and filling, the dollar tacos are gross, too much grease for me. if your hungry and don't expect too much , you'll like this place.
4 First Filly b's in AZ best Tamarindo and breakfast tacos!
5 I've never heard of this place until a week ago. I'm from California and was visiting some friends in Mesa, and they suggested that I try this place out. The next day I went there and ordered breakfast burritos for everyone. Let me start by saying that I wish there were places like this in California with the drive thru etc. The food was prepared fast considering what I ordered. The prices were cheaper than I'm used to paying for in Cali. Most importantly the breakfast burritos were huge and delicious! I especially like how they don't just stuff a huge amount of hash browns or potatoes in the burrito like they do over here. Open some more locations in California (Los Angeles area)!
5 This place is amazing! My Husband used to get burritos from here all the time but I never wanted to try it. I am not big on authentic mexican food. I gave in one day and ordered 3 rolled tacos with cheese and sour cream....OMG! They are absolutely delicious! I actually became addicted to them and I have them as often as I can. This is really the best mexican food I have ever had.
2 All i can say is what happened to this place!! I use to visit this location years ago when i lived in el paso and now this place has multiplied and the food quality has gone way low!
1 The meat here is horrible and the horchata is nasty, taste like dirty sink water. I do not recommend this Filibertos.
1 I  asked  the  server  it  there  was  lard  in  the  bean  burrito  and  she  said "No, only  beans".   Now  I  found  out  that  she  lied  to  me,  they  are  actually  made  with  lard.   it  looks  like   Filibertos  does  not  even  publish  their  nutritional  information,  probably  for  a  good  reason.
