5 I'll pick this place over any Jaguar dealer any time!!  Let me start of by saying that I've had my car serviced at the dealer for a good 5+ years.  And suffice it to say, I was on a first name bases with the service manager.  Nice guy.  But driving to North Scottsdale and paying those ridiculously high labor rates sucked.   So early this year I heard about EuroTechs.  They specialize in Jaguars (and Minis) and are exactly what I've been hoping for for years!    Knowing it wouldn't be long before my car had an issue I couldn't fix myself, I knew I would try Eurotechs.  I was delighted to meet the owner, operator, head mechanic, you name it!  No more service manager! :)  He told me about his experience as a Jaguar master technician (who probably worked on my car many times).    The shop is small, yet clean.   I had to leave my car there over night as he doesn't keep many parts in stock, but I must say the parts are MUCH cheaper!  In fact, he gave me two quotes.  If I chose the Jaguar part, I get a 1 year warranty on parts.  But for $300 LESS, I can get an aftermarket party with a lifetime warranty.  What?!  No way would I get that option from the dealer!  Well to keep this short, I got my car fixed for HUNDREDS less than the dealer, I supported a local business instead of some faceless corporation, and my car is driving as good as new again!    I definitely recommend EuroTechs to anyone with a Jaguar.
5 Tired of paying dealer service prices for possibly shabby service?  Then it's time to call EuroTechs.  Specializing in MINI Cooper and Jaguar repairs, I had my MINI in for an alternator replacement.  Not only was the repair finished quickly, it was also cheaper than the dealer charged for the same service!  Not only did my repair get taken care of, Jerry also gave me a list of items that should be repaired fairly soon.  His list made sense, included the installation price and was reasonably priced.    Helpful, clean and affordable.  If you own a MINI in or around Phoenix, EuroTechs should be your shop of choice!
5 Beyond frustrated with Mini of Scottsdale, I came to EuroTechs upon recommendation from someone very knowledgable in Mini's.   **Jerry is knowledgable, honest, quick, and affordable!**  He's got a great work ethic, & it is evident that he loves what he does. My repair was rapid & the list of items that should be repaired soon-ish was reasonably priced. And for any items I didn't understand, he took the time to explain so that I could actually comprehend what was needed (or not needed) for my Mini.   A++ service!
5 Jerry, the sole owner and service tech gives the best prices, the best customer service, and the friendliest personality you will ever encounter at a car service facility! He is one of a kind. Trust me, see Jerry for all your service and aftermarket accessory needs! Greg
5 I just bought a used MINI Cooper S and a friend told me to visit Eurotechs for great service and prices with dealer quality repairs. He couldn't have been more right.   The topper is the customer service you get from Jerry, the owner. Something that is too often overlooked these days, he seems to treat each customer the way he'd like to be treated. Honest, knowledgeable and a plain ol' nice guy.   I highly recommend Eurotechs to anyone looking for quality work, great prices and an enjoyable experience. Let's help keep local businesses like this alive and flourishing.
5 Eurotechs is the new home for my Jag!! Jerry is both honest and very knowledgeable.... I spent 2 months dealing with another tech that jerked me around with parts and prices... in 1 week Jerry had my X-Type back on the road. Found me a used part that didn't break the bank, suggested we go this route first because he knew how much I had dumped into it before and installed my new H.I.D lighting system while we were waiting for the part. Over all a great experience!   Jerry you have made me a loyal customer! (Because I own a Jag, I'm sure I'll be back!)
5 You are guaranteed a Cheer's experience when you walk into Euro Techs, Jerry  always remembers your name and the name of your MiNI.    The work done is beyond wonderful and the pricing is even better.  Pumpkin is now a regular there and she, my MiNi, wouldn't have it any other way.
5 I've been back a few times now.  Once for a potential financially catastrophic issue which turned out to be something ridiculously cheap to fix.  And another time for some preventative maintenance.     I keep coming back because Jerry is honest, friendly, and knows his stuff!    Keep up the great work!
5 I WOULD GIVE 6 STARS IF I COULD   Jerry, the owner operator of eurotechs really knows his stuff when it comes to mini/jaguar. dealer giving you the run around? go see jerry, he's very honest  VERY reasonably priced, and he wont try to sell you on anything you don't need. Pop in sometime, even for just a chat about Minis or jags and you will see what i mean
5 Great service, reasonable prices and good advise.  If you have a Mini and need service; this is the place.  Jerry is honest, fair and very knowledgeable.  I can recommend  Euro Techs for your Mini Service.
5 I really have to give it up to Jerry and his great service. This gentlemen knows what he's talking about and i would use his services again. Brought my 2005 Mini  for some  major work and he fixed it right the first time. God Bless this guy!
5 Jerry at EuroTechs pretty much has a cult following, and for good reason. Take your MINI anywhere else and you'll be wasting more than money.  I found EuroTechs on Yelp when I was looking to buy a MINI, and Jerry did a $20 pre-purchase inspection on the R53 that I ended up buying. I have been going to Jerry ever since. He really is one of those rare honest mechanics. Not sure what I'd do if he ever moved out of state... follow him?
5 Update on Euro Techs...my MINI was in need of brake service and once again, Jerry and Dad came through!  After being told by the dealership that I needed front and rear pads and rotors, it was determined by the guys that I just needed rear pads and sensors (surprised the dealership forgot that one).  Instead of charges of nearly $1K my total bill was less than $130!  Thanks to the most honest, ethical and skilled MINI mechanics there are!  If you own a MINI and don't go to Euro Techs for any repair big or small, you're wasting your money!
5 Jerry of EuroTechs has been my go-to Jaguar expert for nearly 2 years now.  He's very attentive, communicative and experienced.  He's flexible and does a great job of walking one through the potentialities of what the issue(s) could be relating to the care of vehicles.  I trust him and rely on him whenever there is even a question concerning my "Jazzy Jaggy".....And, that my friends, is not something I give easily!  BIG UPS to Jerry at EuroTechs!!! I'm delighted to highly recommend your business but even more so, your personal care - Thank you!
5 Best place to go when you need MINI Service in the Phoenix area. Great customer service. I always left feeling like a valued customer with nothing to worry about.
5 Wish there were more stars!   I will not take my MINI anywhere but EuroTechs.  My 2005 MINI has 136,000 miles and it runs like it did when it was new - thanks to Jerry!   Couldn't be happier with the service or the price he charges for the work he does.
5 Eurotechs is your goto place to take your MINI when you are in Phoenix area. The owner is very knowledgable and is fair on his prices.
5 What can you say about Jerry (Who is Euro Techs)?  How about Honest, Hard Working, Reasonable, Fun, Experienced, Knowledgable, and He gives a Shit about us, his customers.  Not something you associate when it comes to the Car Biz.  So don't think twice about coming here, just get there as fast as you can.  He'll make it right and you will want to tell all your friends.
5 I bought a "lemon" mini without even knowing it and it is even yellow! Euro tech were wonderful, patient, and honest. I can not say enough great things about them and their service. I would highly recommend them for your all of your mini needs.  I wish euro tech was in CA because I don't know what we are going to do here. Don't worry we are going to paint the car now that it is running great! We love it!
5 Just had to add to the party!  I got my MINI Cooper last year in late 2013 and I LOVE it! (just not the dealership repair prices) So I heard about Euro Techs and fell in love instantly.  Not only do they specialize in MINI Coopers, but they are very fair priced, the work is done by highly competent people, and the customer service is very MINI owner friendly.  I did make a mistake as to take my car to another mechanic for an oil change (worst idea ever). I ended up with a major oil leak, a dead battery, and a broken hood latch. All at the same time.   Luckily, Euro Techs can fix all of that for me, quick, easy, and wallet friendly. Ill be moving to Texas in 10days, so ill really miss this place.   Thanks for all the great work ya'll have done! I'll be back next SW MINI Fest for sure :)
