5 When I called about recharging my A/C unit, I was quoted $50 less than everywhere else. When I arrived, everyone was friendly and honest. He fixed my A/C unit for the price he quoted (plus $10 extra to replace a leaky valve he discovered...totally not his fault, but he apologized for the extra time it was going to take anyway).   He told me that my compressor was making a funny noise, but it didn't need to be replaced right away. He said it would last through the summer and to get it looked at in a few more months just to be sure.   These are GREAT guys who don't take advantage of their customers. I told my friends and family about them. If you need anything done to your car, I highly recommend these guys! :)
5 Seriously the best mechanics I have ever had. I have lived in California, Utah, Idaho, Virginia, and Arizona and have had a regular mechanic that I go to in each state. These guys are by far the best.   The most honest and hard working guys you will ever meet. Their prices are ridiculously better than anywhere else and they will work extremely hard to make sure you don't have to pay for expensive parts by finding better prices.   They have worked on both of my cars here in AZ. My current car has a lot of things that are only supposed to be fixed at the factory so they have special tools just for my car. They wont sell those tools to mechanics....so instead of turning me away, what did they do, they MADE the tool they needed to fix my car.   ABOVE AND BEYOND service!
5 I bought an older European sports car and had no experience with them. This shop came highly recommended. Absolutely impressed by the price they charged me for an oil change and to inspect the car. I am absolutely shocked with how friendly and professional they are along with very reasonable prices. It's nice to know there is an honest mechanic out there.
5 This place is great the work on everything and for great deal I have been using this place now for over a year for all my cars  They are honest and no lies if ur car doesn't needed they tell u,  Don't take my word for it give them a try and see
