5 My car was in and out in a matter of hours. They are EXTREMELY FAST and great to work with on the service end. The total price for parts and labor was about $300 LESS than I have spent on multiple occasions when living in Illinois. Very impressed.
5 Being a huge car guy, I thought I would try out Scottsdale Muffler.  Called, made an appointment to get a muffler that I bought installed on my Jaguar S Type R.  I showed up on time, and in a few minutes they took my car around.  Then they called me out to show me that it wouldn't fit.  I really liked that, because rather than give me some story, they showed me the issue and explained it thoroughly.  Fast forward a few weeks.  I buy the correct muffler, make an appointment, show up, and they take the car around on time.  A few minutes later I hear them working on the car.  In an hour, they were done.  Top notch welding, no BS, and they didn't mine working on my luxury car, all while respecting my time and busy schedule.  Very reasonable labor rate too.  I will be back in the future and highly recommended!!!
5 Stopped in to get a resonator removed from my vehicle. Quoted me $70 and asked me to come back next day @ 11 am. Got there @ 11 am, they took my car by 11:02, I was done and leaving at 11:30. Actual cost was $70, he even remembered what he had quoted me. I watched them do the work and it was very high quality, good attention to detail, good welding, good fit and finish. I will definitely use in the future.
5 I honestly love this muffler shop. I have been to three others and Scottsdale muffler has been on the ball with everything I needed. Not only did they do a stand up job of replacing my piping to 2.25 inches and adding a muffler. I wasn't quite happy with the volume so I bought a new muffler and asked them to replace it. They were more happy to do it and they also continued to update me on the progress. Amazing prices with amazing service. Scottsdale muffler is my muffler shop!
5 These guys have been nothing but helpful. They didn't take advantage of me at all. They fixed my cat converter in an hour which is very impressive since it is welded on. I went back so they could work on my brakes and rotors which took them about an hour and a half. They didn't charge me a dime more for what they had quoted me over the phone. I recommend them to everyone I know!
5 This place is awesome! I highly recommend this place to anyone looking to do anything to their car. They have amazing prices and the owner and workers are great. They explain everything to you and don't do any unneeded work just to make more money. These guys are honest and work very fast. This will be the only garage I go to, to service my vehicle.
5 Cool guys and A plus craftsmanship, just ask for Chris or His Brother Fred. I love a good family Business
5 This place is my savior! Nicest guys ever and they don't try to screw you. Nissan dealership tried to charge me 740 for a new muffler! This place saved me 600 dollars and had it done in 30 minutes first thing in the morning. My car is perfect! Very satisfied with the service
5 I was able to walk in at 4PM on a Monday with my muffler tip, where as other shops were completely booked up and get a completely new pipe, along with the new one welded on. In total, the price was very reasonable and they took me out back to show me exactly what they were doing as well as let me angle the pipe to my preference. Very cool guys there, did exactly what I wanted in less than an hour with an hour to close. Quick service, highly recommended.
5 I called these guys based on the experiences of the previous Yelpers- which frankly sounded too good to be true. Thanks Yelpers! Scottsdale Muffler and Automotive really is as great as you said! I needed my muffler and tailpipe replaced. I dropped the vehicle off before they opened in the morning. They called me with an estimate within a couple hours of opening and the price was awesome and much lower than I expected. They had the vehicle ready for pick up by the end of the day and...here's the best part ----***** THEY CHARGED ME EXACTLY WHAT THEY SAID!***** I have lots of work to be done on my vehicles and I'll be going back Thanks you guys!
5 Don't even know where to start!! I ran over a piece of someones exhaust!!!! I messed my mustang up so badly I was afraid to even limp it home. I was referred to Scottsdale Muffler by a friend. As soon as I told them the type of vehicle I had and described what happened.....the gentleman on the phone had a good idea of what I had damaged. My husband took the car in and had the work done. They had guessed the damage correctly....the quote was accurate!!!! I don't know how he knew that! My husband is very picky.....he was very satisfied! Nice old school family atmosphere that you don't find anymore. I highly recommend them for any auto work you need. I needed BOTH my headers welded as well as my differential seal replaced. They did it all in a timely manner. The price was unbeatable. They saved me sooooo much money as I thought I would have to buy new ones. Drove my Mustang today and it ran like a champ! Thank you to Scottsdale Muffler
5 The guys at Scottsdale muffler have installed mufflers in several of my vehicles they do very good work and if there's a problem they will fix it, no questions asked , I recommend them very highly very good guys and they know what they're doing what more can you ask for. Plus they do other things that you need done as far as custom jobs on vehicles high-performance work fabrication whatever you need done , just ask them , most , likely they can do it . I love these guys and recommend them very highly !!!!!!!
