4 When I walked in I was greeted promply and asked how I heard about the restaurant. I told her my car was a few doors down getting some maintenance done and I just happened to walk by. The owner told me this place just opened a week ago (04/08/11) The place is well decorated and has a huge TV hanging on one wall, the music is traditional mexican which complements the bright colors and Mexican decor. This is a great place for lunch, late breakfast or dinner, reasonably priced, good food and service with a smile.  The hours:  Open Monday through Saturday 9am to 9pm  Location:  North East corner of Hardy and Broadway  Menu:  Burritos $5.49  with choice of tortillas: flour, wheat, tomato basil and choice of Carne Asada (Grilled Steak), Pollo Asado (Grilled Chicken), Barbacoa (Shredded Beef), Adobada (Pulled Pork) and Carnitas (Pork)  They have rice, black or brown beans, jack cheese, sour cream, roasted chile corn salsa, romain lettuce and different salsas from mild to spicy.  They also offer Tacos with the same meat options for $1.25 each, Taco Salad for $5.99, Quesadillas (open face) for $4.49 with meat for $1 more and Nachos for $5.99
5 BY FAR THE MOST AUTHENTIC MEXICAN FOOD IN TEMPE!  YOU MUST GET the soft corn tacos with all the fixings!  a fav of mine is the steak quesadilla so delish.  -6 choices of meats that will wow your taste buds and make you feel like your in baja (:  you will get the best meal under $10
5 This is now my new favorite place in Tempe! It is quick, cheap and delicious! My husband and I were looking for some quick Mexican food and decided to give it a try. We were promptly greeted and asked if we had been there before. Once we said now we were handed tons of samples and thoroughly explained the menu to us. Man, it was hard to choose because they have so many meet options and they all tasted so good. I went with the green chili pork and my husband went with steak. Both were ridiculous! I love how they have healthy options too like wheat tortillas and black beans. The jalapeño cream cheese was also very good. I'd love to smother that all over a bagel in the morning. Try this place people! You won't regret it!!!
5 The burritos are delicious and very authentic-the owner often works there and will talk with you about how all the food is prepared while allowing you to sample the different ingredients. Very friendly
5 Great chicken burrito. Even though I didn't get the enthusiastic greeting that everybody else received, the guy behind the counter at about 7:30pm did eventually give me some samples of one meat and that jalapeno cream cheese too. The cream cheese and both of the salsa's at the salsa bar were all in the hot category, even the green one that normally is mild. Go for the pico de Gallo if you don't like things too hot like myself. The beef in red sauce also had a hefty kick, but the chicken was composed of huge chunks of white meat that the cook put back on the grill before piling it atop my custom made burrito that was in progress.    These things stand out here: 1. Chipotle tortilla (choice of 4 others too) 2. Roasted Corn to put inside the burrito 3. Homemade Horchata 4. Free Homemade Chips with your order  This guy knows how to roll one too. The ingredients were all super fresh and the burrito was one of the better ones I have come across. It's in a strip mall and it just says Taqueria on the outside, but this is my new go-to fast Mexican place. It will blow away any chain and my total bill was $8.18 for the burro and drink. Thanks to previous Yelpers for uncovering this local gem.
5 This is the BEST Mexican restaurant that I have been to in a long time.  Why haven't we known about this joint before???  They have 6 types of meat chicken, carne asado, green chili pork, regular pork, red pork and barbacoa.  You pick your meat. They make their own retried beans!  Take the pintos and mash them.  We had tostadas with the pork and green chili pork they both came with the mashed pintos   Very good.  Got the carne asado quesadilla. It was so good.  Got 3 street tacos and 3 hard tacos.  The tacos are a great deal.  $.99 a piece or the meal with a drink for $3.99.  Salsas are great and the gauc is the real deal.   We will be going back!   So good and fresh!
4 Killer carne asada, good service, salsa bar, what else do you really need? Let's be honest...
5 "The food is fast, delicious and exellent quality. They have crispy tacos! (and I dont mean the nasty deep fried kind) The hot sauces are awsome! This is not your typical authentic mexican food place, it is spotless clean and no mexican crap on the tvs. Trust me, check this place out !!
4 I have been to Sombrero's a couple of times and enjoyed it immensely.  So much so that  I am picking up food to take home for my family today. Their red chile pork is amazing and the chile diablo salsa is so yummy!  The corn shell tacos are my first pick and their jalepeno cream cheese is a nice addition if you MUST have additional dairy (although not typical mexican style to do so).   I would love to try their nachos but can't seem to steer away from the tacos.  Side note - if you can't find their sign, it's under the Taqueria store front! They really do need to get signage out there. I have been to this center many times and until i read YELP I wouldn't have known it was there. Glad I found them. My husband is too!
5 I have been looking for a "hole in the wall" for Mexican food ever since I moved to Tempe 6 months ago. This is the place to come. It is not fancy, not expensive, but the food is impeccable. I got a red carnitas burrito with hot salsa and the rest of the toppings. It was absolutely delicious. It comes with warm tortilla chips to help knock down some of the spice in your mouth. Jaime made the burritos and I cannot recommend him highly enough.  Enjoy Sombrero's! FYI it says TACQUERIA on the store front not Sombrero's.
5 The best tacos around and only a buck each!
5 Welp this place trumps most other burrito places by far.  Service was quick and to the point, food was delish and the atmosphere was  just what I would expect from a hole in a wall mexican grille. Totally loved it. Got the red pork and my bro got the carne asada and woofed down. I'll be back for sure!
5 Oh nummy food!
4 The BEST homemade horchata EVER!! You have to try it! Everything here is clearly made with attention to detail. The cuisine is fresh and authentic!! And the prices are unbeatable. I had the carnitas burrito. It was fresh, tasty, and filling. My tummy and tastebuds were definitely satisfied. I would come here regularly if I lived in the area.
5 We were leaving the Angel's Tempe Diablo Stadium and craving some authentic Mexican food. Took a chance with this spot because although it had great ratings on Yelp, there weren't a ton of reviews. Sooooo glad we did!! The food was amazingly delicious and exactly what we were looking for! It's kind of Chipotle style in that they make your food in front of you and ask you what toppings you want as you go down the line. We got carne asada nachos with the works (including guacamole and the jalapeno cream cheese which costs extra but is definitely worth it) and a chicken taco and a regular pork taco. All were fantastic! We'll definitely be coming back to visit when we're back for Spring Training next year!
5 Bomb! Can be compared to Chipotle, simply better and cheaper. Super quick, super fresh ingredients. Really love the red chili pork/beef.
3 Let me preface this review by saying I didn't have any of the meat here. People say the carnitas are amazing.   Like most people say, this place can be hard to find--it's on Broadway and Hardy right across the street from the industrial district. It has a yellow sign that says "Taqueria" on it. Why it doesn't say Sombreros, we'll never know.   I had a vegetarian burrito which came with corn, rice, black beans (of which you get to choose from two types of bean), lettuce, and some spicy sauce they had. You also get to choose from a chipotle, spinach, flour, or corn tortilla. I had the spinach and it was very tasty. Came with a side of some old, forgettable tortilla chips as well. The total was 6 bucks EXACTLY, which made the OCD part of my brain shiver with delight. You might refer to this place as a cheaper, possibly healthier "Chipotle."   The decorations and furnishings inside are nice, modern with a touch of old-world Mexico. The three ladies working behind the counter lend the place a very authentic feel--it's quite obvious these three have made a LOT of tortillas in their lifetimes.   Unfortunately it only gets 3 stars. Maybe in South Dakota or Iowa, or any place that doesn't have 3 great Mexican restaurants within spitting distance like Tempe, AZ this restaurant would merit an extra star.
5 Tersoro escondido!  Sombrero's Mexican Grill is simply a delicious hole in the wall hidden gem! I had the spicy tacos and frijoles and chips.   AMAZEBALLS!
5 Great taco shop! Get the carna asada tacos. Squeeze some limes on them and add some salt to top it off. Perfection!  One of the best taquerias ever. All our coworkers can always agree on this place. Price is very reasonable so we always come here for lunch.
5 Still sat here and just had to write this review. Small, friendly, amazing food. Try it.  If you go out to eat for service where you are waited on, try somewhere else, if the reason you go out to eat is to try great food, eat here. Great food. If I lived in the area this would become a regular for me no doubt.
5 Absolutely as good as it gets when it comes to simple Mexican staples such as tacos and burritos, made to perfection.  For an average of $7, you can enjoy a build your own burrito, chips, and home-made horchata.  Build with savory selections such as barbacoa, green chile, chicken, or carnitas.  They have all of the fresh ingredients of your choice such as cilantro, roasted corn, pinto and black beans, shredded oaxacan cheese, and pico de gallo.   The beauty of this little gem is you are choosing what goes into your dish.  I had the ambrosial barbacoa with pinto beans, a heaping of fresh cilantro, a medium hot salsa, and generous dollops of their signature jalapeno cream cheese.  The savory combined with the salty and spicy, balanced by the fresh and citrus-like flavor of the cilantro made this a phenomenal burrito.  On the menu are also fresh soft and crispy tacos, and tostadas.  Highly recommended not only for the flavors, but the cleanliness and friendliness of this Taqueria.
1 Not fresh, they reheat meat on the grill. Go to Chipotle.
5 This is our new favorite place!  The ingredients are fresh, the place is clean and the owner and staff are awesome!  Even though they're most known for their meat options, the vegetarian burrito is hands down the best I've ever had!  Try the jalepeno cream cheese too....it's amazing!!
5 This place is amazing. Staff is always nice. Not much more I need to say!
5 We tried this place out just a few days ago. The food was fresh and flavorful, and the service was very friendly. It definitely gives Chipotle a run for its money (and I am a big fan of Chipotle).  I got the asada burrito, which also comes with a handful of chips. The man working behind the counter gave me some jalapeno cream cheese on the side, which tasted so good I ordered an extra bag of chips and cream cheese to take home with me.  My boyfriend got the tostadas. He's a huge fan of Mexican food and thinks this place is pretty great.  We also got some horchata, which was delicious. At first I thought it tasted a little watered down, but after a few more sips the cinnamon-y goodness really came through.   If you're in the area, I highly suggest Sombrero's.
5 Better than Chipolte anyday!!! For $10 my wife and I got stuffed. The staff was friendly and best of all no long lines (yet). Real Mexican food (not corporate). Fresh food and the Horchata is homemade (best I ever had).
5 Cheap, tasty, and fresh Mexican food.  They have several different types of fillings; barbacoa, green chile beef, red chile pork, carnitas, two chickens, and carne asada, as well as black and pinto beans, fresh guacamole, and salsa that will take the skin off the inside of your mouth (this is a good thing).  And the burritos are the size of my head.  Very hard to beat for the price.
5 I LOVE THIS PLACE! I try to go there at least once a month to get my FIX! I won't go anywhere else to get my hole in the wall Mexican food this place is awesome.it's easy to be a loyal customer with a great customer service an awesome food I will be one for a long time.
5 The neighborhood seemed rough & the store front is questionable. Inside is a few tables (it's quiet & cozy) The food is done Chipotle style.. (You pick & build it) We chose a quesadilla 3.99 Super crane asada  burrito with with all the good stuff.(combo includes drink & chips)  6.99 We got a *free* sample of jalapeño cream cheese which was amazing!  Fresh NONFAKE guac (rare these days!) (1.75)   The *only* questionable part is how much MSg is used! :)    Super Burrito + quesadilla + bean burrito + sangria + medium drink =  $ 19.57  We will be back!
4 Chipotle sauce= bomb.com!! For the price of mainstream mexican food you get moms cooking, healthienr and less greasy! and fresh guac, cant beat that! Make it how you want it and leave with a happy tummy! Only weird (for me) thing is everything is shredded, but does make the meat juicier.
4 I was craving a burrito last night and didn't want to stop at the usual suspects (Chipotle/Rubio's/El Pollo Loco/Filib's), I turned to Yelp and this place came up with great reviews. I walked in to the small shop about 20 minutes 'til closing and it looked like just the owner/cook and his daughter manning the ship. I spent some time scanning the menu and when I was ready he helped take my order. I had a burrito with red chile chicken and most of the fixins. They were out of cheese for the night so I got some guacamole gratis which was nice. While the daughter was ringing me up he gave me a sample of their taquitos they have coming out which was good. I drove home and dug in to my burrito, chips and salsa, and horchata. The horchata was on par, their hot salsa is in fact hot and very good. The burrito was really good - it seemed standard before biting into it but it's very flavorful which must be a testament to the care that goes into making all of the ingredients. I'l definitely be back.
5 Great food, great prices, big tasty burritos, and a really nice owner. I'll definitely be back!
5 Hands down the best Mexican food in this area. I've been going here for over a year since I work near by. I've tried other places and none can match them for flavor and freshness. Can't go wrong ordering anything from here. It might feel pricey but believe me nothing else in the area comes close in terms of consistent quality.  I usually get the taco salad or nachos and it hits the spot every time.
3 Went to eat last night at 7pm and it was closed. Suppose to be open to 9 according to yelp.
5 Very authentic! Food is fresh and tasty  also inexpensive. I tried the tostadas there and it was delicious.
5 This place is the real deal! Great food, great sauces, friendly service!!!
1 I walked in to this place with a co worker and it is small, located in a strip mall.  I was offended that on the two walls were big flat screen tvs blaring Fox News Channel, loud and annoying.  I asked if they could turn the channel and was told no. that they can't.. I tried to turn the channel myself or even to turn down the volume and it was locked down.. so I turned off both tvs.  The food was average, I don't really understand the hype about the food, there are plenty of Mexican restaurants in the area that don't have a political agenda.    No thanks, I won't be back.
4 This place was absolutely AMAZING.  The area looks a little sketchy, tucked in a little plaza that you could drive right past and not even know it was there. My office happens to be just a few blocks away from this place, one day I was craving some mexican food for lunch but I was looking for something a little more authentic than Filibertos(blehhh). Being hispanic, Im pretty critical and picky when it comes to eating at a hispanic establishment, this place was spot on with the flavors. I walked in right way and was greeted by 2 latin women at the counter, the set up was kind of like a burrito bar, like chipotle in way(only way better) you start by choosing your burrito, then your veggies and other toppings, the burrito was as big as a baby! amazing burrito... and that jalapeno cream cheese!!! heaven.
5 The carnitas taco was not disappointing, and great flavor as well.
4 The place looks rough but don't judge the book by the cover. The food is delicious. They have a build your burrito with several meat and tortilla choices. I had the carnitas rojo in my burrito, which was great. The salsa picoso has a kick. The horchata tastes like a vanilla shake.
5 I got the veggie burrito, which was delicious. They had great flavored sauces that were fun to try. The other people with me got a taco salad and that adds.  They also enjoyed their food. The price was great! About $6 each. The staff was very friendly.
5 Tonight I tried for the first time Sombrero's and it was amazing! I got the meat quesadilla with asada it was soo yummy! I tried it with some of the guacamole, sour creme and jalapeño creme cheese, needless to say it was worth the heart burn!   My mom got the 3 soft tacos with the carnitas. She says it's delicious with the jalapeño creme cheese and spicy sauce. What she's ranting and raving about is the horchata. She says that it tastes like vanilla ice cream but melted haha. I tried a taste and I thought it tasted like a shake. She wishes that she had more because she finished it before we even got home and we only live down the street. I also want to add that the family that runs it so nice and friendly.   We will definitely be back. Next time is burritos!
4 I really enjoy the food here. There is not much to the interior or the decor. But the food is fresh and delicious. The lady behind the counter is very nice and always smiling. The prices are average for lunch. The options on the menu are pretty standard for a mexican food place, but the quality of the food is great. I think you could say this place is similar to a Chipotle but the flavors are more authentic and less mass-produced if that makes any sense.
5 Fresh ingredients,  friendly people,  good food,  and cheap.  Sounds like 5 stars to me.  The place is small mom pop restaurant.  Come in, order, kinda like Chipotle,  as others have mentioned,  your food is made to order and fresh.  I had the red sauce shredded chicken,  asada and barbacoa tacos.  All good,  but I did like the barbacoa the best.  The only agua fresca is horchata,  I had a Jarritos.  Churros are made fresh as well,  sweet!
5 Awesome. Everything is delicious and at 99 cents for a taco you can't go wrong. I need to make it a habit to eat here more often.
5 The place is not very impressive, just a small space in a strip mall, but the food was fantastic! I tried barbacoa, carnitas, and carne asada tacos - all were good but the carne asada was my least favorite. There are several options for topping your burritos and tacos, very similar to Chipotle. They also have a small salsa bar with fresh lime wedges, which was a nice touch. I will definitely eat here again!
4 Great find. Thank you Yelp!  Fresh ingredients and super friendly ladies making the tacos.  Loved the spicy beef.  In dyer need if rebranding to communicate the great quality inside.  Awesome food, clean space, and value to boot.
4 Design your own burrito! In a modest, slightly dingy strip mall sits Sombrero's, a small little eatery serving slow cooked, marinated meats, with your choice of various fillings and tortillas.  I stepped in today to try a tasty burrito. You have your choice of meats such as barbacoa, carnitas, carne asada, and chicken. Tortilla choices include tomato basil, chipotle, spinach, wheat, and regular flour. They offer fillings such as pinto beans, black beans, cheese, rice, lettuce, roasted corn, onions, cilantro, and salsa. Freshly made guacamole and jalapeno cream cheese can be added for an extra charge.   I opted for the barbacoa, with tomato basil tortilla, pinto beans, rice, onions, cheese, guacamole, and spicy salsa. The meat was tender and flavorful. The accompanying ingredients meshed well with the barbacoa. The spicy salsa is indeed quite hot, and packs a punch!  I also tried some horchata ($1.99), which was refreshing and creamy.  Service was friendly and cheerful. My burrito was made quickly, and check out at the cashier was easy.  Sombrero's is definitely a good place for a filling meal!
5 Very friendly staff and superb quality Mexican food. All of the ingredients were delicious! First visit I ordered a open burrito with carne asada, spicy shredded beef, pinto beans, lettuce, roasted corn, guacamole, mild salsa, and the flavor was so robust! Their salsas are spicy indeed!  I was blown away by the flavor and the friendliness of the ladies working I had to come back the next day!  I ordered 6 corn tacos trying each meat and also a carne asada quesadilla on a chipotle tortilla.  Each meat was so tender and delicious!  Their jalapeño cream cheese was a magnificent addition to the tacos.  The best part? It's very affordable!   Bean and cheese burrito + chips & guacamole + 6 corn tacos + carne asada quesadilla + 2 Mexican Coca-Colas + friendly workers = $25.  Believe all the great reviews!  This is a nice find here in the Valley. Sorry Chipotle, I will come here from now on!!  Please just take my money!
4 Very good food.  The staff was very friendly and cared about how we liked the food.  They gave us samples to taste and were very genuine.  4 stars instead of 5 simply for the ambiance.  It's just a self serve taqueria.
5 very good food and nice friendly people behind the counter the jalapeno cream cheese is so spicy good
5 I saw some of the reviews and decided to give it a try. The food is magnificent! I had the taco salad with carne asada and pinto beans. The meat has a great flavor and the beans are tender and flavorful as well. Very good place, clean and well kept. I WILL be back!
5 Great food and extremely friendly staff. Very clean place. The food tasted quite authentic... Although I am not Mexican. Had a lot of vegetarian choices for me.
5 I had the carne asada quesadilla with spinach tortilla with a pineapple soda! The meat tastes real (unlike some restaurants) and their prices aren't too expensive, my wife and I both ate plenty and spent under $20... definitely coming back!
1 Since writing this review I have had several Fox News watchers send attack emails under the guise of compliments.  There are two huge tvs in this place, honestly it would not matter what was on,  it is a small place.
5 Great place. Ingredients were tasty and our burritos were made to order. The owner was super friendly and welcoming and we will definitely be going back.
5 Yep another five for the work 'hood. I drove past this place many times and never, ever would think of stopping in. Thank goodness for my fellow yelpers showing me the way...  Tiny place in a tight, old, somewhat run down strip mall. Minimal parking. Tiny restaurant with maybe 8 tables? And yes two HUGE TVs on either wall loud and proud on a news station - I'm not sure if it was Fox. My first visit was during the noon hour and there was a line. People ordering off of lists for lots of other work folks but it's simple ordering and they are fast.   I listened to what the pros were ordering and everything sounds great. When it was my turn I asked for an 'Open Burrito' not really sure what that was. She grabbed a bowl and asked if I wanted rice, No, beans? Yes, black or pinto? Black. What kind of meat (which later my husband reminded me was Friday during lent whoops) I asked her to describe everything she had - chicken, red pork, green extra spicy, - she had me at extra spicy so I didn't listen to the rest - then the fun stuff - cilantro, cheese, ROASTED CORN, guacamole, sour cream, onions, yes, yes, yes!  Do you want a tortilla? Spinach, plain, Chipotle - yes that. Then they had a side bar with more chile sauces, limes, onions, jalapeños, I got limes and red chile.   About $7+ dollars later I walked back to work with my bowl. It was amazing, fresh, perfectly cooked meat, super spicy and flavorful. All the extras made it incredible. I decided this is where I'm spending my one day out at lunch until further notice. And I can walk.   I wanted to immediately write a review but I made myself go a second time to make sure it wasn't a fluke. Today was my second visit - fantastic! And I love the staff, so friendly, happy to explain the food. The place is clean very deceptive from the exterior.   One of my new favs!
3 Took a friend from Canada here last night.  When we arrived, there was no line, and no hostess.  There was another woman employee on her cell phone, texting. After waiting for 4 or 5 minutes without being acknowledged, I asked the woman if we could seat ourselves.  She sneered "no" and continued texting.  Another very nice waitress came over and eventually got us situated at a little table on the patio. Service was good from then on, food was fine, drinks were fine.  A-ok.
3 They no longer put the chicken back on the grill when you order. The chicken is not big chunks of white meat anymore, it is stewed chicken sitting in a broth all day and I'm not even sure it is all white meat anymore. Another issue is the woman who was making the burrito used her gloved hands to fill the burrito with all the toppings. That is fine for rolling, but when your sticking your hand (gloved or not) into each bin of lettuce, corn, tomatoes, cilantro, etc, it just doesn't seem normal. They need to use spoons on thongs for the fillings.
5 This is *hands down* my favorite Mexican food I've come across in Tempe. The staff is extremely friendly and pleasant, the place is clean, and there is usually a good crowd but never a long wait.   I've ordered the asada burrito each time I've gone. It's too good not to get!   Don't miss this place!
4 this place has legit mexican fare, the burritos were great and tostadas were excellent too, I highly recommened this place over say a chain place like chipotle or taco del mar
4 Yum. I do love this shop it's close to home very affordable and delicious. Great customer service as well!!!!! Always friendly quick and helpful.
5 Yummy! Good burrito place right in Tempe. Give this place a try. Will be coming back.  Got three burritos 1 barbacoa and 2 Carne Asada. All were very good and really filling.  If you live in Tempe and want a good burrito I recommend it
5 I'm in love! This place is so freaking delicious! Got the veggie burrito with a chipotle tortilla, yum! Their hot salsa is very spicy. The burritos are huge so I would recommend splitting one. Fair prices. Two thumbs way up.
5 This place is a hidden jem! Very friendly staff and great food. I hope they continue to do well and expand. The kitchen and restaurant are very small so I try to eat before noon to avoid a line. I'd recommend a chicken burrito, they're beef could be better.
5 I recently moved, and I now live very close to the strip mall where this place is located. I was thinking about going to the Subway...I'm glad I didn't. The food is prepared fast, the ingredients taste fresh, and the staff is very friendly. I had a carne asasa burrito and it was very good. I will return!
5 Excellent. Marvelous. Amazing. These are all words that I would use to describe the food and service here. So far, I have had a carne asada taco salad and the quesadilla. Both were delicious but I especially loved the taco salad. They cook the meat in front of you and there are a lot of toppings. The cheese, cilantro, corn, guacamole, and salsa was fresh and delicious. I will definitely be coming back here.
5 The food is worth every penny. Think the speed of Taco Bell and the customization of Chipotle and that's Sombrero's. Throw in a friendly staff and now I'm officially a fan. I'll definitely be coming back.
5 Another great find here...thanks Yelpers! My family stopped in while visiting ASU. Loved the quesadillas and burritos. Tried carne asada, tinga chicken and carnitas meats and also homemade horchata.
