4 The best strawberries.....close to my house, kettle corn and some local veggies. Nice quick run nice area, sadly it is only the 1st and 3rd Saturday of the month!!! I wish it was weekly!
2 OK, there were a few things I did really like. Such as the location. Duck crap or no, I like the park here. As long as it isn't too hot and the ponds don't give off the lovely aroma of decay. But, man, the trees are fantastic ( even if they occasionally snag my fishing lines on casting )  I would really like this to turn into something special. It is close to where I'm at and we all thrive on convenience.  But... there's always a but, this particular market seems fairly lacking in fresh produce. I saw two setups that handled fruit and veggies. And I noticed the larger one had boxes from other locations in California and all the little stickers that stores are supposed to attach to each piece of fruit that tells you what country it originated from were all sticking on the empty boxes and not on the fruit. Misleading at best.  The coffee guy had average selection. The lemonade stand was okay. Not much call for the sewing ladies goods. The honey lady was priced at $24 a jar. And if you've read my other reviews, driving to Miquel's would be cost effective if you are picking up a couple of jars. And better for you, since the pollen would be from local plants and not those from further away.   I'd say a nice excuse to get into the park and walk around. Watch the parking though, tight and there's lots of backer uppers who don't bother looking. But walking around, even under the shade of trees really makes me question why anyone is here in Vegas in August and walking around. Including me.  But I really, really hope they get some vendors with more info on what they are selling. A guy sticking a flat of cherries at me and can't answer anything in English doesn't fill me with trust. I want info, not just the thought it might come from a small farm. I want proof.
1 I don't even know where to start.   I guess it starts from another social media website. A friend had liked their page and so I started following the page out of curiosity and quickly became intrigued.  Let me tell you folks, advertising works and will make a sucker out of each and everyone of us at least once in our lives.  Las Vegas Farmers Market made me the biggest sucker.   I had called my mother in law and told her I was going to this nice Farmers Market and that they were going to have our favorite available (Cheddar Cauliflower). So we drove Sam Boyd Stadium all the way to Floyd Lamb Park to attend this Farmers Market that I just could not wait to go to!  We get there and they had a total of 6 booths. And not even all food booths. They had one veggie and fruit stand out of the six and the rest were, well who cares. They were not fruit and veggie stands.  The fruit and veggie booth they had was from California. Me, I think Farmers Market and I think local. California is not so local. Most of their stuff looked wilted and not so fresh either.   My mother in law scored some Swiss Chard for $2.00 a bundle so she was excited about that.   As I walked amongst the other 5 booths of honey, beef jerky, jewelry, scarves, Windsor farms, I just felt so disappointed.  Granted it was January. But they made me believe they would have more. Why not be honest and say there are a limited number of booths? And they did not even had the cauliflower I was looking for.   I am so disgusted just thinking about it and it is hard for me to write this review. I mean if anyone ever told me they were thinking about going, I would instead tell them to go to their local grocery store or another Farmers Market.   I sit here shaking my head in disgust, thinking I wasted a beautiful Saturday morning dragging my family all the way across town for an utter disappointment.
3 This Farmer's Market is very tiny. 10 minutes and you're done. There are vendors that sell coffee beans, honey, jams, jellies, nuts, pens, soaps, fruits, veggies and Italian ice. Great Harvest was there with loaves of bread. I didn't find anything to buy that I could use.   The only thing that would make me go back here again is the Rika food truck. You could skip paying the $6 entrance fee if you come here.
4 I love this quick day at the park. Not a huge selection but great quality.  Save the entry fee at the park $5 per axe if you come on farmers market day, plus you get to use the park for the day free.   The actual market is probably 10-20 tables depending in season less in winter but I always find something good.  Check it.
