5 Not cheap, but you get what you pay for here, and it's well worth your money if you can afford to shop here.  They do a great job on fitting, and have cute bras in small-band, big-cup sizes like 32G.  I had forgotten what it was like to go to a store and try on a variety of bras that fit!
5 I trust my giant knockers to Contours Lingerie. AMAZING, personalized and friendly service, and a great selection of bras that actually fit my F cup jugs. Either of those would be enough, but the two combined are freakin' awesome.  I HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this place, especially if you're like me and have a hard time finding bras in your size.
5 Big busted ladies of Southern Wisconsin: get thee to Contours!  After living in the UK for 3 years, where finding bras for larger sizes is easy peasy (think standard selection in department stores as well a great chain specialty lingerie shop), I was stressed when I came back to Wisconsin.   With an upcoming wedding, I was in need of a strapless, longline bra. Nothing crazy. Just standard special occasion underwear. Most gals wear such things under a bridal gown. I spent a week scouring Madison. All the department stores from JCPenney to Boston Store to Macys to Kohls. I checked Victoria's Secret, knowing it would be in vain (as their sizing is hilarious on a good day) and even the lingerie department of Lane Bryant as they stock a broad range of sizes. Very few carried special occasion bras, and none carried larger sizes. I tried David's Bridal. Nope.Then I did some Googling and learned of Contours. While I was away from Madison, some great new things definitely have happened, and Contours is one.  Although I did have to wait a while for my personal fitting appointment (as the shop owner was with another client), the sales gal was super kind and offered us (I was shopping with the mother) water and a comfy place to sit. For a small boutique, they have a really great selection of bras and underwear in all shapes, sizes, and colors. And guess where they get most of their stock from? The UK! So, happily, my knowledge of my current bra size in UK terms made for a super easy try-on session. I walked away with a very expensive, but very perfect bra for my big day. Did I pay a little more in Contours than I might've online for the same garment? Yes. Was it worth it for the personal service and knowledge that I was supporting a local, independent business? ABSOLUTELY.  I plan on going back here for other undie needs and will be sending anyone I know who mentions their need of big-busted bras! (Though they stock a range, they seem to specialize in carrying larger sizes not available elsewhere).    Contours: I love it.
1 I'm afraid my experience was not good at all, and I'm so disappointed. Tia fit me with a bra that was so uncomfortable and tight, but she insisted this was the right one. She also focused on "fighting gravity" and putting my girls in the right place, but the bra was incredibly unflattering everywhere else, creating big rolls of fat on my back, under my arms and in my torso because the band was so tight. I thought I looked ridiculous, but also, I was uncomfortable. She just told me I'd get used to it. Well, at $68 per bra, I wasn't going to chance it.  I would have stuck it out with her and tried to find something else that worked, but she bailed on our appointment before I could suggest that, and I sense that she was exasperated with me and consequently wrote me off. In my view, Tia has a "my way or the highway" personality. Communications were also poor, as this was my first professional bra fitting and I needed some guidance. For example, I waited at least 15 minutes for her to load my dressing room with recommended bras, and then it turned out that the bras were in there and no one told me (I was hanging out in the other part of the store as instructed).  I admit that I was uptight and feeling modest, but I came in looking for help and all I got was attitude. To be honest, I left in tears. Tia has a very strong personality and she will insist that you go with her choices. I found her extremely inflexible and dismissive. I guess she's just not for everybody.
5 Amazing.  I am very petite and so is my chest.  After having 2 kids I really needed help and decided to go to a real bra shop and have someone fit me properly.  It was a revelation!  I now have the proper support and feel a lot better about my chest size:). It is not cheap, but it's worth it if you can spare it.
5 Women...you must visit Contours!  I've always thought VS was THE place to buy bras until I went to contours.  Their professional staff were great...tactfully explaining and showing me how my bras I have now fit WRONG!!!  Their classy approach to fittings and explanation of how bras should fit and how to care for them was great.  Yes they are a little more than VS per bra (mine was $60), but I really believe they are made better and have a superior fit!
5 Ladies, do yourself a favor and stop by this shop to get you some new lovelies.   Contours is one of the few shops in Madison that follow the proper way to do bra fittings (aka the European method of the number being the number in inches of a band tightly just under your boobs and the cup size being the difference in inches from the first measurement and that of you at the fullest part of your boobs when you are leaning over slightly). If you've ever been measured at Victoria's Secret or some other mall store, you are probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If your straps fall down all the time, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If you get the quad boob thanks to the cups cutting into the top of your boobs, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If your band is riding up a ton, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. If you have a larger than average sized chest, you're probably wearing the wrong bra.  If you're wearing a size small or x-small shirt and you got your bra at Vicky's or a regular store, you're probably wearing the wrong sized bra. The workers at Contours know how to do proper bra fittings (or you can do them yourself with an online guide (www.reddit.com/r/abrathatfits) and bring in your size) and can help you find the styles that work best for you.  Bras here are going to be more expensive, but having one that properly fits makes a world of difference. When I went I came home with one new bra and noted several other styles that I liked which I may pick up online. They tend to be cheaper online, but getting to try on several different styles all at once is worth the premium prices you pay here. I didn't have an appointment, but rather just stopped by when out shopping. The sales gal I worked with didn't seem pushy at all and had a very relaxed pace. I wasn't rushed at all.   I knew they had a nice selection of bras, but I was pleasantly surprised at the variety and quality of lingerie that they also had on hand. A wide variety of sizes from xsmall to plus sizes is wonderful to see. Fellas, if you want to get some quality undergarments for your ladies, this is the place to go. They even will keep your sizes on file along with a wishlist to make future shopping trips (or present buying) an easier affair.
5 Amazing spot for bras and lingerie! Finally found somewhere with a great selection in my size. The staff is super helpful and knowledgeable, and patient with fittings. They made me feel right at home! Plus the lingerie is all super sexy and cute. HIGHLY recommend stopping by for a fitting- it will change your life!
5 I haven't been here in awhile. Unfortunately for me my bra size is so expensive I wear my bras for longer than I should. I know, I know. Shame on me, but I'm a poor college student. This place is the only place I've been able to find my cup size in though! You may scoff, but as a 34HH it's no easy task to find an in person store who carries my size. I almost jumped around in joy when I discovered that! This place gives a great fit. They definitely know what they're doing, unlike the terrible, terrible staff at Victoria's Secret. I have no idea who I worked with, but I know it was one of the owner's. She was a peach! She was just so helpful! She even gave me a few sites I didn't know about where I can find my sized bras. I found it shocking that she was more than happy to hand over other places to find my bras. Maybe she felt my pain in finding the right size. Either way, when I get a chance I'll be back in. Oh, and the prices were pretty competitive with the sites I've had experience with.
