5 I've been ogling this place for a while now.  It's tiny, but they put their amazing looking goods right in the window to tempt me every time I pass it on the bus.  So, just my luck the other day when my bus driver randomly stopped when he got into Morningside and instruct everyone to take the next bus.  I decided to do the healthy thing and walk... except then I passed by Andante and saw the croissants.  Oops.  And ooooooooooooooooh baby what a croissant it was. Crispy, soft, buttery, moist, beautiful.  The woman who served me was brilliant as well, teasing me for the fact that I'd tried to walk by the shop but the basket full of croissants pulled me back into bakery heaven.  Apparently some people say this place has the best croissants in town.  I think I am going to have to agree with them.
3 I visited Bakery Andante after reading good things about their bread. It was a late Saturday afternoon and  perhaps most of the breads had already been snapped up. I asked about the 30% rye bread, but they only had the large ones left. I asked how much.. Over £4! Are you kidding me. Ok, it was about a kilo of bread but I still thought it was a bit steep.  They also have a basket of half price day old bread, so I chose a 50% rye bread. It was about 500g, and I paid £2.40 for it (even with discount?). But since I like most of my bread toasted, I reckoned this was a good option.  The bread itself is delicious, good flavour and nice crust. Next time I want to try their croissants as people seem to be raving about them.  Bakery Andante also sells little cute bags of bread crumbs, dukkah (not quite sure why they would sell this in a bakery), brownies and cookies.
2 I have just been charged £6.50 for a small Pain de Campagne and two brownies!  My    first time in this bakery and I am afraid probably the last .  Very overpriced.
5 The most delcious and healthy breads in Edinburgh! Even my husband, who being German is a real Bread Snob, has caved  in agreement. My fav are the soudough with various % of grains: spelt, rye, etc. but they have plenty of decadent foods as well!
3 I've been here maybe 3 times or so over the past few years. The first time I got the regular brownie and it was amazing-fresh, chewy, and just chocolatey enough. The second time I came in I wanted that brownie again because it was so good. Unfortunately they were out of the plain chocolate brownies so I tried a hazelnut one. The taste was fine, but I was disappointed in the quality of the brownie as I am sure it was at least a day old. It was dry and crumbly. I decided to give them another chance and got another brownie on another occasion but it too was old and dry. I believe that if a bakery is going to sell day-old baked goods, they should be clearly marked as so and reduced in price. Their prices are quite high as others have noted, so it was a shame to have to pay full price for a dry old brownie. I have tried a few other baked goods which have all been nice though. The people working there are all lovely.
