4 I'm very surprised I am the first one to write a review on this Massage Envy location!   I had a good experience here.  My back was bothering me for the last few weeks so I decided to get a massage before having a chiropractor mess with it.  I am glad I did because my back hasn't hurt since my deep tissue massage the other day.    The lobby is very cute, it looks like the lobby of a salon.  There is comfortable seating and products for you to view while waiting.  I think the front desk staff is a little cheesy, they try too hard to be "professional" I enjoy when people make you feel like they've known you for years instead of going through different systems of introduction... You can tell this place is corporate owned.  But here nor there, I went for the massage and the low price.  My mom has a membership here and encouraged me to go.  She sees Bradley and raves about him.  When I called he was booked out a week so I wasn't able to see him, but next time I book my appointment I will definitely be going to him.  When I first went in I was worried that I would be getting the pressure of buying a package.  I really hate being hassled for stuff like that and that was the part I was dreading most.  I was pleasantly surprised at the easy going-ness of asking me to sign up.  When I arrived the girl took me into the "Relaxation room" (again, cheesY) which is just another seating area with dimmed lights and magazines.  She told me the cost of the package and that if I decided to sign up today I would get a free massage.  I like the fact she didn't ask for a "Yes" right away, and I didn't feel pressured to sign up at all.  When I was done with the massage I went to the front and she began checking me out and I was happy that she wasn't immediately jumping on me to sign up.  I ended up signing up, and my back feels so much better.  I think $60/mo is a great deal for a massage, and you can freeze your account for up to 6 months which I also liked.  I had my first massage early last week.  My masseuse was Jericho, who was pretty good.  I asked for someone with strong hands because of the pain I was going through.  He did a good job.    I came in again just the other day again to get my free massage for signing up for the package so  I decided to upgrade to the "Deep Heat Relief Massage"  I would never get that again.  I paid an extra $12 for them to rub me down with Mineral Ice - something I could have done for $2 at home.  My second masseuse was Roxanne, and I wasn't a huge fan of her work.  She didn't put enough massage oil on me, even after it started to dry up.  I like when their hands glide because of the oil, not when my skin feels like it's being tugged.  She also did sort of an indian burn type of rub after the massage oil dried up... It didn't make sense to me what she was doing??  It actually hurt, and not the good kind of massage hurt.  Before we started we did our little consultation and I showed her the point of my back to focus on the most (I asked for about 30 mins) and she mainly worked my shoulders, which I briefly mentioned working on, but expressed my concern for my mid back.  I could tell the massage was almost over so I asked her to please focus on that area that I was having pain in.  It did bother me that she didn't listen.  I will admit though she had VERY strong hands, to the point I had to ask her to let up a little because it was a really DEEP massage!  And my back feels a LOT better.    I would definitely recommend a massage envy package!!  And I do like this location a lot... Very convenient in Boca Park!
5 I have severe and chronic joint pain, swelling, and numbness. I had Kara as a massage therapist. She really was concerned with helping me feel better. I have a hard time moving and the day after my appointment I felt better. Kara is the BEST!!!! I have another session booked with her and plan on having weekly sessions with her to help relieve my pain and swelling....
1 This was the single worst massage I have ever had. If you got here, do not have Reggie do your massage. Nice guy but he is terrible. And the front desk girls don't tell you about it until after your massage. I won't ever be going back here again. Total waste of my money.
2 I have never written a review for anything, but feel i should share my experience in this case to see if it has happened to anyone else, or try to prevent it from happening to someone.   A while back my GF bought me a $80 gift card to massage envy that she has a membership with (not sure why she does she never uses it :) ).  So i finally decide to use it after a weekend of snowboarding.  So I call and make my appointment get my massage, which was good I mean not the best, but for the price it was a good 50min massage.  If you want the whole spa treatment, and professional job you r going to have to spend the extra $100-200 and go to a hotel, but if you want to relax for cheep its not bad.  Now for the reason I am writing this review.  Once the session was over I thanked my masseuse, and proceeded to the front to give the front desk clerk my gift card.  When my GF gave me the gift card she said it was good for massage and tip.  So to my surprise the girl said the massage was $78 and the card had $80.  I asked does that include tip she said no, and she hands me a envelope to put a cash tip in for my masseuse.  During this time she does not look at me once just her comp screen, and she kinda has a confused/I have no clue what I'm doing/I don't care look on her face.  So i left $10 in the envelope which i felt bad about cuz its all the $ i had on me thinking tip was included otherwise i would have tipped at least $15-$20.  So i leave and call my GF to find out if they told her when she bought the gift card if tip was included and sure enough it was.  So i go back inside bout 4 min later and the girl quickly says "apologies" hands me back my envelope with the $10 in it and quickly scans the gift card and says it was $49 for the massage and would i like to put tip on the card as well.  At this point i was like screw it just give her the $31 remaining for the masseuses tip.  She says ok your all set.  The whole thing just seemed really shady.  Either the girl at the counter had no clue what she was doing with the gift card in which case she could have asked the other 2 girls working right next to her, or she was trying to swindle me into tipping way to much.  She didn't even explain to me what the mistake was, or why she thought it was $78 not $49 for the massage she  just handed me back my $10 tip not looking at me once just her comp screen, and said your all set. No thank you, hope we see you again, come back soon NOTHING.  So all in all massage was decent but very shady/bad customer service.  I will not go back and my GF is going to cancel her membership as well.
4 The staff here are very friendly. They were attentive and made me feel comfortable. It was my very first time having a massage, and they made the process much less foreign for me. I ended up getting a six month trial membership, and I can't wait to go back next month.
1 Great massage but the super hard sell was NOT appreciated. I have another massage next week and had no intention of signing up for their monthly program, I would just play full price since I don't live here year round. The woman was visibly agitated when I said no thank you and kept trying. This really was a bad way to leave a massage. I would suggest looking for other places for a massage.  Their monthly rate isn't much better than the going rate and there were people complaining about their bookings in the waiting room.
3 Hubby got me a 3 month membership for my birthday and I just had my first massage last week.  First, the details: the membership gets you one massage/month OR one facial/month PLUS an unlimited number of massages and facials you can ever want to purchase at membership prices.  (One hour massage at member rate is $39 and one hour facial at member rate is $49.)  My massage was great, no complaints.  Relaxing and effective -- what I want in a massage.  The front desk staff really push their products/membership program and seem less experienced as front desk staff than other comparable places I've visited.  For instance, the young guy who was assisting me couldn't locate my file and took about 5min to find it, during which time another staff person asked me if I would fill out the patient info form, not realizing I just did that with the guy who was looking for my form!  (those 2 staff people were sitting right beside each other and the place was NOT busy....only 1 other customer who was being helped by a third staff person!)  So, customer service a bit slow on the uptake, but the actual massage was good.  I'll have to update this review after my 3 month membership expires.
4 Nice place, pretty.  Jesse, a Dude, massaged me, which they got my OK on before I went in. I figure, if I don't get my rocks off on guys, they probably don't on me. Heh.  Anyway, the place is pretty, and Jesse called it to my attention that he was starting on me late, and made sure I didn't have anywhere to be after, as he would be going over to make sure I got my full time. :)  I LOVED the massage, Jesse is very good, and I would go back to him in a heart beat!  I thought the price for the first visit was excellent, but if you don't join the monthly club it goes WAY UP! WAY UP!  All in all, very worth the first try, not sure about the $58 a month for one hour once a month, and every extra massage is $49.  But then again, I have been accused of being a cheap skate. Heh.
5 I have now been here 3 times and I have had no negative experiences. The front desk girls are always nice and courteous even though it is sad that they have to practically speak only scripted, corporate customer service phrases and statements. They are nice in person and on the phone.  I love that it is in Boca Park. If I get there too early I can kill time at Kirkland's, Bath & Body Works, or Kirkland's.  I have found my massage therapist. His name is Ian and he is absolutely PERFECT. I know that each person is different when it comes to touch, pressure and style. But I have to say if you want to get help for your body and fix muscle issues Ian is the therapist for you. He is highly knowledgeable and he practices different modalities.  I have gotten 1 hour massages and just recently an 1 1/2 hour massage. Both were great. Love this place.  They sell Murad products and I have yet to get a facial here but a member price I believe is $49 for an hour which is honestly a great deal.  Too bad this place is corporate though. I feel bad for the employees because working at corporate chains are so annoying and impersonal.
1 I have given this location a few tries. First off there was an occasion where I left my debit card at home. Now I am a member. I was really embarrassed and the receptionist said no big deal we can take care of it in the morning. Which is was and I left the therapist a 25.00 tip. I get a snotty call later that day from a manager telling me I need to pay my bill and I need to leave a tip. The part that really irked me was her saying I need to leave a tip. Excuse me? When I called to inform her it had been taken care of I got an oh ok and that was it.  Second chance I went to get a facial, worst facial I have ever had. She talked the entire time and anatomical information she was giving me was incorrect and laughable. This time I did not leave a tip.
4 Great massage envy location. While there isn't a little quiet sitting area at this one, I've consistently had good massages here. Will come back when I'm in Vegas. Totally worth the drive.
1 I had an appointment for my first massage set up for 7pm last week.  I was told to come in at 6:45pm to fill out paperwork.  I did just that.  Then I was told to wait in the Relaxation Room for the massage therapist to get me when she's ready.  So I'm waiting... and waiting... and waiting... 7:25pm rolls around and the lady at the front desk comes up to me and says, "I'm sorry, but we won't be able to see you for the full hour."  Yeah, no kidding!  Apparently, the front desk forgot to "sign me in" upon arrival, and the therapist never knew I even showed up.  They said they were going to add a scrub or aromatherapy for my next scheduled massage.  Then they said they have someone else that could see me from 7:30-8:30.  I told them I had to be out of there at 8pm, thus my scheduled appointment for 7.  I left without a massage.  While they were somewhat apologetic, I won't be coming back.
1 I have been here 13 times in the last year. I had a membership so I wanted to wait to review this place until it was up.   Facials: I had one horrible facial here. The products they used broke my skin out under the skin so bad that I had to have a facial peel to get my skin back to normal.   The Staff: The front desk girls are friendly.   The Massage therapists: I wouldn't believe you if you swore they weren't massage students. Out of the 13 massages, I enjoyed two. The rest left me extremely sore and one even left me bruised. The most memorable BAD massage was unforgettable. My therapist refused to use any oil or lotion leaving my back red for days from the skin being rubbed off.   The Worse experience: The WHOLE 90 minutes of my massage there was an alarm going off. Apparently it happened whenever the wind blew hard so that neighbors alarm would go off. Definitely didn't make for a relaxing time.   Another Annoying experience: One of the therapists wanted to "chat" and get to know me during my massage. REALLY????  The only time the appointments seemed to be available on short notice and the massages were halfway decent was before I committed to be a monthly member. After I signed the paper. I still have one remaining paid for massage left and I honestly don't know if I want to use it. This place Blows.
4 i was a bit apprehensive about going to massage envy because i get the impression it can be hit and miss here.  i really needed a massage tonight and they are open later than most places and were able to fit me in.  i needed a good strong massage and David did just that.  there's nothing worse than a weak massage but this one stayed consistently strong so i was happy!
5 There are several great therapist at this location,  if one massage isn't for me I ask for a referral to another therapist. I leave happy and well hydrated because usually I'm offered a bottle of water for me after my sessions when I know thats not included in my contract..  the front desk girls (morning shift since thats when I usually in) are full of energy and information and that can be refreshing so early in my day.  I've noticed an alarm does go off around 8am and I've been told its T-Mobile's sensor alarm. If it bothers me I ask the  therapist to turn up the music. Ive also had my first facial here and I didn't know what to expect at first but I found the sessions to be relaxing and my skin looked better as the week went on. I found that I had questions only after the facial had happened so when I went in again I ask the esthetician all the concerns I had and she was soo knowledgeable I can really understand my skin now.. plus talking further helped customize my facial. Also I always let the therapist know I don't like to talk/ or I don't like this / I like that. Ive had a lot of massages and knowing what I want and speaking on those key component helps the therapist know how to better assist me in my experience here! I Love this location! Thanks!!
4 I've been coming here for about 6 months now. The staff here is great always upbeat and friendly :-) only had one unsatisfying massage out of 6 which I feel is pretty good.  I now have a regular therapist that I'm super happy with.
4 I love David! He gives amazing deep tissue & I'm glad to have found him. I got frustrated with the way this location prices out having 2 services done in the day. It's all different from others. A chain should Stay consistent.
