4 For over 30 years, Chef Ray Romeo's meticulous culinary preparation and presentation has delighted food enthusiasts, whether in a restaurant setting or in one of his catered events for the many charities he supports. Chef Ray Romeo has been the recipient of some of the most prestigious culinary awards in the industry. I am only one of the lucky many that has sampled much of his Masterful creations and his sauces are not to be missed since he is an expert saucier .  Dining here is a bit different, first of all the menu changes daily and most but not all plates are small plates to be shared in combination with each other also a mushroom bar with maybe a dozen different fillings and several sauces .  Today I just stopped by for lunch I ordered the grilled very flavorful chicken Caesar salad that was filled with chopped romaine, the tastiest focaccia croutons, house made dressing and Parmesan cheese and I picked up an Angus burger .   You will not find better food in this immediate area this place IS 5 STARS SPECIAL!  many of the small plates are approx $3-$7 (example pulled pork , grilled prime flank steak w/port wine reduction orange roughy w/lobster sauce)  sides like Mac & cheese with truffles $3 sweet potato mash $3  desserts $3 and fruit and cheese plates $6  On Sundays is an Omelet Bar  A nice outside patio is also here and leashed dogs are welcome .  As a very slight update (5-1-11) We were blown away by Dinner last night and I truly didn't Know how ingeniously original and utterly delicious the MUSHROOM BAR IS we shared Braised RAPINI large portabello mushroom and Italian sausage marinara mozzarella button mushrooms ,salmon cakes with sweet chili and black bean mango salsa, Mac & Cheese with truffles and the MOST incredible Chocolate dream dessert of bundt cake ice cream and fudge this dessert was only $3 it is worth 10-12 anywhere .  Everything was very good and very ULTRA  reasonably priced and Value priced wines are featured . I don't think they had an official grand opening yet but word of mouth has traveled and the place was packed . Full dinners will be added at some point to the menu .  NOTE I went before official opening and the Menu I had and posted was a pre-opening Menu and may or may not be the same in selection or pricing .No Dah this is an interesting and Unique experience but I did find service to be slow so I can ignore the minor eccentric ties and I think you might be glad you came since it so so reasonable priced and so much better than anything in this area I am overly enthusiastic about this place because nothing here comes  anything close to this so I hope this place is supported so it can stay in business because I AM PICKY and I REALLY do enjoy this place I hope I can go here for a long time because it truly is very good and NOT crappy like most places in this area....I am a supporter as much as I can about decent businesses in local areas and that is VERY HARD for me since I don't care for most .
4 I went to Betty's for lunch, just 5 days after their opening and must say that I am so excited to have this restaurant in our neighborhood. This place is fun, has great food and the staff is absolutely wonderful! I tried the mushroom bar for lunch and was impressed by the choices and the great flavor of the dish. I will definitely be back and enjoy some vino on their great patio :)
2 May I start by saying, I really wanted to like this place.   This restaurant is a fantastic concept that is just being poorly executed.  I've now visited twice since they opened and both times it didn't meet my expectations.    The restaurant is nice inside.  Clean and contemporary.  There is a very inviting patio dining area, a regular cocktails/wine/beer bar, a mushroom bar area, and a coffee/pastry bar as well.  Apparently there is also a Sunday omlet bar.  In fact, as much as I liked each of these ideas, I think this might be part of the problem - this place is trying to be too many things at once.  But I digress.   The first time, the food was just okay.  There are a lot of small plates to share, so we ordered the prosciutto-wrapped chicken, the penni pasta, the mac and cheese, the Italian sausage and marinara stuffed mushrooms, and the angry shrimp.  The stuffed mushrooms were good - this place is really about the stuffed mushrooms, they have about 10 different creations or you can order them your own way - but everything else was just so-so.  Nothing to get excited about.  In particular, I noticed the chicken was very dry.  The sauces on a couple of these dishes were cold, which was unfortunate.  We attempted to order dessert, but learned that most of the things printed on their dessert menu were not in fact being offered.  Not the end of the world, we picked something else, a chocolate dessert of some kind and a mini cherry pie.  Both were good.  It took a very, very long time to get our check, but our waitress was otherwise reasonably attentive.  We chalked the disappointing things up to the fact that the restaurant had only just opened and was probably still working the kinks out.  Like I said, I really wanted to like this place, because there aren't many fun wine bars in Glendale, so I was willing to give it another try.    The second time I visited, there was a wait for a table.  Which was a bit odd, because there were only 3 of us, no one else waiting for a table, and plenty of tables were open.  However I understand sometimes there aren't enough waitstaff, they get hit by a rush, etc.  We were told 15-20 minutes, so we took a seat at the bar while we waited for a table.  One of the people I was with ordered a cocktail - can't remember the name of it but it had a floral-flavored vodka of some kind, Hibiscus maybe - and it was delicious.  However, the three of us each ordered one drink and the bill - just for drinks - came to $42, which I feel is very overpriced for what we got.    We were seated eventually, and it took a long time for our server to notice us.  Eventually he came by, we ordered several small plates to share, and he left.  The dishes came out one or two at a time with long spans of time in between.  One dish was the wrong item.  One came out nearly an hour after we ordered (which was when the server finally came to check on us).  The dishes are all very basic so they shouldn't take a lot of time to prepare.  One dish the server failed to tell us they were out of until the end of the meal so we just never got it.  When we tried to order something else to replace it, we were told they were out of that too - though we were sitting right in front of the kitchen and I saw the dish go out to other tables about 4 times.  We would've liked a second round of drinks but no one came by to ask.  And once again the food was just so-so; some of it was cold.  The caprese mushrooms were the only thing I'd recommend.  All in all, it was just a frustrating experience.  The server said he wouldn't charge us for the meal because it had taken so long, so at least we didn't pay for bad food and bad service.  But no manager ever came to ask us why we were unhappy, and we all left hungry.  Not the kind of feeling that makes you want to try a place again.    Overall it just seems like this restaurant is trying to be a lot of different things - in my opinion they need to hone in on a concept so the dining experience isn't all over the map (servers who aren't informed about the menu, dishes that are on the menu but aren't being served, dishes that are cold when they're supposed to be hot, etc.)  Both the line cooks and the wait staff could also use additional training, because the timing of the meal is way off base.  Food that comes out cold and an hour after it's ordered is always a disappointment.    I won't be going back, which is a shame because I live very near by and was excited to try this place.
2 Betty's Nosh....I'm so disappointed in you.    Here I am thinking finally-FINALLY a decent wine bar is to be opened up on the west side!  Could it be true?  After waiting an incredibly long time for you to open (including one locked door and another incredibly awkward encounter with your rude hostesses the day prior to your grand opening) I thought we should give you another chance.  Now, a few disclaimers.... as a newer place I think you are still trying to work out the kinks and there was nothing particularly awful in our dining experience that led to my disappointment- it was just a consistent level of "ok".  Almost everything was just......meh.  The wine was ok, too acidic and not what we were looking for.  We tried a variety of mini plates, stuffed mushrooms, desserts, and sides.  For the most part everything was ok.  We did love the various creme brulees and the mac and cheese (although I couldn't taste any truffle oil).  However, the sauces were cold and lacked depth.  Furthermore, the chocolate dream dessert was bland and my fudge and bundt cake was as hard as a rock.... for $8 (not $3) I was far more in love with my friend's dessert that was a mere $3.  For the cost of the food and drinks.... I expected a lot more.  Furthermore I agree with other posters that there is a lot going on here... that was the only overwhelming part of my experience.  I might give you another try in a month or so as your creme brulee and mac and cheese was delicious.  I hope you work out the kinks as you are exactly what the west side could use a dose of.
4 I have had a few meals at Betty's.  The latest was at a business meeting.  The applewood bacon and chicken sandwich was enormous and quite tasty.  I've also had the chicken Caesar salad (house-made dressing).  That was excellent also.  The server was fabulous.   I've tried several frappes, lattes and even plain coffee.  All were excellent and very reasonably prices.  The scones and muffins are quite flavorful. Their patio is gorgeous with plenty of room and very comfortable chairs. It seems they've gone all out with the decor as the whole restaurant is beautifully decorated. The wine bar is fun.  One can sit inside or outside. I've been told the Grenache is top notch though I've not had any yet.  They do have a couple meeting spots for those who are looking for a good west-side location. Definitely a can't miss place to visit.
5 I have been to Betty's twice now. We love the location and it just has a good over all feel. If you are dining inside or out it is very comfortable I cant wait till it is cooler so we can sit next to the fireplace. As for the food, it is outstanding and at a fair price. They have assemble a great team here from the chief  to the wine stewart. Looking forward to the soon to be released expanded menu. You have to save room for the bread pudding it is truly amazing
5 For a unique lunch experience this is the place to be! Awesome mushroom bar. I had the portabello mushroom with eggplant. "OMG Delicious". The decor is very nice, bathrooms are very clean. The service was top notch. Affordable price, absolutely! If you heard of it and never tried Betty's Nosh get in there. What are you waiting for? Awarded Analynn's :)
3 So I took some time and gave you another chance and I'm certainly glad I did!  I came back with a friend and we opted for cocktails over wine (we had a rough day).  Although I was a bummed my server hadn't tried any of the cocktails yet I appreciated her honesty.  We opted for mushrooms, the mac and cheese and creme brulees for dessert.  The only thing that was strange was the cheese tray..... The cheeses showcased were american, cheddar, monterry jack, and swiss.  Where is my havarti? my gouda? but most importantly- my brie? (yuuuum).  Disappointed in the lack of imagination of the cheese tray.  Otherwise everything else was a solid choice but I had tried them all before so it was to be expected.
4 Very nice, clean, and bright.  Interesting shroom menu.  Tastiest bread pudding.  Drinks with a nice long pour!  Will return next time I am over on that side of town.  How bout one in Scottsdale????
3 I finally had dinner here last night.  Love the ambiance,  we needed a spot like this over here. Service was great the entire meal and I cant wait to stop in for a coffee and pastry in the morning,  I think  this would be a great morning hangout.  I ordered the mushrooms, slightly overpriced but very yummy,  you are limited to one kind per order and I would love to see that changed,  there is so many choices it was really hard to have to pick just one. Also ordered the mac and cheese AND scalloped potato's because I couldn't decide between the two,  loved the mac and cheese but couldnt taste the truffle.  Unfortunately the potato's were burnt tasting and very bland.  My husband had the burger and it was very tasty, the bun is way over sized for the size of the meat so you are left with alot of extra bread would love to see a smaller bun or a bigger burger just to even it up a bit,  his potato's that came with his burger were spot on awesome!! We ordered the chocolate dream for dessert, again for what you get a little overpriced, a small rather dry piece of chocolate bunt cake that  is screaming for some sauce poured over the top, a wee small scoop (4 bites) of chocolate ice cream with a super good espresso sauce and A piece of fudge cut in half that was exquisite. We each had a glass of wine that was good,  they do a special on Tue and wed that sounds good, mushrooms and a bottle for 22,  and half price bottle on wed. one last thing, I noticed some really low prices on other reviewers posts and that must have been grand opening prices because it's not that cheep now.
5 My wife and I had lunch here.  We started with the beef & blue cheese portabello mushroom. Extremely liberal with the beef and it was very delicious.  I ordered the Angus Beef burger with Provolone cheese on a cibata roll. Absolutely one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life. Popeye's friend Wimpy would gladly pay on Tuesday, Wedensday, Thursday & Friday for one of these burgers today.  My wife ordered the Rueben sandwich. It was served on pretzel bread. I thought what is pretzel bread? It was fantastic.Once again, very liberal with the meat, saurkraut and cheese. The sandwich was so filling, I had to finish a whole half of my wife's sandwich. LOL  Dessert, now we were both pretty full, but what the hell. I ordered the three little baked Alaskas. My wife ordered the raspberry mousse. As I told our server, I can now go home and die, as life gets no better than this.  If you want a truly delicious gourment experience without the price tag, this is the place. You can not go wrong with anything here and the staff is second to none.  Thank you Chef Romano, you have a hit here.
2 was in there last night with some friends at 7:30, place was about 50% occupied. Sat at the big square table in the bar. Overall service was slow, don't know if server had to many tables, or bar was slow also server wasn't very excited about describing the food beverage prices are way high for the area even though this concept is nicely done. Mushroom bar concept is cool and food was good but some of the mushrooms were undercooked.  Overall prices are just way to high and don't see this business making it in Glendale.  I wish them luck.
2 Couldn't wait to try this new restaurant. My friend and I first ordered a crab stuffed portabello mushroom -- delicious and rich. Our big disappointment came with the Betty's signature salad, which contained mixed greens, candied nuts, pears and gorgonzola. The pears were canned! To me, a restaurant serving pears from a can is unacceptable. I really wanted to like this place, but doubt I will go back.
3 When I heard about the mushroom bar, this sounded like an ideal place for me to go.  In the end I would suggest this place as it stands currently as a place for a drink and an appetizer of stuffed mushrooms before going elsewhere for a full meal.  The drinks were excellent.  I suggest the cucumber melon drink on the menu, served in a copper mug.  They really should build this up as a special drink on the menu... as Hanny's in downtown does with a very similar cocktail.  It is quite tasty!  My partner and I shared two of the portobello mushrooms and were very pleased with them - tasty, but a bit costly at $8 each.  They were certainly fantastic.  The dinner, however, took quite a long time to come out, and when it did was not worth the fanfare that the appetizer had created.  I had a burger The bun was delicious, the meat... standard, and I ordered Chipotle mayo on the side.  The potatoes served with it were nicely spiced on the outside, but once biting in, the center was dry and uninteresting (I dipped them in extra chipotle mayo and it was quite good).  My partner had the Penne pasta.  We were hoping for a bigger surprise with the pasta, but it was your standard pasta from any run-of-the-mill Italian restaurant.  I will definitely be willing to give this restaurant another chance especially since I work nearby and the lunch menu looked better, but do hope that next time the dinner menu matches up to the drinks and the appetizers.  This place has potential, so I hope to see it move up in the coming months!
4 I took a group of business clients to Betty's for lunch and all of them absolutely loved the food! Great place. The one comment I would like to make is that every time I walk in I am being asked if I have a reservation even if the place is not even busy - what is that all about???
5 I was so excited to see a restaurant concept like Betty's Nosh pop up on the west side of the Valley, and I was simply ecstatic that it surpassed my expectations!  My friend and I stopped by for an early weeknight dinner. The menu is changes frequently, but the night we were there they had button mushrooms with various toppings. I had three mushrooms with a warm crab and cream cheese mixture on top. Let me clarify that this is real crab and not the fake stuff with a K. This dish may sound small, but it is VERY rich.  I also got a side of mac and cheese which was pure creamy deliciousness. Our waiter was kind enough to give us each a side of Caesar salad for free. He also gave us two mini chocolate and peanut butter cupcakes for free. It was pretty slow the night we went which may explain the behavior, but it was much appreciated no matter the motivation.  I got a Long Island Iced Tea to go with my meal, and it was "okay." I'll let that slide sine Betty's is much more of a restaurant rather than a bar.   I can't wait to keep checking back for new menu options!
1 My husband and I were looking forward to trying this restaurant as it's one of the few non-chain restaurants in the area.  Our first time we tried the omelette bar which was good enough, but the fillings could be more imaginative.  We had to ask if they had potatoes, which they did, but didn't have a menu stating it.  The omelette took up a whole small plate which was a bit messy to eat. The potatoes were lukewarm.  It took forever to get our coffee.  We asked for bread and they didn't have any on the menu.   We also had to ask for utensils etc. etc.  It was extremely unorganized.  We decided to give it another try a month later and it was not any better.  We were seated and few minutes later asked to move because other people were already seated at that table.  We got up to order our omelettes and when we got back there were again no utensils and we had to ask for them.  I asked if we could get a bagel and English muffin to go along with our omelettes. The waitress said she could get them from the front.    She finally came back at the end of our meal with the check and I mentioned that we had ordered a bagel and English muffin.  She replied "the barista was just too busy and couldn't get them ready, but I took them off the bill".  Too busy to toast a bagel and English muffin??!  And she didn't even come up to us before our meal ended to let us know.    This place is way too disorganized, so we will not be going back anytime soon.
2 Went to Betty's Nosh Saturday with three others for lunch; don't waste your time or money unless you just want to go with friends when it gets cooler to have a drink on their beautiful patio with a fireplace.   Other than that, there's no reason to go.  Their big feature "stuffed mushrooms" are like a frozen Stouffer's entree (not to insult Stouffer's!) and average price is $8 for THREE small button mushrooms or ONE small portobello.  We all had iced tea (no alcohol), shared a couple mushrooms and each had a small veggie-only salad for $21 ea.  We were the only ones in the bar and after hounding us to take our order, the waitress messed up our salad orders and we didn't get them until 30-45 mins. after we were all done with the mushrooms.  Final Review:  Awesome place to put a bar in!
3 The food is Five Stars when Chef Ray is doing the cooking but the service still needs some work . Even at three stars this is the best food that you can get out in this immediate area that I know of .
4 We went here for for breakfast and had a great experience. The mochas and breakfast sandwiches were great. We brought our twin boys who are 19 months old. While I wouldn't say that this restaurant is designed as place meant for kids, the environment and staff were very kid friendly.
4 Stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday and enjoyed our omelets - hot, flavorful, yummy! Omelets are available on weekends. Also had a delicious fresh chocolate croissant - decadent! They have a full coffee bar too with lots of options. Looking forward to returning for dinner - menu looks awesome.
4 The only complaint was none of our food came out at the same time. The last to come out was the kids stuff. I couldn't it and eat infront of my hungry kids. Manager saw this and took % off my bill without me having to say anything. They were crazy busy.  that being said, loved the food, atmosphere is great. Will be going back. I love that there is a place like this in the west valley!
5 Went here today for the first time for a late lunch at around 2:30. We were going to go to Paradise Bakery, and my plan was to peek a the menu and bail if it really was all mushrooms (blech, not a fan). Betty's Nosh is decorated very nicely, so that drew me in initially (Dyson air blade in the bathroom...love those!) I looked over their lunch menu and about six or seven different things looked tempting. I settled on the french dip au jus with cole slaw. My dining partner had the ham and turkey on pretzel bread with potatoes. (It isn't listed on the menu, but sandwiches come with a pickle, so if you hate them like I do, make sure to specify "no pickle.") My sandwich was fabulous. The beef was tender and not rubbery or tough at all like some french dips can be. The jus was just right: savory, but not too salty. I had been hankering for a french dip, and this didn't disappoint.The cole slaw was great: creamy, not too spicy, not too sweet. I sampled the ham and turkey, and it was good, but my sandwich was better. His potatoes were beautiful...crispy and golden on the outside, soft and piping hot on the inside. They weren't overseasoned like some places tend to do. The service was excellent. I get very excited when a non-chain place opens on the west side that's decent, so I have high hopes for this. I am adding this on my go-to list of places to eat: Babbo, Paradise Bakery, Ginger China Bistro, Jason's Deli, Betty's Nosh. My "child" is a Golden Retriever, so I am also very excited that they have a dog-friendly patio dining area. Even if the food wasn't amazing I would support them just because of that. More dog-friendly eateries, please!
3 I usually come here for the happy hour after work which is good. My boyfriend really likes it. Mushrooms are good but the one thing that makes this restaurant make me choose something else when I am hungry is the miniature "noshable" salads. They are good, if you are an elf. They are TINY! They need to add big salads to their menu!!! Other than that, it is a cute happy hour place for people who enjoy mushrooms. And there brulee dessert is yum yum!
4 The menu has expanded so you have many more goodies to decide on. More Nosh-ables (small plates ) Dinners and more. The chicken Marsala is absolutely delicious and was a nosh-able or a dinner when I was there an as a nosh-able it came with some yummy mashed potatoes. We also shared salmon cake sliders  (the salmon cakes were so light and nice) and flank steak  (cooked tender and flavorful with the most perfect gravy) nosh-ables.  I tried a Betty's Cosmo and that really was the bomb! very generous with Grand Marnier. (SCORE!)  The mini Creme Brûlée trio was delightful and well crafted.  I've been here many times because this is the VERY BEST food that I know of that you can get in this immediate area with a very nice ( Dog Friendly breakfast-lunch time) patio. (dogs not at dinner time)  Some of the other great things they offer are the MUSHROOMS, Sunday Omelette's , sandwiches and really the VERY BEST BURGERS (you will Thank me for suggesting these burgers the angus ones so delicious) that come with really delicious house made potatoes and the very best veggie burgers ever known to anyone so awesome they could win a prize.  service is very casual
4 Very relaxed atmosphere.  Music is low and perfect for table conversations. Great wine and food selections. Prices are reasonable but not cheap. Happy hour is perfect on the patio.
2 The food is good and the mushroom concept unique. The atmosphere is very nice. They fail in the service department. I have been there 3 times and each time have had horrible service. Most recently we went in for lunch the other day and were "waited on" by Josh (I think that is his name). He was more interested in hanging out and joking around with his fellow staff than he was attending to us. He would leave for long periods of time and not even check back. There were only a handful of diners there at the time and now I know why. I will only go there again when I have plenty of time to spare. We even passed on dessert because it took him too long to come back and by that time we realized it would probably be another half hour if we even tried. I really want to like this place. They need to focus on service.
1 My wife and I are big foodies (me, maybe literally), so when I came across this place at Open Table, we had to try it. The wife LOVES mushrooms and it seemed like  a wonderful Friday night adventure. When you walk in , it resembles what you might think after reading the reviews, sort of wine bar-ish, a little fast food-ish, interesting and makes you wonder what is coming. That's it for the positive.  We placed an extremely simple appetizer order of crab stuffed mushrooms and a nosh plate of angry shrimp. (we were warned by our waitress that the button mushrooms weren't actually as much "stuffed" as they were "topped"). We also ordered a bottle of the Pino Grigio and settled in...and in....and in... Sweet mushrooms, what the heck was taking so long?   35 minutes later, the waitress delivers out shrimp plate, but no sign of the mushrooms. No offer to refill the wine glasses and she was in such a  hurry, she didn't notice that we did not have table ware with which to eat our shrimp which is drowning in sauce and is not "finger" food. So, 10 minutes later she delivers our Portabello mushroom..."oh sorry they made a portabello instead of the buttons...is that ok?" Well, "not really" we said, I am just not a fan of the thing. Oh, and can you take the shrimp back since it is now cold and we couldn't eat it due to lack of utensils. She proceeds to grab the shrimp (Oh...and the plate is SUPER HOT warning was delivered about two minutes too late for my wife) and turn about, leaving the aforementioned mutant 'shroom and it sizzling plate Before she can get away, we reiterate that we would really prefer the mushrooms that we ordered....I still don't like the "bellos" you see.   The shrimp comes back a couple of minutes later, smoking hot and rubbery as a chew toy. "Did they put that in a microwave. we wonder?" 10 more minutes, no mushrooms. Fughettaboutit and bring us our check si vouz plait. Check comes...oh and "I had them take off the mushrooms". You mean the ones we never got? "Yes". Joy joy aren't we lucky!  Manager was called and that about wraps it up. We probably won't be back...except to use the gift card he handed to us. That maybe their last chance.!
1 Hubby and I thought we would try it last night.  I ordered the Angry Shrimp, and he had the southwestern portabello.  This was our fist time, and the waitress had the giggles while she talked and we had to have her repeat what she was telling us.  The Angry Shrimp was OK and my husbands Southwestern was way too salty.  When we told the waitress, she didn't offer to bring something else, nor did she apologize.  She did mention that she heard that complaint before.  I don't think we will be going back.
1 Tried this place for the first time 2 weeks ago. Horrible service, waited forever for drinks and food. Plus order was wrong! Asked for bread because we were starving.....never arrived. Ordered a buffalo chicken mushroon on a portabello, it was the size of a quarter!! Complained to our waitress and she says they can't control the size of the portobello mushrooms and walked away.  Talk about horrible service and this place was not that busy! She never brought our last round of drinks either.  Bad experience and will never go back. $80 tab for 2 people so not worth it!! :(
4 I've been to Betty's Nosh a few times, just for breakfast on Sunday mornings. Basically I was following Chef Ray because he makes a great Omelet. The first time I went, we all stood in line while he cooked, I liked that along with the chit chat between the Chef and I. It's probably better now, we sit down and our order is taken. Ray is out front and you can watch him prepare the Omelets but some of the fun is missing. There is a down side to standing in line, that is the Omelets are great and if you weren't there early the line for Chef Rays Omelets got pretty long and you spent a long time standing.  I was very happy for Ray opening Betty's Nosh; I wasn't familiar with the partners.  Betty's Nosh, feels very open, while having well defined areas inside and out, I find the decor very pleasing, comfortable, and although I've only been there in the morning, I think that is my loss.  The Mushroom bar looks very tempting, along with the full bar, outside dinning, and the cozy fire place, it looks like a very pleasant place to relax in the evening,  Betts's Nosh's lay out will easily accommodate business lunch groups, and even more so, celebrations while groups of friends can have a nice get together. Betty's Nosh is very comfortable; I'd say there is a kind of joyfulness that permeates the place; it comes across through Chef Ray. I do have to agree with other reviews, that the wait staff seems a bit indifferent, and I've been apologized to "for the wait" every time, I've been there.  Waiting for the check one time, (I do like to eat and run), the last time we sat, waiting for the wonderful Omelet and side Scalloped Potatoes, Yum! My wife only orders it so I can have more. Only to find that 30 minutes later, the waiter, had just remembered that he needed to place the order at Ray's Chef Station. I've liked everyone on the staff that I've dealt with but they seem preoccupied or disorganized somehow. Ray, his Omelets, the feel of the place makes me want to go, but the wait, makes me hesitate. I want this place to succeed and I ache for Ray that enthusiasm and professionalism is missing in the front, I wish more of it would rub off on them.
4 This was our first time here and we were quite impressed!  The atmosphere was unique (high top, nice looking tables in the bar, a bar you could sit at, tables of various sizes throughout, a couple booths and a separate, glassed in room for dining).  People of all styles would feel comfortable here.  The menu is quite large and was overwhelming until our AWESOME waiter explained everything to us.  The food was great and there are quite a few more items on the menu that we would like to try.  What made the entire meal was our server James.  He knew his stuff!  He suggested some wines; some we liked, some we didn't.  The ones we didn't like he took back and suggested another glass.  We never waited on anything and he kept us in the loop about the status of all the different small plates we ordered (there was 6 of us)  The idea of a mushroom bar is unique in itself.  I like how you can pick one large or 3 smaller mushrooms.  The choice of toppings is incredible!  I gave this restaurant only 4 stars because we were only there once.  Even though we don't live close, we will be back and I would think the # of stars would raise to 5.  Especially if we get James as our server again.
2 The only great thing about this place is the patio. The service is totally  hit or miss. The bartender was more interested in talking to his buddies than asking us if we wanted a drink, it took him over 5 minutes with no one else there to acknowledge us. The stuffed mushrooms were very bland and I had to send them back bcuz they were luke warm. They came back nuked and soggy.
4 Hey all my peeps...  I forgot to share about the live entertainment at Betty's Nosh on Saturday evening.  This is awarded Analynn's :)  The entertainment is different from week to week but very good.  I enjoyed a few drinks with the most amazing sugar free upside down pineapple cake ever!!!  I am not a breading dessert kind of person but hello, it was so delicious and warm it hit the spot good:)    The gentlemen playing the guitar was sensational and when he sang that raspy voice really had me hooked!!!  All you couples out there and family people get on out to Betty's nosh and try out the saturday evening entertainment you will not be sorry.
1 We've never experience such bad service ever!!!  I made a reservation for 4 on my husbands 50th birthday and that was the only positive experience we had.  When we arrived, the hostess asked us if we'd like a high-top table in the bar area next to the "live entertainment/karoake dude."  We chose to sit outside by the fireplace which was warm and inviting.  It took our server at least 10 minutes to come to us and get our wine order.  When she returned with our wine (about 10 minutes later) there was no wine presentation, the person who ordered the wine was not the one asked to taste the wine and she sloppily poured it in our glasses, spilling as she went.  The wrong wine was brought out to us and when we pointed it out, she said she would remove it from our bill and never offered to bring out the correct wine!  Meanwhile, we were observing other tables who were disgraced at the service they were receiving.  We actually witnessed the owner asking other tables if they needed their water glasses because they had ran out!!!!  Really???  You're going to ask people for their water glasses back?  That was a jaw dropping experience!  At this point, things were almost becoming surreal...two of our four dishes came up and the owner brought them out to us.  As he was setting them on the table, he dropped one and the contents and plate shattered!  Part of the food went on one of our guests and onto his silk shirt.  He apologized and ran!  No one came around to clean it, bring us napkins, or anything for at least 5 minutes!  A bus boy came by and swept the contents up and we refused the one plate that survived the collision because it had plate shards in it.  In the meantime they sent some bread over but never was the problem addressed!  We all make mistakes and when we do, we should apologize and let people know what you are going to do to rectify a situation.  We had reached our boiling point and walked out.  We were there for an hour and a half and never tasted a bite of food.  We really had high hopes for this place because we love to support local non chain restaurants, but it failed in a huge way and we could never go back again.  We all worked in the restaurant industry long ago and it just takes some proper training of your employees.  They were busy that night but the attitudes of the owner/employees (except our bus boy who was working his first night) was extremely unprofessional.  We'll see if our guest will get his dry cleaning bill or shirt replacement actually paid by the owner.  We left and went down the street to a local Italian restaurant that is always yummy and consistent to make our night salvageable.
1 The food was horrible the smallest portions ever. My kids meal was 5 times bigger than mine. I couldn't even cut through my chicken. The mushroom bar was far from good the mushrooms were not cooked or seasoned in any way special they were plain chicken on top plain and tough. They had teriyaki sauce on top and the one I have at house is better. The place was dead and took forever to get food about 25playset minutes. Will not go back and would not reccomend.
3 We were really excited to try this place, but were ultimately let down.  Seems sort of like a combo between a cafeteria and a bistro. I also think that it was  pricey for the actual quality of food.   We ordered the shrimp mushroom. Description said that it was "panko" shrimp, but it was not. We expected sizeable shrimp (since it was a 12 dollar mushroom) but instead got bread crumbs on popcorn shrimp.   For dinner I got the Orange Roughy and my husband got the Alfredo. His pasta was missing the mushrooms (strange since it is a MUSHROOM bar) and my Roughy was rough. It can't be a good thing when the black bean and mango salsa outshines the main dish... I think the fish actually made me ill, as I woke up at 1 am with some bathroom action.   The bread pudding was marginal, at best.   The beer was good.   The wait staff was very friendly but we felt like we were on our own sometimes. I think that they have to manage tables and take-outs/coffee bar.   Suffice to say we won't be back and won't be recommending.
5 Love this Place! Its something different, everything I have ever ordered has been excellent. They have a great happy hour check it out.
4 We ate here for St. Patrick's Day and the food was amazing!  The weight staff was friendly and very helpful.  We had never been before but glad we did and will go again.  We had the bread pudding for dessert and it was great!
1 We have been here before and revisited, we had the worst service EVER! In fact we had NO service! Out side of the owner bringing us water, we never Were even acknowledged.  The place was not busy, there were  only two other tables Occupied (not counting the bar area) the waiter passed by us a number of times,  Never even said hello or what TF..... We left and had plenty of yummy appetizers  And wine @ Babbo's. They will have to drain all of there savings to survive with That customer service!
5 This place was amazing! We can for breakfast on a Saturday it was nice and cozy. It was like an upscale diner but the prices on the menu were very reasonable. My husband got the omelete and potatoes(which we amazing!). I got a ham,egg, and cheese sandwhich! Everything was delicious. I want to come back and try the mushroom bar at night though!
3 So Okay....first impression from the customers....it's a place for ladies who do lunch.  1pm on a Wed, 10  customers, 9 were ladies.   Menu was ok, tho.  BUT, don't serve spicy waffle fries without saying they're spicy.  If my wife had ordered those, she'd be screamin!.  Waiter promised to tell us about the mushroom bar - he forgot.  Also forgot to bring the leftover 1//2 sandwich back to the table before we left.  Grilled cheese for $10 was pretty tasty.  Roast beef au jus was good, I'm told.  I'll maybe try the Sunday menu - looks fairly good
4 The food here is amazing! Also there homemade desserts are delicious especially the bread pudding!  The kitchen and service is sometimes slow but worth the wait!  Check this place out!
2 My wife and I had been previously, and it was quite good. that was a couple of months ago. Today was a much different story. We came in for Sunday mid-morning breakfast. The wait as interminable. Finally, after taking our order, the server came back about 10 minutes later exclaiming, "I'm brain dead, what did you order?" This wasn't a 7 course gourmet fine dining meal. This was an omelet. Duh....1/2 hour later the food arrived on a 4" saucer plate. A tad small. The home fries were rancid and cold. After sending them back, 15 minutes later, the fries came. Hot, but Greasy. Needless to say, we're not going back.
4 I was a bit afraid to eat here because of so many reviews stating that it wasn't good, from service to price to flavor. Some friends wanted to take us here, so I went. All I can say is, if you had a problem with any of the above, it was just an off night. We were sat as soon as we got there and offered drinks right away even though we were still waiting for the rest of our party. My dirty martini was a bit to heavy on the olives, but good. We all decided to try a little bit of everything as far as the mushroom "bar" menu. The angry shrimp was fantastic and the best of what we ordered. We also tried the buffalo chicken, which was good, and the crabmeat delight, also one of my favorites. For my main meal I ordered the salmon with red potatoes. Yummy!! We all were pretty full, but we went for the dessert. And boy am I glad we did! The bread pudding was so tasty. All in all, I will go back here again. And though I trust my fellow Yelpers, I am so glad that I took a chance on this place. Maybe the trick is to go on a Friday night when they are busy and have a full staff. Give them a try. I hope you have the same experience that I did.
4 Good food and excellent service from the bar tender!
4 Sumptuous fork tender Osso Bucco , Beautiful fresh Tuscan vegetables and Fresh Spinach Cannelloni made with House Made Pasta. This dinner was fantastic! I don't know of any other place in the area that even comes CLOSE to the great food I always get at Betty's Nosh. The specials are off the charts good and very reasonably priced. I was too full to have dessert but last time I tried the fresh daily made house ice cream and it was excellent.  Osso Bucco $18 Vegetables $5 Cannelloni $12  My pictures tell the truth.  4.5 stars   Slight update 9-23-12  My last several Dinners here have been five star experiences. I have received outstanding service from waiter James and the older lady that works for the school. You can see how good the food really is by my pictures.
3 Alright.  So the food is good and Betty's Nosh is a nice cute little place for yuppie food (what I like to call "American Gourmet").  For where it is located it's above average.  It's creative and unique, local, and supposedly they have some live music type of things which wins points with me.   A couple things I don't like: 1) too pricey: they don't have smaller, lower priced options.  2) I'm the kind of girl who likes to know all my options.  How about a beverage menu? 3) Grammar typo on the Sunday Pasta page.  This sort of thing just irks me.  If you're over-priced and you're going for an upscale vibe, proofread your menu.    They do have $3 mimosas and bloody Mary's on the weekend.   The mushroom plates are cute.  Pretty tasty.  Nice options.  $10 per plate though.
5 Love this place!  Very yummy and great service.  I don't eat mushrooms but there is lots to choose from.  Haven't tried their breakfast service but have dined here for lunch and dinner before.
1 Just stopped by to try the new location at 67th Avenue.  The special at $8.00 to go.    Service people were not interested in waiting on us -- too busy talking to one another.  Then when we got home.  It was the smallest portion ever and tasted like it was leftover.  The sauce was almost congealed to the pasta.  When we tried to telephone and talk to the manager -- we were told no manager was on duty.  No attempt to take our phone number.  My advice don't waste your time or money.  This business won't be around long.
5 A colleague and I stopped in for lunch on a Friday and it was FANTASTIC.   We shared the strawberry spinach salad as well as the Italian sausage cannelloni.  The salad was PERFECT. Ripe strawberries and blueberries, candied nuts, fresh spinach and a great dressing that wasn't too sweet and complemented the ingredients very well.  Our cannelloni was phenomenal. The sausage and cheese filling was wonderful as well as the sauce.  The owner was in while we were there and we told him what a pleasant lunch we had. He then brought out the chef to meet us who was so personable and friendly.   Definitely a very friendly close knit type of atmosphere in a great space with cute decor.  While we were there for lunch it would be a great date spot or a fun happy hour.  Such a wonderful experience. Delicious food and wonderful service!
3 If there were 2.5 stars as an option" I would have gone with that. My family and I had reservations on a Saturday night. We were seated quickly, but at a wet table. When we asked if she could dry the table, she came back with a wet towel & continued to wipe. When we asked if she could get a dry towel, she promptly said, "that's as good as it's going to get".  So we simply used our napkin and asked for a new one of those. Our server had very little experience & rather than writing down our orders,  she would come back to the table with drinks, call out what it as and wait for one of us to claim it. Same with the food. The food was ok, and although my pork chops were tasty, the sautéed onions were burnt and I had to scrape them off. My mom described the chicken marsala as, only OK, and our mushrooms were greasy & small. Things were forgotten throughout the night and it made our experience less than we had hoped for. The live music was great and we did move into the bar, where we had great service. All in all, I would not make the trip back, knowing that service was off and food was mediocre. It's a shame because it is a great concept.
5 Stellar. I had the pleasure of meeting Chef Romeo; great guy, nice staff, tasty food. Just go! The chilled veg salad gave me renewed hope for my upcoming  "omg what am I gonna make for dinner there is nothing in the house but veggies" meals. Thumbs up!
1 I truly wanted to like this place. The ambiance inside is great and they have decorated the restaurant beautifully. Our server was also very friendly and efficient. However, the food left much to be desired as it lacked taste and flavor. I had a salad and believe it or not, they had messed that up badly enough that I was thinking "how the hell do you mess up a salad?!?!" The dressing far too sweet and the salad itself had no real flavor in it (probably due to lack of seasoning, I.e. salt and pepper).  $14 for a tiny plate of nasty blandness was also ridiculous I believe. My husband also was greatly disappointed in his dish, an Alfredo pasta, as the sauce was runny/watery and, wait for it, flavorless. Our dinner was so bad that we grabbed another dinner after we left to restore some of our taste buds back to life. It's a shame when you walk out of a restaurant and all you can comment on is the wonderful decor.  Oh well, off to our next food adventure.
1 Overpriced, small portions, unprofessional management.  Will not go back!
5 Love this place! Great food, fun atmosphere, fun/friendly staff! Everything on the menu is good and unique! Nice bar that opens up into the patio.  Love it!
1 Very nice place, didn't even know it was there. Place next door was too crowded so we stopped in.  The place seemed very nice-upscale casual and an interesting concept.  I can count on one hand how many times I've sent food back for taste/quality.  The food lacked flavor and seasoning and was just awkward combinations.  Sent it back ordered what my wife did which was at least tolerable.  Expected to see a manager but we didn't.  Service was exceptional.
5 Wow!  We were so impressed with Betty's Nosh!  Four of us went for a mom's night out and really enjoyed ourselves.  We split three of the three button mushroom plates and were more than satisfied.  We had the Beef and Blue, Tuna Salad and Panko breaded shrimp.  All three were rich, filling and just plain delicious!  We cut them all in half to make them go a little further.    Our server was amazing.  She was so sweet and attentive.  I will be heading back for a date night or another girls night out!  What a cute place...with delicious food!
4 Just came back from lunch at Betty's Nosh. Here is the scoop: Ambience is exceptional. Bordering on new American & Nouveau European. Nice upscale decor and extremely clean. The owners were all there which is a plus. Location does not fit the place but a gem is a gem regardless of location. Food was very very good. Higher quality everything prepared with skill and knowledge. Price point is fair for the quality of food. $55.00  including gratuity for lunch for wife and I. Go for the uniqueness, food, ambience and the fact that it is not a chain.
3 Great food. However, the portions were RIDICULOUSLY small considering what they charged. Probably won't be returning unless they increase their plates.
2 Not quite sure I totally get the whole Betty Nosh concept, although what was noteworthy was that our waiter reminded me of that guy who scored an 8-ball before his shift and just COULD NOT WAIT!  He was amped...so much so he literally cleared out his whole section by hovering incessantly over his tables, talking and interrupting and just in motion, constantly.    OK food, expensive though.
2 Meh, is right! It's a cool idea. And let me tell you this partner, I can dig on some mushrooms! Portobellos were nice size. Everything is cool and the gang there! However when it comes to the button dish it was like they had a mix and match sale at the mushroom store! I don't want to sound like Goldie Locks but 1 was very big 1 was ok and 1 was teency. I know that no 2 shrooms are the same BUT they were not is the same ballpark. I asked my server what was the scoop and she said they have been having trouble getting the same size mushrooms!!! REALLY?!!?! How does a mushroom bar not know where to get good mushrooms?!????!?!??!? That seems like an easy problem to fix!!! Anywhoo It is a neat idea just needs some fine tuning! Call me when you find better mushrooms!!!
5 I don't even like mushrooms and they were delicious
5 Great Service!  Jill always takes care of me!  The food is great, excellent atmosphere and happy hour is a great value.   This place is clean, well managed, and always welcoming... This is a must for west valley dining...
4 Family went in for breakfast on a Saturday morning.   PROS +Not too many people in, so had a nice 'Governor' booth in the back (have 2 small kids) so it was perfect + Omelete was awesome..you get the choice of 4 ingredients and 2 sides, the home fries are great as well + Prices aren't bad  CONS - Service was slow for it being mostly empty - but once we had our food, service picked up...  Would recommend for a nice breakfast/brunch, without feeling cramped and rushed to eat...good for families
4 Great shroom bar
4 Took wife here for her birthday.  We both had Alfredo with mushrooms; I added the chicken.  Very good.   Good server, also.
4 Breakfast was great! The coffee and tea were top quality. My wife had the omelet bar and she loved it. I had the eggs benedict and the hollandaise was sublime. All the ingredients were fresh and high quality. My only suggestion on the eggs benedict is to toast the English muffins. This way they don't get soggy from all the egg yolk and hollandaise. Our server was friendly and energetic. We are going to try dinner very soon.
4 great atmosphere, awesome tea bar (right when you walk in) and the fire and tv outside really gives you a warm feeling. When i was there, they had a musician playing so I thought it was great!
4 I really enjoy the Sunday brunch. The omelets are very good and the scalloped potatoes are addicting. $3 bloody Mary's are fresh and have plenty of punch. I go for the mushroom bar during the week when I want a quick meal that is different and of high quality. Try it!
5 Everything I have ever had at Betty's has been amazing. I live the food, the drinks and the service. The angry shrimp mushroom is my favorite. I also love the mushroom soup. It is THE best I have had in my life!!!'
3 This place is a little different.  The food is prepaird by world class chefs, but the portions are extremely small, and I mean small.  I paid $15.00 dollars for mushrooms.  They were good but come on give me a break here.  Extremely over priced.    One of the thing that I think is weird is that they have a banner hanging outside that says "Voted best entertainment" by owners.  Why would a business put that on their banner?
2 **2.5 stars**  Food was okay...nothing memorable.  Went during happy hour and had the Alfredo flat bread, angry shrimp mushrooms, and kobe beef sliders. Flat bread was really oily on top and has a sour aftertaste, eek! I ordered the sliders medium and they were very dry. Maybe I should get medium rare next time. Also the beef didn't have that "kobe" quality or taste, but they quantity of meat was so minimal, who knows? The mushrooms were good but super buttery. And two mushrooms for 6 bucks (happy hour price) it didn't seem worth it. Good thing we went during happy hour, menu seems a little pricey for such mediocre food. Service was slow but friendly.   It's too bad really, I was excited to try this place. Overall food and vibe, is a little "pretentious". Check out their website and you'll catch my drift. Will come back to give their breakfast and sandwiches a chance.
3 Had brunch/lunch here this past Saturday, heard of this place before and wanted to try it the last time I was in town. The places was pretty empty - actually it was empty inside but on the patio there was few diners. Since it was a nice sunny warm Saturday afternoon, we decided to just sit outside in the patio with the other customers.   So kind of interesting concept - stuffed mushrooms - you get the choice of two big button mushroom and a crostini for 8 bucks or one big portabello mushroom with the filling and a crostini for 12 bucks. I don't really like button mushrooms unless they are in my salad or sauteed on a burger so I went for the portabello mushroom with the crab meat filling. It was pretty good - not really worth 12 bucks though. My bf had the roast beef sandwich and herb red potatoes - that sandwich was pretty big - as for taste he said it was just okay and was pretty overpriced too.  Service was alright, they were kind of slow so didn't make much effort.   Overall it's pretty overpriced but it's a nice atmosphere and they do have other things on the menu if you think paying 12 dollars for a mushroom with filling is too much. Bill came out to be around 40 bucks for two people and I didn't even really feel all that full - it was my mushroom, the sandwich and one strawberry lemonade (with no refills). actually it's pretty expensive - could have buffet brunch for that price........hmmm heard that they have a Sunday Brunch with omelette - maybe that would have been better..
2 I had lunch today at Betty's Nosh with three work colleagues.  The place was pretty slow and it was a nice day so we elected to sit on the patio.    Pros: Nice, breezy patio.  There was cigarette stench wafting from someone smoking outside the front doors but that's not a fair thing to hold against a place since it is out of their control. Interesting concept - I've never been to a mushroom bar before and it's a creative idea. Quality ingredients - Nothing I had tasted "fake" and my food seemed fresh  Cons: Service - the place was very slow but I felt we were forgotten by our server.  After she dropped off our food we didn't see her again for the longest time.  I had to go inside seeking our checks because we had to get back to work. Soft Drink Selection - I ordered a diet coke not knowing that it was going to be in an aluminum bottle.  If you're a restaurant and you don't serve fountain soda please let me know because I'd really rather have water.  Also, don't charge me $2.50 for a can of pop, it's insulting. Portions/Price - Way overpriced for the quantity & quality of food you get.  The Portions/Price issue is the worst part about Betty's Nosh and the major reason I will never be back.  I ordered the crab alfredo mushroom and it came on a side dish plate alongside a 1/3" thick slice of baguette with a few crumbs of toasted cheese on top.  They charged $12 for my minuscule meal.  I have to say that the food was pretty good - not stellar, but solidly good .  It was also the size of a side dish or appetizer.  I could have elected to add another slice of bread "crostini" for $2 more to round out my meal if I wanted.    It is important to know that I don't give high ratings for large portions.  In fact, I despise when you ask someone whether a restaurant is good and they recommend it based on it having massive portions.  For example, I doubt people who rave about Claim Jumper for this reason.  I would rather have quality over quantity any day of the week but this meager fare was priced at 2x the value it should have been.  At 50% or even up to 70% of current prices and assuming you don't have somewhere to be after the meal I would recommend Betty's Nosh but for now this spot gets 2 stars for slow service and unrealistic prices.
4 The food is fantastic.  If I was only evaluating the food, it would get 5 stars, but we've been there at least 10 times and the service is always SLOW.  So be prepared to sit for a while and have a glass or two or three of wine, while you are waiting for the food.  The mushrooms are delicious. It's hard to pick a favorite, so it's best to go with a group of people and order a few types to share.  The angry shrimp, crab, and shepherds pie are three of my favorites.  But all the others are good too.  Whatever you do, save room for dessert.  The owner is a pastry chef and the desserts are fantastic.  The bananas fosters bread pudding is THE BOMB! Sooo good and made with fresh croissants.  The pistachio creme brûlée is also a must!
5 I've been here several times and just love it! Great atmosphere, service is good and food is yummy! Go for happy hour so you can try the many different mushrooms they offer! You have to go early so you can get a sit! They are popular! Great place for a group of friends to go!
4 My boyfriend and I frequent here for brunch on Sundays.  Good made to order omelets, $3 bloody marys and mimosas (and sometimes billini's) and other items such as belgium waffles, two egg breakfast with potatoes, eggs benedict and the best thing to go with all of them...bettys scalloped potatoes (low in carbs and calories of course).  JT one of the bartenders works Friday and Sunday's is a favorite of the locals.
3 My husband and I saw Betty's Nosh presented on a local show called, "Check Please!"  By chance we happened to be on that side of town and decided to check it out.  The place is located in a strip mall and looked quite commercial, meaning it had a "chain restaurant" look to it.  Which I suppose is fine, I sometimes visit chain restaurants.  The place was empty when we walked in.  Completely empty.  We were seated and given our menus.  I was very disappointed that on Sundays, they only have the lunch menu as dinner.  They offered $3.00 Bloody Marys, Bellini's or Mimosas.  I do not like sweet drinks so I ordered the Bloody Mary.  I asked if I could have it garnished with celery.  The waitress was friendly, but was unsure how to deal with a customized request.  She apologized that she usually does not work evenings and had to ask.  I mean, it was a piece of celery, but OK.  My husband ordered the Mimosa.   I had to use the ladies room, and I was not happy with the overall cleanliness of it.  I actually had to tell the waitress that they needed to send someone in IMMEADIATELY to dispose of something that was left on the floor.  OK, so now I am trying to get that out of my head as I return to the table.   My husband and I were looking at the mushroom prices and really blown away.  WAY OVERPRICED!  Should we have walked out right then?  Probably, but curiosity got the better of us.   When the waitress returned with the drinks, mine was minus the celery.  OK, no big deal, my world isn't going to end if I don't have celery in my Bloody Mary.  The waitress let me know they would be bringing it to me from the kitchen.  I thanked her and thought that was nice.  Another waitress appeared with the celery, sadly presented to me, by hand, on a cocktail napkin.  OK, we couldn't use a plate?  The celery piece was not even cut, but broken off at the bottom.  Whatever........   Because we couldn't quite recall, we asked the waitress which items were featured on the "Check Please!" show.  She said she didn't know and she never heard of that show.  Hmmmm, as a restaurant owner, if my restaurant was featured on a T.V. show, even a local one, my wait staff would know exactly what was featured.  So, with the luxury of technology at my fingertips, I looked it up.  Because the waitress told us that the button mushrooms were REALLY small, we settled on the Portobello Mushrooms figuring if they were $4.00 more, each, they would be just the right size.  We chose the Italian sausage and the Angry Shrimp.   It was 7:00 PM and there was now only one other couple in the restaurant.  Maybe everyone was at the Mexican restaurants since it was Cinco De Mayo?  Who knows? When the dishes came out I was in shock.  WOW!  We couldn't believe what we were presented were $12.00, EACH!  The Portobello Mushroom was smaller than the diameter of an English muffin.  I looked at my husband's disappointed face and offered to buy him "second dinner" later on since the portion size was so pitiful.  The toppings did not make up for the lack of size of the mushroom either.  A total of FOUR bites!  That's it!  Oh, and it was missing the crostini that was supposed to come with it.  We had to ask the waitress and it seemed there was confusion with the guy behind the mushroom bar, who was in full view, that although the button mushrooms came with the crostini, the Portobello didn't and there needed to be a full discussion.  Come on, it was just 2 pieces of toasted bread!  The waitress DID return with two pathetically sized, over toasted crostini.   Thank goodness too!  Four bites does not a make a meal for $12.00!  We complained to the waitress about the portion size, she defended it and stated, "that's just the size they are".  It would have been overpriced even at $6.00!  So in conclusion, was the food good?  Yes it was good, not great, but good.  Was the service good, yes although our waitress was often lacking knowledge, she was nice.  Was it overpriced, COMPLETELY!  We won't be back, as we just felt fleeced.
3 New management and a new chef.  Three stars is a positive review.   I was here during a transition time I look forward to improvements.
2 My husband and I went to Betty's Nosh for dinner tonight.  We were set at a table that had not been wiped off asked to have that done and was ignored by the girl that seated us.  Once again we asked to have it wiped and they did leaving water all over the table and the menues laying in it.  Ordered a drink and received the wrong drink .  Ordered ther flat bread and loved it.  Ordered mushrooms they were wrong the replacement was once again wrong at this point we gave up and ate what was wrong. Our dinner came and we decided we would never go back for dinner again but possible for mushrooms and wine.  This was suppose to be a special night and was but Betty's did not help. They have such possibilities but need work!!!
2 The name on the outside of the building says "Betty's Nosh And Mushroom Bar." I'm not quite sure what to make of this place. Is it a breakfast place? A coffee bar? What's the deal with the "mushroom bar?" Haven't figured THAT one out because there is no explanation of WHAT exactly a mushroom bar is.   I really just went here on a whim. My intentions were to go to Biscuits Cafe on 59th Ave. but when I got there it was mobbed and I really didn't want to sit and wait an hour for a table to open up since I was by myself. So, I got out my trusty smart phone and looked for another breakfast/brunch place close by. Betty's came up less than 5 minutes away so I scurried on over there.  From an aesthetic standpoint when you walk in the restaurant it is quite nice. It's got a nice ambiance and is decorated nicely. On the surface, it seemed relatively clean and inviting except for the cool reception I got from a waitress who was busy trying to take care of a bill at the front register. She seemed agitated that SHE was the one who had to greet me (how DARE I come in to eat!) She just happened to be the first person I encountered. I hate establishments that don't have a dedicated host/hostess and just rely on whatever server is available to seat you. She definitely had her hands full but instead of sounding rude she could have just said "Someone will be with you in a moment." What happened to polite and courteous service? Maybe I expect too much. But I digress...Eventually, a more chipper waitress took me and a menu over to a waiting table (which had crumbs on it -- strike number 1)...   It took a few minutes before my server came over to me to take my drink order. I ordered decaf as I normally do in the morning. My cup o JOe came out steaming hot and was strong the way I like it. Ok, good start so far...  My waiter was a bit on the slow side, in fact, in observing the other servers they all seemed pretty relaxed. To me It seemed there were long delays in him getting to his tables as he lumbered along from table to table and station to station, not really moving quite fast enough for my taste. I am of the opinion that when working in a busy restaurant one should move one's ass. Eventually though, he took my order. I ordered an omelette with spinach, mushrooms, cheddar and ham with a side of home fries and fruit, or so I thought. More on that later...  Prior to taking the order my coffee had grown pretty cold, and I hate cold coffee, so I got the waiter's attention and asked him to top it off. Over he came with a carafe of piping hot coffee. After he walked away I took a sip expecting hot liquid to fill my mouth, only to find that what I tasted was ice cold!  Okay, now here comes my order, FINALLY, from the same gal who seated me. I told her about the coffee and she very kindly apologized and scurried away to brew a new batch. Needless to say, she never returned. Wait...where was my fruit? She forgot it. Ok, getting a little frustrated here... Despite not having my hot beverage in front of me, I eagerly dug into the fluffy omelette. Oh no, now what?? What's this? I taste....peppers? I didn't order peppers? And where is the cheese? It was all wrong! They must have given me someone else's order because the eggs were cold (like it had been sitting). There wasn't a mushroom in sight and no cheese, but there were peppers, ham and spinach.  Remember, I ordered ham, cheese, spinach and mushrooms. On the flip side, the home fries were pretty darned good, I'lll give them that.  At first I figured I'd just eat the omelette since I was under a time constraint and this one had taken so long to come out. But when my waiter came by to ask me if everything was okay I just couldn't say yes and I told him my order was wrong. He whisked the plate away and said he'd get me a new omelette. In the process he noticed my coffee cup was gone and I told him what had happened. Five minutes later he returned with a fresh cup of decaf, which this time was hot.  All in all, I was there about an hour and 15 minutes, most of it sitting and wondering where my food was. I would say the food is okay but the service could definitely use a little improvement. It's a shame because I really I liked the atmosphere there. I think I MAY give them the benefit of the doubt and give it another try to see how a second visit might go...Stay tuned!
3 The food was pretty good me and my girlfriend both got the waffles and eggs and the prices weren't bad but not great. It was a little hard to eat since it took about 10 minutes to get our silverware after our food arrived. I can't hold that against them though they were short staffed on a busy weekend.
2 I really wanted to like this place.... But...   I flew into town to surprise my father for father's day weekend.   On Saturday night I asked the family where they would like to go for Father's day brunch and they recommended Betty's Nosh.    A quick check of Yelp showed some average reviews, but the parents had gone there and liked it... so how bad could it be right??  So I booked a reservation online for 10:30am.   When we arrived, the hostess told me that "I was set to be sat outside... Is that ok?"   Since it is Glendale in June and the temp was well over 100, we asked to be sat inside... Note the reservation never gave an indoor or outdoor option.   So they said they would "move some things around" but we had to sit at the "high top" tables.    I was fine with it, but my mom has a bad back/leg thing happening and she eventually agreed.  As we walked to our table, I noted a sign on the door to the outdoor patio that said "outdoor patio closed due to heat".   I thought this to be odd as they were just going to sit us out there....   So we order our food.... and for brunch, several of us ordered coffee.   We were told that all their creamer had "gone bad" and they gave us two small containers of skim milk.... Didn't really do much to their dark coffee.... But really?  You can't send someone to the store to buy cream for your Father's Day Brunch service?  In the front of the place, they have a pastry display with a latte machine.   My wife ordered a latte and we were first told essentially that nobody working knew how to work the machine.... they later changed their story to the lack of a creamer.... Again, Father's Day Brunch, they know they are out of cream yet it is beyond them to send someone to the store to buy some....  Service was SLOW.   We saw 6 or 7 employees.... all appeared to be doing something, but I only saw two actually waiting on tables.  Then the food comes.....  My mother's omelet had the wrong ingredients, she sends it back.   At the same time she noted it was "al carte" and ordered some has browns with her new omelet.  My father's omelet was wrong, but he ate it.  My omelet was ordered with jalapeno peppers, I didn't notice any... I still ate my omelet.   I noted (see photo) it was SWIMMING in oil.... Not just a little oil, like enough oil to over my entire plate with a 1/4 inch of oil... It was really disgusting.  My wife ordered Eggs Benedict.  It was basically just thrown on a plate... No garnish, no effort to make it look nice and the "homemade" English muffin wasn't toasted...a basic thing on eggs Benedict.... She eats it... doesn't send it back.  My mom's second omelet comes.... and guess what?.... wrong again... We send it back again.... but by this time we have all been done eating for quite a while... My mom ends up eating a small bowl of fruit.  As they are cleaning up our plates, the side of hash browns my mom ordered arrived, she sent it back as we were leaving....   The blueberry muffin I ordered within the first few minutes of sitting down arrived.... perhaps 40 minutes later... when we were all done eating..  Now here to their credit they did some things right:  They recognized that they had messed up my mom's meal... and they sent over the "owner's assistant" ... who apologized about getting the omelets wrong....  They ended up not charging us for the two omelets my mom never ate... and took a bloody Mary off the bill.   They also gave my mom a gift card for $25.00  BUT essentially they didn't do any dish right.... ingredients were missing, muffins not toasted, meals floating in oil.... They couldn't even make a latte or provide cream with coffee for a Sunday Brunch.  They missed on EVERY level.  When I mentioned this to the "Owner's Assistant" she seemed surprised we weren't happy with the food that did come.   I even told her about the excessive oil and she told me they had an "experienced omelet chef".  I will come back as it appears they do care... I'm really hoping I caught them on a bad day.... Perhaps breakfast just isn't their thing?
4 I went for HH. Sat at the bar. Megan, the bartender, provided good service. The 3 Cannelloni Trio was very tasty. Well drinks were $2.50  I had a vodka cranberry and they charged me another $.50 for the cranberry!!
2 We have passed this spot a million times, and decided to finally make a plan with friends to try it out, despite the fairly mediocre reviews.  Our friends were running late, so we grabbed a table in the bar area and ordered drinks.  The adult version of the cherry limeade was strong, but rather boring.  The Man had a Kiltlifter, which they have on tap, and you can never go wrong with that!  We decided to order the happy hour special bruschetta.  Fail.  It was absolutely heaped with tomatoes... bland, light pink, unappetizing tomatoes.  The bread was borderline burned.    When will I learn to trust in the power that is Yelp and not try restaurants whose reviews aren't already stellar?  They rarely surprise, and this spot was no different.   After our appetizer, we called our friends and had them meet us elsewhere for a much better meal... with the high prices charged at Betty's you can definitely find a much better meal at a more better price.  Heed those yelp reviews, people!
5 Everything I have ever had here was delicious.  My favorite is their bread pudding it is a must. I would come here just for their bread pudding and homemade ice cream!  Great happy hour as well  Great wait staff always super friendly!
5 Tonight I had one of the most enjoyable dining experiences that I can remember. After reviewing the Arizona Restaurant Week website we decided on trying something new and I am so glad that we did.   Upon walking in we were greeted and offered a table of our choosing to sit at. Since this was restaurant week there was a set menu and none of courses disappointed. We began our dinner with a glass of Wine and ordered our appetizers which were stuffed mushrooms. Two of the "crab meat delight" and two of the "angry shrimp".  These stuffed mushroom were absolutely incredible!!!!  Next up we ordered their signature Mac & Cheese ( this wasn't a part of the Arizona Restaurant Week special but honestly who can say no to Mac & cheese?). The Mac & Cheese was creamy and full of flavor. For our main courses we both had the "angry salmon" which came with garlic mashed potatoes and vegetables. The salmon was excellent,perfectly cooked with great flavor. Salmon dishes like this one will have me choosing them over a steak any day of the week. To end our meal we had our choice of desserts which like everything else this evening didn't disappoint! We ordered their gluten free pineapple upside down cake and my new favorite the peanut butter cheesecake. The pineapple upside down cake was moist and the flavors were amazing.  Upon taking my first bite of the peanut butter cheesecake I knew I would have to come back!  For a peanut butter fanatic like me I couldn't have been more pleased. Thank you to Emily, Chris and JT for their hospitality and amazing service. We were even given a tour of their patio before leaving. This will be a new spot I will frequent!!!
4 Went during restaurant week. I loved the concept of having a stuffed mushroom bar! This was the highlight of the visit, and If I did go back it woould be just for hte mushroom bar. Mine were stuffed with short rib and blue cheese and my hsuband got spicy shrimp, both excellent. The entrees were just OK. Generous portions of steak au poivre and chicken marsala, but the steak was a bit over peppered (I know that's what we ordered, but...) and the chicken was a bit too sweet. The banana Baily's mousse was awesome and my pineapple upside down cake was OK. I'd like to go back as I said for more mushrooms and somre really good looking stuffed pasta we saw going out of the kitchen.
2 Restaurant Week FAIL! I was so excited to try Betty's and besides the mushrooms I wouldn't return. We had looked at the RW menu beforehand and were both going to get the steak. When I was ordering the server informed us that the steak was over peppered in prep and was being sent back all night so we should get something else :( I give her credit for being honest, but the house should have substituted a different steak or something. We still payed the same amount for something we didn't want to order.  Anyway the mushrooms and wine were good. We got the angry shrimp and Italian sausage. They were both tasty and I would return for happy hour drinks and shrooms. Dinner was unmemorable and dessert was ok. I got the pineapple upside down cake and is was served cold which I didn't enjoy much, I wish it were room temp. He got the chocolate peanut butter cheesecake. Good flavor, dense and very rich, we didn't finish it.   The live music was nice, but overall not impressed with the layout or menu other than the mushrooms.
4 We really enjoy having a great little wine bar right in the neighborhood and have been there several times for their mushrooms.  Pretty cool concept and the only place I've ever been that does it like they do.  Decent wine list, but selection may be a bit thin by some standards.    Overall its a nice place to go have a cheese plate and glass of wine and enjoy live music with an adult crowd.  Check it out.
1 Every now and again you go to a place where you feel like the staff just plain doesn't care.  Waited for 15 min for silverware to eat our first course while another server told us his life story and didn't realize we had food on the table and no way to eat it.......food was sub par and honestly didn't reflect the menu description at all....really want this place to be great because I can ride my bike there and eat and drink with my family(pay attention management) but until they care, no one will care to return for a second go...even though they want to.....
2 I have to admit the idea of a mushroom bar appeals to me.  I like mushrooms in particular escargot stuffed mushrooms.  Okay so they don't have escargot but they do have a lot of other stuffed mushroom items.  I ordered the Italian sausage which comes with marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese.  To be honest I thought I would get a piece of sausage but it was more like a sausage meatball.  It wasn't bad but it wasn't a Schreiner's.    Since I was at a mushroom bar, I had to try the mushroom soup. It was pretty good for the price.   The rest of the menu just didn't appeal to me.  I think I had decided on the sandwich but it wasn't a mushroom sandwich.  We had to leave sooner than expected so I never ordered.  All and all the place isn't bad, but it's not great.  The patio looks a little run down and the service is a touch slow.  The prices are pretty reasonable so if you crave a stuffed mushroom then you can't go wrong here.  Unless it's escargot stuffed mushrooms.
5 I've been to this place twice and both were smashing successes. First was for restaurant week where we were treated with such amazing service and great selection. The angry shrimp mushrooms were so delicious I craved them since. Went back for happy hour on the patio and had a blast with the excellent bartenders! Even got a free wine sample! I'm ready to go back again to check out their live music.
5 What a wonderful place!  We had the BESTfood.  Started with the best chicken marsala (Rocky Marsala) and the Crabmeat Delight Stuffed Mushroom.  Incredible!  And server Angie was a delight! Will be back again soon.  Love this place.
1 The stuffed crab mushroom had Imitation crab meat, melted cheese and a mushroom; poor quality with no creativity. Thai chicken mushroom tasted plain with melted peanut butter, plain sliced chicken and sesame seeds, it lacked a Thai essence. Both choices in my opinion were awful!! They could have added better ingredients, some seasoning and the little mushrooms would have been well worth it. Also  8 bucks for a 6-8oz margarita that is full of ice...? Good concept bad execution.
4 My mom and I love love love Betty's Nosh! We go there on Wednesday nights and sit by the fireplace and have wine! Our server was excellent and very friendly! The mushrooms are delicious and wine is terrific! Good pricing too!
3 New bartender. Way better. Good specials for happy hour also. I'm going to keep trying this place. The mushrooms are good, but they NEED to be GREAT. They are a staple of the menu.  LOVE that it is local and not a chain.
3 My husband and I had been wanting to try Betty's Nosh since moving to the Arrowhead area.  We were frantically searching for a last-minute reservation for New Year's Eve, and Betty's Nosh had some availabilities so we seized our opportunity.   We were seated right away, which was great for New Year's Eve!  The bar was quite packed and there was a great band playing a good mix of music.  We were seated in the back of the restaurant, at a table that kind of felt like it was in the middle of the room where it shouldn't be, as waiters had a difficult time getting around us (my purse kept ketting smacked around when new comers would be seated). The ambiance was pretty nice, but I think the lights could have been a little dimmer.   Our waiter, Gus, was great!  Super friendly, and very attentive without being overly-so.  He gave us the prix fix menu only so we ordered from that, as we weren't very surprised they were offering a fixed menu for NYE.  However, no prices were listed at all, which I feel they should have been so you don't feel like a cheap-o when you ask.   As we waited for our food we noticed people around us being served food that was not on the fixed menu, and others being provided with the full menu.  We were both a little confused by this as we would have liked the option of seeing the full menu as well, instead of having to choose between only 3 different appetizers, main courses, and desserts.   The stuffed mushrooms were great, and I'm glad we tried those since that's what Betty's Nosh is known for!  The entrees (filet/lobster for me, prime rib/crab for my husband) was pretty good.  The desserts were ok (I got a pear napoleon and he got a strawberry banana philo type pastry), seemed like they were prepared way in advance as they were freezing cold and the pastry a little stale.    I think we would go back for a happy hour type of thing and just do drinks and mushrooms.   Overall pretty good, and we'll give it another chance!
2 Oh my gosh..... The mushroom I got was DECENT. It was the angry shrimp. The flavor was sweet and savory but the taste of the shrimp gets heavily masked by the sweet sauce on top. I then ordered the trio cannelloni thinking it would be big enough for two people to share. I was wrong each cannelloni is literally an inch long and is overally rich. I don't know if it's cream cheese or marscapone that gets incorporated with the Ricotta but either way, way too rich! Last but not least I ordered the Tuscan grilled salad. More than half of my salad had wilted lettuce and the veggies were not fresh. An overall disappointment. However the GM/Owner came out and apologized on his behalf and stated that they have been having produce issues and offered a gift card. I will give this place another try just for their kindness.
3 Good appetizer style food and brunch is decent on Sundays.  Service has been good but inconsistent.  Love the patio and live music they have frequently it seems.  Good atmosphere but also a little high priced.  Overall, good place.
1 One star seems extreme, but here are my reasons, and I'm sure you will agree on my rating. Let's start with my biggest turnoff: in plain site of customers, the cook used his cell phone with his sanitary gloves on, only to handle food immediately after setting the phone down. Next biggest complaint: the restaurant was maybe a third full, and our waitress dilly dallied around, extending our dinner out an extra 30 minutes (estimation). The time before this, our waitress actually sat down at our table, talked about getting a DUI and doing drugs, and appeared to be on them as well as she would repeat her stories and ask the same questions all throughout our lunch date. Drawback three: my boyfriend and I both agreed that my veggie burger was of a texture worth getting sick over. He said toe jam. I thought cornmeal. Tasted like _____. Exactly. Nothing. He ordered the Rueben, and although he enjoyed it, he was upset with what he received for $16. He felt it was very overpriced and expected much better quality of food for that amount.
2 I saw these folks at Flavors of the West in Litchfield and it looked like maybe they had turned it around. So like I said last time I can get down on the mushrooms. I really want this place to get it right because I live in the north west valley and don't want to drive all the way over to Mellow Mushrooms. However it seems things have gone from bad to worse at this place. Sad. The Portobellos were now smaller than the 1st time I ate there and a LOT smaller than they were at Flavors of the West. Now I know you bring your A game and stack the deck in your favor at a rodeo like Flavors of the west but this was night and day. Same goes with the buttons. Also I noticed that the romaine seemed a little past its EXP date. Over all the food was good but for the money I am spending I expect to leave full. I don't think that is unreasonable. They have some pretty good wine and dine deals but I don't feel it's worth it. I guess for now I'm heading over to Mellow Mushroom OR next door to Oggi's for a large with extra mushrooms. Too bad for me...
5 What a nice find! Recommended by a friend, surprisingly large inside, compared to what I saw from the front if the building. Outside covered seating is a plus. Four of us had the appetizer stuffed mushrooms, and 1 had the fish and chips. There are so many stuffed mushroom choices! Everyone raved about what they ordered. I personally had the Italian sausage and also tried the angry shrimp stuffed mushrooms. Others had crab stuffed, and carbonara. Happy hour drinks... I had the "well" margarita, which was so tasty, I had to have another one! We all enjoyed our different desserts, too. We'll be back to try more of the menu!
5 Tripped over this place. Lovely patio, delightful service.  Happy Hour deals make sampling affordable and delicious.  Wines on happy hour are tasty and affordable.  Tried both Malbecs, each had its own character
2 Just left Betty's Nosh, nice decor (2nd star). First off, horrible optics, 7 servers standing in the middle of restaurant talking, while our sever was working the bar seating and outdoor patrons. Food, overpriced and poorly prepared. Ordered Thai chicken mushrooms with peanut sauce, shredded chicken breast was as dry a possible, peanut sauce...terrible. Beef and blue mushrooms...same as above different ingredients, same result. Reuben sandwich...store bought shaved corned beef..dry, stale pretzel roll...dry...seeing a theme here...last straw, another customer paid my tab, and I paid theirs and the waitress paid the difference out of her tip...as a fix. Where is the manager???!!! Nice to look at...but way overpriced for this type of service and quality. Needless to say, we won't be back...oh yeah, this was our first visit.
3 It could undergo a cuisine makeover. Food it just always, alright. Nothing, wowzers. Good service, nice location - above average food.
3 I did not try any of the main dishes, only sweets.  They where very very good and I would go back.  The service however was very slow.  It was not a busy day, it just seemed like my waiter was more interested in talking with the other staff members than checking on our table.
4 We are new to area and noticed Betty's Nosh on one of our many errand trips. We went back tonight and had a great experience. We started with the mushroom sampler platter and they were wonderful. We totally underestimated the size of the sampler but we ate every last yummy bite!  Then I had a Mediterranean salad and hubby had a ginormous club sandwich with sweet potato fries. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and will definitely go back.
5 Food fantastic.  Atmosphere fabulous.  Service impeccable (Brian was our waiter this visit)!
1 Service took an hour and half after we got seated. No one ever checked on us to see if we wanted anything. Half of us didn't get water because they ran out of water glasses. food was cold when I got it because everyone else at table had omelets and they only had one person making omelets. Not impressed
4 Great place to visit on the West side of town.
4 Great place, great atmosphere, great service and great company with my family.   Everything we ordered was delicious.  I was obsessed with my fries and the veggie sandwich. It was on point.    I shall come back.
5 I went here for a business dinner. It was amazing!  The food was fantastic, the service was fantastic, and even the live music was pretty great!    I had been avoiding going for a long time because I was worried about it being too expensive.  Surprisingly enough the prices were actually really reasonable!    This place is a definite must try if you are in the area! I can't wait to go back!
1 My statement to my happy hour companion:  Take a good look around.  We'll never see this place again.   I should have read the Yelp reviews prior to going...I would not have gone if I had done my homework.  Sounds like a great place, looks decent and it was pretty busy on the Thursday night my girlfriend and I went.  We were very happy to finally get out of the house and have an hour of adult time.  Disappointed is an understatement.  We waited 14 minutes until I spoke up and asked a waitress (who had passed us no less than 4 times) for a glass of water, at least (it was 97 degrees out).  She tapped on our table and said, "no problem," then walked right away from us.    Another 7 minutes and we asked a different waitress for some service.  She absolutely "huffed" and walked away.  As though we were bothering her???  We are (2) 45+ year old women, with a pretty strong influence in the area of Betty's and for this being our first visit, the word of mouth this restaurant will get from us is unfortunate.   My prediction: closed in 1.5 years.    Anyway, no one came by at all.  Not at all.  No water.  No "I'm sorry."  No nothing. For over 20 minutes.  And definitely no manager around.  It was not busy enough to make people wait for water and drinks.  Not at all.   Highly disappointed and the experience completely adjusted our evening.  Bummer for us, and an unfortunate FAILURE on the part of the management/ownership.  I will not only NOT RECOMMEND this place, but I will speak ill of it.    Lastly, I told the staff lingering at the front of the restaurant that we were leaving after not being attended to for over 20 minutes, and they simply looked at me.  I wasn't mad disrespectful in my manners--just told them that we were leaving.  Not a word from any of them.  Good bye, Betty.  I wish we could have gotten to know you.
4 Someone local suggested this place to a friend of mine. We met for lunch while I was in town for a short visit. We were seated right away, and our server quickly came to get our drink order. As an appetizer we tried one of their mushrooms from the mushroom bar. The angry shrimp mushroom was to die for. I had the grilled veggie sandwich for an entree. The sandwich was very tasty & filling.  Other reviewers have had issues with service. We had nothing, but great service the whole time we were there. The restaurant wasn't very busy (probably since it was lunch on a weekday). When they get busy, service may slow down.
4 Ok, read the reviews good and bad, but still wanted to try this place out.  My wife and I loved it,  got there just after happy hour. Yes it was busy but the staff is super friendly and took care of us right away. I had the chicken marasala loved it. Also ordered Mushrooms and this being my first time eating them I really enjoyed them.  I don't get the negative reviews.  I'm positive we will go back.
4 Came here the other day with a couple of girlfriends for Sunday Brunch! Service was excellent, I really enjoyed my smoked salmon Benedict (around $12.00), their waffle breakfast looked really yummy and the portion size was HUGE! prices were average but I was super impressed with their weekend Bloody Mary and mimosa special which is $3.00 all weekend long!  Great spot for a quick and casual breakfast or lunch!
1 Garbage. Total garbage.  From the time we checked in at the hostess stand through service and the arrival of our cold food it was amateur hour.   The chef must not know the menu or cannot read, because we ordered the breakfast burrito with sausage and bacon and it arrived with ham and bacon. That is awesome when your 10 year old does not eat ham. The server brought out the toast at least five minutes before the food so it was cold and hard when the food came. But wait there is more!!! The hash brown potatoes were cold mooshy and void of any flavor. Food, service and the arrival process were all beyond horrible.   If I owned this disgraceful excuse for a place to eat I would think about a new career.   Did I mention this was total GARBAGE!!!!
2 We went here for the Sunday Morning Breakfast meal so this review will only cover that particular meal and experience. Upon arriving the place was only about half full, but we were told to just sit and wait at an empty table until they could seat us somewhere with a server. 10 minutes went by and then we were led outside to a table in the covered patio area. It took another 15 minutes before our very busy server acknowledged us and brought us some drinks. The only thing keeping us sane was that other couples sitting near us were getting even less attention and were even more fired up about it than us.   It's a shame the service and wait was so bad because in the end the food was actually quite good. The waffle breakfast was a good value and all the food was tasty. Ordering gluten free was more of a challenge than it should have been. They don't have a gluten free menu and we weren't confident the kitchen or the GM were able to understand the restrictions (the great potato debate went on for a while) but ultimately my wife played it safe and she enjoyed her meal, sans potatos.
4 Best brunch by far in Northwest Glendale. Always searching for a good spot in this area and found this one. Staff was great, food was good. Like the atmosphere . Plan on trying them for wine tasting And dinner soon
5 Excellent all around..Our first time here and will definitely be goin back!  Our waiter Brian was awsome!
2 We arrived at the restaurant, We waited at host desk for some one to come to us, a server came and said restaurant was full and we could sit at the high tops in the bar. Our server was, to say the least Disconnected, seemed not to care in either her actions or attitude, we waited to order, she didn't know the menu, said no to a simple substitution on one of our orders without even checking with the kitchen ( please substitute pasta for Mashed potatoes).  Food was ok, our chicken dish has greasy sauce on the plate and the chicken sandwich was dry.  The bartender came by to help with drinks and was very personable, possibly the only redeeming feature
5 Great food and atmosphere , nice selection of food and drink.  They have a great happy hour.   They also have live music and wine tasting.
3 Odd experience tonight. It was our first time and we wanted to try something new and local. I asked for recommendations from the menu and I got the dreaded, "everything's good" response. My wife and I had chicken entrees. The chicken tasted good and was well seasoned. The steamed veggies weren't anything to write home about.  The mashed potatoes were luke warm but the rest of the food was very hot. Our server was apologetic and offered us an alternative. The portions were huge. We both took home a chicken breast.  For the prices, we expected more of a "finer" dining experience. Our bill was around $57. It seemed to he popular with the senior citizens. Maybe it was due to the time of our visit; 6:00pm.  Oh well, at least we have something for lunch tomorrow.
