4 Wonderful food, nice menu, casual attire, nice friendly service. Cute small restaurant with home cooked dinners. Very reasonable prices.  Family owned. Good place to get a hot meal for two under twenty dollars.
3 very friendly, good food, decor could use a little work, but its family owned and operated, and the prices are extremely reasonable!  Have been there twice and enjoyed the food and service both times
4 It's nice to always have to go to the chain restaurants and Gold Canyon Cafe is the perfect answer to the quick, "where should we go eat." The food is homemade and always tastes good. The service is friendly and thorough. The pricing is a great value for what you pay. I give it 4 stars because I wish t was open longer hours and sometimes you have to put-up with the hoards of poor tipping, loud, and overly critical snow birds.
5 If you enjoy good home cooked meals, this is the restaurant for you.  Everything is made from scratch with tender loving care.  The owner knows his cooking and it really shows!  I would recommend this cafe to anyone.  Great food at great prices.
4 I went to GCC on a fluke but ended up loving it!   The food is home cooked and there are even some vegetarian options! The grilled cheese/mushroom/tomato sandwich is really good, others at the table really enjoyed the roast beef/veggies, the catfish dinner and the cod. All the dishes are ample to huge, the prices are excellent, and the service is great!  I want to try their breakfast and malt shakes soon (but not at the same time:)).
4 On my way to Laughlin I needed breakfast and stopped here (did not want to stop in Phoenix) and did not want chain restaurant. So glad I did this is going to be my new stop for breakfast when heading that way from Tucson. Service is husband and wife, great food home made and fresh. I like that they are more focused on food and keeping prices reasonable. and not spending all their money on décor.
4 You can't beat the down home cooking at the Cafe.  Every night there is a new dinner special all for under 7.99.  Stuffed cabbage on Monday,  lasagna and steak in Tuesday, best catfish in the west on Thursday.  No ambiance.  It is all about home style food at affordable prices.
3 Three stars based on hubby's liver and onions and  the soup of the day - lots to eat but his mashed potato request came as a baked potato. However, the fish special was not great (I would give that only two stars), overcooked and served with very tired cole slaw and tartar sauce that was discolored around the edges. Very disappointing considering many of the comments mentioned home-cooked quality. And please wipe the water spots off the cutlery.
4 wonderful little cafe! the food was plentiful and really good. The staff was friendly and efficient!!  will go there often!
