4 Talk about a random find. This place is right behind Soyo and the new Windmill library. Who knew?  They hold monthly food fairs to raise moneys for their mortgage. Coz even the monks gots bills to pay. I stopped by for some Pad Thai, some sort of lychee drink, and some desserts. The food's not mind-blowing, but it's a nice way to spend your Sunday morning and support our local culture. You are welcome to take off your shoes and go inside the monastery.  For their event schedule, visit http://www.chaiyacmm.org/.
5 This is actually for the Thai street food thing that they have every month. All the food was amazing, and for the price it was well worth it.  Pad Thai - for 5 dollars you can have possibly some of the best pad thai in Vegas.  Fish Ball and Beef noodle soup - same price, 5 bucks, amazing soup.
4 this is the review for the food festival not the temple itself.  Went to the monthly food festival today to try it out. driving up and see the food stands i thought to myself that it was going to be a bunch of horrible tasting food. little did i know i was completely wrong! There is no entrance fee unlike other food festivals which is awesome. You exchange money into "tokens" and use them to buy food. All the food ranges from 1-5 dollars with $5 being your bigger food items like pad thai and fish ball noodles. Things i tried were the pork skewers, pad thai, fishball noodles, pancake thing with butter and condensed milk, other pancake thing with leeks and thai ice tea.  All the food was great my favorite was the pancake thing with butter and condensed milk. i would definitely go back to get that. second favorite was the pork skewers at $1 each this was a steal! thai ice tea $2 also a steal. definitely one of my favorite out of all the food festivals
5 I've been meaning to try their monthly fundraiser for a while, so glad I finally did. Super cheap and delish food prepared mostly to order by cute little Thai grandmas. Huge portion of mango sticky rice for $6 - everything else maxed out at $5. We tried chicken pad thai, pork and chicken satay for $1/skewer, and papaya salad which my friend says was the best he's ever had. We got a bunch of asstd snacks, mostly coconutty things for $1-$2. They had flower like things just like Hawaii style Chinese pretzels, and steamed cakes like Filipino poto. Can't wait to go back next month 5/19! Btw cash only of course.
5 I was amazingly surprised to see my childhood monk's monastery on yelp.  I grew up being raised Buddhist, so I went to numerous monasteries in the Las Vegas area. This is by far the best Buddhist temple in Las Vegas. The decor is beautiful inside and it is very spacious so you aren't crammed next to each other when you meditate. Arjahn Chaiya, the lead monk is extremely helpful when you want to learn about the Buddhist religion; he does not come off strong like most religious practitioners, which is a big plus. He is very respectful of other religions and beliefs.  Although I do not practice Buddhism any more, I still come to pay my respects to Arjahn Chaiya, but I also come for the monthly food fair that is popularly reviewed on yelp. Some of the food is good, but not spectacular; however, the items that are there every month that are AMAZING are the Moo Yahng (Pork Skewers) and Guay Tiew Nam (Rice Noodle Soup).   All in all, its a nice, spacious, and beautiful monastery to practice Buddhism and it is a delicious cultural find!
4 FOOD FESTIVAL REVIEW not the temple  Great food and very friendly people, I was surprised to find out it was a block from me and never knew about it haha .  It starts early and you do not have to wait long for food and there is no problem with the parking lot either.  food is mostly made right in front of you so it is very fresh!   one demerit point from me because some people making the food also handle the money .... They have gloves on but do not change them. Im ok though I didn't die or got the runs so I will be back for more! ( I just hope they get this post haha )
5 Awesome! They are soooo friendly too. :))))
