5 I'll start this review off from a little quote from my friend. "Romero's and Filiberto's are for drunk-white people. That isn't real Mexican food."  Well... he wasn't joking!  We started off just heading out for some lunch, and he decided that he wanted to take the whitest girl he knew for some real Mexican food... where only real Mexican food can be found, apparently... In Maryvale. We got there, and I was blown away by how delicious everything looked.   Unfortunately, I wasn't able to order my own food because I am hardly fluent in Spanish.  Regardless, we both enjoyed the Mexicana, which consists of lettuce, tomato, jalapenos, avocado, onions, mushrooms, beans, cheese, and steak, all in between two delicious pieces freshly baked fbread.   We finished our meal with the Strawberries and Cream which was also unbelievable. This sounds like it would be just-another-thing, but the cream is flavored with something and its amazing. Also, the Horchata is incredible! This isn't your watered-down Filiberto's crap.    TL;DR: Try everything, you will NOT be disappointed. This place will kick any other so-called Mexican restaurant's ass. It's worth the drive.
4 I never find myself dinning in this neck of the woods but I wanted to meet a girlfriend for lunch and she works at the juvenile court nearby.  Our options looked bleak until I hopped onto my Yelp app and found this gem.    I was taken back by how clean and shiny everything was.  The display of pan dulce, agua frescas and ice creams made my mouth water when I walked inside.   Tortas Paquime is great for a quick bite.  I had the paquitostitos and my friend had taquitos - yummy snacks on the menu.    Service was fast and friendly.
5 Whipped into this lovely, newish Tortas Paquime this afternoon for a bite to eat.  I ordered a cup of their Soup of the Day, which was Corn & Nopalito Chowder, & a Torta Mexicana.  While waiting for my order to come up, I munched on goodies from the Salsa Bar, including a Chile Curtido, a Chile Toreado, some cebolla, & carrot slices.  Soon my order came up.  The big sandwich was piled up with thin-sliced beef steak, mushrooms, bell pepper, onions, lots of avocado & more; & it was as good as it sounds!  In fact, both the soup & the sandwich were just terrific, & with this being the nicest of the three Tortas Paquime locations, it was absolutely 5 Stars...   ¡¡YUMAMUNDO!!     :-))  Cup of Soup of the Day (They actually served me a bowl of it!):  $1.99     :-)  Torta Mexicana + a few tasty homemade potato chips & Salsa Bar treats:  $5.49   PS:  There's a nice patio out front & the TV was no bother, playing cool American rock music videos at fairly low volume.     :-)
5 Great food and drinks will return, hope this chain takes off even more.
