5 I needed an exterminator as I was getting visits from creepy water bugs. One bug and I have a heart attack. I went to the radio shopping show to see if they had any current offers. They had one for RidPro. It was a 30.00 service for 15.00 1st time customers only. Before I bought the certificate I contacted the company to see if signing a contract was required. The owner Cal called me back and stated I did not have to sign a contract. We made an appointment for this morning at 6AM which I really appreciated so I did not have to take time off from work. He was right on time. The best part was he told me I did not have to get the certificate from the radio shopping show, he would honor the price. He came in, went right to work and was on his way in under 10 minutes. we talked about prices if I need further services. It would be 25.00 a call as I live in a condo and do not have a yard. That is a good price, last company I had was 50.00 and I had to have them every 3 months. This way I can call on my terms.   I will use this company again when needed!
5 upon moving into our new condo 2-3 months ago, we noticed that there was a minor bug problem aswell....EW! we are from san diego, not vegas so not at all used to "roaches" (waterbugs as people call them here - whatever you want to call them they are still GROSS!!) so we called this company and talked to cal-the owner who scheduled a time to come out and look around the condo and do his initial visit. he was very thorough and we have not seen ONE roach inside our house since. yay! we asked him to come every other month from now on just to keep the maintenence up! thanks cal =)
5 Called at 10:00 am for a bee swarm problem and by 11:00 am they had the problem taken care of. They are very fast and professional will use them in the future.
5 Wow! I must say, I'm impressed.. I have dealt with my fair share of Pest Control Business's but RidPro's customer service is top notch.  They will have my business FOREVER! Just like "The Beast" will hold baseballs in the movie "The Sandlot"!!!  Keep up the great work! -Stuart
