5 Tried this place a couple days after they opened.  Owners were on-site (refreshing) and very gracious.  When I try a new restaurant I usually stick with the basics.  NOT HERE.  I am a pretty adventurous eater.  Troy & Christine suggested I try the "Braveheart" if I was feeling, well brave.  Read the description ..... Crushed Dertios??? Jalapeno's??? & MORE.... NEVER thought of this combination but have to tell you it was extremely good.  Try it on thick crust.  Toppings were top notch quality and everything worked perfect together.  Plenty to take home too.  Looking for  a great pizza, not just in the Biltmore Esplanade but in the valley, make the trip.
2 So I walked across the street for a meeting today and stopped by this new pizza spot.  I was on the move, so I asked if they do slices.  They say "of course."  I wait a few minutes, get a box with a pepperoni slice in it, and wait for it....a bill for $6.30!!  Disappointed with the price of the slice, I just left $7 bucks and walked out.  Counting on this $7 slice being the world's biggest and best pizza slice I've ever seen or had, and hoping it being worth half of what I paid for it, it instead left me in a state of depression and financial irresponsibility.  It was smaller than a typical slice, soggy, undercooked dough, and just not that good.  However, the place was clean and tidy, and appeared to have a rather fair selection of bottled beer.
4 Another yelp suggestion that paid off. Now first off this isn't Cibo. Cibo is tops in AZ. I would say Brugo is in the top 10 in Phoenix. These are thicker crust pizzas not to be confused with Chicago style. They have numerous specialty pizzas to choose from which range from Doritos on top to your regular pepperoni. We went with house specialty Chrissy. Great flavor with the combination of red sauce and pesto. Delicious! We will definitely come back again, but that's only because Cibo has a wait and is 20 minutes further.
5 I love these guys! Chris and Troy have got the gourmet pizza down. This restaurant has some of the best pizza recipes I have ever encountered. Their list of gourmet pizzas all feature inventive combinations of fresh ingredients.   Once you taste some of the more imaginative ones, you'll be amazed at how well the favors combine and work off one another. Great beer specials on Tuesday night (Half-off) and take&bake pies available as well. I will usually swing by here for a drink or two once a week and pass the time over some delicious pizza pie.
2 Don't get the SALAD!  I know it's a pizza place, but normally, "upscale" pizza restaurants have great salads.  The topping were decent, but the tomatoes were watery and they use 100% ICEBERG LETTUCE!!  Are you kidding me?  What a let down for a $9.00 salad!  On a positive note, the service was great.
5 Stopped in here to have lunch with a friend and was blown away by the pizza we got. The owner and the server we had were very nice and recommended one of the house specials - a chicken, artichoke, white sauce pizza. It was one of the better pizza's I've had in a long time (and San Francisco pizza is pretty awesome!). They have a bunch of special pizza ideas that I've never heard of & can't wait to try. The salads looked pretty good too.
5 This place is no longer located on Camelback ,  but is located at the El Pedregal at the Boulders Resort and Golden Door Spa in Carefree.  This was the first Sunday they were open and there were four of us at our table.  We each ordered different individual pizzas so we could share.  I ordered the Flying Chorizo pizza with an addition of achovies and it was divine.  There are specialty pizzas and you can build your own.  This pizza easily tops the Streets of New York and is well worth the drive to Carefree.
5 This place is no longer located on Camelback ,  but is located at the El Pedregal at the Boulders Resort and Golden Door Spa in Scottsdale.  This was the first Sunday they were open and there were four of us at our table.  We each ordered different individual pizzas so we could share.  I ordered the Flying Chorizo pizza with an addition of achovies and it was divine.  There are specialty pizzas and you can build your own.  This pizza easily tops the Streets of New York and is well worth the drive to Carefree.
4 I'm definitely torn on how to review this "new" restaurant  to the N. Scottsdale/Carefree which was previously located in Phoenix. The location is fantastic, on the second floor of the El Pedrigal Shopping Plaza. The views are beyond stunning. The decor is really cool and the seating is so comfortable. Tables are generously spaced from one another, with various different configurations -- booths, banquettes, tables, bar.  I love the red and white checked tablecloths that screamed Italian to me. They have poker chips and Bicycle decks of cards on the table to pass the time . . . A great idea considering my husband And I played four games of gin rummy before our food arrived, and that was at 1:30 pm on a Friday afternoon with only five seated tables.  They menu is much more extensive than I had anticipated, given that it is a pizza place. I was really pleased to see that they offer a 9" personal size pizza. Great when no one else wants pizza and you do. They have so many gourmet pizzas as well as a "create your own" option. There are several salads and sandwiches. On this occasion hubby ordered the Philly Cheesesteak. It was delivered piping hot, a beautiful specimen, with a cheesy coating melted from the grill.  I had to pick off a piece and try it for myself . . . Ooh, so yummy. The sandwich came with a side of fried zucchini which was lightly dusted with Parmesan. Delish!  So where I am still on the fence is with the pizza. We ordered a medium sized thin crust with mushrooms, ricotta and spinach and half with pepperoni. It's not Neapolitan style to which I have become so accustomed and is currently my favorite style, nor was it wood-fired. The red sauce is really tangy, and overwhelmed the toppings, including the cheese and the pepperoni. It isn't bad, but not at the top of the list.  All things considered, I probably would go somewhere else for my Pizza cravings, but I love everything else about Brugo's so it will likely be a part of our regular rotation for salads and sandwiches. So happy to have a fun, cool restaurant devoid of the cowboy vibe in our way North Scottsdale neighborhood! The sunset views are a definite bonus!!!!
1 Tacky, Tacky, Tacky....fake flowers, cheesy tablecloths covering a very nice contemporary table (would look great without  the cloth), Pandora music stream could have been nice if they had paid so you didn't get commercials. They took over a very well designed interior that the former Luc's designed and they screwed it up.Really interior design goes a long way.  Oh yeah, the windows haven't been cleaned for who knows how long. It really had potential. But good taste is not universal! The pizza was Ok but I definitely expected better for the price. I didn't have a salad since I saw a big pile of iceberg being served on the way in. Far North Scottsdale deserves better!
4 Just came back from lunch at the new location in El Pedregal.  The dinner salad was large and plain -- certainly the lowlight of the lunch.  We'll go with the antipasto salad next time. Everything else was really good.  The pizza was quite different -- and in a good way.  The crust seemed to have two layers, the bottom of which was very crispy.  The cheese and sauce were of high quality and nicely flavored.  Seen as one entity, the pizza stood out for what it was not -- greasy or overpowering.  The flavors blended together nicely into one smooth, substantial pizza pie.  To top things off, the restaurant occupies a fantastic location and gives off a very high-end vibe (OK, with the exception of the "cheesy tablecloths" mentioned in an earlier review).  Brugos is a welcome addition to the area -- fine pizza in a great location.  We'll be back.
4 amazing pizza!    pizza snobs from NYC and it still hit home. pizzas are fresh, crispy and out of this world.  the frank town is incredible.  and you can't beat 1/2 price wine night on wednesday.  service was friendly and attentive.  really nice atmospher and delicious food.   we went twice during our stay at the boulders.  definitly worth a visit!
1 Horrible service.  Wait staff and barkeep have no clue at this place.  Botched orders all around.    pizza was decent at best.  salads came with incorrect dressings.  find another pizza joint.  is there a no star option?
2 Okay, we went to the Jazz & Wine series and they promoted this place as new. My wife ordered the Margherita Pizza and complained it was not good. she didn't think they used the right sauce on the pizza and couldn't find any basil on it. My pepperoni pizza was average. The crust had the texture of and tasted like it was a store bought frozen crust.  I should have known as they serve Pepsi, and I am a Coke drinker.  One good thing is their selection of beer was excellent.  Had the Purple Haze from Abita Springs Louisiana. And, it was a nice view for the sunset.  But for Pizza, I'll go across the street to Ciba e Vino.
5 Had a wonderful lunch at Brugo's Pizza at El Pedregal. The pizza was awesome as was the pasta dish.  The pizzas and the red sauce for the pasta is old school Italian - the best I've tasted in Arizona.  It's a bright and cheerful restaurant in a nice location. The food is out of this world wonderful.  Its a must try!
1 I don't get it...the hype that is... Gourmet pizza OK...good name that just doesn'f follow...Cashews on pizza...really ? Are you out of your mind...What's next ? Peanuts on the shell, coffee beans, pringles ???...  I'm happy for them if they are popular...but there is nothing about gourmet about this place. Cozy dining room OK...I'll give them that.  Never have I seen such a complicated menu...mind boggling, with items coming at you from all directions. One bite of a pizza probably yields close to 1,000 calories, so rich it's actually a turn off....  Fun place to grab a beer, some wings and a salad...but Pizza ? Not only that, but they are also extremely high priced.   If you want a fantastic pizza without the hype and pretense, you would be much better off at Alberto's up the street.
4 We found this place through Yelp and decided to give it a try. Here's the breakdown:  Pros: -Really nice atmosphere. There were a lot of tables but it didn't feel over crowded. They had playing cards on the table which was a good idea but germaphobe me could only think about who had touched them before me.  -A large, ecclectic menu for those that want to be adventerous and try new types of pizza (think toppings like Doritos, a "taco" pizza, and pesto sauce instead of red sauce)  -REALLY great food. My grandma and uncle wanted to make sure I included the amazing-ness of their spaghetti and meatballs. Phrases like "best I've EVER had", "really thick sauce that clings to the pasta", and "perfectly cooked al dente pasta" were instructed to be included in my review. My pizza was also very good (I stuck with regular old pepperoni)  Cons:  -The service on the night we came was HORRIBLE. It took 2 hours to get through dinner for 6 people. Not ok.  -Our server had no voice, was sweating profusely, and had dark circles under his eyes. My uncle half joking/half seriously asked if he had laryngitis and he gave us a vague answer about him losing his voice. We were a little concerned that the owners didn't send him home regardless of him being sick or not. He wasn't the best face to show the customers.   As you can see, the pros outweigh the cons and the cons I mentioned were not ones that couldn't be fixed. I definitely recommend this place.
3 Great craft beer selection, especially bottles.  Draft is a "no crap on tap" policy with zero Bud/Miller/Coors options.  Only the good quality stuff, though I think they have too many Arizona beers.  Breadstick appetizer and zucchini appetizers were amazing, and a bargain at happy hour.  Pizza was nothing spectacular though, and it's tough to stomach the low $20's for a normal sized pie.  Service has been very erratic for me - sometimes great, sometimes the worst I've received in awhile.  The owners are often there too and they're quite nice.  I just wish some of the kids as servers would be a bit more attentive, especially when it's not very busy.
2 BAD service! We were looking forward to trying this new place since we live close by. Sadly, we won't be back. Pizza was just OK...
5 Brugo's serves the best spaghetti and meatballs my husband has ever eaten in a restaurant, and we have lived and eaten  in NYC for over 30 years.  It is outstanding!!  I order the individual thin-crust mushroom pizza which is delicious-incredibly fresh. We shared an order of BBQ chicken wings which were also fabulous.  But they REALLY need to offer hand-wipes!!  The room is lovely and the staff is incredibly attentive and friendly.  We ate there 3 times while staying here, and the staff remembered us and welcomed us back.  We've sent a lot of people there for the sp. and meatballs and everyone has agreed that they are the best they've ever eaten in a restaurant.  Definitely the best restaurant in Carefree.
2 Nice but inattentive service even though the restaurant was nearly empty (about 6 people in the place).    We had the vegetarian pizza. It was okay but not great.  There isn't much else to say.
5 Visiting my cousin in Az., had time to explore, found this place. Had Hot Wings one day by myself, got a take in bake the next day.  Spicy Italian. A little pricey, but given the locale not too bad. The pizza and wings were excellent, especially the pizza. Cooked up great . The ladies working were fun while waiting, having a nice beer ,great brew selection. Will definetely hit it up next time!
1 It pains we to give independent restaurants a bad review but have to be honest...that's the whole point of Yelp.  Not sure where to start.  This space does have one of the best views in town so just look outside, because just adding canvas photographs of Italy and ill-fitting red/white checkerboard tablecloths to the beautiful decor of upscale restaurants past, simply doesn't work.   The tablecloths sliding all over the table really just makes it all annoying.    I'm not sure what made my think the "flash fried zucchini" would be fresh vegetables with maybe a light breading, but it wasn't...just standard sports bar fried discs. The menu is really too much- I love creative dishes but I can't imagine anyone actually ordering/eating some of these pizzas. I chose a calzone. Because I didn't see a description on the menu and because of some of the weird pizzas, I confirmed with our server that it came stuffed with ricotta and mozzarella and I just needed to pick other toppings. I added Chicago sausage and green peppers. Never thought I'd say this..but the crust was too thick- thinking back, it was more like a stuffed pizza than a calzone. They put their thick sauce inside and out, the cheeses were practically non-existent and then they melt cheddar on top?!? With the menu full of references to the owner's Sicilian heritage...who does that? Do they even know what cheddar cheese is in Italy?  The pepperoni kids pizza was great and I really liked the wooden paddles for serving dishes/plates. Also, the cards were fun, except the annoyance of the tablecloths again.  We'll go to Amaro's if we want to stay in the neighborhood.
2 I gave this place 2 stars. One for the service and one for the ambiance. The pizza reminded me of Pizza Hut, but it was $23 for a medium. Tons of choices on the menu, nothing authentic. The appetizers seemed to be frozen finger foods warmed up and the pizza is terrible and to make it worse extremely overpriced. If you're staying at the Boulders, skip this place and go to the Spotted Donkey or somewhere off sight.
5 You want a great pizza?   Better check this place out!   Had our second visit there last night, and the food was a great as it was the first time.   This is located in the old Luc's in El Pedragal by the Boulders Resort.    The menu has a great selection of appetizers, (you have to try their special breadsticks by the way!) There are salads of course, but I'm there for the Pizza, and what a great variety of pizza.   We ordered two pizzas, both in the personal pizza size (13").   The crust was to my personal liking, but I'm sure they will go thinner or thicker if asked.   The toppings were very generous and each to the two pizzas had very distant tastes.   The desserts were fantastic with nice portions.    The interior is upscale, but somehow feels very comfortable and inviting!   The service we had was excellent.   I may have to go and try the pastas next time, but the pizza selection is so extensive it may take me a while.
1 If you can stand bad service, no courtesy offered by the staff and expensive prices you may try this place. That is if you are lucky enough to arrive when they have the dough for the pizza!!! yes, yes !  You understood me right!  Today at 5 PM with a Festival going downstairs in the Pedregal mall, this pizzeria, sorry, gourmet pizzeria, was without pizza dough!!! Why? Because the chef left without making enough!!! I am not sure who made the dough for the pizzas that I ordered, waited 2o min extrar and of course paid for! By the way, I paid $58 for 2 "medium" pizzas (more like small) and bread sticks, and the bread sticks (approx. $8) arrived with no red sauce!!!! All of this was for a carry out while the pizzeria was about 20% busy at the time!!  When I asked for the managers I was told they left!!!   Sorry to say even the pizza is very good and the red sauce is outstanding when you can get it, I am not going there again and not sure how many people will be putting up with this type of service and prices...
5 The thin-crust margherita pizza is just like what you'd get in northern Italy. Truly amazing! Impeccable service too.
1 This place has its ups and downs.  We went the first weekend they opened and, while the pizza was good, the wine selection was not.  And we were there for three hours - not what you expect for a pizza dinner.  Granted the place was packed.  I've been back a few other times - once for dinner and twice for lunch.  The last time I went was the Saturday of a holiday weekend.  The restaurant next door was pretty busy, but Brugo's was empty.  We were the only two people there at Noon.  Our server was sick.  When I asked about it, she said she had been sick for two weeks but had worked nearly every day.  (If you are a restaurant owner, please send sick people home!)  We also observed her go behind the bar and make herself a Bailey's and Chocolate Syrup drink.  The restaurant floor was not clean - crumbs under most of the tables.  The furniture looked like something someone picked up before it was sent to the trash - ripped seats, worn edges, upholstery pulling off of some chairs, etc.  Our check was $30 for two personal pizzas with three toppings each.  WAY too much for what they give you.  As we were leaving, I looked everywhere for a sanitation grade but could not find it.  Isn't it a requirement to display that?  Sadly, I won't be back.  I moved here from a much better culinary city - I live close by and miss good pizza.  Maybe they'll turn it around, but I'm not holding my breath.
2 The other night we were looking for a family-friendly pizza place with pasta as well for a party of 8, including kids.  Brugos fit all of our criteria, the pizza was decent and yet we didn't love the place.    Right when we sat down, our server announced they were out of kids drink cups- OK, fine.  Can we have some bread to get the kids started?  No bread?  You want to sell us cheesy breadsticks instead?  Ok, let's look at the menu.  The sandwiches look interesting, but they are only available at lunch.  So lets start with the dinner salads instead.  Hmmm, they are fine but dull.  Wait, why do I need to keep my fork for my entree?  Can't you wash this one and give me a new one?  Our table's reaction to the pizza was mixed.  Some thought it was really good.  I thought it was average.  We had the Meatball Pizza and the Chrissy's Special.  We didn't have dessert but I do love Molten Lava Cake...  I also had trouble getting past the ripped upholstery on the booth seats and a couple of our chairs.    Overall the place was fine, and our server was really nice, but I don't see us going back the next time we're in town...
4 GREAT FOOD LET DOWN BY INCONSISTENT ATMOSPHERE AND SERVICE.  We had some friends in from out-of-town staying at The Boulders. We wanted to try something new that was close to them. After reading the reviews on Yelp, Brugo's seemed to be the perfect spot.  And it was in many ways. Everyone in our party of 9 found something interesting to order. And all commented on the quality of the food and preparation. So 5 Stars in that regard...  But the atmosphere, while warm and inviting, was a bit tired. The booth needed re-upholstering. My chair had a napkin placed on it to cover its upholstery. But nothing else seemed terribly out-dated.  However, it's the service alone that keeps me from plopping for 5 stars. As we walked to our table, we overheard other diners asking "We've been here an hour, what's the holdup?" and "We've asked twice for another set of utensils." Our server, "22 Robbie S" seemed quite eager to leave at 9pm. He brought the check without asking if we wanted any more drinks, desert or coffee.   I think they were simply under-staffed.
4 Update:  I was recently in North Scottsdale and stopped in at Brugos.  The cranky hostess (see previous review) was either no longer employed or was not there on the day I visited.  This hostess was very nice.  Asked me how I was doing.  Showed me to a table very quickly. Made eye contact, etc.  Much better experience.  The waiter was excellent!!  Very knowledgable about the menu in particular contents of the food items which is important for my wife. Wish I could remember his name, as he deserves to be recognized for his professional behavior.  The food was great.  Whether eating out for just a change of scenery or for that special night out, these folks will take good care of you.  Previous review:  My first time did not start well but improved quickly.  The hostess did not smile or make eye contact. She did not welcome us to the place.  She asked if we had a reservation. We said no.  She looked at the seating chart grabbed three menus and walked away without much more than a grunted follow me. She is in need of training. Once we were seated things immediately got better.  The waiter was very nice.  He made some nice suggestions concerning an appetizer. He was very responsive with our drink order.  I ordered the Fettuccine.  The pasta was great and the sauce was perfect.  I was a little disappointed that the chicken was processed cubes of meat rather than fresh.   The atmosphere is very relaxing and noise level allowed for pleasant conversation.  Overall the experience was pretty good.  Update: I was contacted by the "owner" concerning my review.  Folks, that means a lot!!!  These people care about their customs.  In my world that means, that I strongly suggest that you give Brugos a try.  Sunset is a beautiful time to be in the dinning room.
5 Great food and a funky looking building. Many choices of pizza to get and a large selection of beers and wine. Server was great and food was even better. Cheesy bread was the best I ever had. Thin crust pizza like it should be and not cardboard like most places.
1 Ate here for the first time on Thursday July 11, 2013, with my wife and daughter. Got there right at opening at 5p and first impression was very quaint restaurant with beautiful views and a nice atmosphere. Appetizers were decent. We had hot wings and antipasto salad and then came the entrees. Thin crust pizza with Chicago sausage (whatever that means) pesto noodles and a dish called Chrissy's lasagna. They say the pizza is award winning. I'm not sure who awarded them but this is definitely not worthy of any awards except maybe an award for being only slightly better by a parsley flake than the pizza at 4 sons gas station down the block. Pie was small for a large, sausage was sparse and burned. Perhaps the Chicago connection to the sausage was it's made out of people? I ate pencil shavings once when I was in the Marine Corps to survive an over 9 day period in the field isolated from my troops that tasted better then this. My wife had Chrissy's lasagna. If they placed a diving board on the side of the dish we could have gone swimming in the pool of sauce that the lasagna was floating in. Not too mention it was terribly over salted. Two bites and my wife did not want to finish. My daughter is the queen of pasta. She would eat pasta at In and Out burger if they sold it. You get my drift - SHE LOVES PASTA!! That said, she ordered the pesto noodles and it was so bland and without the slightest hint of flavor, she poured a few grains of salt over it - WHICH SHE NEVER DOES ON ANY PASTA - to try and give it some flavor. EPIC FAIL! Oh here's an oddity kind of unrelated (but not really) to the point of this review which will conclude momentarily.....I asked for fresh spinach on my pizza and the waiter said its too hard to get in the valley. Uhm, I live here in the valley right across the street from this establishment as well as 7 full service grocery stores within a two mile radius and ALL of the stores carry fresh spinach. This tells me they use frozen for the bulk of their toppings. Now for the end and point of this review: MY WIFE and I GOT FOOD POISONING from Brugos!!! I'd go into all of the technicolor graphics but the toilets have seen enough from both ends. I'm being as serious as cancer!! We both got violently ill. We took home the leftovers - of course we won't be eating them - but I will be taking samples to a lab to have tested. I've NEVER written such a scathing review. Not EVER! But I am absolutely pissed off about this! I have no axe to grind. I don't know these people and before we ate there, I never even heard of Brugo's. HOWEVER - this is precisely what happened!!!! Fortunately,  our daughter was not affected - only my wife and I. Bottom line......EAT HERE AT YOUR OWN RISK!!! We will NEVER eat here again!
2 My wife and I ordered takeout from Brugos.  Alarm bells should have been ringing when I walked in to pick up my order, and found the place almost empty, and the only people who were in there were at the bar drinking, not eating.  Basically, if you like poor quality pizza, this is the place for you.  I ordered a Caesar salad, which for some reason had tomato in it.  If you can't make a caesar salad right, what hope the rest of the stuff?  And so it proved.  Cheesy garlic bread was next up.  It was basically a pizza base, absolutely covered in pretty tasteless mozzarella.  I can only assume they forgot to add garlic, since I certainly couldn't taste any of it, so basically it was cheese on toast.  They did include a small pot of what I presume was supposed to be marinara sauce, but was instead tomato paste with some basil in it (I think it was basil, since this was straight out of a can tomato paste, the taste of that was so overpowering it was hard to tell exactly what the green flecks of matter suspended in it were).  Finally we get to the pizza - the crowning glory of a pizza restaurant!  And we'd only ordered a classic margarita - surely a pizza restaurant can't get that wrong?  Actually they can.  It was essentially more of the "cheesy garlic bread" only this time, instead of putting the "marinara" sauce in a pot, they had helpfully layered it underneath the tasteless mozzarella.  It effectively rendered the tasteless mozzarella a binding agent only, so overpowering was the tomato paste.  There were some tiny pieces of chopped basil on top of the pizza, that were completely defeated by the overpowering tomato.  No fresh tomato on the pizza though - presumably they had used all of them in the caesar salad!  This place was saved from the embarrassment of one star by the fact the order was prepared quickly.  When I phoned it in, they said it would take 30 minutes, but when I turned up in 20 minutes it was ready for me.  Of course had I waited the 30 minutes they'd said, it would have gone cold, but I'm feeling charitable!  Really, avoid this place.  I've genuinely had better from Pizza Hut.  ----------------------------------------------------------  Added on 11/5/13  I've just seen the owners response to my review, and had to comment further.  They proudly claim that "Our Margarita Pizza is my Sicilian families recipe".  Why does that make the slightest bit of difference?  Just because your family is from Sicily doesn't mean they can cook!  They might be terrible at cooking!  Their recipes might have been considered the worst in Sicily (maybe that's why they had to move to the USA!), so slavishly following them doesn't mean your product will be any good.  Where any of your produce comes from and the recipes followed is irrelevant if the end product doesn't taste any good.  Do you actually taste the homemade sauce you use and make sure it doesn't taste like overpowering rubbish you can get from a can?  Oh and by the way, thanks for pointing out that I could have requested you not put tomato on the Caesar salad.  It's nice to know that it was in fact my fault that I didn't get what any normal person would consider a Caesar salad.
3 I can deal with spending $22 for a 14 inch pizza if it is really good and it was pretty good.  But $11.50 for a Jameson on the rocks?  Really?  That's a little ridiculous. I cannot see them lasting at these prices.  I hope they get them in line and fill the place up as we don't have many decent places to choose from in the area.
4 I am posting this review at the dictation of DH, as I am the Yelper in the family.  We attended Taste of Cave Creek and DH tried the Brugos pizza from their stand.  Even though it had been baked at the restaurant and brought to Stagecoach Village site and warmed up, Mr. Pizza Connoisseur thought it was so good he got two more slices.  So a few days later he was up by El Pedregal about lunch-time (careful planning?) so he stopped into Brugos for lunch.  He said the dining room was very urban-cool with great views and he bet it would be very romantic at night.    He ordered a "Monty" sandwich.  It was a grilled chicken sandwich with pesto, provolone, tomatoes, onions and lettuce.  DH, who is as picky about bread as his pizza, said the bread was great.  In fact, the sandwich was great.  For about $10, it came with a side salad as well.  Such hefty portions, DH ended asking them to wrap up half the sandwich to bring home.  Therein lies his only disappointment---since it was a "working lunch", DH was trying to juggle his iPad and his briefcase and other business accoutrements when he departed and he inadvertently  left his sandwich behind on the table.  He was sorry about that.  (So am I---if he'd brought it home I could have sampled!)  He thought surroundings, food quality and value were all very good!  Also, his server turned out to be the owner of the restaurant, along with his wife, and DH said he was a really nice guy, and as small, family-owned business people, we appreciate other family businesses.  Why support some faceless corporate entity when you can go somewhere where they are literally putting their heart and name on the plates?  So DH wants to go back and try dinner.  Since he's always a bit of a skeptic when it comes to Italian, I know it must have been really good.  I am very curious to try it myself!  Plus who can resist a romantic dinner with views with your honey!
4 Absolutely loved the pizza! Ranks right up there with Pizza Bianco! The pizza is baked on a paper specially made and patented for Brugos! The crust isn't doughy and so crispy on the bottom and moist on top. The green peppers were cooked perfectly still having a nice fresh crisp bite but not raw! Chrissy and the staff were awesome and so cordial. I am Italian and a professional trained chef from Le Cordon Blu and I highly recommend you try Brugos! I don't take many of yelp reviews seriously and trust my own judgement. Trust yours!
2 The food is just okay, nothing unlike I would get at any other standard non-chain pizza brand. The food takes FOREVER to get to your table.   Service is abysmal. No drink refills, no checkbacks to see if we actually like anything, pretentious attitude. Hostess didn't even greet us or say goodbye. Ugh... How hard is it to train your staff, peeps?  Atmosphere is bizarre. I know Luc's was in this spot, and it still has the decor from them. It seems that they took a lot of the items Luc's had, and decided to add checkered tablecloths. The decor seriously needs some work, because it looks lazy. To add to this, the banquets/booths are ripping and there is serious wear and tear all over the place.   Blech. Don't bother.
1 My husband and I are staying at the Boulders this week and decided to try this place out. Turned out to be a bad decision.   We were promptly seated and joy of joys! There was a deck of playing cards waiting for us on the table and the hostess offered to bring us poker chips! How awesome is that?!? Unfortunately, that's where the one star was earned (not that zero stars is an option, but you know...)  We were given waters and I said I would need just a minute to look at the drink options. BIG mistake. HUGE. We sat there for 20 minutes while multiple servers and I think the manager walked by and ignored us. We finally flagged the guy down who gave us our waters and he took our order even though "someone else was supposed to take this table" while glaring off into the distance. I feel I need to point out here that there were MAYBE 15 people in the restaurant, tops, so really no excuse for such poor service.  So on to the food. My husband ordered the "slightly wilted spinach salad" and even though I wanted to try one of the pizzas, I decided to order that salad as well...figured that was a quicker option at that point. Salads came pretty quickly and to try to compensate for the long wait, the server brought out a couple of slices of pizza. Incredibly bland, rubbery pizza. Now I'm glad I went with the salad, which was pretty "eh" itself.  After all of that, you would think the running of the credit card would have been quick, but no. The check sat for almost 15 minutes before the guy came back to run it.
4 Great place to watch a sunset. Easy walk from the Boulders.
4 Great place to watch the sun set, food is great, we've been there 5-6 times.  Love the thin crust pizzas, had the lasagna which was perfect, with an edge last visit.  Ask for a deck of cards and play poker at the table.  Only downside is the service.  Not bad, just feels rushed, even when it's slow.    Certainly a fun spot, great for families with older kids, or family get togethers.
2 After DH's rave review of Brugo's lunch, I really wanted to like this place.    We had people in for the holidays and the two sets of adults decided to go to dinner and wanting something close to home, DH suggested Brugo's on the basis of the delicious lunch he had there a month ago.  The whole experience was odd.  First of all, the decor.  I guess in an earlier inception it was supposed to project a hip, urban look.  The current owners wanted to give it more of a "cheese-y Eye-talian" theme.  So they stuck red and green lightbulbs behind long, elegant dupioni silk wall sconces and laid the tables with red and white checked tablecloths.  DH liked it.  I thought it was kind of a bizarre mix.  What I didn't like: they do have this cool hanging mobile of glass bubbles (you can see it on their website) and as we walked by it, I could see a thick layer of dust on the bubbles.  I was really glad I wasn't the couple dining under it with all that crap sifting down on my food.  Ick.  The minutes you walk in the front door, you are greeted by blaring flatscreens above the bar.  It's a large restaurant, but only about three tables were seated, and it was the height of the dinner hour.  We got a nice booth by the window, but it was a dark and moonless night, so sadly none of the gorgeous view I knew was out there was visible.    Our server (the only one) was slightly frentic but attentive.  Our Dining Companions ordered a beer and a margarita and DH and I ordered wine.  I got the Hahn Pinot and he got the Raymond Cab.  These red wines were served chilled.  VERY chilled.  My wine was actually quite good, and I can only muse if it had been served at the appropriate 50-55 F and the flavor been allowed to bloom.  DH questioned questioned the server about the iciness of the wine and received a frown and a  "That's the way we serve it" tossed over his shoulder, although said server did return a few minutes later and offer to open a new bottle that apparently had not been refrigerated.  DH declined.  I am not a pizza eater and DH wanted to try an entree, but our DCs ordered the medium Big Combo pizza.  I had studied the menu online but looking at the specials, I saw that on (I think) Saturdays they had a sausage and pepper special, which sounded perfect on a chill night so I asked if it was possible to order that.  The server vanished and came back and said no, they had no sausages.  Fair enough.  The Thursday night special was Chicken Parmesan and also Eggplant, according to the website, so I ordered the eggplant.  The server said eggplant was not a special.  I said it said so on the website.  He said let me go check.  He came back a few minutes later and said they had no eggplant.  Okay.  So I ordered the Spaghetti and Pesto (I need to point out that the online menu is NOT up-to-date) and specified that I wanted the pasta slightly overcooked.  I do NOT like al dente pasta.  (Why do I want pasta sticking to my teeth?)  DH ordered the Chicken Parm.  Our meals arrived with 15-20 minutes.  DC's pizza was a smallish medium but it just had a "rid-hard" look.  It just looked sort of "dry-ish" and the crust looked very, very brown.  I asked DC's how it was, and they said: "okay."  (For $22.50 for a 12 inch pizza, I would have liked our out-of-town guests to be more enthusiastic!)  My spaghetti and pesto was cooked perfectly---just past al dente to a nice softness, but otherwise was bland and tasteless.  Thank goodness for the salt and pepper shakers or I wouldn't have known I was putting food in my mouth.  The accompanying slice of bread was toasted hard, cold, and unappetizing. DH was sad about his Chicken Parm.  He said it tasted (and it looked) as if it had plated earlier and then spent some time under the heat lamps.   He said the tomato gravy supposedly from an old family recipe tasted canned and the chicken was not moist or seasoned.    None of us finished our meals, although we packed up the leftovers because we had five teenagers waiting at home and they'll eat anything.  Overall, a disappointing experience.  DH said the memory of his lunch was such that he will try it again at noon and urges me to come with and see if I like their sandwich offerings better, but for sure we will probably not be back for dinner.  For the quality of the food and the bizarre ambiance, it was a very expensive and lackluster meal.    In defense, El Pedregal is a sad little plaza now that The Heard Museum has moved.  Most of the shops are empty and your footsteps echo weirdly in the silence.  The new owners of the center have made no effort to attract new tenants and I hear they really want to tear it down and build more condos for The Boulders.  Probably with the lack of traffic, Brugo's has to keep their food costs down by really tightly controlling their inventory, and I imagine the rent is pretty high, hence the high menu prices, but that's no excuse for bland, dried-up food.  I don't know if I would ever try again.
4 Hip little place, slightly pricey for a pizza joint though. Worth every penny though.   The calimari were perfectly breaded, not too chewy, not too soft. And the Cefalu pizza was delightful. You go, Brugo!
2 The first thing I noticed about this place was how badly torn up the chairs and booths were! The ones at our table looked like they were ripped apart by a werewolf. Secondly, our waiter was either not knowledgable or didn't care, it was hard to tell. At the end of our meal, I asked for my spaghetti to be boxed and he said ok but then proceeded to put a dirty plate on top of my food. He still boxed it but I won't be eating it now. The pizza is not bad, but nothing amazing. Everything was pretty mediocre. My experience left me no reason to return.
5 We went on a Friday and it was busy. Took us 10 minutes to get a waiter. It was worth the wait. My sausage and chicken lasagna and my wife's personal pizza were outstanding.  After the initial wait everything went smoothly.
5 Great ambience!! This place nailed it, fantastic service and absolutely delicious food!! Perfect place to end our vacation and the most recommended restaurant of the trip!  As a group we ordered a variety of items from the menu and everything exceeded expectations. On top of the fabulous food, the atmosphere was completely perfect with a creative mix of decors that magically work very well together!   You will have to come and see for yourself. The service will blow you away and make you feel right at home, complete with upbeat and relaxing music!  And don't leave without using the restroom!
5 I stumbled across this place on Yelp actually as it would be difficult to find without it. I was looking to kill some time, grab lunch and a few beers and then go golfing so I thought I would check it out.   I walked in the door around 1pm and the place was empty. At first, I wasn't sure what to make of that, but considering it was difficult to find and in Northern Scottsdale, I could certainly understand why there might not be anyone there on a weekday. Immediately upon walking in, I was greeted by the bartender named "Shannon - I think?" It's been about a month so I'm not entirely sure, but needless to say she was fantastic.   I ordered a beer and began to look through the menu. Shannon let me take my time (and since I'm the pickiest eater in the world, I sometimes take awhile to order) and answered every question I had with detail and enthusiasm.   Finally I decided to order 1/2 meat cravers and 1/2 southwestern BBQ chicken. I'm definitely a carnivore and I'm not much of a fan of veggies. So I typically go with pepperoni or all meat, but Shannon vouched for the BBQ chicken - hands down, one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten. Don't get me wrong, the meat craver pizza was fantastic, but I'm really glad I chose to branch out and try something new.   The service was fantastic. Food was excellent. They have a full bar and wonderful selection of beer. I can't imagine I'll be making another trip to N. Scottsdale anytime soon, but if I do I will definitely be coming back.
2 This is really average pizza.  The crust almost tasted like sauce and cheese on thick crackers.  The ingredients were fine but neither the cheese nor the sauce stood out as outstanding.  The atmosphere is lovely with new material, nice lighting and the red checkered tablecloths.  Our waitress was lovely but the pizza can be found anywhere.  As I have written elsewhere in my reviews for great, real, napoletana pizza go to Pomo or Andreolis (when they serve it) and, though not as good as Pomo, il Teatro in northern Scottsdale does a pretty good job.
