5 Great bar close to the Nellis Air Force Base. It's on East Craig Road just after the I-15 if you're heading south on Craig.  The food here is cheap and really good. My favorite is the fresh made potato chips and spinach dip!   They have graveyard specials under $5 as well and that are delicious!  On Saturdays, I like to come here for Karaoke. It's not fancy, its down home kinda bar. There's a couple pool tables and a couple video games, and slots around the bar. The drinks here are DIRT CHEAP!!  Summary: FOOD, DRINKS and if you love to sing, definitely a place to go and sing as many times as you like since it's not a crowded bar. This is the kind of bar, where a group of your friends can come and pretty much feel like you own the bar!
5 Great bar for happy hours. $1.00 drafts and $2.00 wells from 3-6. Also half priced appetizers. Thursdays are $20.00 matchplay!
4 I would have to say this is one of the best bars by the Air Force Base.  Good food drinks are well priced and it's a mellow environment.  I would really recommend this place.
3 Chips and salsa are amazing. Food is good. Fresh. Was disappointed to recieve fish tacos with fried fish in a restaurant of this caliber.
5 Another great night with Mitch and Ciara. Pulled pork sliders and tall bue moons.  Price is right and the food is  good and people are great.
1 Never been so disrespected in my life, I'm a repeat customer but I guess that doesn't mean anything because we don't tip? but last time I was there I didn't even receive my side of fries such a simple order but yet nothing, so why would I  tip? hell even confronted the bartender about it but she was very rude about it , I even had the receipt ! but I guess receipts dont count?  I've spent hundreds of dollars on their slots before , been going there for 3 years now, you guys say its dirt cheap but i guess my money was not good enough for the bartender, i wish i knew her name but i know its not Ciara she's awesome, i  dont have a problem with stone house i just have a problem with that new bartender .  GET IT TOGETHER
2 Ok, my review may not be the fairest, because this is where I wound up rather than my first through fourth choices - all of which had insane wait times. Still, my buddy pointed out the fact that there was a bar around the corner that had a decent steak special. Why not, I figured.   While the steak was decently seasoned and cooked and the fries were pretty good for French fries, the vegetables seemed to be the same California mix that I get from the freezer section. Down to the cut of each floret of cauliflower. Still, I've seen worse slapped down onto a plate in my days, so it could have been much, much worse.  The major detractor for me was the nachos. Wherever I go, when I order nachos, I expect generous portions on the toppings, fully (or at least mostly) melted cheese and plenty of pico, guac, and sour cream on top. Aside from a few black olives, jalapeños, and half melted cheese, the toppings were non existent. The pico (one little plastic cup, probably less than an actual scoop) and the sour cream were in cups to the side, and there was no guacamole to be found - they don't have it. Add this disaster to a plate of overly salty chips and you have a very disappointed guests.   Oh well, the waitress/bartender was really friendly and on her game, gaining this spot an extra star in lieu of a good meal.
