5 This is a great martial arts studio.  Master Bohreer is a fantastic teacher.  He is positive, kind, encouraging, and enthusiastic.  My daughter has been going for two years and would go every day if she could!  I cannot recommend this studio enough.  It is always clean and the classes run on time. Do not hesitate to try!  You will be hooked!
5 My two teenagers and I tried three other studios before finding Core Strength Martial Arts.  The atmosphere at this school is great.  The classes have variety, while focusing on progress in Taekwondo and self defense.  Masters Bohreer and Meyers are excellent martial artists and instructors.  The school welcomes kids, adults, and families, and provides a challenge at the appropriate level for all students, from beginners through advanced black belts.  As a second degree black belt, I highly recommend Core Strength Martial Arts.
5 There are not enough stars to properly rate how we feel about Core Strength Martial arts and the Bohreer family.  My son tried 2 other martial arts teachers, and only lasted a couple of weeks with each one before we decided that what we were looking for didn't exist.  Until we found Master Bohreer.  Parents actually stay to watch the classes because it is so entertaining to see the kids having so much fun.  He has created games to teach martial arts movements so it is enjoyable to learn.  My son has been going here for almost 3 years now and is just as motivated and excited to go as he was the day he started.   If fun were not enough, I cannot describe how grateful I am to Master Bohreer for teaching responsibility, integrity and respect.  And being the perfect example of each.
5 8/11/2013 Edit " My two teenagers and I tried three other studios before finding Core Strength Martial Arts.  The atmosphere at this school is great.  The classes have variety, while focusing on progress in Taekwondo and self defense.  Masters Bohreer and Meyers are excellent martial artists and instructors.  The school welcomes kids, adults, and families, and provides a challenge at the appropriate level for all students, from beginners through advanced black belts.  As a second degree black belt, I highly recommend Core Strength Martial Arts.
