5 Why did I wait to check this place out!?! THE TASTIEST veggie sub I've EVER had! My guy convinced me to come to this place for dinner tonight and boy am I glad I did!   First of all, the staff gives their customers a warm welcome when you walk in and is very helpful with any questions you may have about the menu. Their sandwiches come in 8 or 12 in. I got myself an eight inch veggie sub that comes with sautéed mushrooms and onions, three cheeses, lettuce, tomato, and more veggies of your choice. It came out toasted and very flavorful! The aroma itself made my mouth water.My bf got the Firehouse Hero-smoked turkey,virginia ham,roast beef, and provolone cheese. It came out nice,hot, and perfectly toasted! The verdict: "i love this sandwich..its so f***** good," says the guy. I spent 5 bucks on my food and 7 for him. And it was worth every penny and def worth another trip!   See ya later Subway....hellooo Firehouse!
4 As far as kid-friendly, chain restaurant, sandwich shops go, this place isn't bad. I'm actually a fan. The sammies aren't incredibly inventive but some of them are tasty. I like their beef brisket and cheddar sandwich, but the BBQ sauce they use is way too sweet.  They tend to be heavy-handed with the sauces on all their sandwiches, which is always a negative in my book. I tried the turkey bacon ranch the other day and it was drowning in mayo. Despite that, I'll still come back because my son likes their sandwiches. They get points for having a kid-sized menu plus he loves the plastic fireman hats they give out.
4 I noticed this place about two months ago when I saw their "opening soon" sign. I was in the area the other day and decided to try them out for lunch.   They have an interesting firefighter theme going on. I remember seeing a fire hose, firemen gear, and various pictures in the restaurant. The employees were very friendly and seemed to enjoy working there.  The menu consists mainly of hot subs and maybe 2 choices for cold subs. I decided to go with the medium Club on a Sub: smoked turkey breast, Virginia honey ham, bacon, and Monterey Jack Cheese. They asked if I wanted it "fully involved" which was mayo, mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, and a pickle on the side. I just asked for mustard and lettuce. Decided to make it a combo with chips and a drink as well. I paid $8.63, which is pretty expensive for a sub meal.   However, it was a very tasty meal and I enjoyed it! The ingredients that they used were very fresh and my sandwich was still nice and hot when I got home to eat.   Not that this is an issue to me, but unlike some of the other sandwich chains, you cannot see the employees making your food. You place your order with the cashier and wait until they call out your name. I waited about 5 minutes, although I did go in about 30 minutes after they opened.   Good sandwiches, but I won't be back very often because of the price. I went to their website and signed up for their newsletters and promos by email, so hopefully they will send out some good coupons!
5 Firehouse subs are the best sandwiches in Vegas!
4 Tried this place for the first time last week. Went with the turkey, bacon ranch on wheat, subbed provalone for the cheddar. Very tastey! Staff was friendly and the sandwich was served to me and my coworker rather quickly. Better than your average sandwich shop like Subway or Port of Subs.
4 I finally tried this place today for lunch, and sooo glad I did.  I got the turkey bacon ranch on wheat combo with lettuce and tomatoes...wow! A combo meal is ~$8, not bad. All of their sandwiches are toasted, and boy are they good!!  They also have an assortment of hot sauces that you can sample, and even little to go containers (perfect, since I took mine back to work).  Friendly customer service.
4 Near my crib, so i came and had dinner here. It was good. I had the steak and cheese sub with all the xtra toppings. Hands down I will be back.  Staff was friendly and cheerful.
5 Friendly, clean, fast, delicious!
3 3 1/2 stars   My mom was craving a sandwich so we decided to try something new. 4 of us dined here for $32. Not bad at all.   The staff was very friendly, welcoming and helpful. The restaurant is super cute. Lots of fun deco. You order at the counter and they bring it out to you.   Dad and I shared the turkey bacon ranch and the meatball. Both were great - turkey bacon ranch was the winner.  Zesty peppery ranch made it yum-o.  Two choices of bread, white or wheat.  Meatball was good too.  Nice flavor on the sauce, tender meatball, generous cheese.    All in all, a good sandwich, and a good lunch, served with a smile for a reasonable price.
4 Finally a new sub place. I've seen the signage on this storefront for what seems like years and always told myself, I bet that place will be good whenever it opens. And I'm here to tell you that this place is awesome. I've only been once but first impression is pretty good.   We tried the Italian, Smokehouse Cheddar Brisket, Club and the Hook and Ladder and each one was really good. Fresh toppings, great rolls, orders were filled correctly and done quick. Another cool thing is they have a nice selection of different hot sauces and I'll aim to try each one of them. Staff was friendly and I'll definitely be back for more.
4 The veggie is really good, but the service is VERY SLOW. Be aware of this when going on a lunch break.
5 I tried the meatball sub. I thought it was going to be messy but everything stayed in place and the meatballs were so juicy and I loved seeing it all steamy after waking a bite! there's also a good selection of hot sauces, sorted from mild to very very hot.  there's only one soda fountain machine thing but it's pretty awesome- it's touchscreen and has multiple flavors! I had no idea a vanilla sprite even existed! There's a firehouse signature drink- cherry limeade I think? It's too sweet for me in my opinion.  I didn't pay full price because I brought in a coupon, I only paid for my drink, but altogether it would have been a little over 6-7 bucks. It's located in a great plaza too!
5 There are a lot of sandwich places in Vegas, but this one is really something special.   The food here is absolutely amazing. I've tried the Steak and Cheese, Meatball, and Chicken Bacon Ranch and my goodness were they good in their own right.   But the other nice thing is the atmosphere the place has. You walk in, and it feels like a fireman could actually walk out any second. There's a huge mural and fireman gear littered on the walls -- all of which look pretty cool.   If all of that wasn't enticing enough, they have a really cool 100+ drink maker dispenser. The one that gives you almost every single flavor coke product you could ever want.   AHHH I WANT MORE. X3.
4 Their subs were super tasty! I loved all the different choices and the atmosphere was nice and calm. I need to come back!
3 Good place, just a little pricey but I'd go back from time to time.
4 Popped in to grab a few subs. I had the Hero and I can't remember the turkey sandwich the wifey had but both were excellent. Friendly service and good food but they could stand to speed up the time it takes to make the sandwiches. About 10 minutes to make 2 sandwiches so keep that in mind if you're in a hurry.
4 Great subs.  This is defiintely way better than Quizno's.  I ordered the New Yorker and got the Meatball sandwich for my husband.  My sandwich was good and it had a good amount of meat.  My husband said that the meatball sandwich was also good.  I've never seen a computerized soda machine before.  It's pretty cool because you can get a whole variety of sodas, once you figure out how to operate it.
5 GOODBYE SUBWAY! Hello firehouse subs (:   Came here the other day, based on a friends suggestion. Boy, was she right!  Coming here I didnt have many expectations except that she said they're delicious hot subs, but are  a bit pricey.  I will admit, stepping into the sub shop I was impressed with the firehouse deco. it was very modern, catchy and cute. My year old was impressed and wanted to run around. Um, i dont think so little one! There was fireman gear on the wall and floor. Huge murals on the wall that caught your eye instantly.  It took us a while to decide what we wanted. I was caught between the Turkey, Bacon Ranch sub and the Firehouse Hero sub. Both looked hearty in the picture and i was hoping I wasnt going to be disappointed. Like subway in their commercials theres tons of meat but in person you get only a slice or two. My husband knew he was going to get the beef brisket and cheese sub. Smoothered in bbq, it looked mouth watering. I didn't get it because I knew i could sneak in a bite from my hubs sandwich, hehe.   Finally at ten minutes I decided to get the turkey bacon ranch. Just the sandwich for 5.79 and added the chili which was another 2.89. Kind of expensive but i had to try the chili if I was going to write a review for YELP, right?   My daughter got a kids meal which was the grilled cheese, apples and oreo bites. (included drink) I thought that was kind of expensive but when it came I was surprise how big of a portion it was. Enough for an adult in all seriousness. Worth the money. She couldn't even eat it all. It was 5 something if I remember correctly.   Took a little long to get the food (10 mins) but i waited patiently..  When our food arrived, I was in awe. Worth the wait! The small sandwich was 8 inch. Not like. subway where its 6 inches and I'm left hungry. After eating my TBR, I was left satisfied and full.  There was an enormous amount of turkey on it. I don't know how they do it with food costs but i was impressed. I hate that subway gives you two slices and its wimpy. YUM! Chili was hearty. Lots of beans, onions, celery, tomatos and ground beef. Perfecto. I would def come back for the chili as well. Took a bite of my husbands bbq sandwich and it was very good as well. Not overwhelming bbq sauce and very cheesy. Another great amount of beef. He said he would def get it again.   We were a little bummed that the 120+ drink machine was out. (the carbone motor broke) But the manager was very nice and said we could have all the bottled soda we wanted. Next time I will absolutely try the machine. Having all those different flavors and options makes you feel like a kid in a candy store  Cant wait to come back! :))
4 Been here several times now, always good, always fresh. Can get crowded though during peak times
3 I tried this place for lunch after getting a massage. Being in a sandwich phase recently, I knew I wanted to like it more than I did. I'd probably almost give it 4 stars.  The staff was friendly and made my sandwich my way. I tried the Hook & Ladder on wheat bread, no mayo.  Price was pretty good, too, 8" sub for $6. They told me that's their most popular sandwich. Maybe I'll order a different sandwich next time. Generously portioned, I enjoyed it with a dab of their hot sauce. I did appreciate their rack of hot sauces they provided there, numbering each different bottle 1-10 on their level of hot spiciness. Different, don't really find that at sub sandwich places. But the taste of the sandwich still didn't wow me. It was just decent.  I'd go back to Firehouse, but at the moment, having an Italian Capriotti's excites me more.
4 Like real fire stations this chain of sandwich shops are popping up all over Las Vegas, so this afternoon after picking up a "friend" from a long working night and driving by one of them we decided to give it a try. It was lunch time so the place was really packed, so packed I'm not sure they were following the maximum capacity imposed by the real firehouse, but this place was really on fire!   The outside looked really plain, but when you walk inside it's really cool it looks like a real fire station lots of red, diamond steel, firemen memorabilia all over the walls and Dalmatian color tables which creates a fun atmosphere while you enjoy your sandwich.   Sandwiches were good, nothing special that sets them apart from all the other sandwich places except that you can pick your level of fire since they carry more than fifty kinds of hot sauces, chances are they have your favorite (sorry no Del Scorcho).  My friend was so impressed with the theme, she told me that she should get together a group of her colleagues and start a sandwich chain Just like the group of doctors that opened that other healthy sandwich shops and now this group of firemen opening this chain. I had to tell her and burst her bubble at the same time that maybe it wasn't a good idea  to use her type of profession as a theme for a sandwich shop, I mean.. what are you girls going to call it? Hooker's corner subs?   All in all firehouse is a good place to take your family and have a good time and good food. The new dial a soda machine is real cool! I just wish people would stop playing with it, Is not a toy! Is a soda machine and that's what all the people behind you want....a soda! Will I be back? Sure! I kinda like their sandwiches ..unless my friend opens her own place, then I would probably be eating hers.....but for now, any sandwich shop close to my friend's corner is good enough for me.
5 Love this place! Cant go wrong with any sandwich. Great Service!!!
4 This isn't the normal Firehouse Subs I go to, but I was in the area.  Service was fast--there was no one in the shop but me.  The tuna sub was as good as I get at the normal shop.    I am a fan.
4 Cheesesteak was great and their captains hot sauce is amazing
2 Ok so I finally decided to do this review after going here for the second time. Based on the 4 and 5 star reviews, I was thinking it should be good. NOT! I was thinking since it had some good reviews, my first experience must of been a fluke. After verifying it wasnt, im sorry to report that I am not impressed.  My first visit I ordered the philly cheesesteak. Should be good right? They didnt mess up. Its just the taste. The meat was dry. The peppers and onions were scarce. If it was not for the spicy barbeque sauce I drenched it with, I would have seriously asked for my money back. I thought maybe I was just having a bad day and that my taste buds were not working properly.   So comes my second visit. It was dinner time about 7 pm. I tried the smokehouse cheddar beef brisket. I had high hopes until I took my first bite. Again the meat was bland and I had to wash it down with their spicy barbeque sauce. I was beginning to wonder why their meat was so dry. When I went up to the counter for more spicy barbeque sauce, I think I found out why their meat was so moistureless. I noticed they store their cooked meat in warmers. Ok now that explains a lot. I figure first thing in the morning the meat should be fresh and flavorful. Thats when I realized my first visit was at lunch time around 11:30.   Service is good. I love their newer style soda machine. Its just the main product does not tickle my fancy even after giving them another chance. Maybe its just this location. Now if I just happen to try another location and its better, then I will definitely do an update. For now I will look into stocking up on their spicy barbeque sauce.
4 Was trying to decide between 3 and 4 stars for this review, but gave them the benefit of the doubt based on how much my wife loves this place. Their sandwiches are pretty tasty, and the soda machine is awesome, but their service always seems to take about twice as long as I'd expect for a sandwich.
5 Someone turned me on to this place recently and I tried it for the first time today. DELICIOUS! Great service and well worth the money. Not that it's expensive, not at all. Very reasonable. I will be hard-pressed to go to Subway again in the future knowing that this place is right up th street. Seriously, can't say enough about it!
4 My first experience with a firehouse sub wasn't so pleasant, so when this one popped up in the neighborhood, it took a while to go in and try it again.  What a surprise, it was actually good!  I got the Turkey Bacon Ranch.  It has smoked turkey breast, bacon, and sharp cheddar cheese with peppercorn ranch to finish it off.  The bread was fresh, the turkey was moist and tender, and the bacon crisp.  I was very happy with my sandwich.    Service is not bad, they make it when you order, serve it when it's ready, and you self serve your own drink, the place is clean and is more spread out than my first experience, so I didn't feel I was sitting someone else's lap.  With this experience, I will be glad to go back.
4 I love having the Italian sub here. So good. The soda machine is fun to use.  Here's something random: Check out the painting on the wall. Is the fireman holding a guitar??
4 Solid sub. Best sub out there for chain restaurants.
4 It's a good sub from a chain. Better than Subway, but what sub place isn't? However, not as good as Capriotti's or Earl of Sandwich.  The highlight of any visit to Firehouse Subs is the Coca-Cola Freestyle machine. I love this thing. I don't really need 120+ drink choices, but it's fun to try a few new flavors on each visit.
3 Surprise, surprise there is a Firehouse sub shop in Las Vegas! This is my first time coming here, but word on an eastcoaster's street is that it is a legit sub, so why not?  I shared a large "Engineer" with smoked turkey breast, melted swiss, sautéed mushrooms, and the regular stuff. Good, sure, but didn't fufill all it's reputation-glory. The soda fountain was cool. You choose your brand, then you choose your flavor.   What I liked was that I shared a large sandwich, but there were slight differences. I like onions and mustard, he does not. They easily accommodated so that both of our side of the wich was to our liking and choosing.
2 My friend went and picked us up subs for lunch one day after raving about how great these subs were. I decided to get a steak and cheese sub.. but was disappointed :(
4 To be honest, I wasn't expecting much with a chain sandwich shop, but the food was very good plus they have a cool soda machine.  Service was fine but nothing special.  Food: 5 Service: 4 Total: 4.5 Rounds Down
4 I seem to be fond of this place although for a sub it's a little pricier than regular but hey it floats my boat so I am good. Right when you walk in the staff welcomes you.. They aren't soggy like other places I have been too. Actually has a little bit of sweetness. Maybe it is because of the wheat.   If you go I would recommend that you try Hook and ladder or Smoke house beef and cheddar brisket Plus the pop machine is amazing you have lots of options for pop.
4 My friend ordered me the Veggie sub for lunch, knowing I'd never had them before. They are a little more than Subway, but you can taste the difference in the quality of the produce. Their bread is much better, very tasty and you can actually TASTE the tomato. The mushrooms were cooked perfectly, and the sauce was a great compliment. All for around 7$, plus a pickle slice! Yay pickles! I want to come back and try some other things now, and get my boyfriend to have one!
5 The food was awesome!!! My 1st time being here and I'll be definitely coming back for 2nds!!!
4 The food was great,cooked just how I wanted, staff was excellent and soda machine is a plus
1 This review is based on the service and not the food.  Normally when I walk in to every Firehouse Subs everyone yells "Welcome to Firehouse Subs!" but this time, I walked in and no one said anything. I honestly don't really care I just thought it was their tradition. The employees just looked at me and continued their conversations. One of them was on break and was just sitting there staring at me as I walked in and looked at the menu. When I ordered a medium meatball sub with no combo it came out to $10.69. I was a bit taken back but I paid anyways. As I sat down I looked at the menu & saw that a sub only was 5.79. I looked at my receipt and it said I ordered a kid's cheese quesadilla combo with dessert. Annoyed, I tried getting the cashier but she was long gone. I had to ask one of the other employees to fetch her for me and another worker came out. The girl came out and defensively snapped at him "I pushed that button. That's the meatball sub" and he said "You ordered the wrong one." She mumbled to me "sorry about that" in the most unmeaningful way. I got pretty annoyed because I was starving and just wanted food. The guy took so long punching all these things into the cashier and said "give me the penny you got back and I'll give you the $10.70" Honestly for messing up my order and overcharging me, I expected them to compensate me in some sort of way or at the very least sincerely apologize. So I had to get my money back and pay for the food again. I sat down waiting and the two workers were flirting right in front of me! Like honestly, I don't care what you have going on but just make my food. I'm the only customer here and you guys are just messing around, giggling, wrestling with their hands. I looked at the guy on break and he still was just watching us. They messed up my order, took their sweet, sweet time making it and when I took my food he said "don't hold it vertical." Okay.
5 Live their subs.  Make sure to tell them hot or cold.  They make it hot it seems, if you don't ask for cold.  Fresh and big portions. You may order a sandwich and take home half. Nice service too!
5 I work next door and sometimes I grab a little something for lunch.  Food is always fresh and nice.  Always super clean . The staff is friendly and pleasant. Great sandwiches.
5 The Italian Sub is great.  All subs come with a pickle.  Also, they give you the option to round up your change and donate to the public safety fund.  The locations also have the new Coke machines that are super awesome.  A medium sub + chips + a drink costs about $8.50 with tax depending on the sub you get.
4 Believe it or not, I may have had the best sandwich to date here in Vegas at this Firehouse. Just to be sure, I've gone back on three separate occasions! I decided to opt for the Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket combo which comes with a soda, choice bag of chips, and a sliced dill pickle.  First off, I absolutely adore the Coca-Cola machine in which you fill your cup. It is one of those electronic touch-screen ones you can find at places like Five Guys Burgers and Fries and Wing Stop, in which you can fully customize your soda with added flavors such as vanilla, orange, cherry, and much more.  With the sandwich, you are given the choice of white or wheat bread which is topped with deliciously moist and tender beef brisket which has been smoked for over 16 hours. Add cheddar cheese, mayo, and savory Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce and you have a sandwich fit for the gods. Be sure to eat it quick before you decide to take a look at the nutrition facts! This sandwich definitely packs a WALLOP in the caloric, fat, carb, and sodium departments!
1 I'm pregnant, and I was craving the meatball sub...so I come in here and I see two teenage boys. One was cleaning and the other was ready to take my order. Once I ordered my sandwich, I got my drink and went back to watch them make my sandwich. The one that took my order must've been new cause he didn't know how to make it. The other one that was cleaning, turns around and says...do you need something? I was like... -.- I'm watching you make my sandwich.... Ugh! It's 30 minutes before closing...I know how it is but dang...take pride in yourself and act courteous. I'm not sure if I'll be back...
