4 Doña Norma's a is a quaint little Nicaraguan restaurant located Downtown. Very reasonably priced considering the portion sizes, which are very generous. The staff was also very sweet and attentive. We were served by Doña Norma herself and she took good care of us. You can tell she really cares about keeping her clientele happy.   We tried the Guirilas which are sweet corn tortillas that come with crema and a soft fresh mild cheese called Cuajada. We also tried two other dishes the Huevos Rancheros, and the chicken Tacos Nicas. Everything was very authentic and flavorful. Being Nicaraguan myself I was happy to find this little spot so close to where I live. The warm and inviting atmosphere, excellent service and wide array of delicious meals are more than enough reason to keep me coming back. My one regret was that I ate so much there was no room for dessert so I am going to have to return soon to try out the Buñuelos. I look forward to returning to Doña Normas!
4 Food was fantastic but don't expect to order off the menu. Just ask for whatever they want to serve you. No soap in the bathroom, they said they were ordering a new soap dispenser... Most items were fried. The rice/beans mix was dry and bland. It feels like you're traveling in a third world country. First world prices. My new favorite spot!
5 Coming from a Nicaraguan family, I must say that this place is 100% aunthentic!!! The food is Fresh and good!! The prices are reasonable as well as the portions. The queso frito(fried cheese), gallo pinto(rice and beans), fritanga de res(seasoned beef), and tajadas(fried plantains)were on point!!!
5 Coming from a Nicaraguan family, I must say that this place is 100% aunthentic!!! The food is Fresh and good!! The prices are reasonable as well as the portions. The queso frito(fried cheese), gallo pinto(rice and beans), fritanga de res(seasoned beef), and tajadas(fried plantains)were on point!!!
5 MUYYYY Rico. Es tener un pedacito de Nic en Las Vegas.
4 I am Nicaraguen - like I lived there so I am very familiar to how the plates should taste. Dona Norma does a great job on cooking it right. They have friendly service and their prices are reasonable. I love the fritanga platter which brings beef (cabob style), gallopinto (rice and beans mixed together), fried cheese and fried bananas. If you are Nicaraguen and new to the Las Vegas area this is the place to go to. Trust me other "Nicaraguen" restaurants in town are horrible.
4 We read a review about this place as a small authentic Nicaraguan restaurant that has been in Las Vegas for years. I am so glad we tried this place. The owner/chef Norma was very kind and the food was EXCELLENT! The prices are great and the portions are even better. I could tell she had a following of faithful diners. Most of the people coming in or leaving knew her from previous visits. We will returning again. I love hidden gems! Especially trying a new food from somewhere far away. This is it!  MUST TRY:  Fritangas! We had a plate with Steak (grilled to perfection and seasoned REALLY good), Rice with Beans,crispy and sweet plantain and fried cheese. It was AMAZING!  We also had the "Chancho con Yuca" (pork with yuca) which was also very good and came with a really good cabbage salad that taste great with the pork. I probably would just get the Fritangas again because the Chancho was a HUGE for an appetizer and filling in itself. If you are looking for somewhere new and really down home cooking good, this is the place to try! Turns out we like Nicaraguan food and didn't even know it.  The only thing a little strange was the tv was playing a wedding (maybe a family member of her's or someone she knew) and the entertainment on the wedding video was the music/movie for the restaurant but it was odd watching someone's wedding on a bad quality tape. Food was awesome though.  CA$H ONLY HERE!!!
4 Came to LV with two friends that are Nicaraguan.  They loved the food and said it was very traditional.  Totally delicious and now we plan to come here every time we are in town.  The food is spiced delicately and is extremely tasty.  Not much to look at from the outside, but the quality and the taste of the food is stellar.  Very nice family who runs it - recommended highly.
5 stayed in vegas a few days and was sick of casino/hotel/restaurant food. yelped some Nicaraguan options and this place came up. doesn't look like much but it's some of the best nica food i have ever had.
4 Having never tried Nicaraguan food, I had to try this place.  This place also has Mexican and El Salvadoran food.  Perhaps this is a Nicaraguan thing, but there are no real sauces.  I ordered the pork kebabs that came with cooked plantains, plantain chips, cheesy bread, and rice and beans.  There was not much pork, but there was a rather significant portion of starches.  I guess if I were carb loading for a marathon I'd stop by here the day before.  They also served hot tortillas and bean dip as a free appetizer so more carbs for you.  The pork was a bit dry and flavorless.  The waiter offered some homemade onion salsa or something, but that didn't spark up the flavor.  There was no hot sauce.  This may be a Nicaraguan thing so I'm not going to criticize them for not hot sauce or tasty salsa or something.  Kind of reminds me of Filipino food, just bland.  Can't say I'm a fan of Nicaraguan food now, but I would say this place is clean and fresh and the staff extremely friendly.  I also liked watching the TV novellas on the big screen.  I wish Yelp had another star system.  I wouldn't say I'm a fan here, but I would say they do a good job at what they do.
3 Yelp Challenge 2013: 36 /100 (....more like 3.5 stars)   I am Nicaraguan and I was excited to take my boyfriend here. I couldn't wait for him to finally try authentic 'Nica' food. I had bookmarked this place a while ago.  When I saw the recent review in the Las Vegas Weekly Magazine, we decided to make our move.  The food here is authentic, delicious, affordable, and cooked with love. In fact, Dona Norma was in the kitchen preparing the meals. However, this place is an absolute hole-in-the-wall.  When you first pull up, you might be turned off by the location (read: not in the best area of town) or the eclectic décor (tables with plastic coverings). Don't let it steer you away. I repeat, don't let it steer you away. If you're looking to try something new, look past the exterior and give it shot.      Here is what I suggest you try:  ~ Cacao: Made with milk, cacao beans, cinnamon, sugar, and vanilla.   ~Fritanga Plate: This was my personal favorite. The plate included an assortment of carne asada (charbroiled beef), gallo pinto (rice and red beans seasoned with garlic), platanos maduros (sweet fried plantains), platanos fritos (plantain chips), traditional cabbage coleslaw, and queso frito (fried cheese that is traditionally salty and dry).  ~Nacatamale: Made with Masa de maiz (dough made of grinded corn and butter) , olives,  tomatoes, onions, potatoes, filled with pork and vegetables and steamed in a banana leaf.  The service was fairly good. There was only one guy waiting, busing, expediting, and running payment for orders. The restaurant was busy and the service was a bit slow. However, our waiter was very kind and he was really trying his best to attend to all the tables in a timely fashion. I really can't knock em' for trying their best. Come in with the mindset that this is run like a typical restaurant in Nicaragua.    It is also important to note that Spanish is the first language at this place. The waiter spoke English, but I'm pretty sure he was the only one working who did. For those who don't speak Spanish, their menu includes English descriptions and photos.   Overall, we really enjoyed our meal at Dona Norma. I am very happy to know that there is traditional Nicaraguan food available in Las Vegas. The place is not fancy, but sometimes you'll find some amazing food at places like this. We will be back.
4 After being spoiled by "La Mission" food in San Francisco whiles I lived there for a few years, I really didn't think Vegas could ever compete. In fact numerous people who have lived here said Latin comida is not as great as the food in Cali. But as far as Nica food goes this place is pretty good. I could only try the nacatamale and cacao but that's all I wanted for now. Plus I was on a date so I didn't want to pig out in front of him. Besides nacatamales aren't easy to make...according to my date you need good hands to make good nacatamales.  And these were delish. The service was a bit nonexistent but he did the basics so we were good. The restaurant is not in the best part of town and it almost looks like a house in a parking lot so be careful or you may pass it like I did. Prices were not bad either. ..I look forward to going back for more.
1 First off Half of the menu isn't available    The Mexican cashier was really annoying asking where my parents were from, where was I staying at, where was I from, when I asked him to call a cab for me, he told me that he could take me to my hotel, I got really annoyed and walked out.    Third the food was below average, the fried plantains were the only good thing out of the three things I ordered.
4 Okay, so I'm about 3 months pregnant at this time and whenever someone asks if I'm having any cravings I usually get sad because the food I want is all food made by my family back home. I usually yelp "Nicaraguan" and "Ecuadorian" once a month to see what comes about and this time Doña Norma came up! I was a bit skeptical at first due to the location...and even more worried when I walked in and saw how empty and bare it was. Moving along...I grabbed a menu and instantly my mouth watered reading all the plates they offered and wanted to order half the menu! I restrained myself( barely) and ordered the fritada de res, nacatamale, and cacao...here's where things got interesting. I went to pay and noticed my wedding band was no longer on my finger...I started freaking out and crying and ran outside to look around...the people inside the restaurant and the staff all came outside to help me look...I didn't find it...but that gesture was honestly amazing. I ended up asking for our food to go since I had lost my appetite and wasn't sure I would even enjoy my food at that point. Got home still a mess and my husband sat me down to eat...it may have been my hormones but that first bite almost made me cry!! The flavors!!! The marinade!! The meat melts in your mouth! I was instantly taken back home to my moms and Abuelas cooking!! Everything was amazing and I regretted not getting a second order for the following day...this place may not be appealing to outsiders but please...PLEASE!!! Take a chance and try some authentic Nica food!!! I plan on going back soon and trying more things... Thank you Dona Norma for bringing a little piece of my family to this city!!!
1 La comida es mala parece un lugar de mala muerte aparte tienen un mal servicio los banos apestan las cucarachas abundan muy sucio no voy nunca mas en mi vida
