5 Only a few words that can describe the experience that this restaurant has to offer: different, AMAZING, and great!    Third Place is not your typical restaurant and has been founded on a principal that everyone has Three places in their lives: home, work, and a comfortable place to hang out. Third Place offers a unique dining experience for the entire famly.  The food is traditionally American with a slight twist. The restaurant has only been open for a couple of weeks and we have already visited for two dinners and a Saturday lunch. With each visit, we have experienced different options from the menu. So far, we have had the Amazingly Embarassing Hot Dog (you'll have to see it for yourself to understand), to the grilled cheese with a sweet tomato bisque for dipping, to the 3rd Place burger, and my all time favorite- brisket tacos!  A little story behind the tacos is that this item is on the menu at my request! If you want to know the whole story, I suggest visiting yourself and ask for the Ugly Pool Guy Brisket Tacos and then ask for one of the owners to explain why you are ordering them like that! :)  My review of this restaurant will be something that will be developed over man posts and will include some of the more interesting facts of the restaurant as Well as my reviews of the different dishes tha are eaten with each visit!  A must for your family and be sure to take a look at the unique ways you will be supporting the community with each of the items you order!
5 Great experience.  Six of us went for a Saturday night dinner and it was everything it should have been and a little more.  We ordered some appetizers for the table and they came out very quickly.  They made us aware that they were there to take our order but they weren't pushy at all (we took longer than most to order I think we were talking too much).  The food came out quickly and everything was perfect.  Our drinks stayed full and our food kept coming as we ordered it.   You gotta try the 3rd place burger.  I think next time I'm going to try the humungous hot dog they have on the menu.  Great atmosphere and the staff were all incredible friendly.  Definitely going to make 3rd place grill a regular hang out for me and my family!
5 I'm not long winded so I'll just say....... GREAT FOOD, GREAT STAFF, GREAT LOCATION. I'm a fan!!!!
2 I respect what they are trying to do in this hybrid restaurant/church/social outreach organization.  But sometimes this church-going family just wants to go out and have some good food.    I actually felt a bit uncomfortable...between the explanations of what they are about, the fact that the wait staff is required to give up 10% of their tips, and the pastor coming over to greet us, I told my wife that this place reminded me of the Seinfeld episode with the carpet cleaners.    Food was average at best.  I had a hot dog and my wife had a hamburger.  I think their hearts are in the right place, just maybe not a good choice to mix food with a social religion experiment.
5 Just ate here for the first time and was really impressed!  The food was very well prepared and the quality excellent.  The price was extremely reasonable.  The food is uniquely prepared with a southwest flair.  The desserts were excellent as well.  Try the Texas sheet cake with gelato.  Will definitely be back maybe once a week.
5 My wife and I went in for the first time tonight. I have heard alot of good things about the place. It was all of that and more. Everyone that works there is happy and extremely friendly. That is a rarity these days. But then the food comes and it is outstanding. I had the Southwest Chicken Pasta and my wife had the Philly Cheesesteak with Queso. I honesly thought she might try to steal some of the queso to bring home. We probably should not have, but we decided to have dessert. I had the Texas Sheet cake and she had the "famous" Pineapple Upside Down cake. They were awesome as well. Great atmosphere, Great food, Great people serving you. They thought of everything. And we do not even have kids to experience the awesome concept for kids. We will definitely be back, and will bring people with us and recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxed place with great food and service.
5 First time eating there tonight........ By far out of all the places for good comfort food I just had the best Country fried chicken I have ever had! 5 stars easily. I am absolutely going back!
3 I found this place to be okay.    I ordered the Grilled Sonoran Chicken.  The chicken was a bit burnt, the pancakes tasted weird, and overall the dish was just sweeter than expected.  I do not recommend this dish at all!!  I enjoyed their appetizers menu.  My friend and I had their unlimited chips and salsa.    The only reason they're getting at least a 3 star is because of their service.  Our waitress was extremely nice and she was got us whatever we needed quite promptly.
5 Love this Place...we've been there several times and every time its been Delicious! Last time we went it was for a Fundraiser event for our friend's son from church which was ABSOLUTELY Amazing!   Highly Recommend~
5 I have been to 3rd Place twice now and have yet to be disappointed.  The service is always great, never waiting for refills and always a smiling face.  The food is fantastic and full of flavor.  Since everytime I have gone it has been with a large party I have had the chance to taste many different items off their menu. In the realm of their burgers the French Onion Burger, the Black and Bleu Burger, and my husband had the AZ Foot Long Hot Dog, since I don't like hotdogs I will take my husband word for it that it was great.  By far the black and Bleu Burger was my favorite the bread that they use was the perfect topping for this rich garlic and bleu cheese delight.  I too had the Grilled Sonoran Chicken and felt that the pancakes were a little off but enjoyed the flavor of the chicken and red chile sauce.  If I got it again I may ask for no pancakes.  I was able to taste the Texas Grilled Ribeye and felt that the seasoning was perfect for the steak, which by the way melted in my mouth.  Their signature Prickly Pear Glazed Pork Tenderloin was fantastic, I tried it even though I don't normally like pork in any form and found myself drooling over my mother-in-laws dish.   It is always a little annoying when they over season meat that really should be allowed to shine on its own but here the Filet Mignon was seasoned just right to show off the beautiful cut of meat.  My 11 year old daughter sat quietly not commenting on her meal as she ate the Southwestern Seared Salmon.  Once she had cleared her plate, which she rarely does at any restaurant, she started telling everyone how great her meal was.  I think she was afraid that if she said anything others would want to taste her meal too.  Now to desert.  The banana pudding was so rich and creamy that I had to take at least one bite, followed by benedryl stupid allergies.  The cute little cookies and milk dish was a huge hit.  But the sampler truly shined.  The sampler comes with a slice of their Carrot Cake, Tres Leches Cake, and Texas Sheet Cake.  I don't like carrot cake normally but tried it anyway and it was better than I remembered carrot cake, still not a fan.  The Tres Leches Cake was so rich and creamy that I was sad to see it leave the plate so quickly.  The Texas Sheet Cake showed how salt and chocolate should always stay great friends, I couldn't seem to get enough of this rich salty sweet delight. For those of you worried about the fact that it is a church on Sundays, and for all of the sinners out there that should beware, you may want to rethink and try this place again.  It is now football season and they do have hours on Sundays, though shortened.
1 Should be called last place. French fries tasted like they were cooked yesterday. The $9. hamburger was greasy. They had big screen tv with the Diamond Backs on but interrupted the game in the second inning to play trivial pursuit. Fourth game of playoffs, must win and they want to play trivial pursuit?
5 I'm so Sad...this place is no longer serving food, only having events held there....if you didn't get in before the stopped serving...YOU MISSED OUT! My prayers go out to all at the Grill, that God's hands are in it all!
3 It's just a coffee shop now.  No more food.
2 I think I found out why they call it "3rd Place"...because it is the third place you think of... cuz it is for sure not the first place(bad joke) I can not find a reason why I would come back to this place. It seems lik a pity clap at the best.   It fills a niche. It is a restaurant, bar, cafe?, day care, and....venue........anything else?  I will say one POSITIVE remark about 3rd place: The staff. Very veryy nice.  As for the food, "burger" and fries.... 6 dollars for college cafeteria food? I felt like it was my sophomore year again when I didn't know what good food was. The food...has a semblance of underlining taste which constant in all of its food. In other words, homogenous flavor.   If food was cheaper i could see paying for it....   Atmosphere, owned by CCofV, really? The body of Christ is venturing into the food industry...I have nothing against religion or spiritual choices. Under the guise of morality, it profits. Can not get mad about that i guess. You see it on the other spectrum with any place in Vegas or major downtown city.  anyway!!!!!!!!!!  I am sure I will be back again...but it will not by my own volition. I will update accordingly.  RL
