5 Best dim sum in Edinburgh. Very nice lunch experience. It's a bit far from where I live, but a few trips a month is worthwhile!
5 This is my parents local Chinese restaurant, and somewhere that I am often taken for dinner. Honestly, it beats a lot of Chinese take-aways in Suburbia hands down. The fact that they've taken dim-sum and jellyfish and managed to sell it to the people of Longstone says a lot! Try the stuffed aubergine in black bean sauce, it is tres yum.
5 Really amazing lovely delicious meal this evening. I will spread the word among family & friends to visit for a meal. Many thanks for a brilliant meal & excellent service. :-)  *****
5 Great traditional Chinese food! Beef chow main is awesome. Pork dim sum very good. Peking style pork was great too. A little out of the center of town if you are a tourist. But food is well worth it.
4 It was more luck than judgement that I ended up eating at the Imperial Palace yesterday evening.   Having not yet seen the latest Bond, Skyfall, I discovered that the only cinema still showing it (just) less than 45 mins drive was the Odeon in Wester Hailes (a first visit for me).   Arriving early for the showing, we had an hour to grab a bite to eat. Taking advice from a Juniper Green local, we arrived here.   If you've ever been to one of the excellent Chinese restaurants you often find above a large Chinese cash n' carry supermarket, the look and feel of this establishment is very similar.   There were a good few patrons in considering it was only 18:30 on a Wednesday evening and what with most people returning to work after the Christmas break the very next day.   As we were seated, I loved the fact that there were as many families of Oriental descendancy enjoying eating here as there were Caucasian as I've found that often to be a good indicator of quality when trying a new restaurant.   With time sadly limited, we ordered food to share. I had to keep the spice factor less than I normally go for as I was with my Mum, who prefers the mild end of the scale.   With that in mind, we ordered, Chicken Noodle Soup, Spare Ribs in BBQ sauce, Shredded Crispy Beef in Ginger & Spring Onion and some Soft Noodles (vermicelli style) along with a couple of Tsingtao Beers.   My Mum errs toward starters and the soup was for her with everything else shared.   The sauce for the ribs was gorgeous with a subtle sticky sweetness. The shredded beef was crispy (when so many places serve soggy). I felt there could be a little more emphasis on the ginger, although it was still lovely. The noodles were some of the best I've had. Not limp, nor too greasy & with the light taste of soy.   The amount of food presented was easily enough to satisfy two people.   Having decimated these good sized portions in record time, we found we had a brief moment to relax with a pot of Chinese Tea.   Service was exemplary, despite the hurried nature of our visit and the whole bill came to a very reasonable £28.   I suspect I will return under more relaxing circumstances & perhaps have some fun with the dim sum menu.
1 So Imperial Palace was a big fail for me. I wanted dim sum, but I forgot it is a primarily afternoon feast, rather than evening. So, we opted to stay, but go with the standard menu instead. The restaurant itself is large, had a few diners at the time we visited, but nothing too overwhelming. The waiter took our order, then we settled down.   We only reached the first course. I ordered vegetable spring rolls, the boy, spare ribs. Unfortunately, I got a mix of vegetable and duck spring rolls, which made me rather unhappy.   More awkwardly, after alerting the waiter, he kindly cleared my plate, and then the SR and I decided that we would dine elsewhere that evening. Unfortunately, the waiter misheard, and still started to prepare the SR's dinner. Umm... oops.   Never mind, after a second effort to clarify the situation (that we wanted to leave), we paid for our drinks and left. One star for the apologies the waiter made (which were plenty), but I won't be back.
3 this place is good!! pretty high quality chinese food!! and cool tables with a bit in the middle that spins around!!! the only bad thing was that it was so busy that we had to wait ages to order and ages for our good but the food was great and they were friendly!
4 This somewhat out of the way restaurant is well worth at least one weekend afternoon visit, even if you're on bus from town. I see there has been some disappointment registered regarding the evening. I can't comment as I've only done the afternoon - several times. But I would, I will, go again. Booking at the weekend is advised.  Imperial Palace is definitely one of the best Dim Sum places in Edinburgh. It's best experienced in as large a group (of dedicated Dim Sum fans ;-) as you can muster.  While a point is lost for occasional stodginess - it's a large, busy place with a penchant for steaming! - you can go all out here with your sweet and savoury baus, lemon tarts, siu mai, har gau, chicken's feet (if you dare), and great duck and char siu - the works.  Matthew's Chinese supermarket, beside, is also fantastic.   If you consider yourself a fan of Chinese food, this is an Edinburgh MUST. Even if you end up thinking it's not worth the journey (30-40 minutes on bus from town), you've got to go and try it. Go fill your bags with Chinese groceries and reward the work with a Dim Sum feast.
4 "Fantastic Dim Sum"  Reviewed 9 March 2014 via mobile  We went for dim sum today (Sunday) and it didn't disappoint! It was hoachin' with Chinese and Scots having family time, creating a fantastic atmosphere. we opted for a selection of 6 dim sum (between 2), washed down with Chinese tea. All great value at £3.50 to £4 each. And I'm telling you I'm stuffed!!! We have dim sum a couple of times a month and it competes with the best in Glasgow, Manchester, London and will give you a feel for authentic Hong Kong Dim Sum. The service wasn't too shabby either with polite prompt service even though they were extremely busy.  We'll be back through from Glasgow soon :)  Visited March 2014 4 of 5 stars Value 5 of 5 stars Atmosphere 4 of 5 stars Service 4 of 5 stars Food
3 I'll be honest, it wasn't the best place I've ever been! I found the decor inside and out a bit garish, the food a bit bland and the staff a bit miserable, the highlight of my experience was the huge fish in the fish tank!  I don't think I'll be returning any time soon, Sorry for the negative comment but it was a big disappointment for me.
