2 Sicili's Pizza is a ghetto pizzeria on E Twain just @offthestrip. But what the hell.they deliver!  If you went in person you'd probably turn around or drive by because it is GHETTO!  CHEAP EATS-wings,fingers and pizza.  Pizza is a little undercooked for my taste and the wings a little skimpy!! FINGERS were big and good but 2/3 #fail!
4 Las Vegas is highly influenced by Italian culture. In the "mob days" it wasn't uncommon for Italian culture to thrive in the town. The mobsters, many of Italian descent would have families that lived here. The family would set up shop and run a legitimate business in town. Sometimes even mobster's themselves would put up legitimate business as a means to launder money procured in not-so-legal sorts of ways.  Silici's Pizza on Twain claims to have been in business since 1979. That's over 30 years. And while this establishment may or may not have been related with any of the nefarious history of Vegas, I can tell you that this place is ran by the same people who started it many years ago. The owner, a man well into his 70s and his son can often be seen in the place. This place does NO advertising aside from a flier that they rarely ever hand out at random. You have to actually go there to get a menu/flier. It's this kind of charm that really gives this place much appeal.   But charm alone does not make a good place to eat. Sicili's has to have the best pizza that I have ever eaten. This claim alone speaks bundles since I love pizza and am very picky about it. I resist the cardboard pizza chains (that's you - Domino's, Papa John's, and Little Caesar's) whenever I can. So when I find a solid authentic Italian pizza place, I have to go for it.  Sicili's doesn't skimp on the quality. It's truly as authentic as you can get. The sauce is sweet and tangy and the dough is robust with a flavor all it's own. Their unique blend of cheeses is a secret and the pinnacle of the toppings. Everything from this point is secondary. It's excellent in freshness and quality, but hard to outdo the core of what makes a good pizza splendid.   This business is strictly carry-out and delivery only. Don't expect to be able to sit down and eat. But then again, that's not what this place is about. The prices are moderate to the higher end. But keep in mind the quality you're getting. If it's a $10 cardboard pizza you want... there's places for that. If you want a quality pie, come to Sicili's and pay the little bit extra.  My $.02 Cents: 4 Stars - Would have rendered a perfect score if the prices were a bit lower. But you do get your money's worth. Good for a treat if you want some genuine Italian style pizza at home. My suggestion - hit up their lunch/dinner specials for the best value.
5 My new favorite  neighborhood pizza place (not including gourmet pizza places like Settebello and Ferraro's)....and I take pizza very seriously.  The toppings are noticeably fresh and flavorful, but it's the pizza dough that's truly remarkable. It's soft and chewy, but not thick, and it has a subtle flavor other than just "doughy". I think they put some kind of addictive drug into it, it's that good.  But be forewarned, Sicili is in a strip mall on Twain that's kinda uninviting, although I've never felt in danger there...it's just a little run-down. It reminds me of how I feel when I go to Luv-it Frozen Custard. I can't believe I'm standing where I am, but I'm glad I am nevertheless.  This place is infinitely better than any of the chains, and a little better than most of the sole-proprietor joints like Villa or Napoli or Albos or Broadway or Whassup. Way better than Big Mamma and Papas! (Jesus, I just read the last paragraph: I think I eat too much pizza!)
4 Seriously in the top 20% of pizza places I have been to in Las Vegas in the 10+ years I've lived here. The previous 2 reviewers nailed it, so I'll keep my review somewhat short. Nothing fancy with the interior, there are indeed 3 tables inside to eat there if you wish, but clearly more of a carry out joint. In a town where so many pizza places taste similar, Sicili's is a real stand out. A must try for the true pizza enthusiast. I have to say I was a little set back when I first walked in. I went to the counter, and the 1st words out of the guy's mouth was "Wadda ya want" I thought I mis-heard him and said "Pardon?".  Again, he goes "Wadda ya want" So with that, I just had to kind of smiled to myself and figured that's how they roll there. BTW, 50 cent upcharge if you use a debit card. I would have never, in a million years, thought to have stopped in here, but thanks to a yelp talk thread, I found out about this place, and I'm so glad I did.
5 Looks like yelpers are catching on to Sicili. This is the best pizza at the best price.  Forget Metro, forget Napoli, forget Big Mamma and Big Papas, forget Joey's, forget Rocco's, forget Pop-Up, forget Familia.... And stop overpaying for average pizza at Grimaldis, or Due Forni, or Dom DeMarco.  Sicili is the real deal in a world of fake advertising.  Don't believe the nonsense.  Find the truth.....it lives in a shabby strip mall on Twain, east of Paradise. (The truth often lives where you least expect it!)
2 My first choice didn't offer delivery so I went with sicili's because it had good reviews. I ordered online with a 20% discount, this made me happy. I ordered a large thin crust pizza with peperoni and Jalapeños. After 2 hours I decided to call them to check on my order. The first number I called listed on Yelp didn't work, the number listed on there website worked. The attendent seemed very confused and seemed to have no clue regarding my order. After a long hold time, and being disconnected they told me I didn't put an order in, which I quickly refuted as my CC was charged and a confirmation was given from there website. After a few more minutes on hold my order magically appeared. She let me know that the order was on its way. After another 30 minutes there was a knock at the door. The delivery guy was very nice but the order was wrong. The pizza was not thin crust and it seemed that they took a cheese pizza that had been out all night, added toppings and sent it out. The jalapeño poppers and the pizza were also VERY cold, making my first experience very bad with Sicili's. I am disappointed that they didn't even offer an apology for the long wait and then delivered below par cold food. I am not very picky and not much of a complainer but I was very disappointed.
4 i would agree with most of you's its probably the best delivery in the area. i did not eat my pizza fresh :( i order a pizzer and wing wing special, i ate my wings and fries first and then saved the pizzer for dinner. it was still very good.
4 Based on recent reviews, I gave Sicili's a try - and was pleased.  I had $5 lunch special - 1 personal pizza, which includes 1 topping and 1 drink.  When I mentioned to fellow who makes the pizza that he didn't sound Sicilian, he joked I should try the pizza first, which I did:  thin crust, chewy cheese with mushrooms that was just right.  Yuri (right, Russian) and his family have been owners for about 5 years.   He learned his craft well.   (I asked Yuri about Russia and  Putin, but  Yuri probably thought this wouldn't be good for business.  I'll ask again.)  The reason they don't keep slices ready is because most of their business is either pickup ( or delivery) and he'd rather cook it fresh, not reheated.   But the pizza I ordered really was ready quickly, ~5 minutes.  Sicili's is small, simple, storefront, in a strip mall and probably most of their business are locals who order and then  pickup (or delivery to hotels, I image).   There are 3 small tables, so I had no problem eating-in.   [Actually, I  took the CX bus, which runs between downtown and UNLV, and then walked ~10 minutes to Sicili's.   But I admit the location is 'close' but not the Strip, not UNLV, not downtown.   It is a 2-3  minutes walk east of Hughes Corporate Center, which itself  is just east of the Wynn and the Strip, and I could see the monorail (closest stop?)    ]  On the walk back to the CX bus,  I had the nagging feeling I should have ordered a second one,  to go.    Next time.  For those who care, I checked here too (http://www.cchd.org/restaurants/inspections.php)  all As.
4 The first bite is awesome. The crust is fluffy and doughy. It dwindles down pretty quickly, but I would say the first bite really made me a fan. I really enjoyed this pizza thoroughly. The wife was making it in the back, and the owner in the front was frying chicken wings. I know it's definitely a locals joint because I saw many people come in their pajamas in the evening. Boris is the owner and his european car is parked right outside. He is always on the phone taking orders in Russian or possibly spying and speaking code. Who really knows? I only know that for good pizza, I now have another clue about where to go.
5 Garlic butter pizza. Love it! Tasty pizzas  and great costumer service.   I fall in love with yury,  so I will have to ho back soon!!
2 Doesn't bother me that they are in the middle of crack alley, they deliver to my work (which is less than 2 miles from here) so I was willing to give them a try. We ordered a large pie and chicken wings. Delivery took awhile and the pizza was less than desirable. Crust was greasy and soggy. Ingredients were clearly from the Sysco wholesaler. The wings were hilarious. I took a picture of one. It's smaller than a ketchup packet. There wasn't any meat on them! I didn't think this place was that cheap like others had mentioned. Sorry Joseph A, you don't know good pizza.
5 Probably the best pizza in town.  Me and 4 of my employees order their $5 personal pizzas from here almost every Wednesday for our Pizza Wednesday.  The $5 for the personal pizza is a steal. It's 8 small slices that are just enough. The pizza is REALLY good.  I would definitely recommend this place.
4 "Don't judge the book by its cover".   A simple, hole in the wall kind of place. Where the pizza is always made from scratch from their dough all the way to their sauces.   I was never been a fan of Hawaiian Pizza, but I was given a slice to try. Loved the ham in it. It was not the typical salty ham you get from the other pizza place.    The chicken wings, it just need a little super sizing to do.  Aside from that it's crispy and tasty.  Customer service is right on, you get taken care of fast. Order a pizza! you get it in 10 minutes tops and that's to go or eat in. Atleast thats my experience. Went there twice already and still planning on coming back.   Met the owner Yuri, such a nice young gentleman. Talks to you and makes you feel right at home. Hey! we even got a couple of free sodas for first time customers. Now where can you find service like that.
5 Seriously my favorite pizza in all of Las Vegas!! I've been going to Sicilis for about 4 years now, and have always been greeted with a smile, great customer service and THE BEST FOOD!!!   Uri who by this time has become a regular face to me considering I've tried everything on the menu will do everything in his power to make sure that your dining experience is superb. Wether you have a massive 28" pizza delivered, you pick up an order of hot wings or you try my favorite the white pizza you will not be let down. Calzone,white  pizza and lasagne are my definite top picks!
5 I really enjoyed this place and the customer service. The smell was amazing, pizza was very good and the service was impeccable. The gentleman at the register even shakes my hand thanking me for the business! Amazing!!! I will be back even if it means driving a bit to get here!
5 Flew into Vegas last weekend and didn't get into my hotel room until late. I was famished and not wanting to walk around searching for food at 11pm, so I searched online and found Sicili's. I ordered online, got a call shortly after, met the delivery guy in my hotel lobby, and was eating delicious food before I knew it! Got the pizza with garlic butter, tomatoes, red onions, chicken, and white sauce along with a ceasar's salad. Everything was really good, even as leftovers the next day!!
5 This place is a hidden gem! Im a huge pizza fanatic and this joint is a must try in Sin City! Its been around longer than Ive been alive and is still consistently pleasing customers. Checked previous reviews and decided to give them a shot. The philly is the best Ive had in my life! The small business family customer service was pleasant and on point. Will definitely be reccomending to my friends...
5 Don't be fooled by the lack of reviews, the pizza here is well made, and matches up or exceeds the major pizza franchises. My buddies and I felt like having a lazy day at the hotel room in Vegas, and wanted to get some simple delivery. Who knew it would be so difficult to find establishments willing to deliver directly to the room! The fact that this spot delivers straight to your room is a major plus and very convenient. We got the Sicily supreme pizza, plenty of toppings, and the food was still warm. Definitely appreciated the friendly service over the phone as well.  For those lazy afternoons in after a rough Saturday night in Vegas, I recommend checking this joint out.
5 Great pizza, great price, and great service! This is a cute little pizza joint right next to an affordable laundromat. The pizza came out quick and was delicious. Everyone there was super nice which made the experience that much better. Would definitely go back!!!
5 Excellent customer service, convenient location (just few blocks off Las Vegas Blvd) and the food flavor was great. I ordered a family meal for 4 and it was plenty to feed 5-6. Thumbs up to this place!
5 Our company has "Pizza Wednesday" and we ALWAYS order from here. If you're looking for a pizza with the right flavor and right size for lunch, give this place a shot. $5 dollars for a pepperoni pizza... and $1 for each additional topping. Can't beat that.
5 Great pizza and service!!! I had the Hawaiian and it was the best I've had in a while and  the sauce was delicious.i absolutely love this place and their lunch specials :)
5 Awesome pizza and great people! We were in town for a convention and after reading yelp decided to give them a try and so glad we did!  Nice to know its a family owned and run business , much rather give my money to those that need it not some big chain pizza joint!
5 Top Notch. Unique pizza sauce is fantastic. My favorite pizza in town which is half the price of my 2nd favorite: Grimaldi's. Super good value offered from a Father and Son run shop. I play poker most nights down the street at the Wynn and order the flatbread from Allegro from time to time. Cost is $18 for a lesser product in my opinion. The same comparable quantity would be $7-$9 at Sicili's.  I enjoy when I can spend my money with a local small business. A business that appreciates its customers and gains future business thru word of mouth. Don't be shy..Go try it and you will not be disappointed !
5 We are down from Seattle and have only had pizza delivery from Sicili"s once.  We ordered a pizza and chicken Caesar salad.  Both items were outstanding.  On our next trip we will use this restaurant again.  Their phone # is 702-792-2929.
3 This place is in a pretty sketchy area, but it was open Christmas night while we were in Vegas, so we went for it. We went to pick it up and the people there were really friendly. We had to wait a little while, but for fresh cooked pizza to order, I'm fine with that. We had the special with meat and veggies and it was good. The price was reasonable too.
4 The customer service was great!!! The value was good I got the family meal small lasagne wich was a good size portion it was seasoned well very tasty.   Unfortunately was a little smashed cuz the salad was pace on top.   I got a small spaghetti also good portion.   The aside was good but had a TON of garlic I like garlic but prolly too much for the average person.   It also included garlic bread very good ... And a Greek salad I asked for the dressing on the side they forgot .  And a small pizza wich was also good!!!
5 I am such a Pizza foodie; and travel to Italy every year; since I've been a kid. I moved to Vegas in August 2013; and searched for an even decent pizza place for months on end; always resulting in just mediocre places that left me unsatisfied. One night while searching on Yelp for pizza places that would deliver to the Strip (as we local's know; not many places do); I came across several great reviews for Sicili's. I figured "why not"........So I ordered a Large Pepperoni, an order of Wings (Hot) without the Fries (which are steak fries, by the way-yum), a 2ltr of Soda and an order of Cheesey Garlic Bread. For $23? A STEAL! To include in the already great deal I had gotten; they provided me with Free delivery. The pizza itself mocks itself identically as true Sicilian Pizza; for those of you who don't know, is the American Version of NY Style pizza---Simply Delicious! The bread was soft, and provided a sweet taste to it; but the ingredients itself made this pie simply one of the best pizza's I have ever tasted. "I was hooked"..........The ranch that comes with the wings, is churned and made fresh; and tastes unlike any ranch I have ever had. I began ordering in January; and with truth; I have ordered from Sicili's 2-3 times a week every since; and it still continues to be if not my favorite place to grab a great meal from. Dont be confused as there is another similar place with the same name; however spelled only different by a few letters. Sicily's Pizza------DO NOT EAT THERE. I made the grave mistake of ordering from them, thinking it was Sicili's and boy was I wrong! Anyways; you cannot go wrong ordering from here; I vow by it! The family themselves are so pleasant and so warm; I always feel like I'm walking into my Mom's kitchen when I stop by to make an order. "Ten Thumbs Up"
5 Absolutely the best pizza in Las Vegas. Great friendly staff and they also deliver.
5 Delicious!  Amazing pizza.  Loved the dough!  Super quick delivery.
5 This might be the best fast pizza I've had outside of NYC. They even deliver to the strip right to the hotel rooms so that was awesome. It only took about an hour and with the madness of EDC that weekend, I thought it was pretty quick. We got a large supreme and man did it have that awesome flavor that I've missed from NYC. It was a little soggy towards the middle of the pie, but I forgave it for the amazing flavor. I will definitely be ordering here again when I'm in Vegas. Be sure to search for Sicili's & not Sicily's as I saw both nearby.
5 Outstanding! Placed an order for pick up and arrived a few minutes early. Chatted with the Russian dude who was cooking our pizza. Very friendly, polite and made me feel really welcome.  Delicious pizza, the sauce was fantastic, super friendly employees and great prices! This is definitely one of my favorite pizza joints in Vegas!
4 Ran out to grab a pizza, the morning after a late night of partying.  Called in my order, and it was ready shortly after I arrived (I was nearby in the car.)  Large cheese pizza and 2 drinks was under $11.  The pizza was crispy and tasted great, and the service was good.  I love finding these places just off the strip - can't recommend it any higher!
