5 What a great company. Not only were they fast, they made sure that we were happy with the products and their labor. We paid what was quoted and they were done when they promised. The owners were on site to ensure our happiness. Our back yard is wonderful and our front yard is awesome. The landscape make the house look brand new. They also used products from America to help make our country strong and ensure the quality of the artificial grass! The crew was outstanding and courteous to me and my family. Our neighbors cannot believe the difference in our yard in only two days. Showready Landscape is the best contractor that we have ever dealt with in our 20 years here in Las Vegas. We cannot say enough great things about them.
5 They did a FANTASTIC job!  Let's start from the beginning...Ed showed up on time for the quote. He measured everything and then showed the hubby and I all the types of grass he offers. He was not pushy at all or up selling the more expensive grass. He let us take our time to make our choice.   So after 3 quotes Ed offered the best price and we were ready to set a date.  The day of, Ed and team showed up on time and got to work right away. Hubby asked questions as always (lol) and left for work knowing everything would be completed to his liking. He was right!!!! The front and back yard came out breath taking and looks amazing. It looks so real!!! All his employees were very professional and cleaned up everything as if nothing had been completed. All that was left was a beautiful landscaped yard.   I highly recommended this company to anyone. The work is amazing and they were friendly and great to work with. Anymore yard work I need (ideas already swirling in my head) I will not hesitate to call them.  BTW...they don't just do fake grass, they do all kinds of landscaping (walkways, fire pits, waterfalls, etc).
5 By pure luck my Mom found Ed on craigslist and had him come do a quote on my front yard.  I hadn't planned to do the landscaping but you know Mom, she puts a bug in your ear and before long all of a sudden you realize you're full steam ahead and having it done.  So I had a couple other companies quote it and Ed's quote for Showready Landscape was by far the cheapest.  A little worried about getting what I paid for I still went forward with it hoping for the best.  I left for work yesterday morning with a front yard that was mostly dirt with a nice healthy mix of crab grass and weeds.  Came home to a place that looked too good to believe!  I honestly don't know how they did what they did in a single day and for the price I paid!  There was no pressure before hand and they delivered beyond what I expected!  I had a patch of artificial grass done and rock spread along with a side parking area that they smoothed out and covered in a packed material.  I'm absolutely stoked on the outcome and already had one neighbor give me a thumbs up driving by and another yell that it looked amazing!  Once my dog gets a little older and less puppy digging like I will absolutely be talking to them about ideas for my backyard!  Hmmmmm, maybe next years tax return since this year's was spent on the front!
5 Ed, Patricio, and the rest of the crew did a fantastic job. We love our new backyard!
5 Outstanding from the first visit to the end product, had pavers installed, sprinkler system, sitting wall, and plants installed.  Gorgeous and functional, would definitely use them and refer them to anyone who needs landscape work. Ed and crew professional and courteous.  Great work, Love my new backyard.
5 Ed and his team did a great job. The price was fair and the quality of work was excellent.  Transformed my dirt backyard to a beautiful simple landscaped desert oasis.  I would highly recommend showready landscape to anyone.
5 We had been talking about having our backyard done for awhile but I am completely indecisive and somehow met & married a man who's even more indecisive than I am. So, we got a couple estimates but still had no real idea what we wanted. We knew exactly what we didn't want...little to no maintenance, nothing that shed a million leaves, berries or flowers. No mowing since the hubby is allergic to everything and we gave away our lawn mower when we sold our last grass filled yard with the promise to never have grass again! We had been procrastinating for years. And probably would have continued to do so but, along came puppy. And puppy needed a backyard. Our backyard already had a good sized slab of concrete but surrounding it was tons of weeds from fabled DIY attempts. We had planted stuff over the years but it just turned to crab grass and weeds. And puppy was chewing everything. A quick google search told me the things puppy was chewing on were toxic. So, they had to go. I called Show Ready, told Ed what we had in mind. Which was so basic. Artificial grass & rocks along both narrow sides of the house. No trees. No plants. No bushes or shrubs. Absolutely basic. Puppy needed room to run and since our backyard is your typical small & boxy Vegas backyard, we couldn't clutter it all up with trees & bushes. And we needed it quick. I called Ed on a Saturday and our backyard was done on Monday. Seriously. And it's perfect for us & puppy. It looks great. Ed suggested some boulders along the back wall and they are awesome. Because the backyard is concrete, grass (artificial) & rocks, the boulders really add a nice touch. We couldn't be happier with our yard and the work Ed & his crew did. I would not hesitate to call them again.
5 Highly recommended company.  Ed and his crew were knowledgeable and work fast.  We love Ed's landscaping designs and reasonable price.  Great communication throughout the construction time.
5 Highly recommended company.  Ed and his crew were so efficient and friendly.  We love his designs and his price was very reasonable.  This company turn my dirt backyard into a place I would enjoy daily.
5 I would highly recommend Ed and his crew if you want it done RIGHT the first time. My grass was dead, my Palm tree was a mess, and Ed worke his magic giving me exactly what I was looking for at a reasonable price.
1 Ed is a nice guy, but watch out. He bids low and then raises the price. We had a signed contract which stated the price and he tried to raise the price. We had them lay pavers on the entire back yard and they were not laid even. They left 2 big holes about 2 feet under the ground for the water to drain which should have been only a few inches from the ground. We had to hire another landscaper after them to finish all there mistakes.
4 Ed and his crew did a really good job on our backyard. We would definitely use for further projects! I called at least 8-10 companies and got about 6 bids for the project we were looking to do and Ed was the most consistent in answering/returning phone calls, giving a fair price and timely. The end result is something we have been enjoying daily.
