5 Blair is dedicated to helping you buyers and sellers in this challenging market.  He was very attentive and willing to do whatever it took to find us our dream house.  I highly recommend him to anyone looking to buy or sell their next house.
5 Blair and his team were very helpful, professional, and caring in helping complete the Short Sale of my property.  I would recommend him for all Real Estate transactions.
5 Blair was extremely knowledgeable and helpful during my recent search for a house.  He was extremely prompt in returning phone calls and emails.  He gladly showed my wife and I as many houses as we wanted and took us back to review previously viewed properties.  He is extremely knowledgeable of the Phoenix market and can provide great insight into housing trends.  He recommended a neighborhood that neither my wife nor I knew about and we ended up buying our house there.  I would recommend him to any friends or family.
5 Hi. My name is Tim Ingersoll. Let me start off saying ..I NEVER post reviews. Im lazy. But I must tell you, if your buying real estate in the Phoenix area..you MUST use Blair!!  Honestly,I took a chance and found his listings on a website. He did not know me either. However, I flew from LA Cal, to look for an investment property. I bought a fixer in Gilbert in August 2011. I bought it for 110K..BUT Blair said "heck no" its got issues. Even AFTER the deal was inked..Blair got it down to 100K...I saved 10K...I never thought of even asking for. He is smart, funny, articulate, and he always has your back!!!  Do yourself a huge favor...Use Blair. PS. That house I bought , is now worth over $150K...AMAZING profit. Also, I am looking for more homes with Blair and 2 of my friends. You NEED to have Blair on your side. Thanks, Tim
1 Called me out of the blue to harass me about a house I no longer own.  I ask "where did you get this incorrect information, and how did you get my number?" He hangs up while I'm in mid-sentence, and won't answer when I call him immediately back.    VERY shady, very suspicious.  Would definitely not trust this person or his business.
5 I cant express enough satisfaction I had dealing with Blair. Being an out of town investor, Blair took his time, and did not rush me locating a great rental property. When we couldnt find my dream investment the 1st time out. Blair went out, and took a bunch of videos for me to review. Well, I found the perfect rental home AND Blair also got the price knocked down, an additional 10%. I did not expect that. And obviously was VERY happy and impressed! I will recommend Blair, to all my friends, And will buy another home from him. Do yourself a favor an work with Blair, It'll be your best decision ever! Tim Ingersoll
5 Blair helped us sell our house quickly when we needed to get the sale done as soon as possible.  He helped helped educate the other side of the deal professionally and not as some arrogant know it all since the Realtor and buyer on the other side were new to the buying experience.  He communicated well with us, kept us apprised of the progress and helped guide us through the sale very quickly.  Blair excells at negotiating.  I would recommend Blair to anyone needing a Realtor or Real Estate Services.  I also recommend Four Peaks Brewery for great beer.
