3 I have eaten here a couple of times before in my 2 years living in south Chandler. I don't remember my previous experiences but this time I was ready to Yelp.  I went in for Friday lunch and received a decent welcome from the hostess. I was seated promptly and after a few minutes approached by my server. She was cordial and took my order.  The order come out lightning fast, like within a few minutes. I barely got through a newspaper article when it arrived.   I ordered hot and medium wings. What a disappointment. The wings themselves were below average in quality. I ordered 12 but only ate 3 and ended up taking the rest home, which I ate late that night.  It seemed like forever for my check to arrive - maybe 8-10 minutes after I asked for it. The serve didn't appear to be slammed.  It is a stretch to give it 3 stars and I won't be back. Sidelines across the street is much much better
4 Great place to go with the kids and with large parties.  Great wings, and you can order as many combos and flavors as you want.  Thursday is .35 wing night!
5 My entire family loves this place. This place is amazing. This is the go to spot for dinner. I mean that we like this specific location. These people are great. Best wings around. I dislike the new menu, they took the curly fries off, but that's small potatoes ( literally ) Please go here. Be open minded. And ENJOY!!!
2 I grew up going to the Native New Yorker on Broadway in Tempe. That place is the spot! I thought this place would be as well. I came in here with my date on a Sunday afternoon after church to catch the Cardinals and eat my one of my favorite foods in the world:  Chicken Wings!!!   First let me say, this place has TV's everywhere you look and we were able to grab a seat right away. I don't normally go to sports bars for Sunday football so something I thought was unique was they labeled all the TV's with signs for which games will be playing on what TV. Good if you're trying to stake your spot for the early morning and afternoon round of games. Service was great, our waitress was attentive and I have no complaints there.   Where it goes bad is the wings were so sad. I always get "hot" wings, literally the hot favor ones because I likes the spice. They were so dry it looked like they have been reheated in a microwave. Eatable yes, but Native New Yorker quality, no. I understand these are all independently owned, so Mr or Mrs Business Owner, go holla at your franchisor on making better wings.   Maybe it was an off day, or the cooks were really busy due to the Sunday crowd but for a place known for wings (they have a buffalo in their logo for goodness sakes!) ya'll could do a lil' better on the only reason why I would go to you.
1 I have been patronizing this location for year, at least once a week with friend and family since we all  live in the neighborhood and love sports.  Recently everything has gone downhill and the quality of food is terrible.    The wings (something they used to be known for) are awful.  They are not tossed in the sauce, as they used to be.  Now they pile them on the platter and dump the sauce in just one spot, making those couple of wings soggy & inedible.  They have also grown consistently smaller.  They actually served me one wing that was about an inch and a half long.  It looked like it came off a baby chick, rather than a full grown chicken.  Everything tastes like it is just being reheated in the microwave.    The overall quality of  the food is going down fast, most noticeably with the wings.  The only thing they still manage to do well is pizza.  But, with its host of other problems, is not worth returning for.    I tried to contact them to provide my group's feedback.  All I got was a system generated email letting me know someone would be contacting me shortly.  I have waited almost 8 weeks, and still have not heard anything.  My friends and family will not be returning to Native New Yorker.
1 Needed to kill two hours on a Friday afternoon and knew I could not go wrong with a Native NewYorker. Three things appeal to me when coming to one of these franchised restaurants: wifi, beer and wings.  I needed to work (I teach online) and there wifi was spotty at best. First 10 minutes were great and then nothing. Just spun and would not connect. I even told my serve who just shrugged and acted like my needs were not important.  I asked my server what IPAs were on tap and she looked at me like I was speaking Klingon. She had absolutely NO idea what I was saying. I finally had to convince her to go to the bar and write down everything on tap (not only for me but also for the next poor bloke who wanted a drink that evening!). I ordered what she promised to be a Sierra Nevada IPA but definitely tasted like no IPA I ever had before in my entire life (and that's saying a lot). I would've sent it back but she would've been confused even more.  When I got to Native's I like the wings boneless since I am usually doing a work dinner and need clean hands for my laptop. I got my usual honey hot which had absolutely no kick to them and tasted a little like soggy cardboard. Not good at all.  I watched the manager walk around and greet almost every single table around me, but never came over. Ever. I wanted to call him over and tell him my concerns, but I wasn't sure where to start & I just wanted to choke down the cardboard, chug my flat acid and get the hell out of there.
3 Good place for happy hour. Not much selection of beer and the place does get packed. Try the flat bread and their great selection of wings.
2 Good wings, good service, great drink specials...great neighborhood spot but I'm reluctant to return until they fix their Internet. Wifi is terrible to non-existent . Watching football on a Sunday in this day and age needs a reliable internet connection (could not follow my fantasy team). I talked to several people who left at half time because they could not get online. Money walking out the door for what should be a staple for any sports bar.
1 Went back to NNY for football. I figured since everyone was complaining about the Wifi almost a month later it would be fixed. Talked to the bartender and some friends I know who confirmed it hadn't been touched. Still lots of people complaining. Such a shame because the staff is great, the beer  is cold and the food is good. After 1 quarter my friends and I left along with a few others and went across the street so we could get online. Come on guys even the NFL is wiring 12 stadiums this year for fans to get online at the game. Its money walking out the door.
4 The food is good, its a great place to, an a great alternative to the Applebee's that doesn't care about customers.   From the wings to the burgers Native New Yorker is good food. This is not fine dining, and I am not sure since I have not been to New York if it's like food there, but it's good food.  Service is a little lacking at times but nothing to important, instead of getting an extra refill on a soda they might miss it. However the manager walks around and is good to notice and get things right, normally apologizing before you even notice.   I would recommend this place to anyone, great for families as well!
4 Great food and service, can't go wrong with the wings. Took the fam on a Sunday afternoon, quick service and good atmosphere. Will return again.
1 I'm writing this as I sit across the street waiting on my food at Toms BBQ. I called Native to order dinner and asked if they had any specials. The girl asked if it was for carry out or eat in. I said carry out, after waiting on hold for a couple minutes she came back and said wings were on special for .55 each. I said ok I will take 20. Then she tells me that is only available for dine in. REALLY?  I told her it was a carry out order in the first place. Your restaurant is only as good as the help you hire and train ...perhaps you should train them a little better.
1 Disappointing experience. Service was pretty much non existent and food was mediocre. Our server seemed to be annoyed with us needing refills or anything else.
2 It depends on who you get to serve you.  Make sure you ask not to be waited on by Sweaty Waiter. It is so gross to watch the sweat drop off this guy.  He is so sweaty that he constantly has to push up his glasses.  One time I told the manager about him and told him he shouldn't be waiting tables.  The manager said his hands were tied because Sweaty Waiter was a friend of the owners family.  I told him that the waiter was disgustingly sweaty and he needed to towel off and have extra shirts.  The manager told me he does towel off and change shirts but it doesnt help.  Then later he sent him home and told us he was sweating more than usual because he wasn't feeling well. So gross.
1 Very long wait to times for mediocre food. I know the server was busy, but it took 20 min after we got our beer to order food. I had to flag her down. The mandarin wings were basically deep fried, over cooked, then drenched in sauce. The lime rub wings were bland. Wings out of store bought box are much better. Beer was good , but how can you mess that up. Native NY used to be 'the bomb' -now this place simply bombs.
3 Went to dinner there as you came in there was a banner for advertisement that draped in front of door that wasnt tied down. Customers had to avoid it coming in and going out.Decor could be brightened up. Dark in the bar booth area more than normal.  Dining area was open. Service was fine and we were seated immediately. The food was middle of road.  I had cobb salad and my wife a chicken sandwich. The chicken in my cobb was dry but overall ok but nothing special. My wife's chicken was tender but sauce was very spicey. It was a disappointment since we were expecting a better than average meal. The prices were reasonable.
1 What happened to Native?  I have been going here since 1990.  The wings are so small and lack meat.  The price is ridiculous $.85/wing.  I went the other day with the family.  I will not be going back.
4 We l-o-v-e their Reuben sandwich. The last two visits, the service was good; friendly and timely. Reubens are the bomb. lol Enough meat for two sammies!
