5 Dr. Brimhall himself is a class act.   I had a cousin that was referred to Dr. Brimhall on a Saturday of which the Brimhall Eye Center is closed on the weekends. Apparently, due to the severity of the issue at hand, he inclined to see my cousin in about a couple of hours while he opens the clinic to see what's going on.   Long story short. He went completely out of his way coming from Nellis Air Force, where he is in the Reserve, I believe, to assess the problematic situation.   Which he then proceeded to follow up with another appointment on SUNDAY to ensure the medication was working or not.   He is very approachable, very nice, someone I would prefer over anyone if I had a severe eye issue.   A+++  If he treats this new patient like this, can you image how he treats his regular patients?  Bravo.
5 I went to see the eye doctor and felt he was one of the nicest people I have ever met.  I had to have emergency eye surgery that day and the following day.  He did an excellent job and would recommend him to anyone.
4 Dr. Brimhall is top notch. His patients are priority and he is extremely knowledgable. If you're considering lasik, don't make your decision until you've seen Dr. Brimhall for a consult. He performed my procedure at Dr. Jackson's office, and either location is a good choice. If you have any questions before or after the procedure they are all very helpful. I had a small complication- Dr. Brimhall knew exactly how to remedy it. I'm seeing 20/20. Definitely recommended. Don't trust your eyes to just anyone. It's worth the price to have it done correctly, and by a surgeon who truly cares about his profession and his patients. The only reason they get 4 out of 5 stars is because the wait times in their office can be a little long for follow-ups, but don't let that detour you from going in! If you do get lasik, it takes about 3 days to recover after the procedure, so be prepared for a few days of rest.
5 Let me start by this office has the most friendliest staff I have ever dealt with.  My daughter had a eye injury due to softball.  1st I did not have to wait, my appointment was at 2:50 and they had back by 2:55. The nurse was very good with my daughter. Dr . Brimhall came in very friendly and explained everything he was doing.  Before he left the room he made sure I did not have any questions. This is a great doctor.  I wish there were more as caring.
5 Dr Brimhall and his staff at the Eye Center are the best eye team in Vegas hands down. They are well worth the trip to the NorthWest side of town. He is one of the nicest doctors you will ever meet. He takes his time to address your eye problem and gives your treatment options depending on your condition, budget, and such. He also has a great sense of humor as does his staff. I love this place and am referring my family and friends to him. I went in for treatment of chronic dry eyes and blepharitis. He suggested a new punctal (tear duct) plug that I initially didn't want to try. He told me if I didn't love it he would give me my money back from his own wallet! This guy is terrific and so is the new plug, luckily for him as he get to keep his cash. Go see Dr. Brimhall you'll love him and his team!
5 Would give 10 Stars if that was an option!   I know that I have become very "stingy" in recommendations recently  BUT I found a business that has to be recognized: Dr Brett Brimhall Eye Center is an amazing doctor and has the best staff that I have ever met. The courtesy and professionalism in this office should be a model for every business. Highly recommend them
5 A matter of hours after leaving "Dr. Brett's" office, (first awesome name basis) and I already feel 120% better. I had been having exhausted eye syndrome. Constantly feeling tired early in the day, even after adequate rest. Turns out I needed some artificial tear ducts inserted in the corner of my eyes. No pain. I feel better than I've felt in over a year and I just got home. THANKS DR. BRETT! Ps, super friendly staff and very clean environment. State-of-the art joint. I'd give 6 stars if I could.
