5 Dr John has been a lifesaver for me.  I have a job that keeps me in need of a chiropractor.  I have walked in in significant pain and walked out pain free.  I have gone to several chiropractors in the last few years and he is by far the best.  He has the latest technology to help him make smart adjustments and monitor  progress.  He takes his time and makes adjustments based on your individual problems, not just the in and out same for everyone back cracking that I have had elsewhere.  Top notch doctor.  Thanks, Dr John!
5 He is a miracle worker!
5 First off let me start by saying I don't often review on Yelp, but this is an exception for an exceptional Chiropractor.    Last year I trained for and Competed in the Arizona Ironman triathlon.  Dr Koc was able to see me weekly and help align my back, shoulders, neck and hips every week from the repeated abuse I was inflicting on myself.    His alignments allowed me to train as hard as I could every week and helped keep me injury free.  I was able to complete  my first Ironman without getting injured which is a feat not many can lay claim to. I attribute this success to Dr John's weekly alignments.  For reference, two years ago I competed in a half ironman without going to a chiropractor (I lived in NY and didn't know Dr John) and every week a different part of my body was in complete agony.  Now that I found Dr John he will be my secret weapon to my Triathlon success.    Now that I'm not training as hard I see him roughly once every three weeks and it is such a treat to be able to have everything be put back into place. I have a foam roller and back inversion table but nothing can take the place of a good alignment every few weeks.  Thank you Dr John for being such a great chiropractor and an all around awesome guy.  Sincerely, Tim Picciott
5 I just want to thank Dr. John for all his help in treating my chronic migraine headaches. His adjustments and guidance have really impacted my day to day living-making me much happier and healthier. The quality of life increase I have gained through his chiropractic care have really been priceless. Thanks Dr. John!
5 Dr. John!  Thank you so much for your help!  I can't believe what a difference you have made!  I feel so much better now.  I will recommend you to all my family and friends!
