4 I was driving back from Tempe the other day, and on my way back home I was in desperate need for a car wash.  A couple weeks back, I purchased an unlimited wash package at The Carwasher near my home in Old Town, but I was desperate. There was dust everywhere...and I can't have that.  I pulled into Quick N' Clean, and got a premium wash for $10 even though I could've paid $3 for a quick rinse. I believe in taking care my car. Some day it's a waste of money....but I don't need to listen to "some". I'm my own boss :)  The wash was fantastic. Literally, Quick....and....Clean.   The best part is after you are done, you can use their vacuums for free. My car has been perfect since I detailed it myself, but it's nice to know that I have a go-to spot for free vacuums.  I wish they offered an unlimited car wash special for the monsoon season. I'd definitely bring my business here, even if it is a little further away.
4 I was quite pleased when I visited Quick N Clean today. I opted for the $6 wash-- though now I can't quite remember what was included in said wash. I felt like it could have been a little bit more thorough in the rinse/dry section, as there was a trail of dirt coming off the back of my car.  HOWEVER-- be not dissuaded by the dirt on my bumper (as I wiped it off, and the rest of the car looked great) because the vacuums at this place? OH MY GOSH! I have never been to this kind of car wash and experienced such suction. They were also an ideal shape for getting into the tight spaces underneath my seats.   Word to the wise: when you go to remove the hoses from their little canisters, pull with force. I stood there for a couple of moments as I attempted to gingerly remove it, and thought the hose was stuck. I soon realized that I looked like an idiot, and just gave the vacuum a tug, and it came right out.   Overall, I definitely say thumbs up. I had been hoping for a little rag to wipe out the interior, but am not sure if the rag was part of one of the other packages, so I will investigate again, and let you know.
4 Name matches the place.  Quick car wash, and free vacuums (which are really sucky! - in a good way)
5 The best $3 we spent in Arizona... Cheaper than a gallon of gas & all of the bugs are gone.  Thanks!!!
4 $3 Quick Wash which includes the use of the self-serve heavy duty vacuum.  Yes please!
4 I always come here to get my car washed. My car gets pretty clean for only $3, and I love the free vacuuming, can't beat that.
5 I can't get too excited about a freakin' car wash. But, this place is a great value for only 3 bucks! The staff is friendly, the vacuum area is really clean,  and it's easy to get to from the 101 or Scottsdale rd. Bring a towel, as my car is always wet after the drive through experience.
4 This place is actually really cool! Something you usually have to pay for anywhere else (the vacuum) you get for free and you're not obligated to buy anything at all. Also the way the business layout is there are 2 vacuum hoses to each station, which makes is SO much easier to clean your car/truck. No fighting a hose over the top of the car or through the seats to get a hard to reach spot. Now I haven't gotten a car wash here...yet, simply because my car is a pos haha. BUT when I get my car fixed I will be leaving another review, but till then this place is pretty awesome!
5 I had such a great experience here last night.  I came late at night after discovering egg on my car (issues of living at a college complex.) I was assisted by multiple staff members who were able to completely remove the melted on egg. With their personal help and being allowed to go through twice they were able to save the paint on my car.  I won't be getting my car washed anywhere else.
1 Get rid of Jim the manager and I'll be back! Till then I'll pay more to go else where.   He is a rude pig, a total pirv, an really shady piece of shit!   My grandmothers Retirement community was scammed by him. (that's right, even @ the $3 Car wash!!) He was telling all the old folk of the Riviera Retirement Community in Scottsdale, it was minimum of $7.00!  I wouldn't have known till my Grandma gave me a $10 for her weekly car wash, and I said "10?? it's only 3 bucks Grams??" And she said "her friend in the mobile home community were told by "JIM" that it was 7 bucks!!!" I was furious! So I think I will be taking ALL my business else where!  Dude, I asked your employees yesterday, after you were rude again to me, and they said the owners were busting your nuts to upgrade sales? That's no excuse, to scam the seniors. Have a radio events there? Organize a charity event there??   Your in a prime location for this!! This outside the box JIM!!! But Ill tell ya! I will make sure every one in the area knows your greezy face!
4 I used to live right by here and come here all the time, but I actually drove out of my way to get here this time because I love this place.  First off, there is always an attendant to help you with the automatic machines before you enter the car wash, then an attendant to guide you onto the tracks and they always have the best attitudes. I have yet to encounter one who wasn't hilarious, even when it was 102 degrees out.   The best part though is the free vacuum station, and wet rags. and of course the other patrons who blast good jams while you vacuum.   Would recommend it to anyone, for a cheaper alternative to the expensive places.
5 Always clean and friendly. Great place to get a quick car wash plus free vacuums to keep my car looking neat!
1 My car was muddy and I just wanted to knock some of the mud off. The gatekeeper told me that he can't let me do the $3 wash with that much mud. He didn't say it won't get very clean (I would have been fine with that). He said he couldn't do it to try to sell me the next step up (2.25X the price). It's a gimmick. I told him that's ridiculous and went to Clean Freak on 44th st and Mcdowell. I will never go to this place again.
1 I was in the area a couple months back and paid for there best car wash $15.00 bucks and was offered another best car wash for $5.00 bucks so I took the opportunity and paid my $5.00 bucks. I come by today and I'm told the offer had an expectation date on it and it was no good.   Not only will I not be back but I'll make sure I let everyone know about how they CHOICE $5.00 dollars over a customer that would be back time after time.  I will continue to update this posting to remind people never to use Quike & Clean  NOTE: Quike & Clean didn't steal my $5 bucks... they just refused to give me services paid for in advance.
1 Please feel free to read my previous post for Quike & Clean for more of a back story.  To date I have made 200 flyers and dropped them off around the neighborhood closest to this location.  I have spoken to over 40 people directly about never using Quike & Clean.  I will continue to inform people about  Quick & Clean and help insure they take no more victims.   Shame on You
1 Just  Quike update....  I have now dropped off over 300 flyers letting people know to never use Quike and sleazy car wash.  I have spoken with over 50 people letting them know about this car wash
1 Please read previous posts for the complete story.  I have currently handed out over 500 flyers and spoke with 43 people over the weekend 97 total people about never using this company.   If these guys new anything about business they would know it takes 4-7 positive experiences to get 1 new customer and 2-3 negative to prevent 5-7 new customers from ever trying the company.  Keep up that poor customer services quike & clean This time next year Scottsdale Az might have a new place to shop in place of the fraud wash.
1 Sorry I was on vacation.  Im back and have spoken to another 37 people and handed out another 200 flyers reminding people to never use this car wash... quike and sleazy
4 Love the vacuum for free and $3 carwash does the job to my car. So far, good experience.
1 I got a car wash Wednesday at noon and it rained at 6pm that same evening.  Next day I took my car in for a raincheck and they refused to let run it through for a $3 car wash.  They don't realize that I will now drive out of my way to find better customer service!  They just lost 3 cars from my household.
4 Good car wash, not the best staff but at least you don't have to deal with them much. I really like the free vacuums. I always bring my own window cleaner and towels to dry off my car as the drying section goes by quite fast.
4 I come here for the $3 wash frequently because it does the job and like the name entails it's "quick and easy"  There are usually employees at the drive up kiosks to help you with your wash choice/payment and they are all nice and helpful  Nice for quick chat   The thing I love most is that their vacuums have great suction... I hate when car washes have sucky suction haha   One day, there was a big truck that was 2-3 cars in front of me and it broke the car wash haha it got stuck in it... So none of us could go into it... We all sat for about 5 minutes before the manager came to all of us, asked which wash we got, and gave us receipts as free "vouchers" for a future wash. It was a little disappointing but I was happy with the fact that the person did this... And that I would get the wash I paid for... That's all!
5 Thank you to whoever was working on Saturday, June 14th around 3pm. My complex requires me to park under trees and my poor car looked like bird-poop target practice. Plus all of the dirt layered on from a drive to Flagstaff about a week prior was still there.   The guys spent at least 5 minutes spreading my car off before I went through the wash. It came out spotless. Thank you!
5 These guys are great! I had issues getting my car situated on the belt for the wash (bad day on my end) and the attendant was very helpful and kind about it. Also, the free vacuuming is a great bonus. I'll most definitely continue using this car wash.
