2 we bought some furniture from then on feb 2013, the price of the furniture was great the sales person was great, but let me tell u they will get u in the end if u is not careful. the price of the furniture, plus tax great, but delivered charges was $65.00 and the set up fee which we thought was included in delivered charges was $85.00 to put some legs on a d!!!! chair which my 12 year old grand child could have done and to make matters worse they got to my home at 7:45 p.m. had us waiting all day for delivery. NEVER AGAIN!!!!  And they gave us a lot of running around to even get approved for financing, I wonder how these business stay afloat with the crap they do to the customer.
1 Very aggressive salesmanship.  Terrible customer service.  Cheaply made furniture (breaks in the first month):-/  Also, bed bugs.  DO NOT BUY FURNITURE FROM HERE EVER!!!
5 As soon as I walked in the manager was able to direct me to exactly what I was looking to purchase and it was a very fair price! Everyone was extremely helpful and the show room was beautiful! I will definitely be back to purchase more!
1 If there was a way to give 0 stars, I would. I bought a reclining black pleather couch here. When it was delivered they said setup was $85 which we were told was included in the $65 delivery fee. I went back the next day stating that it did not feel like the floor model at all. The manager insisted it has to be broken in. The couch began to fall apart and crack after 2 months. I went back and complained yet again and was told because it was a cash deal there was nothing they could do. The manager insisted he could only give me the discount if I paid in cash... that day. I ran and got the cash and made it back right before closing. I  had a invoice from the sale proving what I paid!! Then, I was told to come back when the manager was there. I went back 2 times when I was told the manager was going to be there. I was told because that manager no longer works there that i was SOL. Finally, I stopped at another location trying to get contact information of management above this store and sure enough the "manager" who sold me the couch and was no longer there is at the other store!! He told me the couch must be in the sun. I showed him pictures of the room. No sun. It's against a wall. Also, he said well did you buy the warranty and I said I was never offered.  He looked at the invoice and said oh ya, that wouldn't be worth buying it... The couch was $800 and a warranty was $200+. The "manager" told me he couldn't do anything, but he would give me a great deal on a new couch. Haha!!!! No way!!
