5 We are very happy we used them!  He was a very nice guy and the service was great and affordable!
5 Great service - Saved the day. This morning I broke the earpiece on my glasses and took it to where I had purchased it with no luck on any repair/replacement. We are leaving in a few days on vacation and panicked. So searched the internet and found a few places, one recommended M&M Mobil Eyelass Repair. I called and he said he could be there in 1 1/2 hr but arrived early in one hour. Had quoted a reasonal range of price and no charge if he could not fix it. He was polite and professional and had the glasses fixed good as new in about 15-20 min. I was very happy and satisfied, Would definitely recommend him! It saved me time gas money and running aroundl
5 We are visiting family from California and my husband sat on his glasses and we called M & M mobile glasses repair and within 30 mins he arrived at the house and had them fixed for very reasonable price and was very friendly! What a great company ! You saved our vacation!!!
5 Manny just came to my office to repair my 12 y/o step-son's glasses. He was here within 90 minutes, a big smile on his face, great work and very reasonable prices!! My rough and tumble step-son doesn't have cool Nike logo'ed glasses anymore but they're fixed and he can see again to play more basketball.
5 I called on a Monday and less than two hours later my son's glasses were repaired without me having to leave home.  The owner was super nice.  The best part was it cost me half of what I had been quoted by the rude man at All American Eyeglass Repair. Can't beat that.
5 What a great service!  Manny was at more door in no time at all.  He gave me a couple of options (both very affordable) and repaired my glasses immediately.  Extremely courteous and professional - did the work in his specially equipped van.  I felt completely at ease as he came to my door.  About half the price I was quoted by a repair shop.
5 M&M came to my home on time and I had my glasses back within 30 minutes total. He changed both temples (with the ones that have the built in springs in them-the good ones) and nose pads with my pre-approval. Work was done for the price he stated. He was polite and professional. I would use him again and would recommend him to family and friends. 5/2014
5 Wonderful service! He was at the door in 30 mins. The repair only took about 20 mins. He was half the price as his competitors and was also very manner-able. He had a receipt and very professional and I didn't even have to leave my home. I had family members with me and they were so impressed that they wanted to use his services for now on.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
5 called him and he was here within a half hour and my glasses were fixed in 5 minutes. awesome guy!
5 M&M Mobile Eyeglass Repair is awesome!  My sunglasses are prescription, and I can't be without them.  I had somehow broken the hinge and was panicked thinking I would have to buy a new pair.  I found M&M on Yelp, and Manny from M&M was here within 2 hours of my call.  He was  professional and friendly and had my prescription sunglasses fixed in 10 minutes at a very reasonable rate, MUCH less than I would have paid for a new pair.  I would highly recommend to anyone in need of eyeglass repair - thanks Manny!
