5 Red Rock Casino's poker room is great.  It is perhaps the nicest one in Vegas that's geared towards locals.  Some things I like about this room include:  - Comfortable seats - Well lit room that isn't smokey - Friendly dealers that keep that game moving at a good pace - Speedy cocktail waitresses - Very helpful poker desk that gets people into games as soon as possible   - LBS Burger comes by during dinner time to take orders - Restrooms are close by so you don't have to miss many hands  I usually play the 4/8 1/2 kill Omaha 8 game when I'm here.  Pretty good action and the pots are larger than the usual 1/2 no limit game.
3 Not one of my favorite rooms to play in but it is by far the closest one to my house. So, more often than not, this room gets my rake. It is an actual room unlike some casinos with a bunch of poker tables stuck in the middle of the casino floor. This helps with the smoke issue as long as you aren't seated at one of the first few tables as you walk into the room. The powers that be have ingeniously placed ashtrays on either side of the entrance. Players stand right there, as close to the poker room as they can possibly be without actually being in the room and chain smoke like they can't get cancer quick enough. Lovely.  If you can get seated on a table that isn't located in the front of the room then this is a relatively comfortable place to play. They've hired good dealers that keep the games going and the waitresses come around regularly. They have some "premium" draft on tap and they serve it in pints. This is pretty cool considering most of the rooms around town serve bottles only and the few that do have draft serve it in those awful 8oz cocktail glasses.  The players are a pretty good mix of locals and tourists. If you play here a few times it's easy to spot the regulars and stay out of pots with the few exceptional rounders. And there are a few who play here.
3 Poker room is comfy, games are small stakes. Friendly dealers. Pretty standard as far as small Vegas card rooms.
4 Very busy most of the time and a good place to get in some poker. Most of the tables are Hold'em but they usually have Omaha and a few others depending on the demand. Unfortunately they have raised their prices for tournaments by about $20 though.
4 The Red Rock poker room is one of the better Station casino  poker rooms.  It's got a solid location, near the sportsbook and restrooms.  It's usually pretty busy for a local room, but waits are not too long unless it's a holiday or something.  Lots of lower stakes ($1/$2 and $2/$5) NL hold em and some low limit Omaha as well.  Lots of regulars, which is probably due to its location as well as the games it spreads.  Overall, comfortable and friendly dealers.
