4 Tried Mark's Cafe for the first time today on a recommendation from a friend. One thing's for sure, you will not leave here hungry. I had the blue cheese bacon burger and it was incredible. It was as delicious as it was big. A very generous order of great french fries accompanied the burger. I look forward to going back and trying something different on the menu.
5 I do not know exactly how many folks I've taken to Mark's Cafe (f.k.a. Culinary Solutions Cafe).  I can tell you that Chef Mark - with decades of Executive Lunch/Dinner experience - will blow your mind and "ruin" your palette.  Many of those that I have taken to this phenomenal Breakfast/Lunch/Catering cafe have gone back on their own - without me (when then can get away with it).  My favorite dish is impossible to identify, but my favorites remain any of the Eggs Benedict dishes, or the Friday Night Dinner's.  (BYOB!)  This is a perfect local spot to impress your clients.
4 Stopped in for breakfast one morning, great service and great food. Good size portions and delicous. SUPPORT LOCAL BUSINESS!!! Hang in there Mark, we're cheering for ya!!!
5 Go eat breakfast there. Diane is a fantastic server and Mark makes delicious food. Highly recommended.
4 If you like eggs Benedict, Mark's is the place for you. His house-made Hollandaise made a Benedict fan out of my wife, who has never liked this sauce no matter how many places I've had her try it. In addition to a very good traditional Bennie, Chef Mark has several special preparations, including the Neptune (with lump crab meat) and the Southwestern (with a spicy Hollandaise and chorizo). Portions are ample; you'll leave full but not overstuffed. Just how it should be.  The decor is clean, attractive, and functional; it may not look like anything special, but don't judge this book by its cover. The food is top-notch. Mark's no short-order cook--he's a classically trained chef who cooks with passion you can taste. The staff is prompt and courteous, right down to the youngsters who help with drinks and bussing tables.  We discovered Mark's a couple months ago and have been about five times already; each time for weekend breakfast. We're early risers and haven't had to compete with the post-church crowd yet, but the tables are filling up by 8. We're looking forward to cooler mornings so we can sit on the small patio out front.  One of the neatest things about Mark's isn't the food, though. It's that when the Cafe was really hurting, a group of regulars stepped up and helped out their neighborhood "spot," each offering their own expertise in different areas, to reinvent this special little restaurant. As a small business owner and a strong supporter of local businesses (particularly restaurants), this heartwarming story makes the food taste even better.
2 Not super impressed by this place. I ordered something simple. A cheese omelet, it was OK at best. Potatoes GREASY! This place gets good reviews and maybe I should have ordered one of the bene's to get a better taste for the place but I also think a simple omlete should be stellar and it was not. I may try it again but I doubt it. There are better places IMO. Service was good though and they were very nice.
5 My family and I have been coming here for years. It used to be named the culinary cafe. The eating area is small so I'd stick with groups of four or less. The recently renovated the place and the decor is much more modern. It looks great and inviting now!   The staff is always friendly. I love that you can here the chef singing in the kitchen. You can tell he loves what he does and it reflects in the quality of their food.  I always get their eggs benedict. They have several varieties that sound amazing but I always go for the regular version. I could not ask for a better eggs benedict. LOVE IT! My mother ordered the raspberry french toast this morning. I had a bite... SO GOOD! My dad ordered chicken fried steak. He ate the entire thing so he must have enjoyed it. The food comes out fairly quickly but not too quickly where you question how much of the meal was made prior to ordering.  I have only eaten breakfast here but from what I hear, everything they offer on the menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner is delicious. I recommend trying this place. Also, they do cooking classes here! I've always wanted to attend but haven't gotten the guts to try it. I would love to learn the chef's hollandaise sauce recipe...
3 It's been a few weeks since our visit here the staff is very friendly ,the breakfast was. Good although I thought a bit pricey
5 The Hubster & I have been on a Tour of Arizona Eggs Benedicts and we currently have Mark's Cafe as #1 for Traditional as well as Specialty! Personally as a Breakfast joint if you can't make Eggs Benny... Then you shouldn't have a Breakfast Menu!   #1.The Traditional has a VERY NICE slice of Heaven... Ohh wait I mean Canadian Bacon compared to what other un-named places call a "slice".   #2. The Hollandaise Sauce... If I could ask for a To Go Soup container of Marks Hollandaise Sauce I would totally do it! Its magical... I'm not sure what he does differently but its easily the best Ive ever had!   We prefer Brunch vs. Breakfast so one morning we drove in to Tempe from Gilbert (Far I know! LOL) & arrived at 1PM for Breakfast. Even though they close at 2PM there wasn't a single bit of rushing us at all, unlike those "other" places. The food has been PERFECT every time, no matter what we order!   Menu Recommendations: Traditional Eggs Benny, Southwestern Eggs Benny (I prefer it with the English Muffin vs. Biscuit), The French Benny *Special* Croissant w/ Prosciutto... Lets say OMG! Banana Pecan Pancakes, Cajun Chicken Club w/ Cajun Fries!   This Local, Family Owned & Operated Restaurant.... ROCKS! Its worth the drive where ever your coming from! ;-)
3 Went to a friend's house sat night and they were talking about going to Mark's Café for some eggs benedicts, They found the place on yelp and have read all the great reviews on the hollandaise sauce. It's supposed to be the mecca of that golden yellow sauce that you can't get enough of! So they said we are going to Mark's for Sunday breakfast, do you want to go, I thought sure why not!  So spent 12 hours anticipating the savory tangy golden yellow sauce that will soon be hitting my taste buds! Could hardly wait!!   We got to Mark's around 9:50am, took a look at the menu, decided on the Irish eggs, its severed over corned beef hash ( I do love eggs & hash! So toss that heavenly sauce on it and omg it's party time) and placed my order.  The lady at the table next to me just got her order and it looked like the California Benedicts, which would have been my 2nd choice, and it looked delish so I was ready to try mine out!!  But then everything changed, the waitress came back to our table and told us that there is no hollandaise sauce and that more is not going to be made, but we have other breakfast items to try....WHAT NO HOLLANDAISE!!!!!!!! Is what I wanted to scream, but instead asked for menu to find something else to eat.  I did order the everything omelet I wish I had something great to write about it, but it was an omelet, not what I had been in want of, so it didn't strike my fancy.   Now the waitress was really nice and did know that this was our 1st time there and we heard all the rave about the sauce, and got none she did give us a 20% discount off our bill, Thank you!!  I wish I could tell you that I would be back to try that Irish Eggs Benedicts, Mark's is a cute little café and it service is great! But I think it will be a bit before I make it back.
3 My husband and I are tying to eat breakfast at a local restaurant once a week, and this last weekend we decided to try out Marks. We have heard great reviews of their Hollandaise sauce & we LOVE eggs Benedict. We brought along a friend & we each ordered a different kind. (the Irish, Scottish & Southwestern) Right after they took our order Karen came out to apologize, but they were completely out of Hollandaise.... What? It wasn't even late! - we were there around 9:30 on a Sunday morning! That was the whole reason we came in, for that yummy buttery, zesty sauce! After we got over our disappointment we each ordered again. I ended up trying out their steak omelet that was on their breakfast specials.  It was pretty tasty. The omelet & steak was well seasoned and had a lot of filling inside. I hate omelette's that are more cheese than egg, but this one was just cheesy enough for me. The breakfast potatoes though were just potatoes. They were not very dry & bland. I had to smother them in hot sauce & salt. Maybe it was just because I had my taste buds set on eggs Benedict, but I was a little disappointed. I will give Marks another try & another review, hopefully they have enough Hollandaise next time.
4 I hadn't been to Mark's since the remodel. It happens to be just outside of my normal breakfast route, but I was close by today so I stopped in.  I actually had no idea they had the big redo till I asked the waitress if they had changed names. She had waited on me my previous visit so I had a feeling it was the same place.  They had a community renovation project to help them out, Awesome.  Anyway the updated decor is a good improvement and makes the place feel better and more comfortable.  They were packed this morning which was nice to see and I got my coffee straight away from being seated at the new bar counter area.  The staff was extremely nice and friendly even though they were really busy  so that gets a big thumbs up from me.  I had the California Eggs Benedict which is a step up from the usual Eggs benedict Florentine by adding avocado and tomato.  It was very good and my eggs were cooked perfectly with a very nice hollandaise sauce.  They do have strong diner coffee that will definitely wake you up which can be a good or bad thing depending on your preference for coffee.  Glad too see this place doing so well. I will definitely be back sooner this time.  I think I will be adding them to my normal breakfast route.  Keep up the good work.  Try:  - California Eggs Benedict
5 My buddies and I were in Phoenix  last weekend for our time-honored Spring Training trip and were led here by Urbanspoon (yes, some people still use it).  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but set aside your skepticism - it's a perfect breakfast spot with perfectly reasonable prices.    We ordered from the entire breakfast gamut - eggs benedict, chorizo breakfast wrap, waffles, kielbasa/swiss/egg scramble - and found winners across the board.    Our waitress even had the good sense to warn my friend that an additional short stack order was unnecessary - one pancake would surely suffice.  She wasn't kidding - this pancake was bigger than my face and nice and fluffy.  Get the word out about this place - their FB page is "Saving Mark's Cafe" so I'm not sure if they're in danger of having to close down...hopefully that's not the case because it would certainly be a damn shame.
3 Still the best Hollandaise I've ever tasted, but the last few visits to Mark's were frustrating for their inconsistency. Hard English muffins one time, a poached egg with the yolk cooked solid on another, and--gasp--a chunk of eggshell under my egg on a third. Any one of these could happen to any chef now and again, but the pattern of at least one mistake like this per visit has me wondering if the kitchen hasn't gotten too busy for Mark to manage everything all alone. While we visited just about every other weekend for a while, Mark's has slipped to once every 4-6 weeks on our breakfast rotation.
4 My boyfriend and I love getting Breakfast at local owned businesses. We try to go almost every week. Lately, we've been a little underwhelmed with our selection in Tempe, and have been haunting Denny's. No bueno. We looked to Yelp to see what we may have missed and found Mark's. And I think we now have a new default place! Great Hollandaise, just like previous reviewers suggested. Tangy, sweet awesome! I had the French eggs benny on a croissant with prosciutto. Holy taste buds!  BF had a spicy version, the Southwestern eggs Benny, and he loved his too. His only beef was wanting more of the potatoes they serve on the side. Compared to some of the humongous waffles and pancakes we saw coming out, eggs Benedict was a really tasty, but smaller portion. Especially after our Grand Slam slumming at Denny's. Overall - Mark's Cafe is delicious, local and full of friendly staff and patrons!
5 My wife and I have been to Mark's at least a dozen times in the last 6 months. Fantastic breakfast spot. I've had a few of the different eggs benedict, but my all time favorite is the French Eggs Benedict - it's served on a wonderful croissant instead of an english muffin. Absolutely perfect.  We stopped by one time for their Friday night dinner, and truthfully were disappointed. After loving their breakfast so much we had high hopes for the dinner. While it was delicious, it wasn't quite up to my expectations; perhaps the breakfast set them too high. However, we will continue going back for breakfast as we can!  The staff is always friendly, and is quick to recognize you as a regular.
4 Mark's is consistently one of the best restaurants I've eaten at.  I am a semi-regular.  It's pretty simple: If you like eggs benedict this is the place.  My personal favorite is the Irish Eggs Benedict - which is basically corned beef hash re-imagined as a benny.  The fritattas are also fantastic. The strawberry preserves on the table is a nice touch also. Breakfast for two is around 20 bucks.  Support a local business, have a great breakfast, and skip the buyer's remorse so common among Denny's patrons.
4 I popped in with a friend and my two year old daughter for breakfast at 10:30 on a Saturday morning.   The wait was only as long as it took to bus a table, and even though the place is small, no one waited longer than 3 minutes to be served. The wait for service was a little longer.  The staff was immensely patient with my 2-year old, bringing a coloring page and crayons to the table and even miniature pitchers of milk to pour into her cup.  Drink orders were taken immediately, but our food order wasn't collected until about 10 minutes after we were seated. Then we waited quite awhile for our food. 2 couples that arrived and were seated after us got their food before us. Luckily, the food was worth the wait.  My daughter got the 1-egg breakfast with an egg, sausage and home-style potatoes. I got the traditional eggs Benedict with home-style potatoes and my friend had 2 pancakes (syrup, bananas and pecans on the side) eggs and home-style potatoes.  My food was delicious and served hot. If I lived in Tempe instead of North Phoenix this would absolutely become a regular haunt.
3 Based on one review...I am willing to give them a second chance...perhaps I picked the wrong items or it was just a bad day?!?   Me and kids took a spin and visited.  Small cozy restaurant in a strip mall.  Service staff was better than average.  Food was ok.  I ordered some sort of scramble plate....3 eggs scramble with (steak, onions, cheese, schrroms), home-style potatoes, and English muffin.  Kids both ordered Denver.  The egg scramble part of my meal had a good taste, better than expected. The home-style potatoes left me wanting more flavor....they were plain with little seasoning.  A hint of a little bit of crust on them would have helped.  Also, I was expecting a skillet-like presentation (scramble on top of potatoes maybe?)....instead, I got a pile of scramble, with potatoes next to it.  The kids liked the Denver, but barely touched their potatoes.  They too love potatoes and told me after eating they didnt care for them.  Lots of good reviews, perhaps just unlucky today?!?
4 My favorite 3 dishes: Eggs Benedict, Biscuits and Gravy, Kielbasa scramble. I love the feel of this mom/pop cafe. The service is wonderful. I have also been to their Friday Night dinners. Love the BYOB concept and the special menus. It's nice to know who exactly is cooking your meal. The only thing I wish was that they never closed for vacation!
4 Recommended to me by my dad, so we went there together this morning. I got the California Eggs Benedict which is the usual Benedict but with cooked spinach, avocado and tomato. I replaced the tomato with Canadian bacon. It also came with a small side of home fries (cubed pan-fried potatoes).The Hollandaise sauce was thinner than I'm used to and had pepper instead of paprika but it was really good. The eggs were poached perfectly and the English muffin was toasted and very good. The fries were a little underdone for my tastes (not undercooked but not browned like I like) and were also seasoned with just salt and pepper - but they were pretty good.  Overall, a very tasty breakfast. I think the plate with the added ham and a large glass of orange juice was under $15, so not bad for the quality and if you really love a great poached egg. They also have t-shirts with cool designs and the inside is very small but clean with super friendly, fast service.  Only 4 stars because while it was good, it wasn't amazing. Thicken up the sauce, brown the potatoes and add a few more spices for that coveted 5th star. Still, check it out when in the area!
5 Amazing food at this simple place in an Albertsons strip mall. Me and pops will be regulars.
2 They have great service and fast delivery. My office orders lunch  in from them a couple times a month. Every time, I try something new from the menu, and every time, it is just mediocre. The food is just whatever. It's not super delicious, but it's not nasty ever... It just never quite satisfies the way you'd hope.
5 We used to do our weekly sunday breakfast at Chompies.. that was until I got serious food poisoning from them and vowed never to go back. This left me and my family in quite the pickle... we love local breakfast places but hate chain restaurants. One morning while driving around to find a new breakfast spot we found Mark's... tucked away in a little corner of a strip mall. As soon as we walked in i could tell it was going to be good, the customers were so happy, and the employees were super nice. The food is simply amazing, chef Mark is a wiz in that kitchen. Everything I have ordered from here I would eat over and over again. My favorite is the hollandaise, it is the best I have ever had!! I recommend this place for anyone looking to break out of the restaurant rut.
4 Nice little neighborhood spot. Loved the presentation of the food.
2 Went this morning. Food was fine. Service was poor  Arrived (with a baby). They were saving the one open table for a regular customer who hadn't arrived yet. We waited for a table to open up  When we did get a table, we ate quickly and then sat for a few minutes drinking coffee. The waitress informed us we need to leave because people were waiting for a table. We had been there for about an hour.....we weren't taking the table for an unreasonable mount of time. We probably would have left in the next five minutes, but being told we HAD to leave really made the experience a negative one   Really like the owners, but based on the rudeness of the waitress today, I will not return
4 This place is not bad at all. I wouldn't say i am a fan quite yet because I did not get to finish all my food, but one of these days when I'm in the mood I will give it another go.     My manager said her burger was good as far as the toppings but the burger itself was bland and needed flavor even just salt and pepper can go a long way.    I had ordered a country style frittata that was good but was missing something just couldnt put my finger on it, I added my side potatoes to make it a little more flavorful and loved the two together.    One of these days you will get another chance. Some day.
5 What a great name for a restaurant in my biased opinion.  I've tried to come to Mark's Cafe several times, and have failed.  Maybe it was for dinner, a Monday, a Tuesday, or that two weeks when everyone went on vacation.  But I never gave up.  I was on a mission to try this local favorite.  And I knew today was the day.  It was even getting close to the 2 pm close time.  But I was determined.  Luckily, no secret hand signal was needed to enter.  It was Feb. 14th and the cafe was decorated for Valentine's Day, not with something corporate concocted with branding and mailed over, but by a real human being who went to the store to buy supplies.  It was a really nice touch.  I ordered the cajun chicken club.  I was in the mood for a club, and I wanted to put Mark's Cafe to the test.  It is easy to make a bland club sandwich.  I also ordered the fries instead of the chips.  The fries were of the fresh cut variety.  And a small plastic jar with a spoon and ketchup was presented with the fries.  The sandwich was really good.  The chicken was moist and coated with Cajun spices, which was complimented well by the lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise.  The bacon completed the sandwich.  The server was attentive and stopped by a few times.  Mark could be seen loitering around.  I was there past 2 pm, but no mention of this was made.  If you are looking for that local feel, Mark's Cafe is your restaurant.
2 This morning we decided to give this place a try after reading the positive Yelp reviews. Our experience was...okay. Nothing horrible but nothing great either.  I got the traditional eggs Benedict and my boyfriend got the Irish eggs Benedict. It was good, a little lacking in flavor but okay. The potatoes, however, were extremely bland and lacking of any seasoning. I needed to add salt and pepper to my entire meal, which came from these dirty looking tin cans sitting on the table. I noticed the portion of potatoes they gave us was extremely small, I felt gypped! I almost said something but decided not to make a fuss over it. The waitress brought us a glass jar filled with ketchup for the potatoes...I didn't like this at all. The jar had some dried ketchup on the underneath side of the glass lid and it just looked greasy on the outside with finger prints all over it. It just bothered me. I know they're trying to be cute and unique but really just leave it in the original ketchup bottle.  Also this isn't a large eatery, with only about 10 tables. The size doesn't exactly bother me but when you have a baby at the next table screaming, the entire room gets tense, you can actually feel it. But it's not the size of the room its how they use the space. The Farm House in Gilbert is also a very small space but it is extremely warm and inviting, Mark's Cafe lacks this.  FYI, if you haven't tried The Farmhouse off of Gilbert just south of Guadalupe, please do, it's incredible, but get there before 8AM or you'll be waiting in a line that goes around the building! Wonderful place!  Just a side note if the owners ever read their Yelp reviews. We noticed they were playing religious music, which didn't bother us even though we're not religious, but for the sake of respecting EVERYONE who comes into your place of business it would be a good idea to be neutral so you don't lose customers.   All in all this place was mediocre at best. I definitely felt it was over priced for what you get. Service was fast and friendly so that was a plus. However, knowing that I can get better quality, better tasting food, with cheaper prices elsewhere has me thinking we may not be back. We often go to Crackers Cafe on Elliot and Priest which is excellent. We've been there over a dozen times and every time it's a win. Wonderful food, great environment, friendly staff, and prices that make you feel like you're getting a great deal. Mark's Cafe is over priced with a lack of comfort in their decor and food.
4 Two words: Eggs Benedict.  'Nuff said.
5 Order any of the Eggs Benedict and you will not be disappointed. I couldn't eat them fast enough! Gets very busy on Sunday mornings during brunch time so be prepared to wait. It is worth it; you will have cravings for the eggs Benedict
4 Originally planning to go eat at Mark's Cafe but the wife & I slept in too late and we figured the place would be busy being a small place and it is jumping on the weekends, so we ordered our breakfast to go.  I ordered an Everything Omelette with Home Fries and an English Muffin.  It was very tasty and everything was hot and fresh and I definitely got my money's worth.  We planned to go the next day day (today) but the restaurant was closed due to plumbing problems.  We were majorly bummed.  We will be definitely going back.  I have my eye on the French Toast and the Chicken Fried Steak.  My wife had the Eggs Benedict and she was really happy with it.  I absolutely recommend this place to anyone wanting a nice small place to grab a meal.  Can't wait to go back perhaps next weekend.
5 Mark's Cafe is in a word "Awesome".  I have been on an unofficial quest to find the best country fried steak and sausage gravy in the country.  The quest is over!  This place is great, the Owner, Mark is a classically trained chef who uses only fresh and quality ingredients.  The steak is so tender you can cut it with a fork and the gravy is perfect.  My wife had the quiche Lorraine and it was excellent also.  If you are looking for a great place for breakfast in the Tempe area, this is it!
1 After seeing all the 5 star ratings we decided to give Mark's a try this morning....that was a mistake. The hubs ordered pancakes, bacon & eggs while I got biscuits and gravy. The pancakes are massive, but quantity does not trump quality in my book. Seriously the worst pancakes ever, dry, cakey, and tasted like bisquick. The bacon was thin and pitiful and looked as though it had been cooked in a microwave. My biscuits were "ok" but they also tasted like bisquick. Only redeeming part of my breakfast was the gravy, it was loaded with black pepper so it has a nice spice to it. All in all I think we'll stick with our usual joints, The Good Egg or Matt's Big Breakfast!
1 Oh my goodness.  I was looking forward to trying this quaint little place.  I finally got a chance to stop by.  Unfortunately, I was not able to eat.  Before ordering I asked where the restroom was.  I was directed behind the counter and through the kitchen toward the back.  Imagine my horror when I saw food being cut up directly adjacent to the bathroom (which was filthy, by the way).  I could not believe it.  A metal table that they use to cut up fruits and vegetables was right next to the bathroom door.  You can literally stand in the doorway of the bathroom and touch the food they were cutting!  Plus, food such as onions and perhaps potatoes were stored on the floor right next to the bathroom.    I am sorry, but I cannot and will not eat in a restaurant that prepares food in such close proximity to their toilet.
1 Worst Breakfast I've probably ever had.  I've always been skeptical of places that also cater, but this place had 'charm' from the outside. Also had some friends RAVE about the hollandaise sauce so I thought I would give it a try.  Took the kids for a late breakfast.   The service was quick and very friendly so a plus there.  The restaurant itself is small, and the only 2 clients inside were about 95 years old sitting side by side facing the rest of the restaurant. Basically you couldn't sit anywhere without their eyes being on you. Granted that's not the owners fault, but still weird.  I ordered the SW Eggs Benedict. It came with a side of "home fries"  The Benedict itself consisted of an old and dry biscuit, beneath what used to be a frozen puck of chorizo (now completely dry and flavorless) topped by a rather bland hollandaise.   That wasn't even the worst part...  The "potatoes" we're green, and mushy. Home fries are supposed to be chopped potatoes of the potato color with a delightfully crispy outside. They were clearly boiled and then maybe attempted to be pan fried?  More about green potatoes: www.nytimes.com/2007/07/03/health/nutrition/03real.html?_r=0  My daughter ordered pancakes. Pretty sure they were biscuick, though I have no proof so it may or may not be so. Either way they weren't the best, or the worst.  Lastly, the music.  They were listening to a Christian radio station. It was blatant. I couldn't handle it, I'm sure others will disagree and that's fine. Everyone has the right to their religion and to go where they please.  These are just the reasons I won't go back here with my family.
4 Service was excellent and food was great too. Pricing was decent but seating is limited so first come first served.
4 I had a little extra time before going to work so I finally came back to Mark's Cafe and ate breakfast at the restaurant.  This time I had the chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, home fries and an English muffin.  A very hearty breakfast the chicken fried steak was juicy and had a nice crispy coating even with the gravy on it.  The country gravy is very tasty.  Real bits of ham and very flavorful.  I came on a Friday right when it opened and got seated right away.  My food came fast and the waitress made sure to keep our drinks full.  Mark (and I believe his wife, the waitress) thanked us for having breakfast there and wished us a good day.  I love little spots like this and I will try their lunch menu next.
4 Had some time before the hubby had to be at work so we went to Mark's and this time, we were able to eat there. The first time, we got it to go and I picked it up.   Small, quaint place a downhome feel to it. There are 10 tables in the restaurant. The waitress was very friendly and did a great job of keeping our drinks filled and brought things out in record time. Fast service!   I had the Biscuits & Gravy with a side of sunny-side up eggs and some bacon. Very good, very tasty, so yummy! I will definitely order that again! Next visit, it's the lunch menu we'll be trying!
4 Love visiting and supporting a local family owned restaurant. =) The staff is always very welcoming and friendly. =) My daughter LOVES their fruit cup, and it is so much better than the typical fruit cup.  Their eggs Benedict have to be my favorite, with the CA Benedict probably my most favorite. Yum!
3 While I've eaten here in the past and the traditional Eggs Benedict was fabulous, today I decided to try the Southwestern version which comes with chorizo instead of ham. The spicy chorizo completely overpowered the rest of the plate, drowning out the flavors of the eggs and hollandaise. I will certainly not order that dish again, but rather go back to the traditional version.  The service was just ok, not especially friendly, but our drinks were kept filled. Make sure that if you eat here you have time to wait for your food because it is also not fast.  ~JS
5 My wife and I stopped into Mark's Cafe today for breakfast.  My wife had the 3 egg chorizo plate and I had the bacon and egg frittata.  I loved my meal and so did my wife.  It came out fast, hot and fresh.   We both ordered sides of bacon and they were  also fantastic.  The coffee was very good which is a huge part of an enjoyable breakfast in my opinion.  We tried both reg and decaf.    This place is a small little restaurant in a corner space in a shopping plaza.  It is clean and family oriented.  Mark's isn't a fancy place but it's not trying to be.  It's a small cafe serving excellent food at fair prices.  If you're looking for a good breakfast in a comfortable environment then this place should not disappoint.    In today's world of big chains and "take a number" mentality, it's nice to eat at a place that not only serves excellent food but does so with the care and attention that let's you know that your patronage is valued.  Before we left we had an opportunity to speak with both the owner (Mark) and his daughter.  Very pleasant, caring and genuine people who are committed to their business and the quality of their food and service.    Folks, this place just had their 10 year anniversary.  In the restaurant business you don't make 10 years if you're not doing something right.   We will be back and we will be recommending this place to friends and family as well.  PS - We enjoyed the music.  Nice to have the positive encouragement being conveyed through the music being played.
4 Had lunch at Mark's today.  It feels like something right out of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.  Great food, low key atmosphere, friendly service.  I ordered the Black Forest hot sandwich and it was excellent!  Roast beef with swiss, Russian dressing, grilled tomato, and bacon on rye.  The bread was griddled just like a good hot sandwich should be.  Nice and buttery.  I loved their french fries with the skins on.   Great little neighborhood joint for breakfast and lunch.
4 I love breakfast and refused to go to the local Denny's for a brunch date. I looked up alternatives and found Mark's Cafe. I decided to spurge and got a plate of gargantuan pancakes! Never have I been so happy to see so many carbs. But it was worth it.   This cafe is a smaller and more intimate establishment. The food came out quickly and I felt our waitress was very attentive. At the end, we even thanked Mark, the chef for his delicious meal!
5 I had breakfast with 11 other people here for the first time and we were completely blown away.  The service was spot on and my Scottish Eggs Benedict was amazing.  Everyone's food came out promptly and the server was very friendly and accommodating!  Everyone in my party raved about their food and asked if we could make breakfast at Mark's a regular thing.  We'll definitely be back soon!
5 The Mexican style wrap was prepared and displayed well and it tasted fantastic. They're gravy is delicious, coffee mediocre, but drinkable and the waitress had to be the nicest most comical person I've ever been in contact with at a restaurant. Next time I'll try the chicken and waffles, the waitress took us on a "visual journey" to see them and ended the conversation with, "they taste so good make you want to slap yo mama!"
5 While you won't find Mark's cafe on a "best of breakfast" list don't let that detour you.  They must not have eaten here because the Scottish Eggs Benedict with salmon and hollandaise sauce was amazing. Much better than some upscale places I've been to over the years.  Definitely worth your time and will impress!
5 Mark is a classically-trained Master Chef who trained in the same class as Emeril.  You will not believe what he does at his menu's price point.  Tiny little café with 9 tables--if you blink, you'll miss it.  Family-run establishment with great, friendly service and DELICIOUS home-made goodies.  Their muffins will make you cry with pleasure.  Waffles are awesome, particularly when part of their fried chicken with sausage gravy plate.  Their extensive selection of Eggs Benedict may be the best we've ever had.  Lots of East Coast/New England delicious fare.  Truly a pleasure to dine here--a well-priced gem with incredible food prepared by a Master Chef.  You will really enjoy yourself!
4 Breakfast!  At many different places, you can find delicious french toast, huge, thick pancakes, and the requisite bacon, ham or eggs.  Every place worth their salt has something unique that you won't find anywhere else in the same way--it's the thing that puts them on the map foodwise.  Here, it's the different kinds of Eggs Benedict.  This place has two things going for it that makes it different from the other spots around:  1. It's not a chain--it's a family business.  The term "Mark's Cafe" means just that--he's an executive chef with well over 20 years in the biz.  He not only supports his family with this restaurant, but his daughter is also the waitress.  2. The staff is extremely friendly, and there isn't the distance that you often feel at other restaurants.  Plus, the food has a personal touch that you can taste in every bite.  So sure, if I am in the mood for T.C. Eggington's pancakes or French Toast, I'll go there--knowing that I'm also going to get a big, packed, noisy restaurant with Stepford waitresses.  If I want some of U.S. Egg's food, I'll go there and deal with the vibe that comes with them.  However, if I just want to relax, and have a quiet, tasty breakfast with my wife, then I'll come to Mark's.  It's a really tranquil place to go and and have a carefree bite to eat.  Mark is undoubtedly an Elton John fan--one of the t-shirts you can buy here has the writing, "B - B - B - Bene and the Chef!"  It's a reference to the Eggs Benedict dishes--usually has that song going through my head for hours after leaving.  If you don't get the joke, you're probably a bit younger than I am.  I recommend the biscuits and gravy--a bit spicier than some I've had--quite nice.  Marks' Cafe is just a nice place to experience.  If you haven't eaten there yet, they should go on your short list.  Looking to have brunch with the wife/hubby?  I got a great spot for ya here.
4 What a great family owned breakfast spot.  We are always searching for new mom chain restaurants,  and this is a place we will revisit!  Food was amazing.  I had the chorizo waffle.  Sounds odd,  I know.  It was heaven. Shredded cheese,  sour cream,  pico. So fantastic. Hubby ordered the corned beef and eggs. He really enjoyed them.  We shared biscuits and gravy which were fabulous.    The server was friendly and i enjoyed Mark's singing from the window!    Love this place!
5 Small lite cafe in a strip mall, put the decor aside and go in and enjoy the wonderful food and generous portions.  Eggs Benedict is the house specialty.  Good old school breakfast that also is open for lunch.
2 Mark's Cafe, overall, is good but it's not great.  The wait wasn't so bad, hospitality is positive, service is okay, food is good, water seems like unfiltered tap, and table cleanliness was questionable. I like the location.  Parking isn't such a challenge, atmosphere is simple, dining area wasn't overly crowded. Staff greeted us very positively and made us feel welcome. We waited for a table to be cleaned once a party left and were then allowed seat ourself. Menu has a promising selection but seems a tad overpriced.  I didn't realize the going rate was $2.45 for a fountain soda.  I'll stick with water. Had to wait for server to take our order, and it was a bit of a wait for our food to make it to our table as well.  Wait would have been less of an issue IF our food had all come out together.   The potatoes had a bit too much herbs and spices for our morning palate I guess.  They entree itself was tasty.  It's Sunday, first I heard Christmas music but then the Christmas music seemed to transition into Christian music. Christian music I guess is not a problem on a Sunday but I guess this occurs every day of the week there. Overall it was okay but the reviews lead me to believe it was much more. May go back but no huge draw.
5 You would miss this place if you weren't looking for it as it is nestled away in a corner, but definitely glad I was looking for it! The staff is extremely pleasant, on top of things, filling coffee as needed an offered suggestions when ordering as a first timer. I had the California eggs Benedict. A buttery croissant topped with smoked salmon, sautéed spinach, avocado, tomato, two poached eggs and their spicy hollandaise sauce. Perfection. Or, as the waitress suggested "life changing". I also had a pumpkin muffin to start which was grilled adding a crunchy,  caramelized awesomeness. I will definitely be back and will bring some friends to tackle the raspberry French toast.
5 Diamond in the rough. This was our first time to Mark's, it won't be out last. We came for breakfast based on a recommendation we were NOT disappointed at all. The service was friendly and always with a smile. We were invited to sit wherever we liked and immediately were brought water. The eggs were cooked and seasoned perfectly, the most amazing part of breakfast was the pancakes. They were huge, airy and cooked all the way though. They had amazing flavor and really hit the spot. This little cafe in Tempe is a place that should not be missed.
5 I've never written a yelp review until now specifically because I had such a great experience at marks! I live in San Diego and went while visiting for Christmas. The food was so delicious, i got biscuits and gravy and a country fried steak- so good. Not to mention, the service was awesome! everyone was so unbelievably nice and our waitress was cracking us up the whole time. Thanks so much for the experience guys, you da bomb.
5 Friendly family environment, I eat alone a lot and they let me sit and read my book and enjoy coffee before my meal.  I can only speak to the breakfast items and have loved everything I have eaten here.  I do love a good hollandaise sauce and Mark makes a few good ones.  Also, the eggs are cooked perfectly!  It is always clean and usually busy, but that busy never interferes in the awesome attitudes of the whole staff.  Thank you Mark's for being a class act!
5 Went for lunch with my GF. Super-friendly (but not pushy) service, and good, simple food. Had the mulligatawny soup and the grilled chicken sandwich. Both very flavorful, served very hot. Bread for the sandwich was perfectly toasted.  If you just want lunch, and don't care if it's overly fancy, this is the place to go. Tasty food and a great all-around experience.
2 So, my husband and I tried this place out today, and we were less than impressed.  Pros- the food was good, I have to admit, very good.  Cons-  1 The service was terrible. We had to ask for a refill on the coffee, like get up and walk over and ask for it, they would offer or ask if you needed anything, and then not bring it to you. Ketchup, more coffee, a box. They also did not bring the change back when we paid the tab. I have been a server, and I know that you should never ever assume that the change is all yours.  2 It was over priced, why over priced especially for breakfast, over $30 for 2 people. Food was not that good, the coffee was standard dinner.   I won't be back, mostly because of the cost and poor service, I would have enjoyed myself more cooking it myself.
4 good breakfast
4 Based on Yelp reviews we stopped by and checked this spot out. The portions were big and the food was cooked to protection. The service was spectacular or I would have given it 5 starts. Our drinks were empty half of our breakfast and it took them 10 minutes to cash us out. I would go again to try something else on the menu for sure.
3 I love the food here, but the wait service is super slow!!! Like said the food is great, but have to give it a 3 bc of the service. I especially love their omelets
3 I was in the mood to give my $$$$ and support a local establishment so I found Mark's here at Yelp. I went very early one morning and was the only person there. After looking at the menu since this was my first time I played it safe and ordered the pancakes.  The pancakes were HUGE. In fact, they covered the entire plate (see picture). The eggs were good and the bacon was extra crispy.   The pancakes didn't have a taste or flavor at all. It was like eating typing paper with syrup. The eggs were really good and the bacon wasn't bad.  All and all I think I'll go back again, but I won't order the pancakes. I'll probably try something else. In looking at the other pictures here I'll probably do an omelet or something,   I believe in local businesses and think they deserve another chance.
3 Service is good. Was kind of hard to find bc it's located in a strip mall facing rural north of Guadalupe. Food portions are huge but taste wise just ok. I had the everything omelet and hubby had the Scottish eggs Benedict. The Benedict sauce was good but bread a bit tough. Omelet was just ok w home fries and English muffin.
5 We love finding rests rants that are hidden gems! So my best friend and I decided to try this place out!! They have an indoor and outdoor dining area, the indoor area is kinda small but feel homey feel. They were a little busy at 930AM when we went and only had one server so it took about 20 minutes to order. The food however.... Was amazing!!! I have the Raspberry French Toast and my friend has some kind of Spinch, Tomatoe and Oregano Fritata! I will defiantly eat there again, regardless of wait time! The staff was also very friendly and personable!
5 This is my 3rd visit here. It is our favorite Sunday breakfast spot! It's a tiny corner cafe in a strip mall. Pretty nondescript (these are usually the best places)... Seats about 40 people inside and 12 on the patio. Skipping to the good stuff, the food!!!! I've not had anything here I didn't like! The pancakes are the size of hub caps, coffee is bottomless, service is very friendly and accommodating! If you like eggs Benedict, I highly recommend the French! It has prosciutto ham over a fresh croissant, topped with hollandaise sauce. Ask for the spicy hollandaise to give it an extra bit of a kick;) If you like scrambles/skillets get the kielbasa scramble.  Get there early, there is usually a wait by 11am!
5 Sever Amber is the official "taste bud whisperer!" Ask her when you are stumped about what to order. Also Chef Mark will customize your meal if you have a preference or food allergy. Love that he's so flexible!
3 Like other reviewers, I found the staff to be friendly and efficient.  The restaurant itself was clean and pleasant...although I could have done without the bible quote written along side the daily specials and the "have a blessed day" upon leaving.    They had a few portable tables and chairs set-up outside but I'm not sure why they had the ketchup and strawberry preserves sitting on the tables in direct sunlight...this is Arizona...in the summertime...think food poisoning?    My friend ordered the corn beef hash breakfast to which he said it tasted like canned corn beef.  I, on the hand, ordered the chicken fried steak....hmm.  In full disclosure, I ate everything on my plate as did my friend; however, by no way is that an endorsement for how great the food was because it wasn't...the food was just ok.  My eggs were great...the potatoes were bland (sprinkling parsley over top seems outdated and didn't add anything to the plate)...the chicken fried steak was serviceable and the gravy was ok - it lacked pepper and was too thin for my taste.  The best part of the meal was the English muffin with the strawberry preserves...yummy!  I  enjoy supporting local businesses and this business is obviously doing something right since they've been in business for the past 11 years.  I'm glad I went and I wish I could say that I can't wait to get back but for now all I can say is, "Been there.  Done that.  Next."
