5 still not sure what's up with the name change (not that java detour was a stroke of copywriting genius or anything), but this place is still serving excellent coffee at a reasonable price. the baristas are all genuinely lovely people, and they're quick to boot. as a person who can't get her ass out the door on time to save her life, I  looove that there's a drive-thru. MOKA is awesome.
5 Stacey (manager) was actually the person that helped me when I pulled into the drive thru...super convenient location and even more amazing that they had a drive thru After talking over the options with Stacey...I decided on an iced jamaican coffe with a free shot...it has hints of maple syrup and with almond milk it was the perfect afternoon quencher and caffeine jolt that I needed and was craving... Thanks for the help Stacey!
4 Updated review,   One of the spots I like to get coffee, again!  After an unfortunate customer service experience both my husband and I experienced, Moka reached out to us to apologize.  I love it when a business goes above and beyond to show appreciation for their customers, regardless of one staff member.  There are so many options to choose from so they surely have something to please everyone.  The prices are also decent enough that you can order a few extra coffee to treat those you might be on your way to see.   It's also really convenient that they have breads and muffins which are also really tasty.  I try to get something different every time I go, and I have enjoyed every single cup.  Service has been awesome and we are glad once again to have Moka back in our lives!
5 This coffee shop is fantastic.  I have been a customer for years.  They are at least twice as fast as other coffee shops and the customer service is top notch.  The reason I kept coming back when I originally found this place was the smiling faces and how well I was treated.  I can't say enough about Moka or their friendly staff.
4 Decent prices, customer service @ the drive-thru was excellent, and my green tea latte was so tasty!!
4 Always friendly staff, Great coffee. My favorite is the Jamaican. And their Moka energy bars are ridiculous! delicious and filling. One of my favorite stops when I get off the freeway on my commute to Madison.  I'll update to 5 stars when I try more items at the 5 star level but until then they are doing a great job.
5 This place was fantastic! My husband and I discovered it on a weekend trip to Madison and will be sure to go back the next time we come to town. The service is extremely friendly and personable and the coffee is great! Everything on the menu is fairly priced and the staff makes friendly chit chat while you wait for your drinks. The only downside was that I didn't have enough time in town to try out all of the fantastic menu items.
5 This is the friendliest place to get coffee in Madison! Very knowledgeable and cheerful staff, who make my morning trek to work so pleasant. Try their Jamaican - either iced or hot. It is delicious.   Prices are reasonable, service is prompt, and they add cute little themed stickers to the containers. (I know this may sound silly, but this is the kind of playfulness that means a lot when you are facing a busy day ahead!)
4 Love that you can drive through for your coffee.  Quick and efficient.  I enjoy the jamaican.  Yum.   It would be 5 stars if I got the correct order every single time.  I was disappointed to find the wrong order when I had already gotten to work : (    Definitely worth the coffee, expecially if you are on your way to work.  PLUS they offer local treats.  I like the Madison Sourdough baked goods!
5 I've driven past this place a million times & I'm so glad I finally stopped! The coffee was great, the service was excellent - the server chatted with me while my order was being prepared! (how often do you get that at a drive-thru?) Moka understands good customer service is key & I wish more companies would follow their example!
4 Great décor/atmosphere in here.  Very nice service.  Great options: peanut butter coffee??? really??? wow! this place rocks.  Oreo chocolate shake? you betcha.  And, yes, I did order a black Jamaican (a.k.a. coffee with a subtle hint of maple syrup - it was pretty much black coffee, but yum!)  I'd for sure recommend Moka!  They even have a drive-thru!
5 The staff and coffee are far better then anywhere else I have been! Love them!  AND they are originally from my hometown! La Crosse.
4 Nice quick place to pick up drinks. The caffeinated drinks are so good! I wish we had a Moka where I live. I would go back each time I visit Madison. The service is good. Quick as well.
5 I wanted a good iced coffee on a quiet Sunday morning, and I wanted it to be drive-thru so that I wouldn't have to haul my kid out of the car, and I got exactly what I wanted. The fact that staff step outside to take your order while you're in line is interesting and a little endearing. It's much more personal than speaking into a crackly intercom box, for sure. While here, I was also able to score a half-shot mocha made with almond milk for my gracious host, which she really appreciated since almond milk isn't offered at all coffeeshops. I will be coming back!
4 Stopped by for the first time to get my caffeine fix after having driven past for this place for two years.  Someone came outside to get our order started while we waited in the drive thru, which resulted in fast service and probably the best tasting iced Chai tea latte I've ever ordered. It was a little pricey, in my opinion... $4.06 for a medium.   But nice job Moka.  Better than I had expected for sure.
5 The coffee is very good but best of all are the folks working here. Every time I go they're fun and friendly and picking up a fast cup always brightens my day. They have a good variety of drinks as well so you can get pretty much any coffee you like.
5 I love Moka. The drinks are consistently good. The prices are competitive. The staff are always friendly and the double drive through makes for a quicker trip. I love both locations but live nearest to the East Wash location. Glad to have a cafe on each side of town!  I appreciate the small talk while waiting for my drink to be made. Moka is its own little bubble of happy in the middle of a very hectic work day.
5 The concept of drive-through anything- let alone drive-through EVERYTHING- was foreign to this recent NYC transplant. After six months, now, I can confidently say I am a devout convert to this lifestyle. Moka has played an integral part in my drive-through enligtenment.  Firstly: I have crushes on legit every. barista. here. They've all got a magical little twinkle in their eyes (though perhaps that's the look of someone strung the hell out on caffeine? But I'm leaning towards twinkle-magic) and are always quick to welcome you with a smile. They are engaging and upbeat and refreshingly genuine in their personhood -- vs. no-personality-Robot-Baristas found elsewhere.  I love each of them and want to marry them all. Their coffee & drinks could be complete shit and I would still continue to go there daily.  Fortunately, their coffee & drinks are the bee's knees. Scrumptious as hell. They have soy milk AND almond milk, and neither are of the yucko cheap brand variety; this ish is the real deal. Wait-time for drink prep is negligable-- ideal for the days (everyday?) you are running crazy late and rushed.   Though sometimes my drink comes out TOO fast and interrupts my clumsy attempts at flirting w/ crushable baristas, forever thwarting the potential for numbers exchanged/dates gone on/soulmates connected/happily ever afters. BUT: at the end of it all, I've still got a really tasty drink to enjoy-- and there's always tomorrow!
4 Aside from the few friends I have who work else where, Moka has the best staff as far as coffee shops go. They're so nice! Good job hiring some of the best people in the city!  Ok, so I have to mention this tiny thing that is probably insignificant to most people. They put a cutesy little sticker on the hole of your lid every single time. They change them frequently and have a small variety at any given time. They are so adorable. I have no idea why it makes me so happy, but it does. I love randomly sticking them places. I had a peppermint one from the holiday season stuck on the pack of my boyfriend's pillow until a month or so ago.  Anyway, me being weird aside, their coffee is pretty good. There's some taste to it that makes me not like it as much as other people's, but it isn't enough to deter me. I just can't have it a lot in a short period of time. On the plus side, the frequently change up their specialty flavors. I love trying new ones. I've yet to have a bad one.   Their prices aren't bad either. At least not compared to other stores. They also offer HUGE sizes which is fantastic for road trips. I can get a giant coffee and it'll last me a few hours. It's great.
5 I am lucky to work in a neighborhood that has some great coffee shops but I will drive several blocks out of my way for Moka! I love there Jamaican coffee. The service is always great and the drive through makes it easier in the morning rush to work. Great place!
