1 I was transferred from a previous pool company who was downsizing their customers to Aqua Shine. The second week of service they were a no show. At one point one of the pool guys left my vacuum out of the pool disassembled. I called to see why because there was no communication to me and eventually (~4 days later) it was fixed and put back in the pool. They weren't scrubbing my pool to the point there was tree debris still sitting on my steps the day they "serviced" my pool while the pump was running. From my perspective, all I could tell they did do was add chemicals and turn on the pump. I had to take them to BBB because they wanted to charge me for an algae treatment (from the debris they left in my pool all the time...) that I believed they owed me for the lack of service to my pool. Brandon is rude in his interactions over the phone when he isn't getting his way. Steve will be nice to you on the phone but then twist his and your words when it comes to communicating with the BBB. I DO NOT recommend going with this pool company. So many fish in the sea when it comes to pool companies in Phoenix!
5 My grandmother has a pool that she struggles to maintain all on her own so I took it upon myself to find a reputable pool service company that I could trust to take care of her pool.  I found Aqua Shine Pool Services through friends who ensured me that they were 100% trustworthy and very reasonably priced as well!  Right off the bat I have nothing but good to say about them, they are always on time, very respectful of the fact that my grandmother lives alone, and send the same technician, rather than different people every time.    The pool was in really bad shape when they began servicing it and in two weeks it was able to be swam in again.  The have always maintained more than just the water condition too... If they notice leaks out of joints or caps on the pump they inspect it and either replace gaskets and o-rings or recommend service.  I truly believe they know what they are doing and I have no doubts that they will continue to serve her honestly and thoroughly in the years to come!
5 Used aqua shine for "pool school" and got a lot of great information from Brandon. He answered all our questions and did a great job teaching us how to maintain our pool. Will be contacting him again when it comes time to make repairs or do larger maintenance jobs.
4 Found them through Angie's List and have been SO INCREDIBLY happy with their service.  They are more expensive than the last three services I have used, which is the only reason they don't have a fifth star, but my pool has NEVER looked cleaner, and the online updates/billing are super great.
1 Terrible.  Never return calls. Never fix anything. Take your stuff.  Enough said. There are way too many pool services in the area to put up with incompetence.
5 THE BEST POOL SERVICE EVER. Run by a family and super responsible, nice people. I've had the same guy, Jeremy for a while and Tanner before that, both incredibly responsible. AWESOME place and number one on Angie's list, don't know why everyone didn't get them 5 stars, they are awesome!
