4 Ladies and gentlemen, we have a new player in town. Welcome, Kim's Mini Meals, you are a fine addition to the culinary delights of this old town. Unlike Shilla, your prices are pretty reasonable, and when asked to convert my dolsot bibimbap from meat-based to not, not only did you do it, but you checked to see if I would eat an egg or not. Your kimchi jeon was crunchy and flavourful, with little grease, although I would have preferred a wee dipping sauce to go with it, it did stand on its own. Dolsot didn't give me my craven crunchy bits and as the sauces were already added I didn't get to make choice on the level of spice, but it was good and full of vegetables.   In my limited experience, Korean restaurants present you with some wee amuse bouche type things - here was fried anchovies, marinaded courgettes, KIM CHEE (take that Shilla and your charging to have that on top!), and some spiced aubergine. You would be perfect if that honeyed potato was included, but I pick, I pick. That, and the potato soup to start were tasty and the price at the end was incredibly reasonable.   Service was a little slow to start, but picked up quite rapidly after, with us barely finishing the kimchi jeon before beef bulgogi and my bibimbap appeared. Could do with a little more pacing. I would also argue that the menu is quite small (and why so much spam!) but flexibility helps broaden that out!  But overall, I am extremely happy with Kim's Mini Meals - it's tiny, but lovely.
5 So the secret is finally out!- I was wondering when a yelper would discover this little gem and it's time has come :)    I came here in October of last year when Kim's had just opened- they are absolutely lovely here and even gave us a few extra dishes since we were newbies to Korean food and they were newbies in Edinburgh. They take proud in their food, everything is home cooked and if you do decide to divulge in this small establishment I strongly recommend you book in advance ! They even often less hot dishes for the weaker ones like myself.  Definitely a must!
5 Even before my half Korean friend and I came to study abroad in Edinburgh, we were ranting about how much we would miss Korean food. There is a minuscule Korean population in Edinburgh, and we were dreading the fact that our moms would not be able to make delicious homemade meals for us.  The first time I heard about Kim's Mini Meals was through my Director of Studies at the University of Edinburgh. He is Chinese and has never tried Kim's himself, but proceeded to tell me how he's only heard good things about Kim's and even printed out a map with directions for me during our meeting.  At that time my friend and I were Edinburgh newbies, so we got pretty lost trying to find this little place. However, after being there once it was very easy to find the next times. We went around 6pm for dinner, and we happily saw many other Koreans at the restaurant. It is quite small, with only maybe 4 tables, but it is super cute and homey. Larger parties need reservations, which you can easily make by calling Kim's. The restaurant is owned by a husband a wife, and they are the cutest little Korean couple. I definitely felt at home, and even spoke to them in Korean. I ordered Dol Sot Bibimbap (rice, beef, vegetables, and an egg in a hot stone pot), and it was more than heavenly, just like my mom cooks it at home. My friend got the regular Bibimbap, and we also ordered Haemul Pajeon (Korean seafood pancake type dish). They also served us free soup and banchan (side dishes that typically come with Korean meals). I cannot tell you how much we enjoyed our meals! We were ecstatic to have found such a delicious restaurant on our first try. When our parents visit Edinburgh, we are definitely bringing them to Kim's.
5 Oh, hello there. Mouthgasm.   Had a wee lunch here today and I have to say, this is absolutely amazing food. Not only is the staff superbly friendly and endearing, they're also incredibly helpful.  ... Although I guess having two tall (very tall) blond blue-eyed Dutchies walk in kinda betrayed the secret that we were -in fact- not Korean. I've never felt quite that tall before.  Right-o onwards with the food: I had the Scottish beef dish, which I forgot the name of but only because it was so splawesome that I couldn't remember my conversational skills while I was eating it. I could only think about the beef and when it would be polite to take another bite. He had the stone-pot which looked amazing, but was a wee bit spicy for me. Keep in mind, if you're not that good with spicy (I'm not) ask before hand, and when in doubt, get the Scottish beef. It's just .. well .. it's now a full 10 hours later and I still can't think up a good description. THAT's how good it was.  Did I mention this is ridiculously cheap as well? And that they have Delfts blue clogs and Van Gogh pictures hanging about? I didn't?   Well what are you looking at me for? Don't take my word for it, go check it out for yourself!
5 SO DAMN GOOD I FORGOT TO CHECK IN ON YELP. EVERYTHING YOU'VE HEARD IS TRUE!!  We had the :  * Jeon with seafood - Korean pancake with seafood - was yumyum.  * Dolsot Bibimbap - but of course! :) Had the option to have non-spicy or spicy. When the owner saw my enthusiasm for spicy he gave me the option to bump it up to extra-spicy however due to my fellow dining guest (we were sharing) I opted for spicy only. Next time I think I would go extra spicy because I like it HOT!  * Ddeokbokki - rice cakes and fish cakes in a spicy sauce. Nice and spicy  * Chicken Bulgogi - Chicken Korean BBQ. :) Very nice, I would probably try the pork and squid Bulgogi next.. although wanted white meat to balance out the beef of the Bimbimbap.  All dishes were fantastic. No other words to describe it.  Service impeccable, from the picture menus at ordering (includiing a step-by-step three picture description of how the dish is cooked), to preparing us an alternate type of tea ("eye cleasing tea" instead of the usual Korean Brown Rice tea) for post-food drinkies.  Owner was very friendly and responsive throughout.  Do it.do it.do it. I'll see you there.   As a plus, no chips on menu too :p
5 Bimbimbap!! There are now two reasons I love it. Not only is it possibly the best word to say out loud, but it turns out it's an amazingly tasty, pretty healthy, veg-packed dish that gives me the biggest food hug I've had in a long time. Like one of those squeezy, bear hugs by someone who's at least a good 5 inches taller than you and is wearing a big wooly jumper. Proper food love.  And Mum (as she's called on the menu), or sorry Mrs Kim - the chef of Kim's Mini Meals - certainly makes her food with love; home-cooked love, and pride. Which is clearly displayed through her husband, the front-of-house / friendly Uncle-type person who made our meal all the more entertaining, fun and love-filled.  Explaining to us that Kim's opened because Kim herself was so in demand with her friends, and her son's friends, to cook amazing Korean food that she thought she may as well open a wee restaurant. And it feels like an extension of Kim and Mr. Kim's own home - in the best way possible.  It's small inside, so do book ahead. Also worth noting they don't take card payments. Mr. Kim will greet you at the door and show you to a wee seat (or large table of 12 as we were). Proferring appetisers on kitsch china plates with warnings of "Don't break these! They're expensive!" (in the most adorable, tongue-in-cheek way possible), with beautiful hand-sewn chop stick holders, mismatched china (expensive) croquery and doily table cloths, and classical music in the background, with the sound of sizzling and delightful smells drifting from the nearby kitchen it's a dining experience like no other I've had in Edinburgh.  As to the food itself? Oh my, yes please. This was my first taste of Korean food and one I thoroughly enjoyed. Mr. Kim explained to us each dish, and as Ben mentions in his review, there are two menus to browse. One with a written description of each dish, and a step-by-step photo album of each dish so you can see all the ingredients before, during and the finished product. As someone who likes to cook, and frequently asks exactly what is in dishes out of curiosity, I loved this!  We shared a range of all the appetisers so I think it's safe to say I've tried them all? The rice cake in the hot pepper spicy sauce was interesting, unusual texture that I really enjoyed, and of course the spicy red pepper sauce was perfect for my spice-fiend tastebuds. The other pancakes were nice, although not what I'd normally order. The egg one was like an omlette, and the fish one in potato like a giant fritter. But quality-wise, very fresh.  For mains. BIMBIMBAP TIME!! I had the Bimbimbap (who knew?) but rather than with the traditional Scottish beef mince, I requested pork and prawns. Not a problem. And no egg. Also not a problem. As all the other reviewers have said, the food is just wonderful. So fresh, it came presented in a steaming, sizzling hot pot all the ingredients laid out neatly, and Mr Kim showed us how to stir it all in together. I LOVE the hot red pepper sauce. Would have had more if I could. It was a hefty portion too and greedy-gannit that I am, I finished it all. Every last piece of rice.  There's only one dessert on the menu, rice cakes, ours was flavoured with chocolate. The texture is more like turkish delight. It was fine, although after all the starters, complimentary soup and sides (that come with every main) and my huge Bimbimbap, I was more than full.  What else can I say about Kim's, Mrs Kim herself, Mr. Kim and their son who served us? Wonderful family, wonderful family-run restaurant, delicious food, service with not only a smile but a story, humour and dare I say pizzazz? (That word, like Bimbimbap, is underused I'd say).  Oh, it turns out I'm not such a huge fan of kimchi (pickled cabbage). But that's personal taste. The little plates of food for the sides were delightful. And I love that they also unashamedly advertise one dish as made with 'hotdog pork and spam'. Queue Monty Pithon song.....SPAM, WONDERFUL SPAM, Sp-a-a-a-a-a-m.  I should also mention that's it really quite cheap! We had starters, sides, soup, mains, dessert and tea and it came to £17 a head. I was overwhelmed by the amount of food. Many small plates a large feast make! Particularly good value at lunch time.  A dining experience like no other in Edinburgh, delicious Korean food. Read all the other reviews, look at all those other 5 stars, go with good humour and enjoy!
4 I visited Kim's Mini Meals with my Total Food Geeks chums, including the lovely Jenny L. We sampled just about everything they had on the menu, and some extra bits and pieces, too. For me, there were as many misses as hits, and none of the hits was a knockout blow.   Overall, we said: "I admired it more than I liked it. My fellow Geeks took to it with unabashed adoration, but it lacked a real "killer dish" or "killer flavour" to hook me in. It's a place I'd happily recommend for others to go and try. I'd take people there who were keen to try something a little different. But I can't say it's particularly high on my own personal list of places for a repeat visit."  Having said that, I have booked to go back with a group of work colleagues (mainly because one of them is named Kim ;-)), because I did like their schtick, the lovely china place settings, and the service, hence the four stars. I hope on my second visit the food thrills me a little more.
5 Perfect.   I don't have anything to say about this place.  Just go here. It's the greatest restaurant of our generation.
5 Phenomenal.  I haven't ventured further than the bulgogis (chicken, pork, and osam) but they have all been delicious.  This is the kind of place that you don't want to tell people about because it's small and the last thing you want to do is recommend the person that took the last table.  BUT finding it so hard to find that place in Edinburgh that is delicious, filling, and satisfying time and time again I have to spread the news about a place like this.
1 Really bad restaurant, or it can not be called a restaurant at all! Been there twice, waited for about half an hour every time for tables when there were clearly available ones! The last time I ordered hot pot pork ribs, the owner i believe had the hot soup almost pouring down to me legs. The food was just okish and the service was the worst! Try to avoid this restaurant ever since!!!
3 Kim's is one of those places I became interested in through Yelp reviews. And I will agree for the most part that they aren't wrong.  The quality of the food is high. In two visits I've sampled several dishes either directly or by pinching from fellow diners. Of the starters I've done no wrong; the Ddeokbokki (rice cake, fish cake and veg) amazingly spicy and full of flavour, and their range of jeon (pancakes) including potato and chillies, or spring onion and seafood have all been very tasty.  My first visit saw me try the Sundubu Jjigae, a spicy stew of tofu and pork meat which was flavoursome and plentiful if in need of a little more pork and little less tofu. Pork Bulgogi was the order of the day second time round and what a meal that was.  Family run, the Kims are very charming and helpful. Mr Kim does the rounds, looking after his guests with a personal touch. His son also does a great job waiting on us time after time.  The let downs for me are in the lack of options, the menu seeming to be padded out with a variety of the same dish, for example Bulgogi is listed four times on the menu (Osam, Chicken, Pork and Beef) where one listing with the various options subheaded would work fine. Same with the Jeon starters and the Jjigae mains. I know this is a small family business but would it hurt to put a few specials on each week to broaden our experience of Korean cuisine?  The other niggle for me are the prices. A main at lunch is around the £8-9 mark, wheras dinner is up around £12-13.  The latter is too much. The former more realistic and reasonable. This isn't fine dining, this is what the Kim's know and do best. There are no feats of gastronomy or luxurious surroundings to tempt us into splashing our cash. The produce hasn't been shipped in from some far off organic chicken farm or fishing bay. The Kim's keep things simple and small; their prices should reflect that. Even their corkage (£1.50 per bottle of beer) is over the odds.  I'll happily dine here again. The food and family are lovely. But I'll be trying the cheaper Korean restaurant across the road before I do.
5 STILL GREAT!  Hadn't been back for about a year however Mr Kim's son recognised me as being a repeat visitor. Stuffed my face full of bimbimBIMBIMBIMBAP, pork Bulgogi as well as the Tofu + Seafood stew for mains as well as the Ddeokbokki for starters (not to mention Kimchi and appetisers to further stretch my stomach to haggis-like proportions).  The Tofu and Seafood stew was awesome (if you can stand hot food)... the flavour of the seafood disseminates itself through the broth and tofu and is subtle yet tasty. Recommended.  Mr Kim couldn't say more than "Wow, wow, wow" when he realised my dining partner and I made our way through two bowls of rice, one appetizer and three mains. :D  Waddled off home content that everything is OK at Mr Kim's. :) BACK SOON.
5 I came here with a Korean friend last year, who said that this was very authentic. Unlike authentic Korean restaurants however, they cater very well for vegetarians. I had a kimchi soup with fried tofu. It was extremely spicy, filling and offered an extremely unique dining experience.   The presentation was also great, and the service was fast and efficient. They sometimes sell colourful cakes, though I haven't tried them. You need to book a table, or you won't be eating here any time soon!  Whilst some of the tastes were similar to those typical of Japanese cuisine, Korean food is livelier, spicier and dare I say it, tastier! I may have just been spoiled with this very good little restaurant though, which provides lovingly made meals with fresh ingredients and a lovely presentation. There is a 10% student discount too.
4 Whilst I'd order something next time (no idea why I stepped outside my comfort zone & went for a seafood dish) the overall experience here is very pleasant. Courteous, attentive & swift service, fantastic portion sizes of very well made dishes and an atmosphere of eating at your favourite granny's (if your granny's Korean). Booking's probably a good idea though as we were lucky to get a seat for dinner before the evening rush descended.
4 A small restaurant, but neat. And the servers are very cute. Nice Korean dishes here, with a fair price.
5 Amazingly delicious! We tried the rice cake (deokbokki) bibimbab, ramen, beef, chicken and squid bulgogi, and all of them were superb!!! Highly recommended if you want some authentic Korean food in when in Edinburgh
5 Speaking as a Korean, the food here is authentic and amazing. Sundubu jjigae (spicy tofu stew) cured my cold. It's just how my mum would cook food for my family back in Seoul- so good and nutritious! The owner is real friendly too. it's a family-run business  which adds a home-ly feel to the place. It has a photo album of each food with the ingredient for those of you who are not familiar with Korean food. I've been to many Korean places in different countries, and this place is one of the best.
4 Finally made it to Kim's Mini Meals for dinner last night and gotta say I am already planning a return visit. The place is tiny, so it definitely pays to book. When we left there were two groups standing out in the cold waiting for tables.  I loved that you get a soup to start (last night was pea soup, which I'm not normally a fan of but it was WELL tasty), then a selection of little bites.. kimchi, pancake, meatballs, pickled daikon and something else which I've forgotten were the offerings last night.  We shared a spring onion pancake as a starter, then followed it up with a bimbimbap for him and a spicy kimchi with tofu & seafood soup for me.. I was well enamoured by the purple rice I got with my soup (you also get one free refill of rice if you need, but I was happily full after the first bowl, tho you may need the second bowl if you decide to forgo a starter).. How much I enjoyed my dinner was evident by the fact that I drank every last drop of soup and left absolutely nothing in the pot..   Drinks wise.. we threw caution to the wind and tried the 'cinnamon punch', 'honey red ginseng' as well as the 'rice punch'.... The rice punch comes with rice in the bottom of the glass which was a bit weird.. even for me... the cinnamon punch was much better than expected and definitely worth a try, as is the honey red ginseng.. both were rather sweet tho.  The menu is pretty small compared to Shilla which is the other Korean option in Edinburgh, but I couldn't pick one over the other. I shall be spreading my love of Korean food between both places!
5 I was here with my family a few months ago during our holiday trip. We found it rated quite high on Yelp and thus decided to give it a try. And it was wayyyy better than we'd thought! We tried almost all of the menu, from the rice cake (ddeokbokki) to the beef, squid bulgogi and the noodle (ramyun), and all of them were marvellous! It's the best Korean food I've ever tried, better than many Korean restaurants I've been to in London to be honest! You should definitely come to this place when you're in Edinburgh
5 Loved this place! Mr Kim is so lovely and the food was fantastic. We started off with the kimchi pancake and jap chae. Both very generous portions as the menu told us already. Pancake was nice and crisp on the outside, my two year old son loved this. And the jap chae flavours were delicious. My main was the bimbimbap while my husband had the pork bulgogi hotplate. Overall the food was excellent and we will definitely go back to this cosy little place.
4 Went here last night after reading glowing reviews on Yelp and I wasn't disappointed.  The restaurant is very cosy, shall we say, and my two friends (both of whom aren't what you would call petite) had to fight our way into the corner which made things  tight but maneagable. We had fried tofu to start with between the three of us (the starters are all large) .There were four big pieces of tofu sitting in a sweet soy sauce covered in fresh chopped veg, sesame seeds and chilli. The veg included tomato and cucumber which gave the plate a  freshness, while the raw chilli gave it spice and the sesame seeds a nice mellow nuttiness,the sweet soy sauce completed the picture. So far so good. Then came the mains, I'd gone for pork ribs as suggested by our waiter and again I was not disappointed. A large bubbling cauldron of loveliness was placed before me . The sauce was boiling violently and it was suggested by the waiter (this time unneccessarily) that it would not be wise to touch it! About 7 or 8 healthy sized pork ribs stuck out of the frothing morass like something out of 'The Flintstone's".  My friend had the vegetarian bibimbap, a Korean favourite, essentially    various chopped veg and a fried egg, on top of a bed of sticky rice, with a spicy, sweet sauce. My other friend had the pork bulgogi  which came with rice and lettuce. Mr Kim demonstrated how you use  the lettuce to wrap up the meat with a small amount of rice, like a small sushi roll.  The meat was covered completely in the sweet, slightly salty, spicy Korean sauce that seems to be a large part of the cuisine. Back to the ribs, I gingerly grasped one from the bubbling pot of hades with my chopsticks and brought it to my mouth, it was delicious. This is an oft' used cliche, but  the meat literally fell off the bone, it was so tender.The fat had almost completely melted away leaving a lovely silky richness and depth of flavour, yet there was still just enough texture and flakiness to give the meat some structure.  They were in  a sweet soy soup  and I finished it completely (there was a smattering of fresh mushrooms and sesame seed as well) and the rice was sticky and dry which made it easy to eat using chopsticks. We had 4 or 5 complimentary sides which is common in Korean restaurants including the obligatory Kimchi (spicy pickled cabbage), broccolli covered in spicy red sauce, cold sweet egg rolls, some sweet fish cakes (sort of rubbery but nice texture, again in spicy sauce) and some cucumber with spicy sauce.  Only two small issues,  one the small space  and secondly compared to other Korean restaurants I've been to the size and number of the complimentary sides was pretty small but this may have been due to the lack of space on the table. It was very reasonably priced, all the above came to only 41 pounds including corkage and  an adorable 'dessert' ,consisting of a strawberry and piece of sponge cake skewered on a cocktail fork! So in conclusion  I'd say, GO GET THEM THERE RIBS!! :-) It's wise to book in advance, particularly at the weekend.
