5 I simply cannot say enough good things about Angie Kelly and Peachy Keen Unions! THE standard in quality, value and professionalism! From the day we met Angie Kelly, she went above and beyond her duty. She paid attention and showed true interest in our relationship, in our story, and in our understanding of a meaningful wedding ceremony. She gave us suggestions and referrals and helped us to create a truly unique ceremony experience. If we could get married to each other every year, Angie Kelly would be our officiant every time! Thank you, Thank you, Thank you Angie!
5 5 stars isn't enough! I found Angie on the internet. I relied on the reviews and left the rest up to fate. Let me just say, "amazing!" Angie was professional, prompt, personable, and treated my husband and I as we were the first and only couple to marry.  We were married at Calico Basin and our photographer asked us if we'd be willing to take a bit of hike to the ceremony location. Angie was completely on board and hiked the dusty, rocky .5 mile - no complaints, in a suit, and with a smile! She filed our paperwork with the county and kept us posted along the way. As far as of officiating my ceremony - her words were so meaningful, loving, special, and memorable! She really speaks from the heart!  I recommend Angie without hesitation. She is fabulous!
5 Angie performed by daughter's ceremony and customized it to create the couple's dream ceremony.  She incorporated multiple family members and a hand fasting ceremony.  It was absolutely amazing.  We had a few small surprises for the couple in the ceremony and Angie worked directly with me to make them happen in addition to crafting the majority of the ceremony with my daughter.  I cannot even begin to express how beautiful the ceremony was.  There is no doubt in my mind that we will work with Angie again for the ceremony of my 2nd daughter... someday in the future.
5 We found Angie through our wedding planner.  She did a great job.  After booking her, Angie set up a skype meeting and talked to us for an hour to get a sense of us as a couple and our story.  She then had us complete a questionnaire to get specific stories and information to include in the ceremony.  Angie drafted a beautiful ceremony and let us read her script before she performed it to make sure that we were okay with everything.  Our guests loved the presentation Angie gave and raved about her all night.  Her ceremony was engaging, warm, funny, profound and special.  I highly recommend Angie to anyone.
