5 Awesome authentic Indian/Pakistani food.Very kind welcoming hosts, very affordable,do yourselves a favor and eat here!
5 Ive never been a huge fan of indian food. This place may have changed my mind. Dont be fooled by the location its alot nicer on the inside then it appears from the parking lot. The staff was really nice and the pricing was very reasonable. 4 entrees and 2 appetizers for 40 bucks. Ill be back for sure.
4 Really great food: the chicken tikka masala was spicy but not overpowering, and the meat was cooked perfectly. Lovely flavor! The mango lhassi was also quite delicious. The only downside was the wait. I had called ahead so the order would be ready, but when I showed up I still had to wait about 15 minutes. But they were really busy, which is a good sign, so maybe it evens out. I'm definitely going back!
5 I have been looking for an entire year for good Paki/Indian places to eat in the valley but this place is my new favorite place where I'll be driving 40min to eat good home made food. Let me tell you..it's even better than food you will have in Pakistan. Mixed grill and korma masala was amazing. I had 2 mango lassi's in one setting including the best chai. I say the wait is long but the food is worth it. Going back there again very soon....everyone who likes indo/Paki food should go to this place and forget places like Tandoori Times, India Best or even Bombay Spice.
5 Being an ASU student, I really love how close this place is to campus. It's open till 11 PM, too-- so I like to pick up food before/after study sessions and it works out really well. The food is amazing here-- much better than other Desi restaurants around the Valley. The staff is very amicable and polite, and will easily remember you when you come back again (once is never enough with a place like this). Prices are great, and the menu is surprisingly diverse for a place that prides itself on its curry. This restaurant's opening has been the best thing to happen to me at ASU.
4 Fast and friendly. Awesome soft garlic naan. I had the goat karahi and it was delicious. Looked like mom was in charge in the kitchen too. A lot of local indians dining in as well. A good sign. Big ole cup of steaming chai too. I'm hooked. Decore sucks but who cares? It's all about the food. I will return despite the 20 minute bus ride from my hotel.
4 One day after work  I decided to visit the Curry Corner with my friend, and I was a little skeptical to try the food because I have tried a lot of average Indian food, and I didn't want to have that experience again, but I noticed the food was Pakistani style.  Since I had chicken twice that day already, I wanted to order a beef dish. The guy at the counter told me that they were out of beef.  Then I decided to order the most popular dish the "Chicken Tikka Masala."      It was a different kind of Indian/Pakistani dish that I am used to. Usually these kind of dishes are heavy, but this dish was very light, but flavorful at the same time.  The Naan bread was different as well. It was a lot lighter and fluffier then the usual Naan bread; the rice was pretty good too.  We ended up paying about $10 bucks a person. I would like to pay a little toward the $7-$8 range for this kind of place because they don't serve you, but $10 is ok.   Overall I would recommend this place if you are looking for a change of pace when it comes to Indian/Pakistani food, and want something lighter, but flavorful at the same time.
4 I visited this place last night with a mate after otherwise unsuccessfully attempting to eat other places. I am glad, considering this place is great.  We shared a vegetarian thali and samosas. It came with yogurt, gobi aloo, masoor dal, palak paneer, chana masala, onion, rice in the centre, and naan on the side. We asked for extra naan. Their naan was quite fluffy and thick compared to other places that I have eaten from, or especially when compared to grocery market purchased naan. All of it was very flavourful. I was really impressed with the spices on the chick peas, especially. Their palak paneer was a very smooth combination of the paneer and spinach flavours. The gobi aloo's identity eluded me at first because i had trouble figuring out that the cauliflower on top was upside down. The spices did not overpower the buttery nature of the cauliflower and were well accented with potato. Neither of us are onion fans, and both of us prefer our yoghurt sweet, so we took no liking to those small sides, although they were obviously less important than the curries. The masoor dal had an appealing milkiness to it. Their samosas were extremely good, with no lack in filling. There was nothing above mild spiciness on our plate, which was of no consequence to either of us as everything was hugely savory.  As far as the eating environment inside, the place is quite small and it seems to be in an otherwise relatively suspicious lot. I found it cozy. They do not wait on you. The menu is right above the order window. They do bring out your food to you, so there is no need to pick it up. They will do take out. The staff are all very friendly. You serve yourself water from a small stand with cups and pitchers. The minimal decorations are pretty and not overbearing, although most of Curry Corner's atmosphere seems to come from its customers keeping the place busy.  I ordered mango lassi on the way out. It is thicker than most I have had and instead of being blended with ice, it has ice cubes in it to chill it, but it was still delicious. It also lasted overnight in the fridge and still tasted good the next day.
5 The Pakistani food is great. has that great home cooked taste to it...we tried the daal, gosht karahi, chicken pulao, chaana puri and veggie thali. it was amazing the service is great and food is well priced. Definitely made my last day in ARizona a happy one
5 Super tasty, love the cozy atmosphere, excellent and friendly service!  The naan was a bit thinner and crispier than some others, which I really dug.  We had a goat dish that was outstanding.  Nicely spiced.  Also had the non-vegetarian thali - two chicken curries (one with a bit of sour pickle taste that was very nice), daal, basmati rice and a little salad.  Quite inexpensive.  And I like the less-thick lassi with ice.
4 The mutter paneer was good. It was not the best I have ever had but good. I like this place, the prices are reasonable, the food is tasty and the people are nice. The naan that came with the meal was ok, next time I will have to order garlic naan. I will be back for sure.
1 This place is awful! The chicken tikka masala is not flavored and it tastes like the sauce is Campbell's tomato soup. The tikka masala fries were soggy and luke warm at best. The service was lacking, and the place wasn't even busy! I would drive the .2 miles to The Dhaba and never look back! Best of Phoenix 2011, yeah right!
1 This has to be the worst restaurant in terms of hygiene. Two of my friends had food -poisoning after having dinner here. The food is just unhealthy with tons of oil floating on the top of curries, and I am not sure if any health/hygiene code is followed here.  The service is poor and the information on its website is incorrect, the owner does not allow dine-in after 9 or 10 even though it says that the restaurant is open till 11.   One night I saw the owner cleaning the place without gloves and she was nice enough to give us a to-go parcel without cleaning her hands (great example to the servers!). I had a peek inside the kitchen when the door was ajar, and it definitely looked dirty.  I have been a lot of hole-in-the-wall places around this restaurant, including Haji Baba, the Vietnamese place and others, but neither any of my friends nor I have fallen sick coz of the food. If you need a spicy-food fix, i strongly recommend you do not try this place, lest you want a visit to the doctor the very next day.
5 I'm back again & the place looks great & remodeled since the last time I was here-   AMAZING FOOD is all i can say! very authentic, the chicken masala is all I get at indian restaurants, here at CC it's not as heavy & creamy as other places so doesn't leave u feeling bloated-   Ps: to Nadia C below, with her 1 star rating, this isn't "Pei-Wei" hunny so dont go talking about "service" & websites blah blah blah...this place is excellent, authentic, i would highly recommend!
5 So good. It can get pretty busy. My favorite is to jut order everything to go. The naan and the chicken marsala is so yummy.
4 I tried this place with a friend by accident today since there was a long wait for my fave Indian/pakastani resturant just down the street. At first the place seems like it may be a little dissappointing from it's fast food appearance (maybe it was because you have to order your food at the window?)     Don't let the appearance fool you the food is great! The Naan isn't the best i ever had but was good and the meal was excellent. prepare for SPICEY though. They don't skimp on spice for sure and they don't cook it to taste like some resturants I've been to. I loved it though and would definitly go back. The price is right too. Expect to pay abt $11 a person that's including your drink.
5 This place is spectacular. Hands down the best Northern Indian / Pakistani food in Phoenix. It's a family run place owned by actual Pakistanis, and the food is definitely served for their palate not for wimpy Americans. They don't ask you how spicy you want it. It comes one way: the real way.  For the person whining about hygiene and cleanliness because they got "food poisoning": Maybe you just couldn't take it. Go find a McDonalds. They're very clean.
2 Definitely thought I had reviewed this place before. But I guess not...  I had tried their catering before, and it was pretty good. So I decided I would try their restaurant food.  Bad idea. I ordered chicken tikka masala and got chicken tikka soup. The masala that was there was super watered down, and the chicken was a mix of white meat and brown meat, some of the brown meat was so tough that I had to leave a few pieces of the chicken uneaten. The naan was really good, but the chicken tikka masala was very sub par. To make matters worse, it cost a whopping $7. When $7 gets you much more food at other places, I doubt you are going to venture back here. I suppose it was worth a try, but its not worth the return.
5 The food here is amazing.  The authentic smell and limited menu make this place a real keeper. I've tried about ten things on the menu so far and I have no complaints. The servings are generous and the garlic naan is amazing!  Prices are extremely reasonable, generally a bit cheaper then other Indian restaurants in the Tempe area. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is inviting, I highly recommend this place!
4 Good price, good portions and good flavor. You know it can be wrong if a lot of indians go have dinner there. Go wild and order things you haven't tried (forget the names that ring a bell).  I can't remember the names of what we ordered, but it was really tasty. Now they have a larger place with more tables.
4 I like this place. It's close to campus for a good price and good portion sizes. I like their yummy Chicken Tikka Masala! They give you a good portion sizes. The other dishes were pretty good, samosas were ok, their curry is tasty and the food isn't that spicy. Super love their tikka masala fries. Yeah, I said tikka masala fries!   They're currently undergoing renovations to make the place a bit bigger and it's needed since it can get busy and full.
1 Stopped in Saturday for lunch. Sign on main door said to enter through the hooka because of renovations. I did and the place was empty. Waited for about 5 minutes and called out to see if anyone was there. No response. Went to the Delhi Palace buffet up the street. Maybe service will improve after the renovations are complete
5 This is about as good a place I've found in a while. From the fluffy perfectly baked naans to the rich curries with cuts of meat that remind one of what meat is supposed to be like, I've enjoyed everything I've tried here. From what I could make out this is a smallish family-run place (with a warm friendliness to match), but it seems to be expanding a bit. The decor is simple, as is the service - you get your own drinks and order at the counter - but that stuff is unimportant. What is really important is the quality, and this place delivers in every way.  If you like (north) Indian food, you'll find yourself at home - the spices and preparations are similar, though perhaps a little richer, and the names are different. And based on the Indian places I've seen in Phoenix, this place is far superior. I particularly recommend the Beef Achari, which was the first thing I tried there; I do want to try a biryani and see how that it, so watch this space for updates.  In short, if you want an awesome dining experience on a very reasonable budget, this is one of the best places you'll find, I guarantee.
5 I don't have curry all the time and I haven't had it in tons of places, but I went to Curry Corner when it was on Lemon and I hunted it down to find it on Apache, too. This curry rules so hard!
5 Oh man!  Rarely do I hand out 5 stars... but this place is an exception.  First off, don't be turned off by the crummy strip mall it's in, or the Tempe trash that loiters around outside scratching at their coke bugs... or the fact that u-turns and left-hand turns are a pain in the ass off of Apache due to this light-rail set-up - you must open your mind!  The guy working tonight was either the owner or son of the owner or something but he KNEW customer service.  He was welcoming, friendly, informative... diligent with cleaning up, taking and bringing orders AND answering the myriad of questions I threw out at him (like "is the lamb leg or shoulder... are the bones included...?")  This guy knew his food (we shared our goat meat sources and cooking tips) and described everything in a very detailed way.  I sure wasn't asking lots of questions to be picky.. no, in fact I was wanting to learn how this $9 goat dish I had was having such an effect on me... OOF!  BEST friggin $9 I've spent so far this year!!!  I could eat this all day!  Out from the kitchen where a Pakistani woman was cooking came a size-able stainless steel container with this wonderfully aromatic, succulent goat meat in tomato and garam masala stew... it was fantastic!  I love that they used the fat renderings with the garam masala to make this *heavenly* soupy deliciousness that was plentiful in the little container.... damn, I'm salivating just remembering it all over again.  SO, check out this place.  The guy was awesome but what stood out the most was their flavorful goat dish... the goat being the stand-out!   My sister's Chicken Tikka was also super flavorful, but mine was definitely more complex and interesting... now i just need another excuse to go to Tempe so I can relive this!
5 This place is AMAZING. Very good prices, exceptional service, even better food! They are renovating right now so don't let the decor steer you away. The food is full of flavor and just the right portions. The naan was fluffy and delicious. I would eat there every day if my waistline would allow it! :)
3 I went here last week with a large group (6 people). We ordered 5 dishes including two orders of chicken tikka masala, goat curry, chicken achari, and palak paneer. Overall we all (including one friend who is Indian) thought it was not the best Indian food we have had....the tikka masala was alright, but wasn't as rich or flavorful as other tikka masalas I have had. I did not care for the chicken achari, but I have not had that before, so it may just not be something I like in general. The palak paneer was alright, but again, was somewhat bland. The goat curry, in my opinion, was the best thing we had. It had a lot of goat flavor (which I like), and was generally tasty. The meals all came with either rice or naan, but disappointingly, the rice was plain white rice (no spices in it like most basmati rices) and the naan was also plain. Still nice that it was included...which brings me to the reason this place is 3 stars and not 2....it is soo inexpensive! We each paid six dollars and change for all of that food....most places would be well over 10$ each, so that is worth an extra star all on its own. I probably wouldn't come here if you want amazing food, but if you want decent food on the cheap, this is your place!
5 By far the best Indian food I've had in Arizona. Excellent service and prices!
4 Very deceiving from the outside, but the food was very unique! It's rare to find a place that sells delicacies from Pakistan or Afghanistan. I tried the goat dish. The meat was very tender, though a bit fatty, but I didn't mind since it was very flavorful. It was stewed in a thick and flavorful sauce. You get either naan or basmati rice with the dish, but we got both. Our meal ended with clove-infused rice pudding... which was addicting! Our server was very friendly and had good recommendations. There is no ambiance, so don't go expecting a classy atmosphere. This place is for people that appreciate good and unique food. Looking forward to trying more off of their amazing menu!
5 My new favorite restaurant. I have been here twice, now..the first time just randomly chose the chicken achari, and was completely amazed, the flavors exploded across my palate, with the subtle heat in the finish, was like nothing I've ever experienced. I upgraded to the potato naan, which is mashed potatoes stuffed between two delicious pieces of grilled bread..my second time, I got the curry sampler, combo thingy..three different curries, pickled onions, naan, and yogurt sauce..this is the way to go..always upgrade to the potato naan! The combo said it came with a desert on the menu, but not in reality..still the cold leftovers were a perfect finish..
5 I had high expectations for this restaurant after reading all the great reviews on Yelp and it did not disappoint. My friends and I were a bit apprehensive because we are not exactly Indian food connoisseurs but the server helped us order our dishes and we were very pleased with what we got. All the curry was delicious and it had the perfect amount of spice to it, just enough to make you reach for the water but not too much that you lose the taste of the food. The naan was delicious and the portions were perfect for sharing with the whole party. I think we had the chicken makhani, chicken tikka masala, one of their goat specials, and the vegetarian thali plate which was a big sample plate of a bunch of different foods. Oh and it doesn't get better than only paying around $8 per person and being so full you can barely move. Let's just say I am jealous of everyone at ASU who can frequent this restaurant on a regular basis.
5 My favorite food near asu!
4 Best Indian food I have ever had. The Chicken Tikki Masala was incredible. It would be 5 stars if the waitress hadn't been so apathetic. The food was worth the mediocre service though! I've found my new favorite Indian place!
5 I rarely go to Indian restaurants. But this is a place I love to visit often. The food seems as if it was done with great interest. When u go there, order anything with rice. They cook it to perfection. I like their handi dishes a lot.  If there is one thing I can suggest, it is that they should stop adding food coloring to some of their dishes. No need to guild this Lilly!
2 I thought this place was going to be better based on reviews but I guess not. You enter in through the hookah place next door and you are obligated to get your own drinks. I love Indian food, I make it at home all of the time but sometimes I like to venture out. The lowdown:  *I got the tikka masala fries and they were good but they desperately needed salt. *Mattar paneer also needed salt and spice, I thought this food was supposed to be full of flavor and spice?No creamy texture and the cheese was rubbery and more firm than it is supposed to be.  *My partner's lamb curry was sadly laden with oil and you could see the separation between the tomato curry and the oil sitting on top. The biggest part of the lamb that was saved for last was mostly, if not all fat.  *Basmati rice needed salt as well, and I'm not a salt fiend! More oil would have helped to make it moist.  *Garlic Naan was crispy and hot.  In conclusion: tikka masala fries and naan were good. I was disappointed at the lack of flavor everything had. If you want one of the best experiences go to Royal Taj here in Tempe, if you want some of the best Indian food in your life go to Delhi Palace in Flagstaff at Woodlands Village.
5 I love this place. Like I've said in other reviews, I'm a student, so I appreciate a deal. I'm also a foodie and have expensive taste, so I love when the three can come together on rare occasions, and bless me with great food!   I love Indian food, especially Pakistani and Punjabi. I'm still trying things on the menu but so far, the Chicken Tikka was flavorful, I wish I would've gotten their wonderful saffron rice with it, instead of the regular basmati, but saving money, it tasted just as great. The Aloo Palak, potatoes with sautéed spinach and spices was a great vegetarian meal and went perfect with rice and their GREAT garlic Nan.   I also had the the Goat Biryani and though I loath bones, the meat and saffron rice with the rendered fat from stewing made it worth the extra effort of getting through the many bones (that is to be expected with any goat dish at many ethnic restaurants and is part of the dining experience). Very well done dish.  Yes the atmosphere is laid back, but the owner caters to us college students and that keeps the cost down, I think they're the most reasonable Indian restaurant in the valley, that alone will keep me coming back. The service is good, laid back as well, the owner is very kind and attentive, again the food is great so I'll be back often, you should definitely pop your head in and start with some Nan and let your mind wander through the many choices..  They even have daily specials, like Halal Kung Pao Chicken one day...
5 This was our first time at Curry Corner and we were very satisfied with the service and the food was absolutely delish!!
3 I have only had one lunch meal here - the thali. I can surely say their menu is reasonably priced but, the taste of the food is below average. The meats were indeed cooked to perfection but, the just wasn't great. Very controlled use of oil/fat which is another plus. I will update this as I try a couple more items.
5 I started going here about 5 months ago when a friend who lives right near it said it was pretty good.  I do not eat nonkosher meat or poultry, so I was delighted when I saw they have a good amount of fish options with Talapia.  My favorite by far is the fish biryani (fish cooked with rice and a ton of herbs and seasonigns) served with a side of yogurt.  It is absolutely phenomenal and cheap considering the portion size.  I think it costs like 8 dollars.  The amount of seasonings and herbs is what really makes the dish taste so good.    I have also tried the fish curries.  They are pretty good, but I much prefer the Biryani.  My GF usually orders a curry,either fish or vegetable, and she also loves it.  We also order the samosas on occasion, which have a great flavor.  The Naan is also delicious, but I have never really had "bad" naan at an indian/paki restuarant, so i do not think that having great naan is a special benefit - rather, if you dont have great naan, i wont be going to the restaurant!  The service is usually slow, but getting better as the restaurant becomes more professional.  I hope they dont lose the home style cooking or low prices as a result of becoming more of a "real" restaurant.    Also, Guy Fieri ate there recently for his DDD show and I am very excited to see it!
4 So good! I'm a vegetarian; got the veggie thali plate. Delicious, super-spicy garbanzos and dal, not so great spinach. Excellent value. Mango lassi tasted sweet, not mango-y. Split excellent aloo tiki appetizer. Husband said his chicken thali plate was also great. Wish they'd open one in our part of the country!!
4 Delicious food, cramped spaces, just like India itself!
5 Seriously one of my favorite places to eat anywhere in the valley!  Try the Samosas, they are kind of addicting.
4 I went back here to try again after my disappointing first attempt. This time I was very pleased. The food was excellent and the portions on the lunch combo were perfect. I'm really glad I tried again, this place will  become a regular for me!
2 it seriously blows my mind that this place has a 4.5 star average. who is rating this stuff so high?!!  the samosas were served room-temperature, my paneer dish was EXTREMELY greasy, my mango lassi never came, the entire restaurant was out of napkins (not kidding!) and the chicken dishes come with such huge chunks of chicken that there's barely any flavor (so i'm told, i don't eat meat). a highlight was the garlic naan, lowlight, the service. by far. two young women who didn't care the least about good service.  don't waste your time or money. seriously, go up the street to the dhaba. waaaaaay better food and service. a little pricier, but you get what you pay for.
1 UPDATE:  Looks like the health department can confirm my personal experience.  5 negative findings on their most recent inspection (http://phoenix.about.com/library/blrestinspectbad0613.htm). Meanwhile, the owners keep messaging me to get me to delete my review.  Oh Curry Corner.  I loved you since the day I met you.  Your takeout orders were usually wrong.  But I forgave you, for each time I came inside, my food was just right.  I was wierded out by your self-service beverages, and your water always tasted so awful that I drank tea or soda.  I figured it was a ploy to sell drinks, and I was OK with that, because your food was so cheap and so delicious.  I was excited to come in last week to find Guy Fieri's visit (can't stand the dude...wtf is with his hair...SERIOUSLY) prompted a major renovation.  Gone were the mostly disgusting and crappy booths near the kitchen.  Hardly an improvement to remove booths and replace with tables and chairs, but this was.  They cleaned it up. And it looked great!  Well, I was pumped that my friend, who is mostly an Indian food virgin, enjoyed this place and his first foray to the cuisine.  So much so, that (well, until he reads this review) I couldn't bear to tell him what I saw when we checked out.  A roach.  Not a dead one.  One still clinging to it's life.  Legs in the air like he just didn't care.  I immediately bugged (ha!) my friend who had originally turned me on to the place to tell him my woeful tale of a roach at Curry Corner.  OH, he said?  I saw one the last time I was there, but I assumed it was just a fluke.  No.  It was not.  And no thanks, CC.  I'm over you.
3 I love love love!! the food here. I tried the Chicken Haramasala today and it was absolutely amazing. Too bad its a special item and not a part of the regular menu. Now having said that, I wish they'd clean their restroom more often. How about cleaning the floors now and then, some air freshener maybe and oh, empty the trash once in a while?! I had to take back one star, just because of the restroom. Sorry CC :(
3 My Indian friend suggested I go and try their goat biryani and mango lhassi. I have to say the portions are huge! It tasted really good and you could tell that they used good quality basmati rice. I couldn't finish half of what was in my plate. The mango lhassi was really refreshing and sweet! loved it! the only issue i have with this place is the service! really horrible. we came around 12 noon and there were very few customers there. but oh my! the waitress was super slow, it took 15 minutes to get the lhassi. And get this--- she doesn't even offer you a straw as she serves you with it. You would have to go get the straw from their counter. I don't get that..  I mean she is already serving the drink, why wouldn't she serve the straw as well. The only redeeming thing is that their price is super cheap for the amount and quality of the food that you get. I will come back some other day and i hope that the service gets better!
3 Not sure whether to give this place 3 or 4 stars.  I eat there 1-2x a month and they consistently have some of the best food in this class.  And they consistently have the most mediocre service.  I don't use this word often but the young ladies that have worked as wait staff since I started eating there way back when would best be described as 'ditzy'.  Tonight I had a delicious Chicken Tikka Masala and some hummus, both excellent.  I was also going to have a Mango Lassi but it never arrived. I also had to ask for a plate and getting that had to ask for silverware.  When I ask for a napkin I was told they are on the bar on the other side of the restaurant.  Are you kidding me? So I had to leave my food and all to walk across the place to get my own napkin.  I'm a consistent 20% tipper at a minimum.  I know how hard wait staff work in most place.  This one tonight, again, I felt I was being generous in leaving her 2 bucks. Oy vey!
5 This has to be the best Indian food I have ever had in my life! My husband said the same thing. Everything we had was just amazing and so flavorful and the prices are great!    We had the Fish Curry, Non veg tali (sp?) with this chickpea dish the waitress recommended, A mango lassi, and garlic naan. Everything was out of this world! So good! There was a curry that was on the tali plate that I had never heard of and it was one of the best things I have ever eaten. The waitress told me the name, but I can't remember. She said it was a buttery flavored curry. The fish curry was excellent, the naan was the best I've ever had. And the lassi was good and sweet.
4 Two words:  Goat Karahi.  The reason I will be willing to drive from San Tan Valley to Tempe again.    Hopefully I spelled this right, by the way.  I forgot to grab a take-out menu to get names right.  Anyway, this dish was suggested by our server.  Who incidentally was very courteous and attentive.    The goat was tender, flavorful and just delicious.  We should have ordered two dishes of it because it comes on the bone and my husband and I were left wanting more.    We also had the Chicken Korma, which was good but when we return we'll try something else.    Prices are excellent, entrees include either rice or naan.  We opted for rice but also ordered garlic naan.  Good call on our part.  The naan was crispy and soft at the same time with great garlic flavor.  Yum!  If I understand correctly, they've recently remodeled.  I saw no problems with cleanliness, one of the things that seems to have been an issue previously.    Had a nice chat with our server about how their experience was with Guy Fieri as well.    Can't wait to go back and try some other dishes.
2 I know a lot of people who love this place, but I don't get it.  They are going to be featured on the food network as having the beset chicken tikka masala.  I ordered this twice (thinking maybe the first time it was an off day) but it was horrible each time.  Not tender or tasty.   The goat tastes like lamb and has that grassy taste.  And the Nan's are served on these plastic trays, where they don't change the foil between customers!   Bathroom is filthy.  Lots of college students eat here, and it is in walking distance of ASU's campus.  It's not even that cheap.    I must be missing something, because I do not recommend this place.
5 Amazing food !! I cant tell ya all of what we had but i can tell ya it was amazing !! The potato naan was soooo yummy !! The tikka marsala chicken was wonderful ! The other things i dont know the name of were out of this world ( i will try to update with their names soon cuz u need to know :)   They forgot the toppings on the tikka marsala fries though :( didnt know till we were home to my sisters ...
4 Great authentic food. A hidden gem. Service could improve a bit, however with a name like curry corner I think everyone knows what you are getting into.
5 SO GOOD! my husband loves diners, drive in's and dives and when we saw this place reviewed and realized it's five minutes from where we live, we decided to go there today for lunch. I'm not a super adventurous eater, but this was AMAZING! Awesome service.......our servers were attentive, helpful and helped us order!  We will FOR SURE be back!
4 I went back last night.  Had to.  There is no better Chicken Tikka Masala around.... It was superb as usual along with the garlic naan and samosas.   And I'm please to report that the service this time,unlike almost every visit before, was very professional.   I'm not a college student and won't just be 'ok' with any kind of service. Maybe college students aren't either.  She was attentive, took my order promptly, brought everything I needed to the table, and checked on me 2-3 times during the course of my solo dining.  Very well done indeed.  I just hope they can keep up this level of service because it matches their food now!  Nuff said.
4 Found this place on here about 6 mo ago and have gone twice, really enjoyed it both times.  Service has been very good both times, drinks stayed full (it is semi-self serve, so ymmv), and food came out piping hot.    The food:  The girlfriend and I like to get samplers so we can try a wide range of food, both times we got 1 non-veg, and 1 veg combo.  I highly recommend that to a) people looking for variety and b) people looking for leftovers.    The first time we went we saw these incredible looking fries come out so it was a must order the 2nd time through.  The Tikka Misala fries were very good.  I feel like the menu said feta but we got blue cheese.  It was still very delicious.  The only thing I would enjoy more would be more naan to come with it,  I know I could order more but I am too busy enjoying the deliciousness.    Have been looking for a reliable option for this kind of food nearby and I think I've found it.  Can't wait to try more of the menu.
5 I really cannot overstate how good this place is. Every dish we tried was better than the next. A big dude named Omar took our order and he could not have been friendlier, and considering this place was on Triple D a few nights before, it was so cool how appreciative he was of our business. So, the food and service are great...what else is there? Oh yea three of us ate like Pakistani royalty with plenty of leftovers for $35. That's why I gave a rare five stars.
5 Friendly Service and GREAT food.  The hummus and naan are awesome!  Such big portions on our entrees as well.
5 We know good Indo-Pak food (having grown up on Indo-Pak food gives us some credibility) and on our 1st visit, the whole group left raving!!  The Kharai Goat was finger licking good!  Seekh Kebabs were so flavorful!  The Afghani Boti was grilled to perfection.  The chicken tikka masala was ok.  And the mango lassi was so refreshing!!!  We will be back to Curry Corner for sure!! Worth the 30 min drive from So Chandler:)
2 The food from Curry Corner is good but the service is pretty bad and their attitude is very racist... They treat the white Americans as Roman Gods and the people from the subcontinent and Mexico as the slaves... They will treat you as if they were your boss if you are anywhere from Asia... So if you are looking for quite tasty food (at somewhat higher but okay price) but bad behavior from the owners you are very welcome.
1 I ordered 3 items to go one of which was chicken tikka masala and  I didn't get it we were charged for it but we got a beef dish with lots of bones I was pretty disappointed I don't think I will be back!!!!!!!
5 Been there three times now. Not a big fan for curry, but I guess this one works for me!
5 Any restaurant that can convince our 8-year old daughter that goat is her new favorite meat is serving really superb dishes. These folks are masterful in building complex and distinct flavors, some spicy and others mild, but all melt-in-your-mouth delicious. We drove 1200 miles from Portland, Oregon to visit family, knowing all the while we couldn't leave Phoenix before coming to eat here. We're so glad we did, and can't wait to come again.
4 My main reason for coming here was the tikka masala fries - it sounded too good to pass up.  And like Russell Peters' standup comedy, these fries are TOOOOO GOOD.  Pictures do not do the tikka masala fries any form of justice because no camera in existence is capable of capturing the full spectrum of their awesomeness.  For only a few bucks you get a generous portion of delicious french fries SMOTHERED in tikka masala sauce, drizzled with some white yogurty sauce, and then topped with feta cheese.  OH MAN.  It was so good that I would be very inclined to make the 400 mile drive from LA just to eat those fries again.  I couldn't finish them on my own so I took half home, even though I was worried that they'd be soggy the next day.  But turns out, they were STILL GOOD as leftovers.  I swear, that tikka masala must be magical as both a goldmine of flavor and as a preserver of all that is goodness.  I also highly recommend the goat karahi.  So much spices and deliciousness in one dish, I definitely got the curry sweats afterward but it was SO worth it.  I can't even imagine how much spicier some of their dishes must be, considering the karahi wasn't even marked on the menu and yet it was able to sizzle my mouth adequately.  Didn't learn until a month later that the joint was featured on Diners, Drive Ins, & Dive's.  No wonder the TV was only tuned to the Food Network!  Definitely coming back here next time I'm in the area.  Hopefully Guy Fieri isn't there, since I can't really stand his face.
5 I saw this place on the show Diner, Drive-Ins and Dives. The Best Tandoori chicken I've ever had. I tried the Salt Lassi, which was not refreshing at all.
4 Went here because we saw it on triple D. Great food home- like vibe.
5 You have to go to this little gem, which is hidden in a nondescript strip-mall location.  The location is small and is - for reasons unknown - usually quite empty.  I had the tikka masala (once with chicken, once with lamb) and naan.  Both times I was in tikka masala heaven.  My friend had potatoes in a green sauce (I forget what herb the sauce was made from) - I had a taste and it was also crazy good (especially for a vegetarian dish, which I do not gravitate toward).  You won't be disappointed!
1 I'm not sure about this place when you take your food to go,I don't recommend that at all
4 Was at an event with a bunch of friends and decided to come here last minute. Tiki masala chicken was good and the garlic naan was ok. Mango Lassie was also good.  Place is smaller so we had to wait a while for table but we were so hungry we got it to go.  Pretty satisfied with this choice instead of a burger.
5 Love this place. One of my favorite place for Indo-Paki food in entire Arizona. Service is not the best but food is delicious.   We ordered Chicken Tekka Masala and Lamb Tekka Masala with Garlik Naan and Rice.  The chicken and lamb was done right and really delicious.   If you go with two people, order one main dish, rice and bread that will be enough for two people.
5 We saw it on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and decided to go with apprehension. Guy did not steer us wrong! The Goat Karahi was the perfect combination of flavor and heat with a blend of spices. I just placed an order to go while thinking about it. Best in town but if you dont trust my culinary palate then look no further beyond the walls littered with awards.   If you are hungry...Go NOW!
4 The Chicken Boti is awesome, though the lunch serving was not served as a kebab. I also love the Naan. Prices seemed responsible. The tikka masala fries are really good too.
5 very tasty food. I will def. go there again.
5 OMG! Seriously one of the best Paki restaurant EVER. Well that might be me saying that because it was the only place which served me Chapli Kabob lol. But on a serious note i think this place has done really well for themselves even though i think they have a competition only a block away but its always dead. I was in tempe for 2 days and and went there both days. Customer service was great as well. The dude from the TV wasn't wrong. :D Most of their business is from the HUGE Indian and a Pakistani student population by ASU. So if they all love it trust me you will as well.
5 The food, the prices, the service - couldn't get any better. Two thumbs up for Curry Corner!
5 Amazing chicken tikka masala, just as good as my favorite Indian restaurant back in Philadelphia. If you're near Tempe you should really try curry corner... And get the garlic naan.
4 I really like this place. They have a variety of Indian food.Its worth going to this place.
2 Straight to the point their food is delicious and deserves 4 stars, but their service is awful/ disappointing. I honestly even wish their food wasn't so good. I've come in on multiple occasions and the waiter/waitresses have been so rude. On one occasion when I asked for water while I waited for my to-go the waitress with a lot of makeup on was talking badly about me in spanish. Awkward considering I understand/speak Spanish. It was to the point where I felt uncomfortable eating there. Service is slow and it's to the point where I feel I need to write this review.
5 I love Curry Corner, it's got the best Indian and Pakistani food in Tempe. A lot of my Pakistani friends and Indian friends all recommend it. After going for a couple of years, I was glad to see they had expanded the place and got some publicity with Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. Their Chicken Makhani and briyani is so good and their garlic naan can be eaten on its own. Definitely a great place to go!
4 This place is pretty decent. I wish I knew more about Indian food or culture to really enjoy it. But I don't, whatever.   Their naan is AMAZING. It's so flaky and buttery! My favorite of course. Their chicken tikki masala is on point. It has lots of flavor and is the perfect amount of spicy. So was their tandoor chicken tikki masala.   Their rice lacked flavor but it wasn't too bad with the other stuff.   I got this stew thing, which was pretty good but I'm not a big fan of lamb so if I had to get it again, I'd get beef instead.   We'll probably be back.
5 Great restaurant. I like it very much. You have to taste it if you didn't taste it yet!
4 Good yummy food. We had chicken jalfrezi, hickey makhani, and paneer achari. Mango lassi was yum as usual. Paneer tikka may have been better choice than achari. Achari was good but had thin gravy.
5 Best chicken tikka masala, nice and spicy. I order the garlic naan. My husband gets the biryani  and he's always happy with it.  I used to eat inside but our last 4 visits my husband orders take out.  The owner's son (part owner?) is nice and helpful.
4 So, the other day my friend and I wanted to go and have Cantonese food down the street from this place, but they were closed for an ASU welcome back dinner; wack!! So, I scrammed to find a yummy place last minute on Yelp which was in the area, and Curry Corner popped up.  I am very happy that he and I went to this place after all. Since I am doing a physical and spiritual cleanse at this time and cannot eat meat, dairy, processed sugar, sweets, breads/white flour products, this place made me happy.   I had their veggie combination and was blown away by how well delectable they can make chic peas and spinach taste with their spices and techniques.   I am going back when I can eat meat and bread and will enjoy their fish/chicken dishes and supposedly amazing naan.  I am a fan!  Love, The East Coast Foodie
5 Yum,yum,yum! The hummus is wonderful and served with naan (any flavor you want) I have been there four times and each time was five star. Chicken tandoori is very tender and tasteful. Even the goat and lamb was superb. We were treated like kings & queens even though they were super busy. The parking is good once you maneuver around Apache blvd. God love the rail! I highly recommend it if you love indian/pakistani food. I have yet to try the deserts, always too full.
3 The food is good, but a little bit too much Mexican food fusion here. Each table has two types of hot sauce-- the red rooster sauce and a straight habanero sauce. What's the deal?  It's worth coming back though, since prices are around $8 on average and mango lassi is $2.50.  Just... don't expect an authentic Indian food experience.
4 Fast, cheap, and good food. Last star reserved because servers were overwhelmed by dinner rush, sauces were a little salty (but not a deal breaker), and we sat in a cramped corner in a dining room that got pretty hot. I'll be back though to try other things.
4 The Chicken Boti Kebab is phenomenal--the chicken is tender and full of flavor, and it is served with great pickled onions and a delicious green sauce.
4 Great food with amazing prices!! The service was good... A little strange because we never actually had one specific server but they were all very friendly!
3 Was in the Tempe area and visited CC to try out their Guy Fieri recommended tandoori chicken. The restaurant welcome us at the door with an immediate aroma and we found the last available table for two even at 3pm on a Saturday.  In between college kids and a sprinkling of Indian patrons, the first thing to visually be distracted by are the loud TVs set to the food network but a lively atmosphere regardless.  As today was yet another fiery day in the desert, the owners decided to let us sweat some more by having on a half working AC (a huuuge gripe for me on summer days) and not enough fans.  As we have a pretty high bar for Indian cuisine, the tandoori chicken was indeed moist and charbroiled well. You get two chicken legs per order along with a side of naan or rice. Hubby went for the tikka masala but he was surprised that there was no question of the preferred heat level by our waitress. It turned out a mild variation of what he's used to and a bit lacking in depth of spices.   Their naan was more on the thin crispy side so by my standards a 3 star effort at best. And if you're not a huge coriander lover, definitely ask for the curry sans the pungent leafy condiment as CC does tend to overindulge. Hubby's side was the saffron infused rice which was al dente and a good texture.  We probably won't make a special trip out just for dinner but both our meals summed up to definitely less than one dish at our regular spot in north scottsdale, so those on college budgets should continue to feel comfortable with CC being their go to Tempe curry joint!
2 Not sure why this was on Food Network. Chicken was fatty and dark meat in curries. The best parts of the meal were the nan bread and the rice.
4 Been here a couple of times, and it's a pretty good place. Good food, reasonable prices. Their customer service is alright and varies from day to day, once we came in at night and the customer service was pretty bad, but at other times it was good...should be consistent.
4 Tikka masala fries are amazing!!!!! Crunchy mushy spicy sweet = wow  Everything else was just ok
2 The food is OK, but ASK FOR AN ITEMIZED RECEIPT. They overcharged me, my sister, and a friend on 3 separate occasions. Their explanation was that the prices went up but they hadn't had time to update the menu... but it has been months since the first time I was over charged. I will not give business to dishonest people.
4 Great food, terrible service. Only one waitress and she did not do a good job. Slow to clean off tables, didn't come by to ask if we needed refills. They allow you to sit where you want but then when a larger party comes in, they don't have a good spot to sit. If they had a better waitress or one more, I think I could bump up the rating.
4 This place gets 4 stars because the food is amazing. The service, however, left a little to be desired.   When we walked in no one greeted us and there was no sign saying "seat yourself" so we sort of stood there for awhile not sure what to do. Eventually we just sat down and waited. It took awhile for the waitress to come take our order.   We ordered tikka masala fries, the vegetarian combo, and my husband ordered the tandoori chicken. Everything was great but those fries were killer! They were delicious. I couldn't stop eating them.    The naan that came with the vegetarian plate was so good. I loved everything.   When we were done we waited a really long time for our check. Eventually we just walked up to the register where the waitress was and asked her if we paid there or at the table. She was really nice but I think she was overloaded with how many people were in there.   I will go back. It was seriously good enough to make me drive out to Tempe again. The place isn't a fancy restaurant (really casual) but the food is worth it.
4 Got this place from Diners Drivins and Dives. When I walked in to this place it looked kind of low budget but when we tasted the food it was suprisingly wonderful. The only problem was service. They forgot my wifes meal and that took a while to fix. But the food is worth going back and trying again.
3 I had the lamb tikka and it was OK. The food was very tasty but it wasn't hot (hot as in "not warm"). And It kinda felt like eating homemade Indian food that got microwaved  for 1 minute and 30 seconds and then served to us. Prices are reasonable, $8-$10 for a small bowl of curry and meat of your choice and a big plate of white (flavorless) biryani rice.   Would give 5 stars if: 1) Food was freshly made, 2) Hot and 3) More meat :)
2 My husband and I freaking love Indian food. We had a business trip in Scottsdale, AZ, and after watching Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives and seeing that Tempe was just 10 minutes up the road, we made it our mission to try Curry Corner. I had high hopes for this place to blow my mind.  We were served quickly, but the meal left much to be desired. We started with samosas which were really good. However the water they brought us tasted like it came out of a hotel swimming pool - very chlorine-y.   I asked if I could have tikka masala, except made with shrimp instead of chicken (usually an option at most Indian places). The server said he "would ask, but the cook is sometimes funny about stuff like that." I didn't understand how difficult it could be to put tikka masala sauce over shrimp instead of chicken, but I was ultimately served shrimp tikka masala. What a disappointment! The sauce literally tasted like Campbell's soup, or ketchup. Just plain tomato sauce. I don't know if this is some side sauce that was whipped up to satisfy my request for shrimp in place of chicken and just wasn't the normal tikka that is used, but I was pretty sad about the whole thing. Had I known it would so negatively affected my meal overall, I would have just stuck with chicken.  The rice was flavorless. Normally I can eat rice from my favorite Indian places plain, because it's so delicious and cooked with cinnamon, cilantro, cardamom, etc. The rice not only didn't taste seasoned, but it also took on the chlorine taste from the water. They would really benefit from installing a water filter in their restaurant.  My husband had chicken makhani which WAS really good. The cheese and garlic naan were also both delicious.  I wish I could give my experience a better rating, but it was ultimately a disappointment for me.
4 First time I went with an indian couple and the felt that it was the best Indian food they had outside of India. It was delish... cant recomend the mixed tandoori enough.
3 I love DDD and always check out his picks when in the area. Seen this on TV and decided to see what all the hoo-ha was all about. Normally Guy is pretty good with his choices but sometimes he can be off a bit.  Inside is rather small and appears to be a hit with the ASU students as well as the regulars who live or work nearby. There are two TVs that are always on and either playing the Food Network or a cheesy flick from overseas.  The menu has a several choices to pick from when ordering. Some are more Pakistani style while others are more of the standard favorites that you would see for this type of restaurant cuisine.  Started with a some appetizers. Ordered the Samosas with dipping sauces and on another visit some Aloo Tikki. Had to try what Guy had eaten so got the Goat Karahi with Garlic Naan and then came back again later in the week and tried the Tandoori Chicken Tikka.  They definitely got the flavors down but the portions seemed rather small. Really liked both the Goat and the Tandoori. Wish that you could order a larger version of the meals without having to pay for two dishes. I had asked if I could get the Tandoori with more chicken for an extra charge and I was told that was not an option. Hmmm?  Give them a try and make sure to fill up on the appetizers first so that you are not still hungry when you are finished. Prices are reasonable until you end up ordering more than what you were expecting. THAT'S MONEY!  3.25 STARS
5 We went twice in one week. After hearing about this place from coworkers I had to try. I don't recall what we ordered as we just asked the super sweet waitress to bring us sampling of her favorite dishes. Spice was just right and the flavor is delightfully foreign. A must try!
5 I've heard many good thing. Many. Many. Many. I want to thank you yelpers for helping me through the menu. Several of you mentioned the (Goat Karahi) and omg that was good. Fall off the bone meat with a spiciness that I loved. The boyfriend had the (Chicken Tikki Masala), he was done before I could get a bit, so that speaks for it self. For appetizer we had a the (Samosas) and (Tandoori Wings) and we pretty much inhaled both. Yeah inhaled. They took a bit longer to make due to the cooking process but definitely worth the wait. Service was good. Not great. She did the job while juggling seven other tables but I'm a server as well and she knew how to handle this restaurant. When the bill came, I choked a bit because I thought we got under charged. Nope. The food is amazing. It's nothing simple but it will leave you taking a to-go menu and craving more. We'll be back. Yes we will.
5 Excellent. Had the chicken tikki, great! If you like Indian food, you have to go here!
1 Terrible terrible terrible service.....please save yourself some time, pride and money...specially if you are an asian. The skinny weirdo who takes your order does not have any courtesy whatsoever...no hello..no smile...no thank you nothing!! I felt so weird and so little while standing in their cramped and filthy restaurant with my wife for at least 15minutes without being welcomed or even asked to sit down. Finally, the owner lady asked us to sit down with such an attitude as if she is doing a huge favor to us.The lady would talk so nicely about the food and stuff to our non asian neighbors but would never bother coming to us to take our order or even to hand us the menu(btw this has happened to us twice on separate occasions) Wow lady!!..were we not paying or what?? This is not the racist land where you came from and we are not college students who would not react to this kind of mean and rude service. The water took 20 minutes to arrive...don't even wanna talk about the other female server...she is just going through her shift. I grew up eating this kind of food so you can take it from me, seriously it's not that great..they use chicken thigh meat in all curries which is not always a good thing...portions sizes are ridiculously small...nothing interesting really...there are much better and courteous places around. I seriously hope that their "Guy Fiery" bubble bursts soon. I am not going back again at any cost...and would highly recommend all of you to stay away..specially if you are an asian.
2 I have been going to this place frequently for the last 1 and half years and the food was great until recently.  The last few times I ordered take out food and I always find the curries highly diluted with water, samosas fried in old oil and their signature biriyani not flavorful at all.  The last time I ordered take out food from there, I even found a piece of meat in my veggie curry!!   Like others have mentioned, the service is poor, the place is highly understaffed and not so friendly staff either.  The place used to be known for its flavorful, cheap food but sadly the quality has degraded over the last few months...
4 My workgroup came here for dinner. Standard hole in the wall decor. We found prices to be reasonable, our portions were way too much for one person. The chicken tikka wings were awesome, they also had tikka masala fries, something different unique never had it before but still tasted american flavor so didn't go well with the rest of the food. Also had nehari, lamb curry, and chicken handi, all good but nothing special.
1 Really over rated on here. Food was basic, chicken was slimy. Staff were friendly but not  very attentive. Had to ask for plates, a knife, napkins and a glass of water which tasted like pond water. Bit of an odd experience.
4 Great food. Briyani, chicken tikka, lamb curry, etc, I will be back. You do not come to the restaurant for the atmoshphere nor the service. It is 4 stars because service was bad.
4 Sure, the fishtank looks gross and the decor is far more shabby than chic, but nobody comes here for the ambiance. The FOOD, man, the food is incredible. There isn't a bad thing on the menu. The cheese naan is so wrong but SO RIGHT. The chicken tikka masala is on point, and the goat biryani is so tender and flavorful.
4 This was GREAT Indian food. It doesn't look like much from the outside, and is definitely in a divey location, but wow. First off, order the fries with masala sauce. Seriously, trust me. They were double fried and so crispy they all but shattered when you looked at them, but doused in delicious sauce and feta cheese. I'm pretty sure I could have eaten that and called it an entire meal. The garlic naan wasn't as garlicky as I could have hoped, but it was tasty anyways. All of the rest of the food was delicious, and the service was friendly. Only thing I was missing was the little dish of spices on the way out the door. It always helps settle my stomach after a heavy meal. Nice big parking lot here, which is great right off campus.
3 YES to the samosas. They are flavorful, steamy hot, and come with a delicious sauce. NO to the curries - ha, go figure. Unless you like liquidy, oily, flavorless broth with chunks of meat inside. Also, NO to the water. It tastes very chlorinated.  Note the door on the left is STUCK so don't be discouraged and try, try again!
1 People have to stop judging Indian restaurants by how they make Chicken Tikka Masala or any Tikka Masala for that matter. Yes, Chicken Tikka Masala is an Indian dish but it is not the only Indian dish. Hell, it's a north Indian dish that seldom gets any attention in other parts of India.  I choose Curry Corner over other Indian restaurants in this area because of its positive reviews. I ordered a Lamb Biryani and a Chicken Curry to-go was told the order would take 15-20mins. So I sat at one of the tables and patiently waited. The place was not busy and almost everyone who came after me got their food served while I was still kept waiting. Finally, after more than 35mins of waiting my order was ready and I was told the Lamb Biryani usually takes time to prepare. So I thought maybe Biryani was worth the wait.  Initially the Biryani looked good but when I started digging into it was when I realized how badly it was prepared. The Biryani was just rice mixed with some curry and a few hard-to-chew lamb pieces thrown in. Trust me, it tasted awful. I simply don't understand why some Indian restaurants have this compulsion to include a Biryani on the menu when they don't know or even have the faintest idea about how it is prepared.  And as for the Chicken Curry, it tasted OK; nothing great - just mediocre.  Curry Corner is another Indian restaurant serving mediocre Indian food to susceptible locals. What a shame!
2 Stay away from curries they are watered down. Friendly people cozy atmosphere. All I tried was chicken tikka masala and it's not up to par.
4 Service still bad, but I keep coming back because the food is excellent. Try the tikka masalla fries, it is different and I love it. Chicken tikka masalla is still the best. Ordering the food to go Is the bet option.
3 So we came here on our lunch break because we wanted to try something new in our lives... plus we heard great review about it since it was on Diners Drive Ins & Dives...  I've never had  any type of Indian/Pakistan food before so this was going to be quite an experience for me. We ordered the Tikka Masala Fries which were bomb.com. The sauce on it was reallyyyyy good. For the entrees we got the Mixed Grilled Sizzler and the Afghani Boti. Everything was a bit spicy for me since I'm a wuss when it comes to that stuff. lol. I liked the meat in the Afghani Boti and the sauce that it comes with.   The service... was extremely slowwwwww... It took maybe 20 minutes before we even got our waters. We ordered the fries as an appetizer. Which never came out. They ended up coming out with everything else. Other then that it was quite an experience. I might come back if I'm ever in the mood for something different in my life again. =)
3 Saw this place on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. They're so popular that all the tables were full and there are always people waiting to be seated. There was a very large Pakistani (I'm assuming) family taking up half the restaurant. I took that as a good sign.  Samosas were tasty. The mango and strawberry lassi were good, but I have had better mango. I really enjoyed my chicken makhani. I believe my boyfriend got lamb curry, but I can't remember exactly.  My complaints are about accommodation and the fish tank. The tank needed to be desperately cleaned. They have a lentil bowl for $6. I asked if I could get a smaller portion, like an appetizer, for maybe $4 but was told no. She didn't even ask the owner, who was there.  After our visit I read in the paper that there were 9 food violations. The food was really good but I'll be checking an updated violation check before visiting again.
4 Very tasty curry. Amazing fries and naan. And I finally tried goat. I'd definitely make another trip when we are on that side of town!
5 Took me forever to finally leave the comforts of Phoenix to check out Curry Corner.  My only regret, not coming sooner!  Super close, right next to ASU.  Fast, friendly service.  Some of the best garlic and cheese stuffed naan around.  Had the chicken tikka, lamb, biryani and of course a mango lassi.  Like many family owned gems, the décor isn't fancy.  I was a little worried that they would rest on their DD&D laurels like some restaurants do, but I am eagerly looking for another excuse to head back and check out the rest of the menu.
5 Saw this restaurant on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. We had to go. The food is excellent, spicy, and it's awesome that the vegetarian section is just as large as the meat section.   Some of my favorites are the Palak Paneer( freshly chopped spinach greens (palak) cooked with home made paneer (cheese), Aloo Matar (Potatoes sautéed with green peas seasoned with house spices, or the Vegetarian Thali ( 2 vegetable curries and one lentil served with rice, naan, yogurt, and salad).  You can't go wrong at this place. Everything is good. If you don't know what to get, just take a chance and you won't be disappointed.
2 In the mood for Indian so we tried The Dhaba but it was that weird time of day between lunch and dinner. So, we went to Curry Corner. The service wasn't great. Wife got a soda but wasn't offered a refill until we were ready to leave. And the food was spicy, so she REALLY kinda needed it. She asked at one point and we thought the server heard us, but apparently she didn't. The food is okay. I've definitely had better Indian and I'm not sure what would bring us back here.
2 We went because of Diners drive ins and dives.  We did not get the food he got even though we ordered the same thing.  Ours wasn't tasty the order was smaller and even a different color. The place wasn't clean, dirty floors, sticky table edges.  Wouldn't go again.
4 The Tikka Masala is addicting and the cheese naan was good and fresh - gonna try the garlic naan next time. Everything was delicious!
4 Met some friends with my Family.  Everything was very good except for a young server who could not be bothered.  Owner was really nice and helpful with the menu.
4 Awesome food !!!
5 I am a big fan of curry corner. They have the best Indian/Pakistani food in Tempe. I am a big fan of the chicken tikka masala, palak paneer and all of the lamb dishes. The biryani rice is also a favorite of mine and of course the naan is also delicious.
5 Been here 5 times so far.   The curries is always tasty and  consistent,   Price is cheap, and the portions is huge.
3 Hype for no reason. Service is ok, food is alright. I expected more after hearing about Curry Corner. There are far better options in the area.
4 Best Indian restaurant in Tempe for reasonably priced and great food. It's located in an eyesore plaza and is desiring a face lift inside but that being said, the food is Amazeballs! Try the chicken tikka masala :D
5 I saw this restaurant on Diners, Driveins & Dives. I ordered Lamb Biryani, Chicken Curry (medium hot), and Tandoori Chicken & garlic naan.  All of the frood was delicious & the prices don't break the bank.  I'll defnitely be returning.
3 One of the better cheap, casual indian restaurants.  Only complaint is their service is very iffy.  Sometimes we have a waiter who has to ask several times what we ordered and they even forget items you've ordered.  If the service was better, I'd be here more often.
2 This time we waited 50 mins for our food to come out. We came dring lunch time on Sat. People came after us got their food and we are still waiting. NOT HAPPY.
2 The food is really good. We like their food but the waiting time is too long and it kills the pleasure. People come later than us finish sooner. Twenty minutes is ok but we waited for over forty minutes. The last plate was not here after a whole hour so we had to cancel it.
3 My husband and I are auditioning new Indian food places since our favorite, Royal Taj, will be closing soon. I figured Curry Corner would be a good place to start.  When we arrived, the owner sat us at a dirty table and didn't even notice the debris. It was the gentleman who brought out our water later that seemed to be embarrassed by the mess and immediately wiped the table.   I got the vegetarian thali so that I could try a few different dishes at once, and my husband got the chicken tikka masala since it's a good "comparison" dish. Our food came out fairly quickly although my naan lagged behind a few minutes. At least it was fresh and hot though very plain. The dal and chickpeas were the standouts in my dish. Tons of flavor for something so simple. My husband was happy with his chicken. He said the meat was tender, and the sauce wasn't overwhelmed with cream like at other places. He was hoping for a bigger portion, but for the price, it was a good value. The basmati was decent, but we prefer the more spiced version from our usual place.  Service was really lacking though. We had to ask for water. My husband's entree didn't come with a plate. No one checked up on us after the food arrived. We had to ask for the check. We observed other patrons who got wrong orders or orders that were forgotten altogether. The misspelled t-shirts worn by the staff "In Expensive Excellence" really irked me too. I would try Curry Corner again, but I might stick to takeout.
3 My friend in Arizona recommended Curry Corner after finding it via the Food Network app. Overall the experience was good, but I don't think I'd return if I were in the area as I've had better Indian and Pakistani food.  We arrived on a lazy Sunday afternoon close to 12 and the place was quite empty. We sat at one of the few small tables against the wall and began debating what we should order.  We started with an order of the Tikka Masala fries, which I'd seen recommended on Yelp. They were good, especially the portions with feta cheese, but I'd recommend skipping them. The fries were pretty soggy, which is understandable, but the tikka masala sauce wasn't very flavorful or spicy.   I ordered the Vegetarian thali, a combination of 2 vegetable curries, lentils, rice, naan, yogurt, and a small salad. It was good, though the lentils were incredibly salty. The standout for me was the yogurt dip, which I found really refreshing. The curries were good, just not outstanding. Still, the price can't be beat for the amount of food you get.  My friend ordered the Arabic Plate, which is like the thali plates in that you get two kinds of curry (hers had chicken), lentils, biryani rice, hummus instead of yogurt, salad, and naan. I liked these curries better than my vegetarian ones personally.  The oddest part of our visit was watching someone, presumably an employee, wander back and forth between the kitchen and cleaning the outdoor windows. It made me feel slightly awkward about the potential for unsanitary conditions where my food was being made.  I'd honestly skip Curry Corner, but it's not a bad decision.
2 I don't understand why everyone loves this place. I went in with high hopes because of all the great reviews and recommendations from friends. We walked in, the place was totally empty and no server in sight. No music just a TV playing the food channel. After an awkward silent min a server comes out the back. Our server was totally awkward.  When the food was ready he literally brought one thing out at a time. The food was soooo boring. The blandest Indian food I have ever eaten. Maybe it's just the vegetarian items that is so tasteless?
5 This place is absolutely wonderful!!!!! The food is always great no matter how many times you order it. The Chicken Mahkni (I think that is how it is spelled) is an amazingly creamy and flavorful dish, especially with the Briyani rice. Great Tikki Masala too. You absolutely cannot go wrong with the Potato Naan, my husband requests an order just to himself.  I have only ever ordered out so I have had little experience with the full on customer experience, but the friendliness of the waitresses is hit and miss, but I cannot vouch for the dinning in experience. However, I still feel with the effort this place puts into making great food, it still deserves a full 5 stars.
2 Casual, very casual, casual in many respects.  There is decent to good food here depending on what is ordered, and it comes out rather fast, and it is lower priced than most Indian restaurants in the valley.  But there are a few drawbacks to dining here.  Though you're paying a couple bucks less per entree, you're also in a not so clean place that has a lot of wear on it other than perhaps the newish large flat panel TV on the wall.  This was one of those times where I realized that maybe it is worth the price difference.  There was only one server for the entire little restaurant on our visit, so I can see how that was frustrating for the other table that was there before us but ordered after us.  The Mexican hot sauce (Cholula) on each table was an interesting observation.
4 Went with six of my Friends there. Great tasting food.   Strawberry Milkshake is really tasty. Fries are great. Biryani, Naans, Curris wonderful.    Affordable and Tasty..  Service could be better though.
5 Passing through Phoenix on a road trip and I went here because it had a good review online. Great samosas! My server recommended the chicken special of the day and it was excellent. He even gave me free garlic naan!
5 If you have just a bit of patience you will get really good food. My boyfriend had Indian food for the first time here and was not disappointed, despite him not liking spicy things particularly (the servers took note and suggested things with help from my Indian roommates).   I ordered the hummus which came with 2 pitas and the palak panneer, which was amazing and delicious. We all ended up not being able to finish our meals so we got doggy bags that sealed shut and a plastic bag.   It was also cool to see the Diners Drive ins and Dines spray paint stencil on the wall.
5 I thought Curry Corner was fantastic. I ordered something like a vegetarian sampler platter, and it was so good, I ordered a second entree immediately after.  Unfortunately, I don't remember the names of what dishes I had. But it was stuff that I don't typically see on south Asian restaurant menus, so I get the impression it's fairly traditional / authentic stuff. Not just mainstream "Americanized Indian" food. (Not that there's anything wrong with that!)  I will say that my (meat-eating) companions were not as enthusiastic about their dishes, but that has more to do with the fact that they don't really like curries and south Asian food, and less to do with Curry Corner specifically.  Also, service was a little slow and not terribly friendly. Oh, and the faucet in the men's restroom was leaking so much it was basically just On. I mentioned it to the waitstaff, so hopefully it's fixed by the time I've posted this.
4 A small place, the food is great. The curry fries are fantastic and a must order! The staff is friendly and the decor is very cozy in an authentic traditional way.  I really enjoyed Curry Corner and will likely come back again
2 Seriously, am I missing something???   I seem to be the only person who has had better Indian food.  The fam and I decided to give this place a try, even though it is very far from home, but with a recommendation like DDD, what could go wrong?  Well, first off, it's a bit chaotic when you walk in.  No real system to be seated and the tables are weirdly situated.  Once we were seated we were rushed to order... thankfully we mostly knew what we wanted.  I tryed the marsala fries, which were BY FAR the best thing we ate.  Those, I must say are amazing.  I also had a bite of the samosas, which were ok... not really that favorful, and the chicken tikka masala.  Honestly, it was ok, but I've had better... even from Trader Joes.  We also had the goat... this too was ok... better than the masala, but so fatty it was hard to eat.  So, long story short... if you live near here then perhaps hit it up.  Otherwise, check out some Indian food closer to home... that is my recommendation.  You're welcome.
1 The first problem we had was upon entering the restaurant. All the seats are weirdly situated and there is no hostess or sign that says wait to be seated. All the tables and chairs were located either too close to a bathroom or too close to the kitchen since it is such a small place. The table configurations were also weird with one booth that had two tables. So imagine a normal booth and on each side there is one person and a table in between. Now imagine the same thing but with two tables in between making the distance between you and the other person twice as distant as before.  When I looked around the place it looked filthy and I did notice a fly that kept flying around, which is not something I want to see or deal with when I'm eating. The paint on the walls was brown which I can only imagine is there to hide the grime. I wonder when the last time was that the whole restaurant received a good cleaning. From the attitude of the waitress, I am doubt it has been recent. Additionally, the service station is visible and there was a tacky sign that said "EMPLOYEES ONLY" for the kitchen -- of course it is employee's only.  We had horrible service. Our waitress acted like she had somewhere better to be. She also ignored us when it came time to pay the check which we waited forever for. We tried to flag her down but she wouldn't look at us and literally walked out the front door -- doing who knows what -- only to return 15 minutes later!  I had the tandoori chicken. Overall the food was very bland; I wonder if there was salt and pepper used in the making of it. It all seemed pre-cooked. The sauce that it came with was okay. Parts of the rice seemed undercooked. It was like good rice mixed in with bad rice. The rice should be the same consistency throughout. When we got our coke it tasted like it had root beer in it. I wonder if that was because it literally had root beer in it or because the soda dispenser is not clean.   My clothes smell like curry which I could overlook had the place been good.  To the owner or manager who has been replying on all the bad reviews: don't bother doing that on this one. Just take ownership of the criticism and fix the problems. Stop trying to live off your old successes of being on a television show; there are obvious problems with reoccurring themes which you should clearly be able to see from the amount of times you've had to comment on bad reviews. You really need to call Restaurant Impossible.
2 I can only comment on the service as I never got to order. I stood at the door and was ignored numerous times by people walking in and out of the kitchen. When I finally asked to be seated, it seemed like they were being bothered or surprised by my request. After I sat down wherever I wanted, it was quickly evident that I wouldnt be served any time soon, so I just left.
3 Good tikka masala fries. Had lamb curry and chicken Korma. Just ok. Pretty spicy and tasted the same. Probably won't come back. Really needed a refill on my soda and was never offered one. Waitress didn't hear my request in passing me.
1 I make a habit of visiting Food Network locations, and usually they are just as amazing as the show says...Curry Corner is just 'ok'.  I've had Indian/Pakistani food all over the country and this did not stand up to the hype on Food Network.  I've been there 3 times and have had the Chicken Tikka (featured), the Tikka Masala, and the Aloo Saag.  The Chicken Tikka was great, but the other two were the exact same dishes you'd find at any average Indian restaurant.  The food has also been luke-warm every single time, like it had been sitting for about 10 minutes before being brought out.  Food-wise this comes nowhere near the really good Indian places I've been...it's not bad, but not great either.  Now onto the service, which is where most of this review score comes from.  The customer service is TERRIBLE.  Everyone working there acts like they have no idea what's going on, like this is their first time in a restaurant and they don't know how it works.  My party of two had to wait for 15 minutes before being seated and there were only 2 other families in there.  They gave us literally 10 seconds to look at the menu before very briskly asking for our order, and then looking offended when we said we needed more time.  The food took WAY too long (and like I said felt like it had just been sitting), and the check took even longer.  We didn't have a consistent waiter, different people kept coming over to us and I really got the impression that they don't have any type of consistent system for waiting on their guests.  In general, everyone working there acts like they don't care that you came in and are deciding to spend your money there.  It makes me not want to come back.  CURRY CORNER: if you are reading this, go hire a consultant to come in and show you how to run a restaurant.  You really really need some help with this.  The restaurant itself is shabby and the tables and booths are arranged really awkwardly.  It's not particularly clean or festive looking and the fish tank is really really dirty.  I could see into the kitchen and that didn't look very clean either.  There is no music playing and it makes it way too quiet and awkward in there.    Sadly, I don't agree with Guy Fieri on this one.  You can find better food and better service at other Indian spots in Phoenix.
5 After leaving the last review, the owner contacted me apologized and invited us to visit again. We have not go yet, but I will give a 5 start for their positive attitude  :-P I respect business owners that take their customer seriously.
1 Worst paneer tikka masala I have ever had. Had half of my food n left. Couldn't evn finish, it was that bad!!!  My friend ordered biriyani and Saag chicken it wasn't good either !! Oh and I forgot to mention the tikka masala was cold , uncooked , tasteless , salt less and very very watery !! Worst experience ! Nva coming back !!
3 I ordered curry and wasn't totally impressed, especially since this is the specialty.  Both of friends had excellent meals, but mine was just OK.  They did allow us to purchase beer (or wine) at the liquor store next door and bring it into the restaurant.  That is a rare privilege in Arizona.  I will go back and may even try a different type of curry.  The place was packed and everybody else seemed to be enjoying their meals.
5 The food, amazing, try the garlic Naan and if you are a meat eater the Tandori Grill sampler is amazing but I also love the curries as the sauce is amazing with the Naan and the price, extremely affordable - generally about $10 a person and you will leave full. I was actually recommended to try this out well before it was showcased on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. It is a culinary jewel right off of the light rail line.
3 Would love to give this place 5 stars but the service is just so bad here. However, the food is really great!! Our waiter though seemed to be taking care of everyone else but us. Keep in mind this place is very small and wasn't very busy so I don't see why we had to wait so long for any attention. Took about 15 minutes before anyone even said a word to us. Be warned you seat yourself when you come in here and drinks are self serve. Maybe if they had 1 or 2 more waiters working they would be able to handle the customer flow.
4 If I could customize my diet 85% of it would consist of naan bread and egg rolls.  The potato naan here is my manna. The other dishes are solid representations from the mystical sub continent.  I do wish the chicken used in their tika masala was less Gandhi and more meat.
3 Food was Ok.  Service was Ok. Our food came out at different times. Two dishes and naan... Then 10 min later the rice. Then five min later the other two dishes. The cheese cubes inside the paneer tikki masala was good, but the sauce initially tasted like speghetti sauce. The sauce looked different than the chicken tiki masala, which was spicier but tasty. The palak murg was devoid of any flavor but spiciness. Just mashed spinach in oil.
2 Chicken in the Tikka Massala was dark meat which I don't care for. It was a bit grissly. Taste was fair and naan was fair also
4 Love this place. Unfortunately I'm not in Tempe as often as I used to be so don't get to eat here as often as I'd like. The tikka masala fries are awesome as is pretty much everything I've tried from here. Its very well priced compared to some other Indian places I've eaten. I'm giving it 4 stars because I do think there is some room for improvement. For the price its great but I have had better Indian food. Definitely recommend trying it sometime.
3 They have a great variety of non-vegetarian food. But the vegetarian options aren't great. They use too much of color in the food! And the naan (bread) is always too hard.
2 I have eaten here many times, dining in and taking out. I come back for the food, but the service is driving me away. There has not been one time where they did not mess up the order, and the wait has always been trying.
4 Ok, it was almost  a year since I ate here with my wife but I finally signed up for a Yelp account, so here we go...I have been itching to write a review on this place because it is one of those experiences that had such highs and such lows that it kind of eats away at you.....  We are celebrity chef nerds, and try to eat at places that we see on DDD, Anthony Bourdain, etc.  Visiting from Vancouver, B.C., we were looking forward to this spot.  We come from a city that has one of the worlds best Indian chefs, Vikram Vij.  I also had many Indian neighbours growing up.  Finding tin foil packages on the door step, filled with home cooked Indian food is a treat for sure.  Needless to say, we are well versed in quality Indian/Pakistani food.  I even learned many recipes and cooking methods from our Indian neighbours over the years.  Ok enough back up...  I will try to make it short...  For the most part, the food was great.  The curries/sauces were very flavourful and authentic.  The service was ok.  The server we had was a bit on the lacking food knowledge side.  Or at least how to communicate it in English.  We ended up getting what we wanted, so all was good.  Luckily I can say a few cuisine related words in Indian to help him out.  The one thing that was a HUGE disappointment was the goat.  I LOVE goat.  I have had goat at Vij's that makes you wish you ate goat several times a week. Good goat should be fall off the bone, slightly gamey, and like the best pot roast you've ever had but bettter.  The goat here was so bad, I couldn't eat more than half of it.  It was so chewy and gristly that it was embarrassing.  This was the dish that was featured on DDD, and the reason I thought about this place for months???  There is no way a restaurant should ever put out an ingredient that is so far off from its acclaim.  It's maddening.  The curry/sauce was SO amazing that it made it even more maddening.  I ended up having sauce with naan as a meal.  I may visit here again, but I really hope they take their reputation seriously and not follow the few that suffer the fame-to-fail route.  The sounds from all the reviews since my visit here tells me they might very well be going down that path.  It is for this reason that I refuse to try Barrio Cafe... At least until the reviews paint a better picture.
5 After seeing it on tv we had to go try it. It was delicious. Everything was great. The chicken tandoori was perfect. I will be back and you should come try it !
4 I decided to try this place after searching for a good Indian place near me. There's quite a few options in Tempe, but since this place had good reviews I decided to give it a try.  Service was good and the prices were very good. I couldn't decide on what to get but the waitress suggested I try the Arabic Plate. It's not on the menu and has a few items on it. For $11 dollars its a lot of food. I opted for Garlic Naan with my dish. The Butter Chicken and Tikka Masala were delicious. The Hummus was good and the rice was tasty. The Garlic Naan was fresh and warm.   The service was good and the food was tasty. I will be back.
2 This place comes highly recommended within my little group of friends but Overall wasn't super impressed.  I ordered the tika masala chicken & it was super good one on the best flavored masala sauces I have eaten anywhere.  If only everything on the menu was this good.  My husband ordered goat.    It was mostly grissle and bones.  the little bit of edible meat was dry and tasteless.    Nann is also dry and tasteless.  Prices are expensive.  There is no buffet.  service is terrible (rude, sloppy, listless, and supper supper slow).
3 Pretty good.  + Located in a strip mall next to a tattoo shop. Lots of parking, which is a plus. + Staff are friendly and restaurant is clean. - Bathroom isn't so clean. + Food is good, and not spicy if you have a sensitive stomach. I think it could have used more of a kick, though, to be honest. - Flavors are solid but maybe a little watered down. I'd have to try more dishes to really say for sure. + Chicken tikka masala is a safe way to go if you've never had Indian food. + Reasonable prices.  I'll be back.
4 Like the food here. It has that "home cooked.. by mom"  taste. Their non veg thali is the best and so is the biriyani. I gave a star less for this place for 2 reasons... they do not know how to season the food.. too little salt and the guys attending you could be rude and intimidating. They could learn how to treat customers well. But if you think only about food..its a good place.
3 It's good. Just one issue: seems dirty
4 This place has such delicious food and I have never had a bad experience there. The cheese naan is out of this world good - it is light and flavorful and just the right combination of crispy outside and soft inside. I love that there are so many meatless options.   The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because every time I go, the water is constantly running in the women's bathroom. It never shuts off, and that bothers me. I hate wasting resources and for the water to ALWAYS run - that is a bit excessive to me  please fix your sink so I can update this review and change the rating to 5 stars!! Thank you!!
2 So we finally checked this place out based on Guy's recommendation on his show and I really just don't get it We ordered the garlic naan, rice biryani, chicken tikka masala and the chicken korma. The curries were both very thin and lacking the depth of flavors I am used to. The chicken korma really wasn't that good at all - the tikka masala was better but still not that great. I was really disappointed! The biryani was ok but lack luster. The best was the garlic naan probably. There are many other indian restaurants that are far supreme to this one (sorry to say). Although I am fine with dives, this place does need to work on its appearance inside. It just seemed not clean. Not going back. Sorry...
4 Came here late at night after a road trip near closing time - the staff was very accommodating and allowed us to dine in even though they were doing take=out only at that point.  The mango lassi was excellent - a little bit on the sweet side (I usually like it a little tart), but tasted like it was made from real mangoes rather than the prepackaged stuff. The chicken boti was some of the best I've tasted - the meat was juicy and fully flavored, and the spiced onions complement it nicely.  Though the atmosphere seems like it's geared towards the college crowd from nearby ASU, Curry Corner is a great place to get a nice filling meal, and I'd definitely consider coming back if I'm in town again.
2 This restaurant has average Indian food but the reason why it gets 2 stars is because of thier horrible customer service. Forgetting drinks, naan, and rice. Only bringing them after the meal was finished.
