5 I had a fantastic experience at Town and Country!  I am a second-time car buyer (first time, bought new; second time, wanted a more expensive model that I couldn't afford new), but was dreading the process of dealing with a "used car salesman."  I can truly say purchasing through Town and Country (Ron and Jay were my salesmen) was a pleasurable experience.  I am very rarely inclined to write a Yelp review, but I feel these folks deserve it. I will refer all of my friends to Town and Country Motors.
1 After looking at the others reviews, my opinion is very different. I purchased a 2004 Ford Explorer from this dealer. After I asked many question concerning the vehicle, I was told that its inspection was Perfect. Well long story short, I got the vehicle in January, the entire transmission went out the beginning of May ($1800) little while later the radiator exploded ($905) and even after putting $304 into a new air conditioning system, I am still sweltering in the 109 heat because it doesn't work properly. When I called to see if there was anything that could be done, I was told rather harshly "Well your 15 day cool down period is over". Guess we all play the fool sometimes. Sorry but the customer service, and the fact that I was sold a "lemon" even after I was guaranteed a good quality car keep my review negative.
5 One of the easiest car buying transactions I've had the pleasure of experiencing.   The car that was advertised was EXACTLY as it was advertised and the price as advertised. I've discovered that to be a very rare occurrence, amongst most other local car dealers, in the Phoenix Metro area.   The staff was very friendly and bonus points for being dog lovers (they have a gorgeous, well mannered dog, on site).   No haggle, no muss, no fuss. We inspected it, drove it, decided to buy it and wrote the paperwork up and drove it home. Easy-peasy.   They have a lot of vehicles on site and wide selection, but we knew specifically which one we wanted and only looked at the one we found advertised, on Craigslist.   I would definitely buy from them, again.
