4 I came here for lunch and got the orange chicken.  They served wonton chips with the meal, which is always appreciated.  The battered chicken pieces were tender, the sauce was not too overpowering, the portions were good and the price was right.  What else can I say?  It's good Americanized Chinese food.
5 I've been looking for a good chinese restaurant since I moved to Henderson a year ago, and China Tango is it! We've been a couple of times for takeout and they have added free egg rolls each time to our order. They are delicious! The food has been great every time, and I haven't had anything that I didn't love. I would highly recommend China Tango for a great inexpensive lunch. They have a lunch special for around $6.00. The portions are extremely generous.
5 Excellent.....really fresh food. The service was amazing, not to be outdone by the food. Egg rolls and fried wonton - to die for!
2 It started out with last night being so beautiful that Eric R. and I decided to go for a walk.  He asked what places to eat were over in the Smith's shopping center, and we meandered across the freeway.  We noticed China Tango was new, but I saw Jennifer C.'s review and knew at least a big plate of rice included with a dish would make Eric happy.  It looks like we should order at the counter, but the cashier handed us a menu and told us to sit at a booth since we were dine-in.  He gave us a styrofoam bowl of fried wonton strips and a plastic sauce cup of sweet n sour.  We got small styrofoam cups of water, styrofoam plates, and mini plastic forks.  We decided on egg drop soup (I was skeptical because soup was pricey like $5.25) and ginger and onion beef.  The soup came out immediately in a big plastic tub with a plastic spoon (not a ladle).  It had corn in it and was hot, just hard to serve in these small styrofoam bowls we had and little plastic spoons to eat it with.    The ginger and onion beef had lots of green onions (good), bamboo shoots, red onions, and ginger.  Without a doubt, we received a huge plate of white rice.  The beef though - it looked good, but the texture was horrible.  You could call it "cheap meat" but I could not chew it.  I tried a few times and ended up spitting it out each time.  I ate the green onions with my rice instead.  At least the sauce was okay.  For the inedible dish and expensive soup, it was over $18.  Imagine if each person got a dish, yikes!  There is no value for your money.  Just lots and lots of styrofoam...! Will not return!
2 A couple of years ago we used to drive to a location of theirs all the up in Anthem. It wasn't close to home but we thought the food was yummy so a little out of the way we drove.... So I was happily surprised when driving in Green Valley one day looking for somewhere to eat - I spotted China Tango.  We each tried a lunch special which consisted of free fried wontons,egg drop soup, eggrolls,fried rice, fried noodles (chow mein) and General Tsou's Chicken & sweet N sour chicken.  Fried wontons & egg flower soup - BLEH.... Veggie Eggrolls were filled with cabbage only and the cabbage was not even soft/cooked inside so it was a weird texture.  I asked if we could have white meat chicken instead of dark meat and the server said sure. I was happy about that.... Not for long - the pieces of the chicken looked big but the actual chicken pieces were so tiny that most of the chicken pieces were just crispy breading. Disappointing!!!!  The fried rice was OK but the fried noodles were bland and yucky. I don't enjoy fried noodles when it looks like spaghetti not chow mein noodles. The server even walked by us and said "Guess you didn't like the fried noodles..." He suggested to us that the next time we come we should just order double fried rice. I'm not too sure if they'll be a next time....  The guy behind the counter was nice and they were accommodating in reguards to the request of white chicken and if my daughter can eat her slice of pizza inside but the food just wasn't what we remembered enjoying like at the Anthem location and my fortune inside my fortune cookie was freaky- it just said "Learn Chinese"..... The BF thinks my fortune was just prepairing me for the future.
4 Love the chow mein noodles! Best I have ever had! Lunch specials are $6-8 and large portions. Servers are sweet. Its a cozy, clean, and open environment. only downside is if it is lunch time and you dont get the specials...food takes about 20 minutes and tastes old. Family business. Lunch time is quiet with only one or two couples rotating in and out. Dinner time has more couples and small families, always a table ready quickly though.
4 I was in the area and decided to grab a quick lunch!  Let me tell you, the food is yummy!  It's tasty like a nicer Chinese place with the price of a fast food joint.  I got crispy noodles with dipping sauce, egg drop soup, fried rice, lo mein, and sauteed veggies (all included in the lunch special) for just under 6 bucks!  Highly recommended for a nice bite in the Green Valley area.
4 China Tango is one of the Chinese restaurants that I dine in before the 4 pm lunch special ends. It has been open approximately a year (used to dine here when it was Pick Up Stix).   The atmosphere is more restaurant than take out. There is more of a wait person presence.    Before you order your food, they bring you egg drop soup. I hope it is included with all dine in meals. Not too much later, they bring crunchy noodles with duck sauce. If you order soda, they will fill it at the fountain for you. Last but not least, they will deliver your entree with the included fried rice and chow mein noodles.   The lunch special tops off at $6.50. Soda is not included. The bill for the lunch special with a soda totals up to close to $10 before the tip (a tip jar).    I rate China Tango four stars. The quality, starting from the crunchy noodles to the fortune cookie is high.   A word of advice: Look at the menu outside. Once your inside, they'll sit you down, and before you know it they'll be serving you egg drop soup. This could make some people, myself included, feel awkward if there is nothing here that suits your taste.
5 We have eaten in and ordered delivery from China Tango many times now.  They have added free items each time to our delivery order.  The food is excellent every time with very generous portions.  Delivery is extremely fast. The only possible complaint we've had would be a bit of a language barrier (we do not speak Chinese) while ordering, but they are very friendly and patient.
5 Hubby and I tried this place for the first time a couple weeks ago. I was in search of Bubble Tea and discovered they had it. The food was amazing and the Thai Tea (with boba...hubby got a smoothie with boba) was what put this place up and over the top for us. We went back again this afternoon for lunch and was pleasantly surprised with 2 free egg rolls. We have found our new favorite Chinese restaurant!!!
5 My favorite take out Chinese in the neighborhood. Their food is good and they have some healthy option with low sodium and oil. Also, they can make some really spicy mongolian beef. Trust me, if you want some good spicy food to sober up. This is where you should go.
4 Went there for lunch, was very impressed. The place was clean the service was good.  I ordered the Mongolian beef lunch special which was 5.75. It came with soup, I had the hot and sour which was good. The Mongolian beef was really good, there was a decent amount of meat and it had good flavor. It paired well with the Chow mein it came with. I will be back to try different dishes.
4 After a play date at the playground, my friend & I wanted to get something to eat with the kids so I looked on yelp and found this spot. They were very helpful in seating us (2 adults plus 4 kids) and then they gave us some free egg flower soup and free appetizers (wonton chips & egg rolls) which kept the kids busy. We bought 4 plates shared to share and we even had some to take home to our hubbies!!   another FAST, FRIENDLY, FLAVORFUL place!!!
4 I'm not a super huge fan of Chinese food, usually because of textural issues, but I come here a lot because 1) it's right across the street from where I work and 2) my husband loves it.  He swears their wonton soup has magical healing properties and that's why I get it for him every time he's sick. Their Orange Chicken and Mongolian Beef are also tasty.  The staff is super friendly every time we go and I appreciate that. The only real downside is that the parking in this little shopping center sucks. Other than that, I love this place.
5 Good consistent casual Chinese food at a great value.   Located close to home, China Tango is on the corner of N Green Valley Pkwy & Pebble Rd. I've been meaning to write them a review for some time, so here it is. Whether I've dined in, gotten delivery or carry-out (I've done all three numerous times!) I haven't been disappointed with their food, service, and overall experience. It's been my go-to spot for fast, affordable Chinese food.  What I love:  - No MSG. Enough said. - They offer brown rice. Healthy! - Generous portions. Cause we're hungry people! Or we just love leftovers. - Lunch specials are till 4pm. Who can always fit lunch before 2pm? - Lots of vegetables. Crispy veggies too, not the gross wilted ones you get at other places.  They have all the traditional orders, from chow mein, sweet & sour pork, orange chicken, honey walnut shrimp, fried rice, hot & sour soup, it goes on and on. Prices range from $7.25-$9.95. Lunch is from $5.95-$6.50, which includes fried or steamed rice & chow mein & egg drop soup (dine-in only). Complete family dinners start from $24.95 & they serve Thai tea or fruit smoothies with boba.  Most importantly, they've always been timely. Food is served fast, carry-out is ready, and delivery is always punctual.   Tasty, affordable, reliable. It's not gourmet, but it's fresh, clean Chinese for a great price! I'll be back soon :)
4 Decided to get food to go from here. Placed an order on the phone and was told the food would be ready in 5-10 minutes. Reached there 10 minutes later and the order was ready. Wanted to use a coupon for free egg rolls with an order over $10 and told the guy me he would include them. They gave me 3 free egg rolls instead of 2:) Good for me, bad for my weight!! I tried the kung pao shrimp and requested them to make it medium spicy.  The servings of the shrimp as well  as the rice it comes with are super generous, and there was enough for 2 - 3 people. The shrimp itself tasted great. Was the perfect blend of spice and flavor.  The restaurant had just one family dining in when I went to pick up my order at around 6 in the evening, but their phone was ringing continuously, and there were several take out orders lying ready to be picked up.  I will try this place again sometime.
4 Based on the other reviews, I wanted to give this place a try.  I tried the Kung Pao Combo with brown rice. It was really good.  I'll definitely be back.
4 This place was pretty good. We got two dinners take out and the food was cooked well and completely. It was not too salty. The egg rolls were just meh but the Cashew Chicken was really good and the veggies were not mushy! The egg drop soup was pretty tasty and the portion was very large so we had leftovers for lunch the next day.
5 I remember when this place first opened and I tried their food it was so delicious.   First off, the place is always clean. The guy handling the money doesn't handle the food and vice versa. I never have to worry about looking for the table with the least amount if food left on it from previous guests, because the staff keep them clean.    The staff there are very kind and are patient as i always want to try something different so I may take a few minutes to figure out what I want or if I actually want it. The same people are always there and the guy at the front knows what my co worker is going to order when we get there. If you dine in you get bottomless fried wonton noodles which are so good! They are also very quick; when you order, the food is out in less than ten minutes.   Rice is a big thing with me as I feel it can make a meal taste great or make you want to throw it in the garbage, but can't cause that's a waste. The rice, both fried and steamed is very tasty and not dry which is one thing I hate about rice at other restaurants. Also the rice isn't mushy. I usually get sautéed vegetables and I don't want my meal to end. The vegetables are so fresh and crunchy and the sauce they use is so magnificent I love it! Their chow mien also tastes great and I'm not too much of a chow mien person.     Lunch specials are very inexpensive and are reasonably portioned. I almost always have left overs. The time for the linch specials goes till 4p, so if you go close to that time, you can have dinner too!  Overall, I choose this place over any other Chinese place in the area and I've been to almost all of them. Can't beat the cleanliness, service, prices and of course the food!
1 GROSSSSSSSS!!!!!!! I got the orange chicken. It was a ball of way to sweet bread fluff with a tiny piece of chicken in the middle. Kind of expensive for how bad the food was too. It is fast food so at least be cheap and bad geez!! never again.
3 First timers sampling the delicacies here...decided to do the take out dinner so we ordered mongolian beef, orange chicken, honey walnut shrimp, house fried rice and wonton soup online. Initially I had opted for delivery but since we lived beyond their 5 mile radius, I had to pick the order up. The food was ready when I arrived. I quickly surveyed the small restaurant and it did look very clean. We all thought that what we ordered tasted ok...not over the top. I'm a big fan of honey walnut shrimp but the way they prepared their version was different than what I'm used to. Most places I've been to have used a mayo glaze but at China Tango they use a mustard like glaze? The wonton soup was tasty.  Should I return, I'll dine at the restaurant and I'd like to give their chow fun or chow mein a try.
3 Mediocre Chinese food. Ok quality meat but no taste with sauces. The fish was good but they just use salt and pepper for seasoning. The soup was really hot which was nice.... I would come here again for the soup only or if there was nothing else...kinda why I came here in the first place.
3 disappointed..good but.. Love the Summerlin location.   This was our first visit here. an intense craving for some Chinese Food. as we walked in we were immediately greeted and he was friendly. It was quite busy with guests waiting for take out and dine-in .  It was well kept & Clean.  We waited approximately 15 minutes for our two dishes to be prepared.  1st dish was the shrimp, honey walnut (could be better)  2nd tofu and veggies  (better)
4 fast and friendly service. came in on a saturday night around 6p and the place wasnt terribly busy...  we were looking for a some quick food before hitting the theatres at green valley ranch..  ordered the egg drop soup, eggplant and tofu, and ginger beef with green onion.  egg drop soup was unspectacular, not good and not bad... fortunately, the other 2 dishes were quite good, the eggplant was fresh and combined with the flavorful tofu, the dish was amazing.  next up was the ginger beef dish, i would have eaten it all had the portions been smaller, but that was definitely a plus.  big portions, simply said!!!  i will be returning to sample their other dishes... 4 stars simply because i think their AC wasnt working very well and it was quite warm inside the restaurant.  -link
4 I love this place! My boyfriend and I have been going here since they first opened and we have never been let down by China Tango. The flavors are great and portions are copious. I almost always have food to take home! The prices aren't bad considering how much you get and how delicious the food is! The chow mein and the tofu with eggplant entrees are the most greasy dishes in my opinion but worth eating. ;D I recently found out they have a website up (finally!) so you can place the orders online on view their menu items which made my last experience even more convenient. They're precise with any special requests we have had on our orders and overall pretty friendly. My favorite dishes are the honey walnut shrimp and Ma Po Tofu with pork. :)
4 This place was great as far as fast Chinese food goes, it was inexpensive, tasted good, great portion,  and fast the little china man literally ran from his car to my office which shaved like 3 more seconds off the delivery time. The order was all correct and the food was hot. The only thing I did not like was the hot mustard was watery, not sure if thats standard for them or if  they were near the bottom of the last bucket and delivery day was a couple days away. Overall I am satisfied and I will order from here rather than China A Go Go.
4 Really good food and cheap delivery fee..perfect for those days you can't get off the couch and need your cliche chinese take out!
4 Excellent Chinese food and fast delivery and service!  I have had the sweet and sour chicken, kung pao chicken, hot spicy garlic chicken, and mongolian beef.  All were done very well and the cuts of meat are very lien.  I have special ordered my food without onions without any issue.  The crab rangoons are a must!
4 We have ordered from here a few times now.  The food has been consistently good and the delivery service very fast.  The sweet & sour pork was really tasty.  My spouse loved the Pad Thai Spicy Noodle.  They paid attention to the notes I added to my order and were happy to change the Pad Thai to be vegetarian, no problem.  Always a great experience with China Tango, our new go-to Chinese food restaurant!
4 Very fast and simple take out.  The online ordering is incredibly easy and simple.  Can't say enough about how simple they make it to order online!  Love the Pad Thai and honey walnut shrimp!!  Staff is very friendly!  I would recommend anytime.
5 This place is awesome! Not only are the meals fresh hot and fast, they deliver very fast too..  Everyone there is extremely nice and helpful!
4 I'm chowing down on this right now! It's pretty tasty, and the portions are HUGE! The combo fried rice (chicken, pork and shrimp) is a great choice, and that plus wontons and a drink is about the same price as I would pay for just the fried rice at some places.  But the best part: the delivery is SUPER fast! I was quoted 30-45 minutes wait time, but dinner was here in just 20. It was still piping hot at my door. Definitely going into my list of "totally lazy night" dinner options, right next to pizza and... uh... pizza.
4 As far as fast American-Chinese food goes, this place is doing a very good job. We ordered the Hong Kong Style Chow Mein and General Chicken. Both very tasty. So, reasonably priced and tastes good. Plus, you can order online at their web site apparently.  Most order for pick-up, but it's an okay place to eat at.
5 Decent portion size. Right price for the neighborhood. Super fast cook time. Literally called, left office, got in car, arrived and picked up food. Less then 5 minutes. I'll return.
5 Everything is made to order and its all fresh, good service, stupid cheap. I'm blown away.
4 Great place for cheap chinese lunch! I love their spicy garlic chicken! They have a really good flavor. Additionally, it's finally nice to find a restaurant that has consistency. Every time I had their spicy garlic chicken, it always tasted the same (:  Also the staff is friendly and their food in general is pretty good.   I would definitely recommend this place for lunch dine-in specials (they gave you egg drop soup and some wonton chips).
4 Love their food!  Friendly fast service. Spicy Eggplant with Tofu is killer...My only criticism would be the Styrofoam they serve the food on.
5 Awesome food and very traditional food available! My husband worked in Shanghai and was impressed with selection and that those dishes that aren't normally available here could be found here. You have to include House Fried Rice, YUMMY!!!!!
5 For the money, this the is the best, most consistently enjoyable Chinese restaurant that I've ever experienced. It's not high-end by any means, but is a great value. I've eaten here on average once per month for the past year and have never been disappointed. I always do take-out and the food is fresh and hot whenever I pick it up.
5 This super fast Chinese restaurant is my local favorite. My husband and I order takeout from here a few times per month. The food is always tasty, the vegetables are always crisp and we have yet to have a bad item here. They offer brown rice which is awesome, the soups are fresh, and the entrees are very tasty and nothing has ever been overly salty. This is a great place with quick service and inexpensive prices.
5 I literally just ordered this, and it got here in only 15 minutes. ARE YOU KIDDING? It takes me 20 minutes to decide what to watch on YouTube! And the food is hot and yes, very delicious.  China Tango, I have a fifth star, and it's for you.
5 I have been searching for good Chinese food ever since I moved in the area 6 years ago. Not sure how I missed this little gem! Everything I have tried I have loved!!  I'm a huge fan of hot and sour soup. They add seafood to there's and now I can't have plain hot and sour ever again! : ) Love this place
5 It is rare that I find a restaurant that truly impresses me. From the time that I walked in the door and had my food at the table was maybe 5 mins. The lunch specials are really great for a quick meal. I would not call this "authentic" Chinese, but then again I don't think most people could handle authentic food from many nations. Service was very good, food tasted great and spicy. I would have given this place 4 stars, however the fact that they had Thai iced tea won me over immediately. I plan on returning very soon.
5 The yelp/online ordering process was error-free. Every dish we ordered was outstanding.
5 Quality over quantity is the important thing when it comes to food.  This place has both!    I ordered a plate of sesame chicken to share and it was big enough for 3 people! A real authentic chinese restaurant is hard to come by these days.  I usually try to look for hole in the wall places but this place is just that but in a great location.
5 I like their orange and sesame chicken so far. Im really picky with food so i think they're doing a great job. The workers always keep the place clean and they are never too busy to refill your water cup. My cup was only halfway through and they go ahead and fill it up again. I really like that because i hate it when my glass is empty and i have to wait 10 minutes for someone to come by so i can ask for some water and they end up taking several more minutes before giving it to me. So thumbs up for the customer service! They are very nice and friendly so i am never uncomfortable ordering my food. i forgot to mention that their house special fried rice is pretty good too! Cheap price for good food. I give you 5 stars  keep up the good work!
5 A hidden gem in Las Vegas!   My wife and I have come here multiple times and never have we been disappointed.   The food is always hot and in large portions. We have always gone for the lunch specials.  You get egg drop soup with crunchy noodles. Plus your entree with rice and noodles. That all is for in room dinning.  Also, Average prices boba.   The service is great too! The majority of workers have simple English, however they are fast to serve you. They are super friendly and smile. They do their best to serve you.   Great spot for anyone in the south part of Las Vegas or Henderson.
3 Chow Fun with white meat chicken is always delicious. Crab Ragoon is a nice side dish. It is fast food,  but better than panda.
4 shrimp chow is what we are having today for a late lunch. It is tasty  as always. normally we come for dinner time, but it is just a good.
5 My daughter and I ordered from China Tango with their WONDERFUL online ordering system. We even made substitutions and everything arrived perfect and our last request was that it arrive hot, not cold.   WOW! The food was fresh, excellent, hot upon arrival and we are now BIG FANS! We ordered Vegetable fried rice (perfect - no mushy vegetables). Egg rolls that were not greasy or soggy. Crisp and light. Pork Chow Mein and it could not have been better! Kung Pao Chicken with a substitution for snow peas. OMG -- we had enough left overs for another full meal+.  And so close to home. What a treasure to find China Tango!
5 My family had a craving for some Chinese food, but didn't feel like going out. Luckily, we found China Tango delivers. We had the Cashew Chicken, Sweet and Sour Chicken, and the Chicken in Garlic Sauce. All were absolutely delicious and, to our pleasant surprise, still piping hot upon delivery! Our meals were all lunch specials that cost about $6 per plate and the portions were so generous that we have leftovers in the fridge to enjoy again tomorrow.   This restaurant gets 5 stars from me and my family for its delicious food, the ease and quality of delivery, and most of all for the pleasant staff! Despite confusion with getting to my house (entirely my bad! So sorry!) the man was completely kind and my food still fresh. Thanks for the great service!
4 This place was pretty good!! Very clean, friendly and fast. The prices are good too for what you get. My only complaint is the fact that they gave us Styrofoam cups, but its no biggy. the food was pretty good, not greasy and flavorful.
4 For good Chinese food fast China Tango is really the way to go. It's definitely not gourmet Chinese food by any means, it's a good place to fill you up on a budget. In addition, they have a good family meal option for a fair price, which is nice if you have kids (and you have several options for the dinner, and they are not stingy on the choices).  The chicken and broccoli, salt and pepper shrimp, the war wonton soup, and the orange chicken are very good. I especially like the crab rangoons, and the fried dumplings. If you are looking for a fast and friendly place for Chinese food, on a budget, look no further!
5 This is my favorite Chinese food place in Henderson! I have yet to try a single thing that I don't like, though I have to say the pot stickers are my favorite (you HAVE to try them)! Prices are reasonable and delivery is always quick.
2 Sorry to disappoint! I was honestly surprised to see the solid 4 star reviews when I yelped this place AFTER (yes, after) I had lunch here. I was quickly seated upon my arrival (yes, you get wait service when you aren't doing takeout) and asked for my drink order. Upon receiving my drink order I was given egg drop soup and fried wonton strips. I wish I could have been given a choice because I didn't touch either one and am still feeling guilt for wasting food! He took my order and before I could blink my food was at my table!   So, A+ and bravo for the really great service and large and generous food portions.. But the taste was a no go for me. I am far from a picky eater, but I ended up just eating the fried rice from my meal. I got Kung Pao chicken, and it just wasn't right. The sauce just tasted like a... molten salt lick. No sweetness, a hint of tangy, a ton of salt. And when placing my order, the server warned me it would be spicy, maybe the salt killed the spice? And the texture of the chicken wasn't appealing for my mouth either. One of the reviewers commented on how they deep fry everything which can answer to the texture of the chicken.  I'm glad this is well liked by the community, and I understand why due to the speediness, heaping portions, and small cost, but next time I'll stick with what I know I like.
