5 Fabulous. Everything we had was great. I had a southwestern omelet that was out of this world. Service is great. If you are staying at the Boulders Resort, don't waste your time and money dinning off the property for breakfast -- this place has everybody beat.
4 This is the Boulders resort main restaurant. We arrived at the hotel as weary travelers both hungry and tired. The restaurant is beautiful. The service was friendly and excellent. The dinner was a wonderful surprise for the start of our vacation. The next morning we had breakfast on the beautiful outdoor patio and the rancho huevos was the best I ever had. Very happy to have a dining this good at the resort when often the inclination is to drive about to find a good restaurant.
4 Service was impeccable both from the Hostess and our very knowledgeable and gracious Server, David. Food was perfectly prepared. I had the Grouper special and fiancé had the Short Rib. The Wine List by the glass and bottle service was impressively extensive. Definitely recommend.
3 We had dinner here one evening while staying at the resort  and had no complaints.   I had the half ceasar as an appetizer wich was to my liking though i have had better in the past.   As an entree i had the doubleglazed baconwrapped meatloaf with mashed potatoes and redwine/mushroom sauce. This was a really delicious meatloaf with soft and creamy mash and tasty sauce. I would definatly have this again if i ever go back.   The halfportion of coconut cake was about a fullsize for me as a scandinavian but a nice end to the meal.   Price was not cheap and not expensive but somewhere in between.   A bottle of wine started at about 30 $.  Service level was high!
4 While technically we didn't eat in the restaurant (we ate in the lounge), the food came from the same kitchen.  The salads were awesome but they lost a point on the dessert.
5 Enjoyed dinner here.   The service and ambiance were spectacular.  We had the octopus appetizer special which was rich in flavors and very unique.   The scallops and ribeye were likewise very flavorful. Highly recommend dining here and ask for the outdoor patio.
