5 Great office! Wonderful experience the whole way through....they answered the phone right away, got my daughter in the same day, we were seen right after we signed in and the staff and Dr. A were super friendly! Great with children! I didn't feel like we were being rushed at all. We will definitely be returning :)
5 Dr Limkemann is such a great Doctor.  He was referred to me by a good friend and I started taking my sons to see him for their well checks.  I was so impressed that I also began seeing him as a patient.  He takes his time with you and makes you feel very comfortable.  His office staff is so friendly and accommodating.  I never have to wait in their waiting room and I have not had a problem getting same day appointments.  I highly recommend him!
5 I went here because it is right around the corner from my house. I rarely have to go to the doctor, one of those people that just rarely gets sick. But as I am getting older, I thought a yearly trip was about time.  Dr. Limkemann is a really good guy. He really takes time to explain the how and why. His office is friendly and accommodating, the few appointments I have had to make are usually same or next day.
5 We love this office. Dr. Limkemann is great he takes time with you and is very friendly. I started going there and now my whole family goes there and they know my voice on the phone. They offer same day appointments.
5 Amazing office staff! Very impressed. Dr. L is most definitely a patient advocate, not *just* a Dr. !!
2 Had issue with office staff, they decided it was acceptable to be rude to me. When I asked Dr for suggestions for a new doctor, he knew exactly why and never asked me what happened. Very disappointed and short sighted. I could tell by the look on his face his opinion of me had changed and given the nature of my last visit which was extremely personal, he should have made the recommendation for me to see another doctor prior to seeing me medically.
5 Probably the best doctor's office I've ever been to, and Dr. Linkemann is certainly up there with the best.  The most important thing I can say is that he takes all the time needed to listen to you, talk about your needs, and do a very thorough exam.  He also takes excellent notes on a laptop so followup visits don't have to start with re-hashing the previous discussions and visits.  The office staff has always been excellent and I never have to wait to be seen.  I'm usually brought in before my appointment time.  I don't think I've ever had to wait past my appointment, which is rare with almost any service.  They're very tech-aware so you can request appointments right on their web site and view your medical records online.  I usually get an appointment that's within 24 hours of requesting it.
