2 The fried rice is typically too dry, chicken can be impressive if you are there for a fresh batch.  Overall it's a hit and miss, more often a miss.  Considering the masses of college students, faculty and staff that go through the line.  Also that it needs to fit into a college budget, I probably shouldn't be surprised that my taste buds are rarely blown away.
4 Quality food. I got a bowl of chicken and seasame rice with 2 Crab Ragoon for $5.75. Pretty cheap if you ask me. The small bowl is plenty large for 1 hungry person or two average(ly) hungry people.  Crab ragoons were not the best I've ever had, filling had a lot of interesting spices I'm not used to but they weren't bad.
3 Unless you're someone who could eat sesame chicken for days, Ginger Root is typically associated with lackluster lunch options and loooooong lines at noon. It might be because it's the only decent option for students nearby who can't be bothered to bring their own lunch or eat somewhere farther. The typical lunch selection includes beef with broccoli, red or green curry with chicken or shrimp, sesame chicken, and a veggie stir-fry. The consistency varies, sometimes it's too salty, sometimes it's not salty enough, sometimes there's too much vinegar, and the rice generally makes me sad.   BUT WAIT!  Their dinner option, which I tried for the first time today, is something to look forward to. It's choose-your-own stir-fry, with the option of 3 veggies, 1 meat, choice of sauce, and choice of rice, all for under $7. Since it's made to order, it can be a bit of a wait, but then there's the sesame chicken bowl again, which would help you cut the line and save you from having to make any decisions.
1 If the only thing worth getting here is the sesame chicken, why bother?  I took a year moratorium to see if things would improve. Nope, nope, nope.  I occasionally make the mistake of getting their stir-fry just to see what it tastes like.  It certainly doesn't taste like any of the vegetables in the dish are actually there. Completely coated with oil, it masks all the taste in the dish.  It's suspect whether ginger is actually used in any of the available entrees; it's a mundane expedition through flavorless textures.  The menu has hardly changed in the two years+ since opening, other than adding the 'big bowl' of soup.  For all the options for chinese around the area, this place only has the convenience going for it.    Maybe it's time for the students to rise up and demand some better options at the Union South as we pay over $250 a semester for the building from our seg fees.  :)
1 Some of the worst asian food in Madison. Prices are good, but the flavors were bland and uninspiring. I tried the mango tofu, and even though there were a lot of vegetables and it looked pretty, it had almost no flavor. The sesame chicken was bland and had been sitting out. The fried rice was fried orzo, and it had no flavor. The chicken egg roll was okay. Even the soda machines were disappointing, they didn't have enough syrup in the Pepsi Max dispenser, so I got a glass of funky off colored carbonated water.  I don't plan on going back.
2 Asian fusion is about right - the Thai curries basically come across as a mess that really taste nothing like Thai curry I've had in more authentic Thai restaurants. I have tried a few other dishes and at least give them points for trying - the meals typically look colorful and appetizing and with enough fish sauce, chili paste, or soy sauce, you can transform it into something edible. Other pros, the dishes don't seem greasy which is a plus to me. The prices are also super reasonable.
3 I always find myself gravitating towards Ginger Root when I'm at Union South, not because I find the name particularly attractive or their menu particularly appealing, but because it is (sadly) one of the healthier options there. The portions are also extremely generous for the price. A $5/small bowl (your choice of rice + one entree) can usually tide me over until dinner.  Other than that, there is not much to say about Ginger Root. If you are a fan of Panda Express, you might find some comfort in the look and taste of the food here. If you are looking for 'authentic' Chinese food, you'll be hard pressed to find something here that will meet your standards.
