1 ive never waited for more than 20 mins at a fast food burger place. i kept telling my wife that it was a good sign and that it just means that the food will be super fresh. not so much. the fries were prob reheated at least twice as they looked old and the burger meat was on the cold side as well. ill just stick to freddys or in-n-out!!
1 **HORRIBLE** If you are from mid-west (WI) and expecting the same food/service, YOU WILL BE MISTAKING Their 'scoops' are like table spoons and they can't get an order right; guess that is reflective of the high school kids working there.  I've given them 5-6 tries since they opened, EVERY TIME telling myself to complain; figured cuz they were new.  TERRIBLE!  I hope the others in the area are better; this one needs new managers and/or an owner to stop up
4 Tried this location after often going to the Peoria near Cactus location. Was very happy with the meal and my daughter wanted a dinner so she ordered the chopped steak and was happy with her meal. This will be a regular family spot as we were all so full afterward.
3 Burger-good, real good Fries-just fries, need to crisp them or something Custard-delicious! Choc shake-delicious
5 Always greeted when you walk in the door, fast good service, great food and deserts. Clean restrooms and dinning area.
5 Amazing food. Fantastic service.  Thanks Joe
5 Great food..great service..always clean..
5 One of my favs, place is always clean and I'm always greeted with a smile.
5 Yummy treats and great service.
5 This was my first visit to a Culver's restaurant. My first observation was the outside area, it was clean and litter free with ample parking. The inside was also very clean and neat, as was the bathroom.  The owner of the store personally took my order and he was friendly and very professional. I ordered the "Culvers Deluxe" platter, which included fries and a drink. The double meat, double cheese burger came piled high with bacon and fresh veggies. The burger was excellent, hot and plenty of juice. Fries were ok, crispy, could have been more of them. Overall, prices are about average for a burger combo. The food was above average for a fast food joint. The staff was friendly and helpful. I give Culver's a thumbs up and I am sure I will visit them again.
3 Butter buns..ummm..passed this time!  I tried the pot roast dinner.  Not bad.  The meat was tender and the side portion of mash potatoes and greens were good.  The dining room was full of  families.  There's something for everyone from burgers, cheese curds, shakes, sundaes to pot roast and fried chicken. If you have kids, check this place out! Clean, good food and the staff is friendly and helpful.
2 New to this area and had never seen this chain before so decided to give it a shot. The food is good as far as flavor, the issue I have is the meat to bun ratio. The burgers have little more meat on them than a Krystal or White Castle but they have a full size bun. Just wish for a little more. Malts are great though!
5 This Culver's is always clean and the staff is very friendly & attentive. The custard is to die for, you won't be disappointed! My favorites flavors of the day are the Bonfire Smores, Mint Explosion, Salted Carmel Banana Nut and Double Marshmallow Oreo. Now I'm hungry!
4 Cheese curds.....yum. The custard, extra yum. The service, almost always great. Today the cashier was a bit of a snot. The fried chicken was the show stopper today. I would have never guessed you can get chicken that good there. AND the fries are the ONLY fries offered by a national chain that gives McDonald's any competition.
1 I have eaten there in the past and has been a while.  Food was very good when this restaurant first opened.  Just went there 01/18/2014. I ordered the chicken dinner to go, and it was the worst crap ever.  First the cashier ran back and asked the cook if there was any chicken.  I received 2 legs and  thighs which tasted and looked like it sat under a heat lamp for hours.  For the price your paying u think it would be fresh!  Quality has definitely went down.  Will never again go to this culvers location again.
2 Generally disappointing. For one thing, I was picturing more of a Perkins or even Denny's type place. Not fast food. It reminded me more of a Dairy Queen than anything else. The man running the cash register was not exactly friendly. The 3 of us had one order of Walleye and 2 orders of fried chicken. He yelled into the back to find out if they had more fried chicken (it was 6pm on a Saturday). Finding out they did, he said we could have the chicken. When our orders came one plate had two large chicken breasts and the other had a spindly wing and drumstick. Everything was super oily, even by the standards of fried fast food. The breading on the chicken was bland and heavy. Hubby said the walleye was decent but bland. Fries were frozen crinkle fries. I didn't try the roll and didn't hear any commentary on the green beans. The cole slaw was apparently decent but sweet (Miracle Whip).  Although the desserts look intriguing, I probably wouldn't come here again for food.
5 The friendliness of the staff and manager, Joe was superb!!!! I will definitely be returning. Customer service like that is unfortunately very rare so when I receive it I think it's important to point it out! Way to go Joe!!  Oh, the food was great!
