1 Every time I go into this store it's the same two woman there offering up there POOR service. One woman usually walks around and sweeps the floor around you angrily and the other slaps the sandwich together. I spoke with the businesses around this store and they all stated how rude they were. This could possibly be daughters of the owner because there is no way these two would get a job anywhere else. I actually drive 2 miles south to the other subway just to avoid the bad service. STAY AWAY!!!  Store # 40454 6475 N Decatur Blvd #110 Shadow Mountain Shopping Las Vegas, NV 89130, USA 702-395-6237
5 Great store, nice people.
1 This store has terrible customer service. It took eight minutes for me to be helped and they had three employees behind the counter. One customer was in front of me and was paying. I know it doesn't take three people to ring someone up. They also didn't even make knowledge my presence. I would not recommend the subway restaurant to anyone. All yeah I can't forget my order a 6 inch egg white Flatbread. Which I asked them to double cook but was still ice cold.
1 Several time this older lady has grabbed my food without gloves, she smells like cigarettes all the time. Several coworkers have become sick, all in all its disgusting
3 This particular location is good, but not spectacular.  I go when I'm in the mood for a sub.  The ingredients appear fresh.  The store is clean and the staff is competent.  I've been at this location on a few occasions at lunch.
1 Wow!!! Where do I begin. First off let me start by saying the experience I had today at this location was horrendous by far the worst customer service experience I've ever had.... I arrived at 9:30pm. The hours on the door clearly state they close at 10:00pm. I walk through the door and the first thing I hear is "oh no are you kidding me!!" From a man in the back. I automatically think huh. Okay ... After the man tinkers around in the back for several minutes he comes out into my view he doesn't even come up to the counter and greet me.. He stands there with the look of disgust and just stares at me.. I said "Hello are you closed?" He replies with "YES I already put everything away" he immediately turns and walks away. He did not even give me a chance to say anything. I then look down at my phone and see that it's 9:37pm. I looked around for a number to call I couldn't find anything. The man went back into the freezer. As I was about to leave a woman came out from the back and into my view and asked me immediately if I needed help. I replied with "well yes I was looking to get a sandwich however that man said you were closed" Roxy then replies "no I'm sorry we are open how can I help you" at this point I was extremely upset and wanted to walk out. However I didn't want to take my frustration out on this wonderful woman. I replied with "well he said you were closed .." Roxy says "No, we're open how many I help you". She made my sandwich apologized to me and was so nice and so thankful that I didn't walk out  if it was not for Roxy. I would have. The mans name was KYLE!!! He has 0 customer service skills WORST I'VE EVER ENCOUNTERED!!!!!!!!!! People are out of work and in need of jobs. This is NOT someone that should be working with people!!!! I will NOT be back to this location AGAIN!!!!
