5 Melissa at Crazy Daisies is the best! She is so much fun to work with and the best florist I have seen! I didn't have a clue about flowers, just knew my colors and my budget for my wedding and she was able to work with me and not kill me by the end of my wedding day, which says a lot. I found Melissa on Wedding Wire and e-mailed her asking her for some ideas and quotes. She got back to me right away and was super professional. I went to Vegas for my engagement shoot and she met me at my hotel with ideas and plans and the whole 9-yards! She was the best! I changed my mind and flip-flopped how many tables, the types of flowers, the arraignments, everything and she was so patient and understanding. She had suggestions for me that were perfect and come the day of my wedding, I couldn't be happier! I did white hydrangeas, green roses, and blue delphiniums and couldn't have been more pleased. Everyone was talking about how incredible my flowers looked! She met with me two days before my wedding at the site and went through how everyone was going to look and when I walked in on the day of the wedding I was in absolute shock at how gorgeous the tables looked! The bouquets, the boutonnieres, the centerpieces... were PERFECT!  Melissa was being helped by her soon-to-be sister in law who was fantastic too! They asked me to come into the room because the chief was setting up the wedding cake and didn't know how to put on the cake toppers. Well, in front of me, Melissa, and her sister--the guy put the toppers on and broke the top of the cake! I was in my "don't freak out mode" and just kinda stood there not knowing what to say. The guy didn't even acknowledge what he did and walked away with the top of my cake broken! So, Melissa's sister offered to go be the bad guy and make him fix it for me!! It wasn't the worst thing of the day so I wasn't too concerned about it, but Melissa offered to cover it up with some of the extra petals and it worked out just fine.  But Melissa is incredible! She does fantastic work, is fun to work with, and goes above and beyond on everything she does. I would recommend her to anyone and everyone!   If you want to see some of the pictures of her flowers you can take a look here:   http://exposurebyjtalley.com/blog/weddings/kerry-shauns-wedding  Thank you for being so fantastic Melissa!! You're the best!
5 Melissa is such a wonderful florist and her bouquets she made for my wedding were amazing! She was very attentive to what I wanted for mine and my girls bouquets. My bouquet was SO BEAUTIFUL! It was just amazing. It had all my colors - green, pink, and yellow.  She met me near a Starbucks by my house and she is very flexible with payments. She arrived right on time on the day of my wedding with all the flowers. I didn't have to worry once about them not being there, I knew I wouldn't have to.  Crazy Daisies is a definite must if you want beautiful, big bouquets for your wedding. Check out the pictures of my flowers!
5 I found Crazy Daisies on wedding wire, liked the pictures and called to set up a consultation. Days later I met Melissa and went over all of my ideas for my wedding. She was great form start to finish, Melissa worked with me for six months getting everything perfect. Her flowers were so beautiful, when I saw everything the day of my wedding I was amazed. Not only did Melissa do all of my flowers but she also did extra set up for me at three different locations of my wedding. Other vendors you might have trouble getting a hold of but not with Crazy Daisies. She keeps you involved 100% making sure that she does her best to make your event memorable. Melissa with Crazy Daises is the best and I hope that I get the chance to work with her again.
5 Melissa is phenomenal!! Truly THE best florist there is! Not just because her work is PERFECT but because she genuinely LOVES weddings! She is soo amazing and helpful and sweet and talented! Oh I wish I could have a bouquet of her flower arrangements in my home EVERY day!  Trust me, book her! She will seriously make you feel like you are the ONLY bride in the world! She care so much, and is willing to do ANYTHING to make you day perfect! I LOVED her! We LOVED her! How much she cares SHOWS in her work!! We LOVE Melissa at Crazy Daisies!!
