4 This gallery is on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan across from Blue Fin Sushi. There's not a profile or much information about it online....even Cosmo doesn't really have info on their art space aside from their flickr page ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/thecosmopolitan/with/5794719717/ ) This is a gallery that features temporary exhibits with a artist in residence program. The gallery is filled with their art, but also the artist is often there creating and have pieces where guests can participate in making the art. It's open daily 12pm- 10pm.  Currently the gallery is featuring Kidrobot and it will be here until August. I am a collector of their stuff so I was very happy to see this. You can draw with chalk on the large dunny, check out some of the special editions under the glass or check out the pop up store which sells some of the toys, plushies and apparel. I didn't look in detail, but I will be coming back with the BF to pick up a few pieces and hopefully meet some of the artist on calendar.   I've been in here before and I honestly didn't care for the past few exhibits, but for having Kidrobot come for 3 months I give them some kudos. I think 5stars would be if their galleries were consistently in my taste but right now I'm not sure if it is. Overall, I admire the interactive studio experience and will be watching this place.
3 Stopped in for a looksee after the Elite event at the pool...Kid Robot has cool art and toys and stuff but I'd never shell out money for these"designer toys"....  HMMMMMM....  a) Pizza Pillow($75......WTF???)  OR  b)AYCE at Goyemon X3  OR  c)feed a party of 6-10 at Island Flavor?   Uh, B and C Please!.....ALOHA!!!!
4 This is so awesome for artists and art enthusiasts. The Cosmopolitan hotel does a one-month residency program for artists of all mediums. However, you should call the hotel ahead of time to find out the hours, since a majority of works involve a performance element.
4 A group of friends and I recently stopped into P3 Studio before grabbing some cocktails at Comme Ca. Abby Robinson's home/body imaging exhibit is currently occupying the space. We walked around the room and were on our way out when we stopped to take a chocolate from a basket at the entrance that's where they have information on the exhibit. We were intrigued so we sat down to fill out the questionnaire. Abby Robinson's current exhibit is set up like a doctor's office/photo studio. The forms you fill out give her an idea of who her subject is, and what part of your body you want photographed. I chose my smile (look for it above the P3 sign) but some people choose more private parts. This is the interesting part of the exhibit, because she takes you aside to take your photo, and since you are out of the public's eye you are meant to feel comfortable. And since it has a clinic feel to it, she affords her "patients" the same privacy a doctor would. Abby is super nice and took her time to explain her installation and previous works.   Once you are done with the photo she plays around with it on her computer and then prints out to photos, one for you to hang and another for the window at the front. Even if you decide not to take a picture, you should definitely check out the photos, some are pretty wild!
4 We had some time to kill before going up to the pool to see Enrique Iglesias in concert.  This was an interactive exhibit where we constructed our own artistic pieces out of random pieces of plastic, wood, glass, wire, and fabric then tested our pieces' movement with the addition of the soundwaves of music.  Although I had a piece that was structurally sound, it was too heavy to move with the music. We all had a blast, and for a minute, it felt as if we were in grade school again.   ALOHA!!!
