4 YAY!! The new location is open on the north side of 10 on Litchfield Road (the old Ichi-ban location) and the food was just as good as the south side of 10.  OK so the building doesn't have quite the same "character" as their original location, but that's OK.  The staff is just as friendly, the food as good and they kept 3 of the old Ichi-ban tapenyaki grill stations for fajitas grilling and tortilla cooking  .  We will certainly be back, but you do miss the old building a little, but this is now 1/2 way closer to our home!
2 OK, so I have been t o the original location and it was at least a 3.5. We tried the new location tonight and they definitely have some growing pains. We arrived around six and the place was pretty busy. It just got more busy as the evening wore on. This also happened to be all you can eat taco/enchilada night. Who knew?  The decor is average at best. Some really nice stone work, but lemon yellow walls can use some muting. Laminate flooring speaks to keeping cost down over quality. The tables are already lopsided. Seems like they skimped on the furniture as well.  On to the meal.   I ordered the taco/enchilada pig fest while my wife ordered the carne asada. It took over 20 minutes for the food to arrive, which was pretty surprising. Carne asada takes like six minutes and they just had to be prepared for the all you can eat menu. In the meantime, the salsa had some bite, pretty good, and the chips were ok. The basket that the chips came in was tiny...think small hot dog basket. And it had no liner....salt all over the table. Again, no big deal, but why not bigger chip style baskets and liners? Seems like another budgetary decision.  The taco and enchilada platter were as expected...about a three. They let the tacos rest in the enchilada sauce making them soggy which is really common. That bed of lettuce is just never enough to keep the tacos safe. I would ask for a separate plate next time. The taste of the food was actually pretty good, though the taco meat could use some pep.    The carne asada was  a huge disappointment. The first iteration came out inedible. It was crispy on the ends and dry on the inside. They cooked us another steak, and it was better, but still well done when she had ordered medium. It was also completely unseasoned...not even a hint of salt, let alone a marinade. They have to nail the basics or they have no shot.   To end on a positive note, the server was polite, if over tasked. The management removed the carne asada meal from the tab, even after making it again. We didn't mention that the second one was over-cooked...why pile on? Extra tip for the waiter.   I hope they can get it going to rival the original because I really am a fan.
3 I was in the area and hungry, and since I am always in the mood for Mexican I decided to give the place with the "Now Open" sign a try. The space is very clean, which is always a good sign, and the staff was very friendly. It was lunch time, and I just wanted to order some food to go and head back to my office. The hostess suggested the lunch special of a cheese enchilada, beef taco and rice/beans for $5.95, that sounded good to me, and the price was right so I went for it.   I waited about 10 minutes for the food to be ready, and then hopped in my car for the 20 minute drive back to my office. I was starving so I grabbed a chip, well, they were warm, but they were chewy! Chewy chips mean they were not cooked long enough.....so disappointing!   Once I got to my office I pulled out my food.....I have to say it was the weirdest presentation ever. They had taken a thick paper plate, covered it in foil then put my food on it and covered the whole thing in plastic wrap. Wouldn't if have been easier, and probably even cheaper to just buy To Go boxes (like the ones I saw customers taking home their leftovers in)? The food had shifted a bit in the car ride, and the enchilada sauce was beginning to seep out the sides.....it was not pretty. Also, what if i didn't eat it all? The plastic wrap had to be ripped off and wasn't going to cover it up again!   The enchilada was all right, nothing special, the sauce was really mild, so good for those who don't like too much spice. The meat in the taco was pretty good, and they didn't skimp on it. My barometer of a good Mexican restaurant, the beans, hovered just at mid range, they were decent, but not crave-able.   I wouldn't make a special trip back here, but if I was in the area I might give them another chance....but I will opt to eat in the restaurant instead!
2 I'll be honest and say that I went b/c I was on the hunt for a good margarita. I've had margaritas at all the nearby mexican food places (Manuel's, Chili's, Chipotle) and I wanted to give the Raul & Theresa's new location a try. The only one I saw on the menu was only $5 so I didn't have high hopes for it. It was a mix - which I think is LAME for a mexican restaurant - and not a very good mix at that.  Maybe there is a better one (top shelf?) available, I don't know but I couldn't even finish it. I had a burro and the meat inside was good but it wasn't anything special. It's called a restaurant, but I felt like it was only slightly better than any of the other fast food mexican options around. I'll go back to Chipotle next time. Their margaritas are excellent and less than five bucks.
2 I think the cheese was American cheese.  Nice people, food was not authentic...
1 I was so excited they opened this location because it is much closer to my home. I love the Raul & Theresa's off the MC85 and thought for sure this would be the same.  Finally went today and I am so very disappointed! Worst Mexican Food I have ever had to be quite honest.  I got the Chorizo and Eggs and a beef taco.  The taco was bland and the Chorizo & eggs were burnt and just tasted horrible.  The service wasn't that great and it was very hot. Im sad to say I will never go back.
1 Beware!! My mother in law had a cockroach in her tea!!!! Not sure if it was in her cup or in the refill. We noticed it at the end of our meal! We were mortified n they were quite rude about it to boot!! It's a shame because we WERE regulars.
2 Wife and myself was out and about, spending some time together! We were actually across the street at totally wine, when we were a little hungry. Wife was told by her friend that Raul & Theresa's was a must try. Now here friend is a frequent customer at the Avondale location! So we ended up giving this place a try. Now when you first come in, this is not a restaurant that most people expect! It reminds me a lot like a fast food   atmosphere? Since we weren't that hungry, wife ordered their child's plate taco and cheese enchilada, I ordered the carne asada torta. I was happy their torta is small, since I just wanted to have a small meal! Their torta was all right! Wasn't that special at all, carne asada was not that great, just plain. Wife said there rice was great, everything else was OK. Now this is not the worst place we have been at, but it wasn't even close of being a great place to go! But if we are in the area again, we just might try it again.
3 So, this was our second visit to this location. This was completely unplanned due to a disaster at Betty's Nosh that left us mad and hungry. See that review for more. This time, we kept it simple and ordered the tacos. The beef was seasoned. but could use more umph, and the crispness was just about perfect. Another 10 seconds in the fryer and they may have earned 3.5 stars. The table salsa is one of the more unique among many. The decor is still a miss. Half fast food, half sit down place. Service was good. We will go back if it is convenient, but won't go out of our way.
3 If you are a traveler and working in the west valley, it is late and you don't want to commute then try this place out.  Phoenix is interesting when eating mexican.  You tend to get more of the Sonoran influence which is basically american mexican food which tends to be heavy with sour cream and yellow cheeses.    This place used to be an ichi ban and you will notice the left over teppan tables as you walk in.  The food is good they have a good assortment of your usual enchiladas and burritos.   They have plenty of beer selections and some margaritas. The service was very good and that will definitely suffice for the three stars.
4 My review comes after 3 separate occasions where I have had the chance to eat here.  The first was not so overwhelming as I was disappointed my check was charged an 18%  gratuity for lack-luster service.  In addition to that, there was a space to add a gratuity as if it had not already been added....very underhanded.  The food on this winter Sunday morning made up for the billing issue.  We had a group of friends meet there for breakfast on a Sunday and ended up staying for over three hours.  Honestly my memory fails me of the dish I ordered but finishing it was not a problem as it was quite good.  In fact, everyone there was happy if not impressed with their choices.   The 2nd venture there was with my best friend Melissa.  We were limited on time and called ahead for our lunch to be eaten there.  When we walked in, sure enough, our food was waiting for us on the table, covered with foil to keep it hot.  Simple lunch specials but delicious nonetheless.  Mel and I we quite impressed they took the time to follow through with the order , get it right, keep it hot and make us feel so valued when in fact they had no idea who was coming to dinner.  Two very enthusiastic thumbs up for the service!  Visit #3 was again with Melissa and also for lunch.  This time we were not so hard pressed to get out of there so we were able to relax a chat up the place.  Very simpleton in the decor department but I am not there to be impressed with a pretty picture.  Does the food taste authentic and would I eat there again....these are the real questions.    The answers are YES and YES!  Delicious, hot, reasonably fast and a place I will be going back to soon.  The lunch specials are cheap, filling and worth a repeat visit!  Comparing it to some other Mexican places in the immediate area, this one is one of the betters ones, hands down.   Enjoy!
5 wow!  after reading the other lackluster reviews I had to wonder if we ate at the same place!  I used to eat at the original Raul & Theresa's when I lived in the valley back in the 80s.  My hubby and I happened to notice this one on Litchfield and decided to give it a try.  We were VERY impressed with EVERYTHING!  The salsa was very fresh and really tasty.  Our server was excellent!  He brought us a small bowl of the Theresa's special and their green chile to try.  The meat in both, was so incredibly tender that it just fell apart when we tried to pick it up with a fork and both were VERY flavorful.  i opted for a combo that included an enchilada and a green chile burro and was NOT disappointed.  The spanish rice was delish.  My husband had a combo that included 2 cheese enchiladas, a beef tamale, and a taco.  The taco wasn't fantastic but it wasn't bad either.  The beef tamale was great, though.  The beef had a great taste to it and there was plenty of it (unlike a tamale he'd had before at another mexican food restaurant where he had to "hunt" for signs of meet inside the tamale).  The waiter had mentioned that he had a "surprise" for my husband.  I figured that meant he was going to give him a little sample of their desserts or something like he had with their entrees but what he'd done is replace one of the cheese enchiladas with a green chile enchilada because my husband expressed how delicious it was.  Talk about going above and beyond!  We will definitely go back!
4 I have tried Raul and Teresas breakfast. It was very good and simple. I had the Chorizo and egg breakfast and liked it alot. The chorizo was actually very good and it came with beans and tortillas. Not bad. We were served chips and salsa before our meal and enjoyed that also. We did actually wait for a while for our meals to come to us but luckily we did not have any starving kids with us. I will go back and try lunch or dinner then I can give a better review. The breakfast I had was worth going back to try it again.
2 Friendly service and new installations but the food just didn't do it for me. In my two visits I was served dry rice and the beans completely covered with American cheese. The "nopales con carne" were a disappointment because one couldn't taste the nopales. I figured that ordering beef fajitas would be a safe bet but they were just as flavorless as everything else I tried.  For a restaurant that has the reputation of serving great authentic Mexican food, my review probably seems harsh - I mean, they didn't get that reputation by serving bland Mexican food. So, I'll give them a try again in a few weeks and hopefully add stars to this review.
4 SOME of the best mexican food I have had in the valley. I never make it out to this part of the valley because I live more in the Scottsdale area. BUT while staying out here for Nascar weekend I came here with my boyfriends team and I was blown away. I know me some Mexican food! It's so good I can see myself making the trek out there to get my fix every now and then before the next race in November! The staff is super friendly! Salsa, and I think I am an expert.. I like it somewhat hot, but not 'can't swallow hot' .. was mind blowing. I had the shrimp and carne asada fajitas. Couldn't finish them. Generous portions; you won't go away hungry. We shared a pitcher of margaritas and I left happy.. happy..happy:-)
1 Wife and i were returning from a family photo shoot and decided to stop for a little dinner. Originally planned to stop at Macayos but the Litchfield location was crowded so we figured we'd try Raul and Theresas. They have a good reputation from their Avondale store so how could it not be good? Oh, in so many ways! Service was okay ambience was dreadful, portions were small. Had the cheese enchilada and chili relleno plate it was scrambled egg on an uncooked green chili with some kind of cheese that was unidentifiable since it had no flavor. Enchilada had same cheese and was less than lackluster. Wife had taco and enchilada plate and the taco shells were so tender they crumbled all over the plate. As we left the only comment I could think to make was 'well, we tried it" Guess if we want real authentic mexican food we'll have to travel over to Garcias Las Avenidas.
3 I I love this restaurant, and im particularly fond of the Avondale one, but this one is nice too. Friendly staff, but the food I had wasn't that great. I ordered a carnitas burrito, and it was kind of bland. Half the burrito was salsa, the other half meat. Also had a carne Asada which was all meat in the burrito, lettuce on the side. I will still go back to this place, but probably won't order those again.
3 This place is A-OK!  I don't think it is as good as the Raul & Theresa's that is south of I-10 but it's decent.  I definitely think it's better than some of the other Mexican food establishments in the area.  Our point of reference would be we are more Tex-Mex kind of folks.  It's not really Tex-Mex at R&T but close enough.  Friendly service.
4 Love this place!  Food is always great, servers are always nice.  Been here at least 4 times and have had consistent service.
5 This is the second location. The original is still location in Avondale on MC85. This one does not have the home feel like the original, but  is more like a regular restaurant, which you might prefer it if you are claustrophobic or don't like being in tight quarters with strangers.  The food is always fantastic. The enchilada sauce is the best I have ever had. I could drink it!! Food is consistent between locations and visits. Portions are generous. Prices between $7 and $13. One of my favorite places.
2 For a Mexican place, the salsa with chips was disappointing!  I walked in and I was excited to try a new place, but once it took forever to get my Margarita which tasted like cheap tequila and to add to the bad salsa I knew I was done.  I was starving and with no waiter around I couldn't even place my food order.  I paid for my margarita and went somewhere else to eat.
2 I will just say, there is NO COMPARISON to the original location on Main.   I was so, disappointed in the atmosphere, the service and the food was terrible.  The windows had no shades, the sun was glaring right where I was sitting in the middle of the restaurant, I will not go back to this location, I will continue to go to the one on Main.
5 Some of the best mexican food I've ever eaten. They've been in business since 1969 (at the old location), stop by and find out why.  Lunch fajitas are delicious and a great deal to boot.
1 I was ecstatic when they opened this place so I went and ordered a combination plate consisting of enchilada, taco, beans and rice. I was very disappointed with this dish. My beans were very runny and bland. Everything else was just bearable to get down. I'm sad that this place didn't meet my expectations but I will not be returning there.
5 This is easily the best Mexican food in Arizona...All of the food was good and the sauce's are homemade..My daughter asked what something was on the menu and he brought her out a sample of it.. Not only that he brought us all a sample of every type there was so we could all try it..The food is priced lower then any Mexican place in Az but the quality is that of an expensive resteraunt..To top it all of we had ice cream which was only 3.50 compared to the normal 4.99 at any other Mexican food place and it was THE BEST FRIED ICE CREAM ever!!!! The service also was second to none!!!  Our new fave!
5 I've been going to Raul & Theresa's (on MC85) for 20 years, long before all the renovations, etc. This location has all the old gang there as the old one will be changing ownership.  So good to see Stella and Gloria.  The food and service are always top notch - and the salsa and guacamole...mmmmmmmmmm!!
1 Went here today with my daughter for a late lunch. The place was fairly empty. We waited about 10 minutes before we even saw a server. Now if you like really hot salsa then this is the place for you, but I am from Louisiana and the salsa here took my breath away it was so hot. On top of that I didn't have water or my drink yet. Our server was very abrupt and to the point ( no friendliness here folks). When we were leaving we passed right behind the hostess who was playing on her cell phone and not a good by, thank y'all for coming in or nothing. There are a lot of better and friendlier Mexican places to eat in this area. Won't be going back.
5 Great food. Fast service.  Spicy salsa.  If you tired of chain mexican food places you'll love the this restaurant.
5 I usually eat at the original R&T's at MC85/Litchfield, but the food here seems to be just as good.    Hands down I think they have the best homemade red enchilada sauce in Arizona.  I won't eat enchiladas at most Mexican restaurants because it tastes like canned sauce - not so at R&T's!  My favorite dish, which I have never found anywhere else - is the Sonoran Enchiladas.  (I order with a side of pico de gallo and sliced avocado - yum!)  I agree they could offer a mild salsa (even a *medium* salsa!) because their salsa is SPICY.  Don't get me wrong - it's great salsa - but I think a good portion - maybe even half - of their customers would appreciate it.
1 I don't know why this place is still in business. When I prefer taco bell over a Mexican restaurant, that's bad. The enchilada sauce tastes (and I suspect it is) like canned enchilada sauce from the grocery store that I use to make enchiladas at home. Unacceptable.  Their spicy food has way too much spice without the flavor. I love spicy hot food but flavor is what makes the spiciness good. The service is fine but my goodness...you're a restaurant! If I wanted amateur Mexican food which requires store bought canned goods, I will buy it myself and make it at home. Period. This restaurant was definitely a waste of money and I didn't even finish my food it was so bad.
4 I don't think I've ever had a bad experience with the service or the food. We've dined at this new location several times as well as the original location on MC85. I don't understand the bad reviews. We are always greeted with a smile and a big basket of chips with a bowl of salsa. If the chips run out before our meal arrives, they promptly bring out more. My husband is also a huge fan of this place and so are our kids. They enjoy a bowl of menudo while I like the enchiladas. We will be back soon.
4 Loved the food @ this location way better than on MC 85 location. Had the all you can eat tacos n enchiladas it was very tasty red chile sauce and tacos were deep fried for $10 on Wednesdays!
4 Not the greatest Mexican food in the valley but DEFINITELY not the worst!  This is what I can compare to comfort food.  The service is great and the chips and salsa are pretty damn tasty!  There is a lot of cheese, of which I ask them to go light on and pretty Sonoran inspired.    Wednesdays is all you can eat tacos and enchiladas.  Grab a beer and enjoy the laughs!
3 Not bad, not memorable either, average. Carne Asada burrito had about 2-3 oz of meat. Very odd decor. I believe they took over another restaurant location and moved in as is. Kind of like a school cafeteria feel.
4 Second location and still just as good.  Some of the best Red Chili I've had in town.
1 Terrible service and slow. Waited at our table for 40 minutes to get checked on once. Ran out of drinks and chips. Finally got up to leave due to wait and poor service AND THEY FORCED US TO PAY FOR OUR DRINKS!!! WATER AND SODA!!!!
2 Went here with family because they wanted to go. Apparently the owners used to just cook out of their house and finally moved into a restaurant. Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed. Service was lackluster. It took a long time to get anyone's attention for even simple things like a water refill, and even longer to get orders and our food. Granted there was a large group there but the restaurant wasn't overly crowded other than that.  The food was mediocre as well. All of the salsas they brought to the table were spicy. There was spicy and spicier, but no mild. The fajitas my husband ordered came with generous portions of meat and veggies but only 3(!) small corn tortillas. Nowhere near enough for the amount of food. My green burrito tasted primarily like poblano peppers. There was really no other flavor in the dish, and I just couldn't eat it. The waiter took away my dish with only 1 bite out of the burrito and didn't so much as ask if I liked it or if there was a problem. Not a good experience overall, and certainly not one that would encourage me to come back.
2 My aunt raved about this family that used to cook amazing Mexican food out of their house years ago. After she heard that they opened a restaurant, we decided to go one night. The food was decent but the service was almost nonexistant. After being there for about an hour I managed to get 1 refill of my drink.  The fajitas were good but they only gave 2 small tortillas. I ended up eating most of it with just a fork. Didn't feel very fajita-ish to me.  The salsa was good but my family complained that even the mild was pretty hot. I like heat so I enjoyed it.
3 Chips and salsa were great! The margaritas were decent and the food was yummy! This is probably the closest to authentic that we've gotten since we got down to Arizona.
4 Cleaner and newer than the MC85 location, but the service seems slower and the atmosphere is akin to a Chipotle restaurant. Food is pretty good though, hope they will be in business another 40 years.
2 This restaurant came highly recommended, but there was nothing remarkable out it. The interior is the now overdone industrial design with exposed air ducts and lots of sheet metal.  The food was very basic and the prices not all that attractive to make me want to return. The chips were unsalted and stale. The salsa was hot and spicy, but with not alternative offered, went untouched by most in our party.  Hours after eating, 3 of the 4 of us complained of stomach pains and other intestinal distress. Maybe just a coincidence.  There's much better Mexican out there. Don't waste your money.
2 Sub par service.  Overpriced food.  4 bucks for one carne asada taco?  It was tasty but one taco no sides was almost 5 bucks.  I'm hitting up Don Panchos from now on
3 Be nice if they remodel and class up a bit, go to cloth napkins, waitstaff takes the check up for you...etc  I like the tacos but probably could do better with the rest of the menu
2 Ordered nachos to go over the phone. I asked for everything on them except meat- rice, beans, lettuce, guacamole, cheese etc. They asked if I wanted anything else on it and even read the order back to me. I picked it up, got home and it was a plate of chips with cheese and lettuce on top. And sour cream on the side. Seriously? Very disappointing.
3 Not terrible, not the greatest. We ordered the green chile and bean nachos. They were good but were literally green chile, beans and cheese. They had good flavor but I like loaded nachos. The margaritas were just ok. The service was good and the waitress was very friendly.
5 Excellent place Big portions clean restaurant awesome food reminds me of my ninas cooking definetly bring back  my family gotta try it
4 I was instantly enamored with Raul and Theresa's, texting my bf that I'd found our go-to mexican food place, and during the chips and salsa and guacamole I was right. I wish their mild salsa had a little more texture to it, but the hot salsa flavor was FANTASTIC.  They were very patient with my order because my son is allergic to wheat and dairy so I was very adament about no cheese or flour tortillas.  They kindly accomidated our special requests.  I ordered the carne asada burrito and I couldn't wait to get it but it was a little lackluster on flavor.  I will be back, I didn't order off of their specialties part of the menu so I will be back to see what they think is the best of their food.  The waitress I had was lovely, my only feedback is that she didn't anticipate any needs, like ask if I wanted another margarita, or more guacamole or anything like that. She easily could have sold me on quite a few more items.   Very clean, very modern setup but not too fancy.  No complaints on the ambiance.  Our waitress took our check.
1 Ok.here it goes just to let you know. The food is not cooked at this location.Its delivered from the old location.would not go to this location ever.food had no flavor and the service was not good.save your money.
1 Wow, what an awkward experience.  My wife and I decided to go here last night for the (and last) time.  When you walk in, we weren't sure to seat ourselves or wait to be seated.  The hostess was apparently doing something else.  There was no sign, and the waitresses were not around.  We finally get seated and and salsa were brought out.  Salsa was good but a little bit spicier than expected.....Oh wait, we hadn't gotten any drinks yet or even our drink order taken!  That took about 10 minutes from being seated until we received our drinks.  By the way, if you were looking to put salt on your chips, expect it to be all over your table.  No wax paper or anything underneath the chips, so it spills out from the basket they put them in.  My wife ordered the green sour cream enchiladas and I ordered the machaca chimi.  Hers had barely any taste whatsoever.  Very, very bland.  My chimi on the other hand was full of flavor but a bit on the salty side.  I have no idea how long I waited to get a refill on my drink.  They give you the bill (eventually) and you go up front to pay.  I've seen a lot of reviews about the service.  I don't think it's the waitresses fault.  It's a small establishment but they seem very understaffed for the wait times.  I would have rather gone across the street to Macayo's or in town to Garcias Las Avenidas.
2 Nothing authentic about this place. Some of the blandest Mexican food I've ever had. Mild salsa tastes like tomato paste, fajitas were more like stir fry, chimichanga just had shredded chicken with no spices or flavor, but guacamole was good.
1 The restaurant was pretty much empty except for our family and another group. The salsa was good and the server was friendly and helpful. We had a variety of food: tacos, enchiladas and carne asada. Unfortunately the food was bland and not very good. Perhaps we caught the chef on a bad day.
1 To say it best. Find a different restaurant. My self and 2 associates ordered the Fajiitas.  The meat had no taste. The flour tortilla's were crispy hard. I could go on with the other food, but I won't bore you.   The service ,the waitress, English was very limited. We asked specifically if the rice was prepared with chicken broth. Our associate is a vegetarian. The waitress answered twice, no it is not made with chicken broth. My associate did not believe her and went and asked the cook. It was made with chicken broth.  Later She dropped a plate of rice and beans and did not return to clean it up. We cleaned it up.  We paid the bill. She walked the tip back to us and proceeded to count  back to the bill payer?? No manager on duty. Adios.
5 Great good and service. I recommend it if you're looking for authentic Mexican food. Family owned and operated.
4 I am from Nebraska and love Menudo and I was not disappointed with the menudo I ate and the flour tortillas were very fresh and warm. Would highly recommend if your looking for menudo.
4 Service was very slow upon arrival. Took awhile to be seated, the place was not busy. Food was great. Ordered green Chile burro with rice and beans. Fantastic!
1 You know the foods horrible when you start the review with, "the waitress was very friendly". The chips were pretty good. Salsa was spicier than expected. The carne asada tastes like boiled meat with no flavor at all. The adoba tasted like boiled meat with chili powered. Beans and rice weren't too shabby. Service was slow. Margaritas tasted like a cheap party mix.  I suppose all I can say is that the food will make a turd ;).
1 Good not very good. Not a very nice restaurant. Styrofoam bowls. I wouldn't come here again.
2 Very subpar Mexican food.  Possibly THEE worst Huevos Rancheros I've ever tasted.  The chips and (hot) salsa was decent, but the mild salsa straight tasted like tomato paste.
