5 Nothing, but nothing, beats discovering a spectacular little place completely by accident -- which is how I found Chakra 4 for lunch today.  I was at the Biltmore area My Sister's Closet, just for fun, and decided to wander around the shopping center, saw this place, and thought "Hey, this looks quirky."  It's so much more than quirky, it's a perfect vegan tea house.  GREAT Wood Mushroom Pizza, tremendous tea list, and exceptional house made healthy chocolates.  I'm so going back often, the warm and healing atmosphere, super smart and friendly ladies on staff, and fantastic food take you totally out of Phoenix into a completely better world.  Don't miss this place -- it's VASTLY better than any of those mega restaurants at Biltmore Fashion Park, and it's just down Camelback Road;  perfect for an afternoon shopping pick me up when you're in that nieghborhood!
5 We, too, discovered this place by accident.  The staff was VERY helpful, they have every herb you can imagine for cooking, healing, eating, etc.  Their tea list is two menus long,  including a big section of red and non-caffeinated teas (for me!).  I had a red tea with coconut and pineapple (think pina colada, hot tea style! YUM) Their salads looked delish on the menu, but we weren't hungry enough to eat.  Will definitely be back to try the food, and if nothing else, hang out for more tea.  They do "to go" as well for their tea, so instead of stopping at Starbucks, this would be much tastier (and healthier).  The atmosphere is very relaxing, there is outside seating as well.  It very much felt like we were in another country...which was a nice surprise! We WILL go back!
5 We were heading to Trader Joes and ran into this gem.  We had the 3 dip appetizer and and each had our own different tea.  Everything was great and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  The smell of all the herbs and food when you walk in is enough to make you want to give it a chance!
5 I can't rave about CHAKRA 4 enough. I can't believe I had to stumble upon this place to find it! If you're a vegan, vegetarian, yogi, health nut, tea-lover, or just like great veg food and drinks, this place is for you. I got the Chaga tea (chai, Chaga, agave nectar, milk)...YUM.  Overall, if you're in need of a post-yoga tea, or just want a healthy pick-me-up, head to Chakra 4.
5 Very chill place. A little hard to find but has great tea! And everything is very natural and healthy! May be a bit expensive but I think its worth it :)
5 Awesome store! Ashley at the counter was very helpful and even looked up ingredients to make sure I bought the right product for me on my road trip. Thank you!!
4 Love Chakra 4! We have been spoiled by previous staff that were there for years! Unfortunately they are no longer there. The owner and I actually attended sister schools. I only wish the store had more space its hard to take everything in when there's not much room and everyone is stepping on each other. We are excited to check out the new store in Ahwatukee! Super blessed to have this available and recommend to everyone to try natural remedies and herbs for anything YOU could imagine!
5 This place is AMAZING.  I truly can't say enough about Chakra 4.  I recently found out I am stage IV cancer. We stopped by so I could eat an organic meal at Sage and not only was it fantastic, but I discovered this gem called Chakra 4.  Not only was Justin a Fountain of information, I purchased teas and herbs that will help my condition.  I feel great and Il will be back each week.
