3 Good prices on parts
5 Autohaus is my main source for parts for an old Mercedes that has been in the family since new that I am restoring. The old beater is truly a labor of love for me.  Autohaus sells parts for older and new cars so there is something for every car here. Nothing could be simpler than placing an online order before 5 pm (PST) and have the part delivered to your door the next day. That is one fast and efficient shipping department!  Prices are about the lowest you can find on the web and returns are hassle free (as long as you don't install the part).
5 I love autohaus.  site easy to use, price is excellent, shipping/return policy customer friendly.  besides junk yard this is the only place I would go for parts if available.
5 Only three reviews? I just ordered my parts yesterday. Free shipping for anything over $50, very cheap prices for OEM parts. I called after hours and left a message to add an additional part to my order. Customer support is 100%, they called me back the next morning to confirm. My order is updated, processed, and ready to ship! :D
5 I have been impressed by AutohausAZ service, their prices are great and all the parts that I have ordered where quality material, exactly what their website have stated. And the price is definitely the best.  I just ordered a set of halo rotors, they arrived within 2days.
4 I've ordered a couple of times from Autohaus... They have decent prices, free shipping over $50, and they seem to be a reliable company. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because they seem to overcharge for shipping if you don't meet the free shipping requirements, and they continue to carry the notoriously dangerous URO parts... Which nobody should sell.
5 These guys (along with my brother's extensive tool collection) have kept my 1995 E320 wagon going for over 211,000 miles. They are amazing. Great prices and free shipping on orders over $50. I ordered two flex disks and a transmission mount yesterday late morning and they were just delivered today at 9:30 am.  Can't beat that.
4 My go-to place for parts for my '79 Mercedes 240d.  They have just about everything I need and everything is well labeled with relation to OEM or alternate brand.  If there is a preferred brand I can expect to find it at AutohausAZ.  The price is right and free shipping over $50.   Shipping usually takes close to a week to get to Chicago, but the wait is ok for the right parts.
2 I would like a "will call" window at the Tempe location.  Waiting a day or two for a part drives me nuts when they are located just a few miles away.  AND I have to pay  $10 shipping for that.
3 A great source for parts and the free shipping with a $75 order is nice. The only negative is that they used to ship very quickly and now it seems like they take forever to "process" your order. So if you're not in a hurry for your parts, give 'em a try.
