4 Oh my! I had these gorgeous fried pumkin things which really was a delicious taste sensation! And the Miso Soup was good! As was the chicken dumplings! The beef on a stick thing was a bit tasteless but everything else I tried was MMMMMM!!
4 DISCLAIMER: Ok, I need to put something out there relating to all my sushi reviews. After talking to a friend today about my review of another place, I recognise that what I rate as 'good sushi' in Edinburgh isn't the same on an international scale. The best 5 star sushi I've had here rates at about 3 stars on an international scale. So for all sushi-snobs who regularly feast in Japan / Australia / the sunny West Coast of the States - don't be disappointed or consider my tastes poor. Instead, these ratings are compared to other sushi places I've had in Edinburgh and the UK.  And let normal review activity resume.  I kept forgetting this sushi place existed. All my other favourite sushi places are on the outskirts, in Old Town. So when, cold and hungry one day I was on Hanover Street and spied Yes Sushi I was thinking "YES!" indeedy.  As David H mentions, it doesn't have a sushi chef wrapping and rolling in front of you. I've yet to find one in Edinburgh that does, apart from Yo! Sushi and that feels too kitschy to be repeated that often.  But Yes Sushi does have an extensive menu with several options I haven't found else where and that ticked all my boxes. The tuna and salmon platters meant I could have just the right amount of sashimi, rice and miso all for £10. (see uploaded photo). On my Tuna Platter I got three bits of tuna sashimi, two tuna nigiri and 6 spicy tuna rolls.   Yeah the rolls fell apart and the nigiri rice wasn't sticky enough. But the sashimi was fresh. And oh, the miso soup. The miso soup here rocks. It's the best I've had in Edinburgh. FULL of seaweed and tofu, and not overly salty. I never thought I could get this excited about Miso.  The service was 50 / 50. One great waitress, one sloppy and rushed. But hey.  They also do a deal of £17.50 for a Hot Pot (something I've not seen other sushi places) and as much maki as you can eat. AS MUCH MAKI AS YOU CAN EAT. I don't think I could fit in £17.50 worth of maki but I know a lot of people who need to order at least two mains in a sushi place to feel full, so that's good value right there.  The sushi was good, for Edinburgh, and it's central and does lots of exciting, different things. I liked it a lot and I will be back.  The only thing I missed was cheaper lunch options. Their LUNCH Bento Box was £10. Some other sushi places I know have lunch specials starting from £5.  The sushi fell apart but I still liked it here. The tuna platter swung it for me.
4 I decided I was in desperate need of some sushi to keep me going at my nice wee shift at work on Saturday so I ended up here after passing it many times and being intrigued..... as I often am with anywhere that sells food, coffee, cake or something nice and tasty!   The sushi selection here is great, I wanted to try a bit of everything but seeing as it was just me that would have been a bit extreme! The service was nice, attentive and not too serious. I liked that. I ended up deciding I would go for some spicy tuna maki, salmon nigiri and mixed vegetable tempura. This seemed like a reasonable amount of food to me..... and I was safe with this assumption until after I had devoured the sushi (which was delish, tuna had a really good kick and fish tasted better than most I have had). Then the tempura arrived. It was an actual mountain of tasty aubergine, carrot, sweet potato, yellow and red peppers. They were not holding back at all. ......... and you know what!? I ate every last piece, and I am PROUD. Needless to say I was utterly stuffed, but it was totally worth it.   I would give this sushi bar another try although if I was on my own I would maybe give the bento box a try as it is a little pricey otherwise and the portions were just a bit too much!
4 This was a bit of a late night option when we were looking for food at about 11.30 on a Fri night. Not many other places serving at that time of night so were relieved just to find somewhere.  I can't really say I've had a lot of sushi but this place seems to be pretty good. It all seemed to be well made and tasty. I made the mistake of not asking for a fork which hampered progress considerably!  One thing that could have been better would be the menus. Being quite new to the whole sushi thing I wasn't entirely sure what I was ordering as there wasn't much of a description to anything.  Apparently they do an £18 all you can eat 'hot pot' which I've heard good things about. I may be back to give this a try sometime!
2 - They played classic piano music by Daniel Barenboim which made the Asian experience incomplete!   - Dumplings were flash pan-fried with old oil..one can smell it. - Sushi rice was not nicely prepared. - Service was not friendly + any order that was ready was brought to the table regardless if we finished starters/soup or not.   I dont know about sushi standards in Edinburgh because every time I walk down the street I see the place packed?! Maybe I ordered the wrong stuff. The only good thing was the wassabi coated nuts and the miso soup.
3 this was my 2nd visit to Yes Sushi although the 1st time I didn't eat there (long story involving a Bollinger tasting night  at another venue and a crab canape and a shellfish allergy) but managed to make it back this week for a wee try.  Love sushi/sashimi  so a little lunch visit there this week didn't disappoint, a huge menu with plenty of options, I went for a tuna sushi platter, served with miso soup and my partner in crime, a bento box.  All in all good quality, standard Japanese fare, nothing outstanding in terms of service/dishes but a decent place for a bite to eat. Would go back if in the area but probably have a couple of preferred joints ahead of this one - Sushiya & Hay Sushi both being closer to home and pretty hard to beat
3 My friend and I decided to visit this place at lunch time. It was my first time here so I was eager to sample some fresh Japanese food.  I ordered the bento box as it had a little bit of everything: sashimi, tonkatsu pork, rice, salad. My friend went for a selection of sushi. As we waited for the food to arrive, the waitress brought over some wasabi nuts and the miso soup which was part of the order. The soup was absolutely delicious, there were some little blocks of tofu in it and it was just what I needed on a freezing cold winter's day!  Then onto the bento box. It was all quite enjoyable. The sashimi was salmon and tuna, which were quite thick slices. Now it may just be me, but I would have preferred the sashimi in thinner slices. Tonkatsu pork was nice as well.   All in all, good lunch place (or dinner) and decent food on offer.  Polite service as well.
2 Really really wanted to give you a three star but couldn't bring myself to, but I will get to that. . I was pleasantly impressed with the food, it wasn't crazy good but still tasty. I went for the all you can eat sushi. I was sad the all you can eat menu wasn't as big as I hoped and I went for the cheap option ( they have to save some money or people like me would eat them out of home) but that was ok. The food was presented nicely which is huge for me. Sushi just tastes better when it's pretty. The prices were reasonable so I can't complain there. Ok the thing that got me and call me crazy , I felt segregated from the rest of the restaurant because I am not asian. Just throwing it out there not being racist or trying to offend anyone or anything. I just felt that way. When i walked into the establishment the people that were there were all Asian and sitting at various tables near the kitchen ( which is where I wanted to sit) but I was given a table  as far away as possible. I then noticed a few Asian couples come in and given tables near the kitchen and where all the action was. I though naw I'm being silly but then another non-asian couple came in and were given the table directly next to me and my girlfriend . There were plenty of tables near the kitchen and but they were placed as far away as possible as if both of us couples had the bubonic plague and we might start  spreading it and sending Edinburgh back into the Middle Ages . So that's why I couldn't give the third star.  ( My girlfriend felt the same way when I mentioned it to her after we left). If you want decent sushi though don't let this deter you it was good and I will be coming back, not just to see if I'm segregated again but to try the buffet again as well.
3 Ok I came back in just like I said I would and it was alot better. Got to choose my own seat as I was by myself I sat near the door. As the sun came out it got hot so I asked if I could move my seat. The waitress said ok and kindly helped me move my food and sake and such. The food is ok. Sushi seemed cheap , probably because its the buffet and they can't roll top food out for that or they loose a lot of money which I understand. Meso soup is one of the best I've had actually I give the soup a 4 star it's tasty. Also had a kimchee roll which was quite good actually. The spice mixed with the soy sauce was actually really good. So I had a much better experience today . I will be going back.
3 Apparently in Glasgow you can get sushi to takeaway everywhere, or so it would seem if you listen to my visiting sister. In Edinburgh I think the choice is more limited, I know there's Miso & Sushi but it doesn't deliver to my flat, so on our way home from a book festival event we popped by Yes Sushi to fulfil her cravings.  Thoughts - well it's a lot bigger inside that the outside would suggested, but diners are pretty crammed in, and the famous hot pots they serve mean they have electrical cables all over the floor. It'd be a much better (and safer) idea to ask an electrician to install more sockets, or even sockets at the tables.  Price wise the sushi isn't too bad, but a lot of it seems pretty expensive.  I ordered one of the selections from the front page of the takeaway menu which cost nearly £14. It was nice, several types of sushi and some sashimi, but not lots - certainly not enough to justify the price.  My sister was pleased with her choices, but again not cheap. Everything tasted good mind, and if I was in town I might be inclined to pop in for food (especially as the hot pots looked interesting), but I wouldn't go out of my way - but it did fulfil our sushi needs.
4 My friends don't know sushi ***please apply Jenny L's disclaimer here also as it turns out I am the ignorant one***  I'm hungover and need to have something tasty for lunch which is actually my breakfast. I'm torn between a huge bowl of pasta or sushi, my health conscious side says go for sushi, don't risk sending your body into carb lock down  -even if those meatballs do look awesome.   So sushi is the choice, décor in this place is attempted modern, Japanese schoolgirl prints and manga-esque patterns. I don't find that offensive, service is fast, which is good because hungover Tom has little patience. I opted against a bento box, and went ofr a mixed sashimi plate which also came with Miso. The Miso is good, I ordered an iced green tea, it wasn't so good. The Sushi comes in good time, and I devour it, like the homeless kid in Santa Clause the Movie, just without the fingerless gloves, and the snow, and I'm not homeless, just hungover.  The food was good, not a bad sushi experience by my standards, but certainly not ground breaking.
3 This review will take the form of a note to myself reminding me what to order if I find myself at Yes Sushi again:  Agedashi tofu - disappointing. Don't get it again.  Avocado maki - good.  Miso soup - ok.  Veggie gyozas - good enough (to eat again).  In summary, a very hit-or-miss vegetarian selection. Service was fine. Atmosphere a bit fast-foody for my tastes. The search for my favorite Japanese restaurant in Edinburgh continues.
