5 Regardless of how long I waited to get my car windows tinted (too long), I found the perfect place to have it done. I'm not sure what I was expecting, a garage type place maybe, but my first impression with Apex Tint is that it's clean and welcoming. Jody walked me through my options and I found the prices quite reasonable and the install was quicker than I thought. They told me it would be a couple days before the tinting cured, but frankly, it looked good right out of the shop. Check these guys out. It's definitely worth it.
5 I would recommend Apex. Ron took the time to explain my options and I am happy with their work. My Chrysler 300 looks great!
5 I found this place to be completely profession and beyond that, considerate of their customers.  All of my interactions were with the owner-operator.  He really cares about getting the job done right.  My car just happened to have a mechanical problem while at Apex Tint, and the staff handled it extremely well, even staying late that night to get my tinting done.  They could have easily made me come back another day.  So far, my tint looks great.   I would take any of my vehicles back to Apex Tint.
5 I heard about Apex tint through Groupon.  After doing some research on the company they seemed to be very reputable and had good reviews.  I called the owner Ron and explained I had purchased the Groupon.  I figured they would be book solid and they were!  After explained to him I was going on a road trip and desperately needed tint he agreed to get me in for an early appointment!  I was blown away by his level of customer service and would recommend Apex tint to anyone!
1 Despicable.  Tried to extort additional money to install tint on my car.  Called and discussed my vehicle in advance with the owner Ron.  Told him year, make and model (2003 BMW 3-series) and asked if it would be covered with the Groupon.  He said it would and made no mention of any "specialty" charge.  I specifically asked about any premium charge related to the vehicle because of the quarter panel windows and was told there was no additional charge.  After receiving his reassurance, I purchased the Groupon and schedule my appointment for a month later.  Showed up on the day of my appointment to have the tint installed and was told it would be an additional $100 to install tint because it is a specialty vehicle.  When I challenged the tint installer about this he said "Hey man, this is not bait and switch".  I find it interesting that he chose to introduce that specific term into the conversation.  He then went to go get Ron.  During the ensuing discussion with Ron, he denied having the conversation with me about my vehicle a month ago.  He told me that the reason for charging extra was 1)  My vehicle has a curved back window.  2)  BMW is a luxury vehicle 3)  He could tint 2 Toyota Corollas in the time it would take to tint my car.  4)  His business would lose money if he tinted my car for $129 ($299 value).    He actually had the audacity to say that the price to tint my car without a Groupon would have easily been $399.  They also attempted to use fear-mongering tactics about how all other tint shops use inferior products and their tint would last.    Ultimately, Ron had no interest in doing what it would take to make this right and honoring the verbal information he had previously provided me.    While I appreciate the position of a business to reserve the right to charge more for a particular vehicle at their discretion; I have serious issues with saying one thing on the phone and then trying to pull a fast one when the customer shows up for the install.  It's unfortunate that this happened as others have had positive experiences with this company.  My advice is to speak to the owner in advance and have him email you a price quote for your vehicle before purchasing any Groupons.
5 Simply awesome!  From the explanation of what they offer, to a perfect recommendation, down to super fast service! Ron's team did a fabulous job tinting my vehicle. The prior 5 star reviews are what brought me in and they were spot on.
5 I used Yelp and Groupon to find Apex tint and I couldn't be more thrilled. I am a transplant and I have had some bad experiences with customer service in the area. I couldn't be more pleased with the level of customer service I received from Apex.   I called to schedule an appointment after hours and to my surprise someone answered. My phone died and she actually called me back?! No one does that. I told her I was surprised she answered and she said they have had so many calls, she had the phone forward her calls to her cell phone so she wouldn't miss any customers. Seriously, who does that!!! I dropped off my car at 8am, and did not feel pressured to purchase anything above my Groupon. I did however, select to add a few more items for an additional charge, but asked Ron for them, they were not suggested.   As if I wasn't already floored by the level of service I received (keep in mind I recently had a hair stylist in Scottsdale bump me because the walk-in "paid more than me") Ron "took my word for it" on my Groupon because I left it at home, and completed all 5 windows within 3 hours. I received a phone call, brought in my Groupon and was out of the store in 5 minutes with a clean car, tape to remind me not to roll down my windows, and 5 tinted windows for the very very reasonable charge of 179.00. I have a  guarantee and perfect windows. This is around 200.00 less than the Volvo dealership quoted me.  Thank you APEX, I have already purchased a Groupon for friends as a gift :-)
2 I researched window tinting in the Valley for a few weeks and was given the same quote on price within a few dollars from every shop.  I was excited to see the tinting on groupon and decided to take advantage.  I was unable to get an appointment for 2 weeks, where the other shops could get me in within 2 days.  I decided I'd wait the 2 weeks in order to save some money.   At my appointment I was given this song and dance about how my car was a specialty car and they could tint 2 corollas in the time it takes to do mine.  He also said it was hard to tint my back window because it was curved.  Last time I checked, unless it's a truck, most car back windows are curved.  They would have to charge me $75  extra cause it's going to be harder and take longer to tint.  I was quoted 3 hours but they would need my car for 5 just in case.   After an hour and 15 minutes, my car was ready.  I asked why I was paying extra for a car that takes longer to tint, when it actually took half the time.  The answer given was that they used multiple guys to tint it faster.  Doesn't that just make sense though? If it's faster to tint windows with multiple people and you can get more cars done, why would you use one person per car?  Basically, I waited 2 weeks to get the same product and pay the same amount.  The Groupon wasn't necessary.  I have a friend that works for Groupon and I know that businesses don't make a lot of money, let alone any off of them, they are used more to advertise and get people in.  It seems to me APEX is trying to recover some lost money.
5 Had two vehicles tinted over two consecutive days with Ron and his team at Apex, really happy with the results.  I used the LivingSocial coupons with the prior understanding that my vehicles would require an upcharge (both SUVs).   Work was done quickly and professionally - would certainly recommend them.
1 Apex is a scam.  we attempted to set up an appointment for over a week, but no one answered, and pathetically, they were too lazy to return a phone call. they finally answered a week later.  we would have already dumped them, but we were stuck with Groupon.  They confirmed the make, model, and service required, and confirmed a price.  When we arrived for our appt, they reneged their offer price and told us it would be an additional $55 to tint a VERY simple moonroof.  unfortunately there's a common thread with companies that have to resort to groupon for business, they are mostly clueless and they cant win customers without giving away discounted services.  Good luck Apex, you'll need lots of it.  Stay AWAY... too many other tint companies to choose from.
4 Apex did a great job with tinting my car windows. No extra charges . . . although they did try and sell me additional services . . .but, hey, isn't that just good business? They weren't rude or pushy about it when I said "no thanks!"  I sort of got the feeling that they are understaffed without anyone up front for customer service, because Ron and the guy who said he does the tinting seemed to both be doing both jobs. A sign of the times?  My car was done professionally and looks great!
5 Flexible with schedules.  Professional work completed quickly for a good price.
4 We used a Groupon.  The Groupon is good for standard tint only, and that is explained up-front.  I anticipated having to pay for the first up-grade, and the up-charge was reasonable.  No complaint there.  One small "gotcha" was that removal of the old tint was not included.  The rate wasn't unreasonable, but one should still be aware of this.  I figure the Groupon still saved me $30 or so.  I found the people I dealt with to be courteous, helpful, and professional.  They got the job done, and it appears to be very good.  The true test will be if I still feel this way in 6 months, or if we are having trouble with the tint.  But so far it is excellent.  And it does have a lifetime warranty, so if we do have trouble they said we can just bring it back.  If I have any more tinting that needs doing I will come here and let them do it.  If you don't see an update from me in a few months, that means the tint is holding up well and I'm happy.  :-)
5 Great service & fast delivery.  These guys are top notch for tint,
5 Had seen a couple groupons for window tint and after my first tint job bubbled, faded and began to peel, I decided it was time to have a re-do.    Ron the owner of Apex is super down to earth and reasonable when it comes to pricing and making a suggestion for what you are looking for. He isn't pushy and I felt like I was treated with respect the whole way. Not to mention I had to reschedule a few times to finally get in and never felt like he was irritated or needy.   When I dropped my car off late for my appt at 8:45, the tint job was done by 11. I returned and drove away into the not so sweltering sun thanks to Apex and the awesome new tint job.   PS Ceramic is worth the extra money.
1 I left two voice messages during business hours over a period of two weeks because no one answered the phone. No response to either voice message. This week I decided to try one more time and stopped by the business location. At 2pm on Tuesday the front door was locked with no sign or message stating why the business is closed and when the owner might be returning. At this point, I've written Apex Tint off.
1 Bought a Groupon and would have loved to use it! I bought the Groupon in April and called pretty frequently the first few weeks and left messages. Someone did eventually call back and left a message (called around 11 AM on a weekday, I was at work so couldn't answer). I called back same day and tried again repeatedly. Never  got another call back. Had to get a refund from Groupon :( Would have loved to have my windows tinting in April or May. Now it's already 120* and I need them down pronto! Looking elsewhere.
1 This place is out of business. Their calls are being intercepted by some other tint outfit in Gilbert.  Verify before wasting your time like I did.
4 Got a call / message from "A Better Tint" saying they had purchased the contacts from Apex Tint and they would be servicing my Apex Tint warranty. Not sure if that means they purchased Apex Tint . . . or just their warranties?    At this point I have had absolutely no problems with the tinting that Apex did . . . and it's been almost 10 months since they tinted my car windows. They still look great!  Probably not going to need that warranty!    But, I am impressed with the customer service at A Better Tint. Pro-active. They didn't wait until I had problems and then let me know. Thanks Carly. Thanks ABT.
