5 Energetic.  Fun.  Spunky.  Innovative.  Awesome!  These are just a few of the words that describe Ventola Photography!  I could go on but I think you would prefer I get to the point.  If you are seeking a photographer who is constantly looking for new and fabulous ways to capture your moments, after all, we did name their table at our wedding reception "Moment Catchers," you have found them right here!  Kym and her second photographer, Mackenzie, really know how to blend into the background and put you at ease.  There are those out there who enjoy having their picture taken and then there are the rest of us.  These gals are truly patient and enthusiastic about YOU.  They take the time to learn about who you are and what makes you, well, you.  In doing so, they are able to see those moments you may have not even realized and capture them for you.  The photojournalistic style tells a story with each photo.  Instead of a posed picture for a frame, you have a piece of art for your wall.  If you are thinking about contacting Ventola Photography, do it.  Word is spreading and they are worth every syllable.
5 Kym and her team are amazing! Just from looking at her website I could tell that I wanted to work with her for our wedding. This feeling was confirmed at our first meeting. Both me and my mom fell in love with her and her work. Kym has amazing skill and is able to create the most amazing photography from an ordinary setting. I knew I didn't want the basic wedding photos and poses that many wedding photographers use and I was definitely not disappointed by Kym and her team. Kym is also so easy to work with, has a great sense of humor and personality. After working with her I was already planning my next need for photography just so we could hang out again :o) I will definitely use her in the future for maternity and family photos in the future! You will not be disappointed!!
5 We don't even know how to express our overwhelming gratitude for what Kym did for us, the pictures are beyond amazing! So many of them made us tear up because they so perfectly captured that day. We totally relived all of those dreamy moments because Kym was able to capture them with such amazing skill, passion, love for people and what it means to marry your best friend. We love her to death and couldn't have asked for a better photagrapher / friend, she truly is the best! We are so excited to to get them printed and hang them around our house as well as share them with our families. If you're looking for a photographer, you can stop now-you won't find anyone more creative and professional than Kym Ventola. She may start off as someone you hire but she will end up a part of your family. We love you Kym!
5 I found Kym via a random internet search for a wedding photographer. Out of the thousands of photos I scanned through, hers stood out. Her photography is just awe-inspiring. We booked her right away and when my (now) husband and I met her, we felt like we were reconnecting with an old friend. She is vivacious and gorgeous--inside and out! She made us feel so comfortable, I forgot she was even taking pictures throughout our wedding. She was also great at providing directions for us during the family and bridal photos. When we saw the photos, we could hardly believe we were the subjects--they are absolute ART! If you are getting married, celebrating an anniversary, having a birthday party or a baby shower, or you just want to have some AMAZING photographs taken of your family--hire Ventola Photography, you will not be disappointed!
