5 We where looking for local music lessons, and Arics name came up from our sons teacher and a few parents we know.  They all highly recommended him for drums for our son.  He is very patient and knows how to compliment and correct gently.
5 My 9 year old daughter has been taking Violin lessons with Aric for several months.  She struggles with confidence, but Aric has a way of explaining the same thing to her in several different ways without ever losing patience or sounding condescending.  She now feels very comfortable with him and continues to enjoy her lessons and practicing every night.  This music adventure could have gone poorly for her, but Aric's manner is just what she needed to get on the road to feeling confident and capable.  It's beautiful to see her face light up with pride when she plays and I know it is because of Aric's teaching skills.  I highly recommend him for children who need a little coaxing out of life's shell.
5 I have three children(ages 4-9) that have been taking piano here for a couple months.  It's amazing to see how much they've learned in such a short period of time.  Sarah and Aric are great!
5 At 34 years of age I decided to learn how to play a music instrument. After searching the valley for a teacher I found Phoenix Music Lessons(PML). I started off by going to their offices and learning from Aric who is a great teacher and I progressed very well but after a few months I decided that being able to learn and practice at my house was what would work best. Aric said that was not a problem and that is when Erica started teaching me piano. She is a really great teacher and has helped me progress very well. She is a master of the piano and realyl knows how to teach you how to play. I highly recommend Phoenix Music Lessons and Aric and Erica as teachers.
5 Phoenix Music Lessons and Aric deserve 5 Stars.  My son Daniel (11) has been taking lessons from Aric for almost two years and is still going strong due to his amazing teacher. Aric is patient, dedicated to teaching and extremely professional in how he deals with the kids and the parents.  My son is easily distracted and it amazes me how Aric can pull him back into learning and practicing his weekly assignments.  We truly are thankful to Aric and Phoenix Music Lessons for the music it has brought into our home and lives.
5 My 5 year old daughter has been taking piano lessons with Aric in Sep 2012.  Before enrolling her in Phoenix Music Lessons I went to several places and observed the interaction of the teachers with such a young student.  I chose PML for 3 main re sons: (1) Piano Method - I find Piano Adventures the best method for young children to teach music and beginning piano;  (2)  Teacher - Aric is a very patient and effective teacher.  He has the ability to engage both kids and parents; and (3) Location - the studio is centrally located and close to school.  My daughter enjoys the piano classes, but most importantly, is learning to love, feel, and understand music.  This is most important to to us at this juncture in her development.  All the teachers in the studio are very professional, enjoy teaching, and have a good rapport with all their students.  We are very pleased with PML.
5 My daughter started with piano there with Aric who was EXTREMELY patient with her.  She did very well then moved on to guitar with Kurt.  Now, I take guitar with Kurt.  As a 43 year old working mother of two I needed something low stress and that's just how Kurt teaches.  He's completely unintimidating, patient and kind.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND PHOENIX MUSIC LESSONS!
