1 This is the worst nail person I have ever been to. She spent the first ten minutes loudly bashing Asian salons and me for going to them. By then I was wondering why I wasn't at my local friendly Asian salon. She was unprofessional - to the point of making me feel very uncomfortable. Her sister was in the very tiny room with her & they were arguing. She had a reality tv show blasting that she would comment on - as if she was one of the characters. She answered her phone several times - screaming at her poor children. She stopped working every time she got a text to reply and to bitch about it. I went in for a gel manicure - there was no manicure. She claims to pamper her clients - she makes it very clear she does not care & just wants you out of there. My nails looked like a 3 year old had painted them & I was too lazy to clean them up. I thought it was just me - but my sister wrote a nice rating, gave her a second chance & paid to be treated horribly a second time!!!  Please don't give Christine your money - she will wreck your nails and make you feel horrible!!
5 I have been looking for a nail tech that can satisfy me, a person who is friendly, knowledgeable, thorough and most of all knows what the hell they are doing. I have found all these qualities and many more in Christine. when I called her she was very nice and she is well organized. I like the fact that she uses quality products and can keep up with the fashion and styles of nails today. I live on the other side of town and right across the street from a nail salon, but I choose to drive the distance for quality and professionalism. I usually don't blog about things because I'm too busy but when someone is good and you get a bunch of compliments on your nails, you just wanna let everyone know.
5 Love love Christine!!!!! Her personality and knowledge about her products are amazing!!! Love her ability to know what I want and execute it expertly. I'm always in love with my nails when she's done. I always get asked about my nails and toes. If you need ur nails done she's the one too do them!!!!
5 I found Christene two years ago when I was looking for affordable MINX for my bday. She was on time and very professional and I haven't gone anywhere else! She does great work!
5 Went to see Christine last week after being referred by a friend.  I've worn acrylic nails for around 25 year and have only had a handful of people do them. My last tech worked on me for about 8 years then just up and moved. I had a set put on in my local area but they just didn't do. Christine did everything I asked.  Took off the old set with absolutely no pain and pretty quick too. Asked what I liked and did an amazing job with my hands. I wear my nails pretty long and it takes a while to do them but she was great.  Had no problem making them look fabulous.  She was professional and gentle all while making sure i was comfortable. Recommend? ?? Absolutely!!!
5 I moved to Las Vegas earlier this year and was looking for a designated manicurist for gel nails.  I found Christine on Groupon and I have gone back several times since.  She even offered me the opportunity to get the same rate of the Groupon if I booked at my first appointment.   I've been getting gel nails for a while and she is diligent about every step.  I'm also a fan of her wide selection of colors.  Yelp just makes me laugh because of people who get on here and try to completely sabotage someone's business when really you probably tried to build a piece of furniture and your mani just chipped.  Find something better to do people seriously!  In the meantime, thank you Christine...I am a fan :)
1 Do NOT got this place. I'm so mad I did not want to tip the man. The nail tech who did my pedicure had a horrible attitude and almost refused to do what I asked! (I was only there for 40 minutes and I saw another tech do it to somebody else) Anyway, I have dark nails so I like a white base coat so that my colors are more defined, he was so confused and said it wouldn't look right. He put on the base coat and then refused to finish. Then they proceeded to talk about me in Chinese!
