4 The best way to sum this place up is by using their own slogan...  * GO Fishing * GO Skiing * GO Caravanning * GO Travelling * GO Camping * GO Climbing * GO Running * GO Walking * GO Cycling  You can also add GO Horse-riding, GO Canoeing, GO anything outdoors.   These guys sell everything, ranging from in-store 'black label' brands through to the well known premium brands such as North Face, Berghaus, Coleman to name a few.   Their prices are very competitive at all levels and the range, well frankly it's massive and the store itself reminds me of a 'we sell everything you need' Midwest outdoors store in the USA.  I love this store!
4 It's my birthday soon and, as I've been making a concerted effort to get back into rock climbing recently, my family wanted to buy me some new climbing shoes to save me having to keep hiring shoes well worn by many other people! (this has the same 'bleugh' factor as the shoes you get in bowling alleys!!)    GO Outdoors was my first port of call, and I'm extremely glad I paid them a visit!   This store is enormous, and pretty much caters for every outdoor activity you can think of. There is a huge selection of outdoor clothes & ski wear, and there are plenty of staff on hand to help out. They have a discount card system on the go and, for a small annual fee, you'll get some money off your purchases (although don't need this card to shop here!)   GO Outdoors has a very good 'Climbing' section, with a great range of equipment at varying, but reasonable, prices. I delved straight into trying on climbing shoes and had a shop assistant on hand very quickly to help me out. Then came the fun bit...  ...this place has an in-store climbing wall! : )  To have the opportunity to try out climbing shoes on an actual wall was a fabulous, and a really great asset to Go Outdoors! The assistant was extremely knowledgeable, knew his products well, and gave me quite a few tips about picking the right shoes and how to maintain them. I was also impressed he manage to keep a smiling face, and his patience, as I tried on every shoe in the store....in each size!  I found the perfect climbing shoes in the end (and a pair of walking trainers I picked up in the sale for £17) and went home happy I'd had a great shopping experience and some free climbing into the bargain...what more could a girl ask for?!
2 Despite being huge, GO Outdoors has rarely delivered exactly what I was looking for, and the savings aren't great enough to justify the compromise. For those unfamiliar, the store runs a 'discount card' scheme under which, for £25 a year, you get a reduced rate on everything. In my view, this is just a transparent marketing ploy - the unreduced prices are extortionate, while the 'discount' rates are merely reasonable.  The staff, when I've asked for help, haven't seemed particularly interested or well informed. I'm aware this makes me sound like a snob, but this is the kind of place you'd go to buy a festival tent that you'll use once and throw away. Imagine a giant Millets, but with less atmosphere.  Tiso down the road may have a smaller stock and be a bit more expensive, but more often than not I'll leave with the thing I went in for.
3 Generally disappointed by the cycling section - there wasn't much to choose from and I was confused about price (I thought this place is a discount store?!). If you're into your bikes then I would give this place a bit of a body swerve and opt for one of the local independents - you'll get a way better standard of service and probably better selection of whatever it is you're looking for.   Saying that, I suspect this place caters well for walkers as there was a lot more on offer for outdoorsy types. Tents, trews, shoes, socks, tops and hats galore. Also lots of camping gear and stuff of that ilk. I think I'd be happy to come back here for general outdoor stuff (think Tiso) but any bike bits will likely be a disappointment.
