3 Completely reasonable lunch option on UW campus.   Came during the lunch rush on a Friday. Walking up, it seemed like the service was going to be chaotic, but it actually worked really really smoothly. Basically, you write your order on a little piece of paper and hand it to the guy. The food is pretty much ready by the time you've paid.   According to their website, they have some kind of local/seasonal ethic, but  that wasn't totally obvious from the menu. I'd love it if they'd try to point out which of their offerings were in keeping with those principles (hint: not the tuna sandwich) and if they'd include some organic ingredients. I also wish the menu was a bit more adventurous. As it is, they have tuna, turkey, roast beef, a club, a vegetarian sandwich, and a special. Not exactly ground-breaking lunch fare. It would be great if they'd stretch for some more adventurous flavors or combinations in the sandwiches.  I had the pulled pork sandwich special, which was quite tasty and well-priced. I appreciated that there wasn't too much barbecue sauce on the sandwich, so I could taste all of the elements, and that it wasn't so overloaded that it was a great big mess to eat. Though this place isn't too exciting, the food seems to be good enough that I'll probably go back and try other things.  Sandwich and a diet coke: $7.73 incl tax.
4 I'm around this part of the UW campus all the time, so I stop here maybe once or twice a week. The coffee is consistent and quite good - their roasts come from a local co-op called Just Coffee. I can't speak for the sandwiches/lunch menu because I've never dined here, but I do like the pastries - the usual coffee house suspects like muffins, scones, cookies. Some of the varieties are atypical - blackberry scones, ginger-pear muffins, and the like.   My favorite part: the exterior wall is usually pulled back on a nice day, making everything open-air. A nice place to sit in the morning to do some reading or people watch.
5 The coffee and food here is great.  I love that they are serving Just Coffee, a locally roasted fair trade, organic coffee that is delivered by bicycle.  They use organic and locally sourced products for their other menu items as well.  Nice atmosphere, with an open air patio on the east side in the warm months.  The line for service can be long, but they move quickly and the wait is never very long.  The prices seem reasonable for the quality of food - the old "you get what you pay for" matra!
2 The food at Aldo's is excellent.  There are always good vegetarian options available, and it is conveniently located on campus.  The lines, however, are very long.  The service is the reason I rated it as a two.    Once, I ordered a chai latte, was charged for the drink and then proceeded to wait 20 minutes for my order.  When it still hadn't come out, I asked the cashier when I would get my chai.  She responded that they were out of chai!  So I wasted my 20 minutes only to have them try to figure out the register system to refund me.  They ended up giving me a free beverage on them.  When I went next time to use this beverage, they had mysteriously run out of coffee lids so I couldn't take my coffee with me!  I think if they get their act together they could be amazingly successful!
3 Pros: -Coffee and bakery, yum - they occasionally have amazing zucchini muffins, and the scones are good, too -Solid regular menu - the portobella sandwich is great, and I like the combo option. -Great building  -Proximal to my office  Cons: -It just hasn't been the same since the old crowd of employees left (esp. the old manager, John) -Most of the vegetarian specials are both actively bad and also overpriced. Under-cooked rice, beans, and cheese sauce for $5.99? Seriously? Every other Food Fight restaurant I've been to does vegetarian food with aplomb.  ----I overheard the manager yelling at his employees the other day, in front of the entire WID. That really put me off.
3 Food quality and service is progressively getting worse. They used to use cashews in their salads and now it's peanuts. They are also very unorganized and inefficient with their food orders.
2 This place is extremely overpriced for the quality. You're better off at badger market or that place in Union South for coffee. In terms of food, their stuff is really hit or miss. Plus every time I get a meal that comes with fruit or chips, I forget to grab it, and they almost never mention it.   Service is quite poor. There is almost always a long wait for food or coffee. It was a lot better under the old manager (bearded guy always in flannel), and it's really gone down hill since he left. Recently they changed their punch cards so that you need 16 coffees, not 10, to get e free one. That just seems like money grabbing poor service to me, I've stopped going here.
3 If you're looking for a bright spot to chill or a  place on campus for a quick, midday catchup, few cafés in the area boast the kind of table space and year-round natural sunlight that Aldo's slash the Wisconsin Institute of Discovery building has to offer. No outlets to spare in the café section though, so I'd think twice about camping out here with a laptop.   The coffee is marginally better than the next nearest spot, Peet's across the street at Union South, but it also costs a few shiny pennies more.   Lunch is generally fresh, but it's a little pricey. Expect there to be some cheese or cream or mayo concoction in most of the options. The long wait times and so-so menu execution make me want to say skip the food unless you're feeling fancy and slightly desperate for sunlight.
4 Summer hours are a little shorter than usual (they close an hour earlier), but are still long enough for a midday coffee break (you know, like the one you need around 2PM after inhaling a huge lunch at noon?).   They also have lunch items available between 11-3PM on weekdays. Although I haven't tried all the options, the options that I have tried have all been pretty good - at least when compared to most cafe foods.  For those of us working in the medical sciences center across the street, Aldo's is a blessing. The brightly-lit cafe with a high-ceiling is definitely a welcomed reprieve from the cramped quarters of a typical lab.  Remember to check in on yelp for 10% off their frappes!
4 Good coffee, friendly baristas, nice setting both in the café and other spots to sit in an interesting building, tasty pastries. Have only had lunch a few times and it's always been good. The breakfast menu is currently a bit odd which is why I'm not giving it 5 stars, though the menus do change from time to time.
