4 Great selection, very competitive prices and very friendly staff.
4 This store is huge! Fresh baked dog treats, frozen beef marrow bones and dog food. Aisles of quality canned and dry dog food. Treats and bully sticks to spoil your furry child. Good selection of toys and accessories as well. I noticed a grooming station in the back. The staff was friendly and store was clean. The prices are pretty comparable to other pet stores in town. I'll definitely be returning.
5 Love the staff here! Great people, they always help us out for our cat and dog! Plus the cute little silky terrier behind the counter is always my favorite part of the visits. We only buy from this store.
1 Had both of my teacup yorkies groomed here today and I'm so UPSET! I specifically told the groomer that I wanted half off the hair and the face round with the teddy bear look. She didn't listen to what I wanted.  Instead she cut off 75% off their hair and my dogs don't even look like yorkies!  They look like chihuahuas!  One of dogs is almost bald on her head. She had a long beautiful pony tail that took a long time to grow. And it's shaved off! Uuugh!! I'm so frustrated!!! I told the employees that I was upset and not happy with the haircuts and all they could do is give me $5 off. Really?!  Why can't I find a good groomer in my area?! I'm never returning to this place! And I will not recommend this place to any of my friends. I didn't even want to rate 1 star for this place but I had to in order to post my review.
5 Really like coming here for our dogs needs. Great treats, really good prices on dog food and they do an excellent job grooming her. Definitely recommended!
1 This is a fairly long story. And I will do my best to be fair, not angry.   Last week we brought 3 dogs in for grooming. 1 small dog (4 lb Yorkie) and 2 larger dogs (20-23 lbs each). When I went in, I was alone. I brought the larger dogs in first. The yorkie was in the car with the window cracked, fan on and water in the car for approximately 3 minutes.   Everyone was very helpful in trying to get us all in quickly because I was alone with 3 crazy dogs! For that I am grateful. The owner even asked if I wanted help. Very nice and concerned which I appreciated. I told her it was fine and easier for me to do it on my own.   I spoke with the groomer regarding the needs of my small dog. She is fidgety, scared and has had a bad grooming experience in the past. I asked her to be careful around sensitive areas (ears, nose, nails etc..) and not to worry if she couldn't do them.  I left feeling very confident and everyone in the store was very nice.   About 3 hours after their appointment I called to see if they were ready. We arrived to pick them up and the girl at the front stated that the groomer wanted to talk to us.   The big dogs were fine. The little one had been cut just under her eye. The small wound was causing bleeding in and around her eye. She was fully groomed. The groomer informed me she hadn't called because she was new, didn't know the policies and was scared. She told me she hadn't told anyone what happened.   We took our dogs and went to the front. The owners were not there. An associate spoke with us and I was upset and angry that we hadn't been called. A woman told me that I needed to calm down (mistake).   We took the dog to the vet and she required 3 stitches which meant she needed anesthesia.   We went in yesterday to meet with the owner regarding the situation. We explained that we are not upset the dog was hurt. These things happen. What we are upset about is the way it had been handled.   * We were not called to be told the dog was hurt.  * We do not know how long she sat there with a cut on her eye that needed medical attention.  * The groomer admitted to being afraid to call. This meant our dog was put in harms way when she should have been treated.   The owner wanted us to pay for the other 2 dogs. Ultimately she would put their services toward the vet bill. This way her groomer could be paid. I did not not think we should pay anything. Neither did my husband. Had she been open and honest and called us, I would gladly have paid.   We mentioned that we would do what we felt necessary if they were going to pay us for only part of the bill. She asked if we were threatening her and my husband told her absolutely not.  We were told we were being taped (both audio and visual). My husband and the owner continued to discuss the situation. She then looked at me, pointed her finger to my face and said "YOU left your dog in the car. I was the one who was worried about her. I bet you didn't tell your husband that did you". This was on the floor of her store. I told her it was irrelevant because my dog was fine and safe. My husband started to talk to her and she stalked away.   She returned with the check, paid in full and we thanked her.   I am posting this for people to make their own judgements. This could have and should have been handled better. Again, things happen and dogs get hurt. Especially fidgety ones. I appreciate that no excuses were made for the groomer, but the way we (and our dog) were treated was not ok. And I think people need to know about it.
5 Love this place. The owner has Boxers like us which is just an added bonus. When they were young we knew we could go in there and get some questions answered when we needed.  We never used the grooming service but buy all our food and most treats here. Bogarts has a very boutique feel but surprisingly their food prices are generally a few $$ cheaper than Petsmart or others. They carry real quality food and have a bakery dedicated to healthy pup treats. Our dogs love it when we take them in there and let them pick out a snack.   In addition, every Saturday they have dog adoptions through the Heaven Can Wait Foundation. The chance to recycle a previously used canine is always good hearted idea.
1 Took my recently rescued dog here to be groomed.  She was nervous and new to the leash process.  A small poodle mix, all of 9 pounds.  When I walked in Bailey squatted and puddled on the floor.  The person sitting behind the desk loudly says across the room-"Dog-peeing on my rug."  I looked up and said something like "Sorry-she is scared".  The person said ( again loudly) " Dog-still peeing on my rug".  I turned around and left--won't be going back.  It's a pet/grooming store-not her living room.  Really?!?!
5 First timer and they were awesome! They groomed my dog so amazingly that now he has more swag then he know what to do with :)definitely coming back!!! thank you!!!!
5 I love this place! The customer service is outstanding. My high expectations have been met every time.
5 I love this place! So many awesome things for your pet. So far I've gone twice and have had a great experience each time. The staff is super friendly and my dogs love their treats. I brought my dog in the second time I went and everyone loved her. She even got a free sample ;) I haven't tried the spa yet but I don't think it's anything short of awesome.   So far I've gotten the peanut butter bones, tiny cupcakes, paw oreos, salmon sticks, chicken jerky and some bagged treats.  My dogs have sensitive tummys (god awful gas) and all of the treats have gone down well. Today I bought them the frozen yogurt. It was gone in 5 minutes.   My huskies thank you! We'll be back!
