4 Grand opening for the New Chipotle out here near PV mall....and of course in walking distance of my house. I mean it simply doesn't get any better than this....so many food choices and more coming all within a stone's throw of my apartment complex. I was the 3rd person in line for this chipotle's grand opening after 3pm promotion. The first 100 people received a free burrito....burrito bowl....taco's or salad card to use on their visit.....and a biodegradable water bottle.   I had the chicken burrito with a side of chips and guacamole....it cost me about 10 bucks. While the burrito was pretty good.....the chips and guac were very salty so beware of that if you have high blood pressure issues. The restaurant is located in great locale....right near the intersection of Cactus and Tatum. I am sure it will do well in this locale especially since again it sits right near the mall.  However with Oregano's which just opened a couple of weeks ago right across from it....and a new Culver's coming that will be just down the road....and of course the already popular In and Out burger.....I am sure there will be some stiff competition for business. I am just excited it is so close to my apt. so if I ever to want Mexican....I now have my very own NEIGHBORHOOD CHIPOTLE!!!! Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5 love their food!!!
1 So the Chipotle on cactus by pv mall is the worst. They chinced on the entire bowl and were rude, its freaking rice and beans, come on!!
1 So this may in fact be the worst Chipotle in existence. Let me explain.  Every time I show up craving a burrito bowl, there's a huge line to the door. Each person in line is wondering why they're there. You can tell. They're wondering why they put up with the low quality, the terrible service, the indifferent management, the unacceptable price of guacamole, the attitudes of the guy asking you what you want -- or more often, telling you to hold on. The only time I've come here and not had to wait in line, this troll still told me I had to wait because they were making an order for a  family (not in attendance).  I've checked in to this place a few times, and I've been to the Chipotle by Fashion Square a few thousand. For some reason, that place is bomb and this place sucks. At this location, you have to stand in line among dine-in patrons and witness the slop that you're about to ingest and the looks of disappointment on their faces after each unfulfilling bite.  If you've already decided to eat at Chipotle, you've probably had Chipotle before. If you're like me, you go to get a burrito bowl with no rice because you're a Slow Carb or 4 Hour Body fanatic. You know that you can get what you need (not necessarily what you want). If you want a delicious authentic Mexican meal, go across the street to Julio's. If you want to hate yourself and write a whiny Yelp review about it, come here.
2 I've pre-ordered from here several times, and dined in just once. Just about every time we order ahead, our food is messed up in some way-- we paid for chips and didn't get them was the most recent mistake. It's not an earth shattering error, just annoying when you don't get what you pay for.  I can't quite figure out what the difference is between this location and all the others-- maybe the age or experience of the staff? It just seems a little inconsistent.
4 While I wait for the fine people at Chipotle to finally wise up and build a location north of the Loop 101, this one is the closest to my home in Desert Ridge.  With a craving for a burrito bowl, and Chipotle's easy online ordering, I put in my girlfriend and my usual order (which was originally made for another location by our old home) with a single click and drove down to PV Mall.  There's nothing that really sets this Chipotle apart from the others.  It has the typical look and feel of every other Chipotle ever built.  The food is the usual quality I have come to expect from this quick service chain.  My only real put off was that my order was not ready on time.  The confirmation email said our food would be ready by 8:10pm.  I walked in at 8:12, skipped the line and went to register, waited for the person paying to finish, then told the cashier that I was there for my online order.  It hadn't even been made yet.  The staff quickly put it together in less than five minutes, which allowed me to jump ahead of three or four people who had been waiting, but that also means if I just left my home earlier, it would've taken about the same amount of time.  Not the worst thing to ever happen, but it does defeat half the purpose of online ordering.  Having said that, here's a tip for all the people who complain about the long line at lunch time.  This location is right outside a mall surrounded by a ton of apartment complexes, retail centers, and office buildings.  It's going to be busy.  Order your food on chipotle.com (there's also a fax form on the website, or call ahead, if you're old school) and skip over all the people who did not plan ahead.  If they screw up and don't make your order right away like they did with me, they'll drop everything and make it.   No need to feel like a jerk.  You're now just smarter than the other customers who are now mad at you.  You're welcome.
4 Clean, friendly, just need to trim fat off white chicken.
4 If you have not been to this place, you need to try it. The Burritos are huge! My favorites are the bowls and salads. The ingredients are always fresh. I will always be happy to return.
4 I'v gone to this Chipotle a couple of times and everytime the workers have been polite and nice to me. This one usually isn't very busy so if you looking for a place to order a quick borrito this is the place to go. The design of the building is also very nice and has been clean everytime I have eaten their. In all I recommend this Chipotle over the other ones because of the great employees and quick making of the food.
4 Love the outside and inside of this location. Parking lot for the store is not that big but since its in the complex that PV Mall is in you can really park anywhere close to this store. Employees were nice and you don't have to talk loud at all for them to be able to hear you which is always nice. Seating isn't that big, my mom and I went on a Sunday around 2 to eat lunch and there was about 2 - 3 tables left to eat at which would have sucked if there were no seats left. They gave us a paper bag to put our food in to take it home if we didn't eat it all and the bag ended up ripping because the bottom of my burrito bowl was wet so I had to carry my bowl by hand back to my car. I got steak in my bowl and it didn't seem cooked all the way which ended up leaving me with a bad stomach ache. Also they hardly put nothing in my bowl since I didn't get rice which I thought was weird.
1 I had an aweful experience with this location while trying to order for 48 teachers for our school teacher appreciation.  It took me three phone calls to different managers to get an answer on the order to begin(I should have gone to a different restaurant then)after finally getting a response I ordered 48 burritos via a manager.  When my other PTA board member went to pay he confirmed that we had 5 burritos ordered.  Those were the 5 special ones and not the other 43.  They didn't know about a discount they had given us and the tax exempt.  She was told to bring it when I picked up and they would credit her card.  Well I was worried about my order so I showed up 15 minutes early the manager let me know I was early.  I informed her that I knew that.  I also was right in knowing they had my order wrong.  The manager from the night prior never passed my order to them so it was all wrong.  I waited and as I had 48 teachers waiting for dinner they finished late.  I asked if I could speak to a manager and no one would come speak to me.  They denied ever saying we could use our tax exempt form and would not credit us saying that no one ever told us that and told me they were sorry I felt the way I did.  Never and apology never is there anyway I can help NOTHING.  i totally understand human error but they treated me like dirt.  I would never recommend using them for any large party.  I had multiple burritos marked veggie and chicken and scratched out as teachers waited for their food during conferences.  Also when I asked for the area managers card they said they did not have his information!!!!
2 Do not order from the website for pick up here. Hard to trust that your order is correct. Apparently paying extra for Chips and Guac only comes with a bag of chips. Not to mention the tacos were half wrapped in one piece of foil that caused everything to leak out and soak and rip the bag. Ended up calling the manager of the store who was very friendly and offered us a free meal.
4 I like Chipotle. All of them. I like the food and can count on it. They let me put whatever I want on my burrito bowl and will even put more of something on if I ask. The people here have always been nice to me.
4 Good, smart choices available for healthy eating. Especially like the hormone free chicken. Fast, friendly service.
4 My daughter and I love Chipotle so much we have been there twice in the last week. I do have 1 tiny complaint. I wish they would put more meat on my burrito. If you ask for more they charge you for double meat which I think they do on purpose. Other than that try for an up sale I love the place.
1 When I go out to eat at a place that looks like this brand, the last thing I expect to do is stand in line to order my food.  I've heard they have good food, but for me, I want to go in sit down and have a server take my order.  If I want to place an order at the counter, I'll go to Taco Bell
2 This is probably the worst Chipotle I've ever been to. I Understand that they get busy but I've been to many locations with long lines that move quickly. This location however, is the SLOWEST one in the world.   The line is always to the door and you can expect to wait 15-20 minutes before paying. Most of the workers are soooo slow. Each time I've been in they are always low on meat or guacamole and you have to stand there and wait minutes for it to be replaced.   Also the parking is horrible. The "lot" is super tiny. Tonight there was no parking available and I had to park across the street at the mall and walk over.   All in all I'm done coming here. I'd rather drive to 7th and Bell for good service and parking.
3 This Chipotle restaurant is open until 10pm.  The food is decent and the restaurant is clean.  In my opinion, Chipotle is a healthier version of fast food restaurants, so it serves its purpose but to an extent.  Overall, good food for times you just need to grab something to eat on the run.
1 HORRIBLE!  DIRTY!  It was my first, and last, visit to Chipolte restaurants anywhere.  The first thing I did was ask the employees if the food was spicy, and of course they said no,'but they could make it spicy.  I told them I am wimpy and don't like food spicy at all, and my son cannot eat spicy hot either.  They told me not to worry, that they make it spicy.  WRONG!  It was so spicy neither my son nor I could eat it.  So I excused myself and went to the bathroom, and on my short walk back to the table, I saw a live ROACH on its back.  I immediately lost my appetite.' The only one who ate the food was my husband, who said it was o.k.  When I asked for to-go containers (for my husband) the employee who had just handled the dirty money, dug his hands in the containers and handed them to me.  So I asked the employees who were making the food (and were wearing gloves) to get them.   My husband didn't even eat the food we took home; even he lost his appetite after all of that.
