5 I recently got into a car accident and needed a good therapeutic massage. I called and made an appointment with Elliot and he came to my house! The massage was amazing, could not have asked for better! I will be a returning and loyal customer of IMR. Highly recommended! :-)
5 I was having extreme pain shooting from my elbows to my palms and I felt I was on my way to developing carpal tunnel. I received a massage earlier that week and the pain was gone for a day before it started coming back. So I called IMR and met up with Elliott, who is a massage therapist. The told me about a treatment called cupping. I tried it and it was incredible! The tightness in my forearms was literally gone in a 25 minute session. It was more effective than any massage I've had before. Elliott was so knowledgable I felt like he really knew what he was doing. I highly recommend trying the cupping treatment from IMR!
5 One of the best massages I have ever received.... :)  I got into a car accident a few months ago and getting the massages definitely helped!
5 Elliott is by far the best massage therapist I have ever had in my entire life (and I've been to over 15 different countries--so there!).  I have bulging discs and a fractured vertebrate... Elliott is the only person who can get me to feel better when I throw my back out.  He is also always learning so he knows all of the new techniques and has even helped me get some relief from a severe sinus infection.  He is very educated, professional and is also great to talk to.  He really cares about his clients and patients.  Wouldn't go anywhere else--even if it was offered free!  Hope I don't move from Vegas because I'll be putting him in my suitcase! Elliott will come to you or you can go to him.  He also works with you to get you in ASAP in the event of a massage emergency (yes, those do exist when you have back problems!!)
5 Elliot uses several different techniques to sooth tired muscles or to get out those stubborn knots! Great place to try cupping massage too! I give an overall score of 5 Stars for IMR Massage!
5 Elliot was AWESOME! I received the cupping therapy and massage, it was better than I expected. He is totally professional and very efficient asking questions during the therapy to make sure you're comfortable. I would definitely recommend the therapy/massage and Elliot to give it:-)
5 IMR is the best company in vegas! Very professional with reasonable prices and the massages are outstanding. I highly recommend Elliot ... Magic hands!
5 Elliot is amazing! Best massage therapist! I have never felt so relaxed, and the feeling stays with you.
5 Top notch, professional massage.  He clearly knows his stuff, and takes the entire process very seriously.  This is the first ever 5-star review I've ever given on Yelp, and it is well deserved.
5 I see Elliott once a month and always look forward to my treatment! He is very skilled in massage and definitely knows what he is doing. I've had hundreds of massages and he is definitely among the best! Recently he added cupping to his services and I love this treatment to really loosen up the tissue and detoxify. He is an absolute professional!
5 Fellow Yelpers, thank you for your guidance. I have chronic lower back pain. When on vacation in Sedona in May and telling my troubles to a spa masseuse, she mentioned medical massage as an option for me. When I got home, I Googled it, and Elliott's practice came up, along with his 5 stars on Yelp. I was lucky enough to get in to see him that day. I never would have found him without Yelp.  I just finished my fourth massage with Elliott. Elliott's work is firm yet gentle at the same time. I am currently receiving 90-minute massages with cupping. After the second massage, I was completely pain free for a week while on vacation. I haven't had that much relief in years. After the third massage, though, I was NOT pain free. I was mystified. That led me to listen to my body - Elliott's massage helped me read the signal that a too-soft mattress was causing back problems. I got a new one, and have been vastly improved since.  Unfortunately, I'm still not cured after many years of pain. But I am much better, and am confident with Elliott's help - and the right mattress - I may get there eventually.   One thing I also like: His online scheduler. It's simple and easy to use - that's how I got my first appointment within hours of learning of him.
5 Elliott has magical hands! I love the deep tissue massage and how he can really get out all those crunchy knots.  The cupping is awesome too to help get to those deep tough spots. Thanks for always doing an amazing job!
5 Well I want to start by thanking my fellow Yelp reviewers. If it wasn't for you I would probably not have found this place. Elliot is amazing! Quality service, awesome massage, and he took his time with me which I can honestly appreciate because I'm sure he was probably ready to leave for the day. He asked about my needs, and customized a massage to fit my needs. My neck pain is gone and my body feels great. I've never been to a professional masseuse in my life however he certainly made a believer out of me. I would consider this place one of Vegas' hidden gems.
5 Elliot is thoughtful, experienced and through.  He was able to relieve my major discomfort and zeroed in on the problem within moments.  I would recommend his services and will be contacting him again.
5 I'm a college student on a budget so i try to space these massages out as much as possible. The price was very reasonable. Eliot was friendly, professional, and skilled! I do brazilian jiu jitsu as a hobby and my neck and back can get pretty stiff. I went in stiff as a board and left flowing like water.
5 By far one of the best massages I've ever had. Elliot listens to what you need and focuses on your problem areas. I went in feeling horrible and left feeling relaxed and in less pain. He is very polite, professional and highly recommended.
5 It's been awhile since I had a deep tissue massage that helped as much as this one. It was one of the best.
5 I had a great cupping and deep tissue massage with Elliot. He was very professional and listened to what I wanted him to work on. The atmosphere was very soothing and it smelled fantastic. The price is cheap considering the care and great service. I'm planning on being a regular customer!
5 I just returned home from my first massage with Elliot and it will definitely not be the last. He was awesome. I've been struggling with terrible shoulder and neck pain. Three days ago, I couldn't even turn my head. Five minutes into my massage, I already felt relief. By the time it was over, I felt like a new person.  One major plus was the fact he totally concentrated on my pain points, my neck and shoulder. I've been to many therapists who still do a full body massage even if I've come in complaining about one specific spot.   I look forward to many more sessions with Elliot and highly recommend his services.
5 Elliot is awesome.  The end.  Lol.    Okay, I've had many therapists in my life, and Elliot is definitely top 3.  If you like pressure, COME HERE!  He worked out all my tight spots.  He's definitely very skillful in applying pressure in the right spots.  I'll definitely be coming back here monthly to get my body worked on.
