5 I came to Silver State Smiles fleeing from my previous dentist (as you can see in my reviews) and it was the best decision. Dr. Tongsiri was very professional and caring and listened to my concerns that were not taken into account at my previous doctor. The office was very clean and orderly and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and you can tell they take not only dental hygiene seriously but cleanliness in general as a big priority.  I recommend Silver State Smiles and Dr. Tongsiri to anyone who's scared of going to the dentist and to anyone who feels like their dentist could care less. Five stars all around!  P.S. One thing I found to be a bonus was that they have complimentary drinks, TV's to keep you entertained, and little incentives to keep up on scheduling your cleanings on time.
5 Dr. Amy and her staff made me feel like family. From the moment I walked in to the moment I left, the entire experience was like more like visiting visiting a good friend's place than seeing a dentist. I had a cleaning and 2 fillings done.  Dr. Amy was so gentle and friendly. I will be a patient forever!
5 I have never felt so welcome and comfortable at a dentist office. The scheduling was efficient and they had all my insurance information ready as soon as I walked in. The office is all digital so I didn't have to fill out any paperwork. The doctor is nice and very gentle. Everyone has a great personality and really makes it easy to go to the dentist. I have recommended all my friends and family and they have all been satisfied with them. Great place!
5 This is as good as it gets! Its a small boutique dentist office that has a friendly staff. They even cover quite a bit of different kinds of insurances. They also have cool incentives if you recommend people.  I've had my cavities filled, a chipped front tooth replaced, and a mouth guard made for myself. No one could even tell I had a front tooth replaced (color matched too). I also have a bottom retainer from previously having braces, and she cleans it perfectly every time I visit. I would recommend this place to anyone who needs to see a dentist.
5 I don't usually look forward to going to the dentist, but having Dr. Amy as my dentist helps put that fear aside. Dr. Amy is very gentle during the cleaning and really takes her time with you to discuss any issues you have with your teeth. She will give you an honest evaluation and provide the best option.  Dr. Amy's office is very clean and has one of the friendliest staff you will ever meet. Once you're there, they will treat you like family. The only bad thing I can say is that I only go every 6 months. You will not be disappointed!!
5 Nothing but amazing things to say about Dr. Amy and her entire staff at silver state smiles. I can now honestly say I do not fear going to the dentist. Everyone is warm and welcoming and made me feel so at ease and I am so extremely happy I found a dentist like Dr. Amy who cares as much as she does.
5 The past few days,i have had major discomfort in the jaw area in my mouth. After doing an internet search for dentists in las vegas,I decided on making an appointment with Dr. Amy Tongsiri. Reasons for selecting Dr. Tongsiri is that  what I call a ma and pa small business. That is One doctor small office facility. I am never impressed with a massive dental practice with multiple dentists and a large building as its location. I expect competence and hopefully affordability.plus passion for their responsibilities as a dentist. After meeting Dr Tongsiri,I am confident that she has passion and competence in her skills. The affordability determination will have to wait till my next visit late next week since i have to take antibiotics for a week before determining this. If your looking for a dentist that has passion,competence,Dr. Tongsiri will meet your needs. According to the Silver State Smiles web site Dr, Tonsiri is part of the faculty at UNLV School of Dental Medicine.
5 Dr. Amy is totally  awesome with great skills and very thorough. Her staff is very friendly and competent and I highly recommend them.
5 Returned there for regular cleanings and the service is great. The staff remembered me and was super friendly. Highly recommend this place to anyone and their families. I've brought my mom and she loves it too.
4 Great service! Makes going to the dentist a lot less nerve wrecking :D
5 Best dentist in Vegas! I would have to say its actually hard to find a caring doctor who is willing to go above and beyond.   I remember vividly the day when my mother called me crying about a tooth ache. She never goes to the dentist or doctor for minor things and i knew she was in major pain. I contacted Silver State Smiles and told them the situation. Unfortunately, they were booked that day but after Dr. Tongsiri heard the story of my mother, she made time to fit my mother in ASAP in order to relieve her of her pain. They even had a follow up with me regarding the pain and medication.    I knew at that moment that this would be my dentist for life. If  they went above and beyond for my mother, i am certainly positive that they would do the same for me. Thank you Silver State Smiles.
5 Best dental experience I've ever had, I usually leave the dentist with pain and bleeding gums or lip but not at this place. The staff is awesome and super nice. Dr. Amy and Ying made the experience painless and quick. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for a new dentist.
5 My daughter and I needed to get into a dentist for our cleanings (let's just say- we were a little behind!) and I really wanted to find a great dentist and stumbled upon Silver State Smiles via Yelp. Okay, I didn't stumble- I found this dentist after diligently searching reviews and then double-checking with our insurance.  What a gem this dental office is! The staff is friendly, smiling, and made us feel incredibly comfortable! I would highly recommend this dental office to anyone!
5 Dr. Amy Tongsiri and her staff are amazing! I chipped my front tooth from a sports related incident, not only did they fit me in their busy schedule the following day, but my tooth looked better than before it happened.  I was not looking forward to going to a meeting at work looking like a snaggletooth, but was relieved when I left there.  To call the night before and get such great service was shocking.  I only hope she does as well on my 3 cavities and 2 crowns here shortly for my next visit!  Her staff, especially Carla were very nice as well! I highly recommend them.
5 Being a person who has been always afraid of going to the dentist I was relieved to have found Silver State Smiles.  Dr. Amy and her friendly staff make you feel comfortable and at ease right when you walk in the door.    Before I went to SSS the dentist I used always seemed rushed and it felt like 4-5 dentist we're drilling away.  Dr. Amy was gentle and efficient and I would highly recommend her to anyone who is seeking a newer version of dentistry who is caring and also professional.    If you're looking for a GREAT dentist and staff go to Silver State Smiles!
5 I was unhappy with the Absolute Dental office that I had been going to so I looked at Yelp for help and could not be happier that I did. Silver State Smiles had stunning reviews so I made a 4 PM appointment for a visit to fix a broken tooth. They took my insurance info over the phone so that everything would already be setup for my appointment. When I arrived for my appointment I was greeted with a smile from the receptionist who asked for my ID. I was expecting the usual 4 page dental history questionnaire on a clip board but to my pleasant surprise she simply handed my DL back to me and told me that someone would see me shortly. I barely had time to get into a chair before my name was called! I am not kidding, my wait time in the front lobby was less than 1 minute, AMAZING! Every person on the staff is extremely friendly and really put forth an effort to make you as comfortable as possible. I will be going to this dentist office only from now on.
5 So where to begin? First.. I am sort of abusive when it comes to tooth maintenance; cigars, drink whiskey, coffee, espresso, and who knows what else. So let's just say I needed a checkup and since moving to Las Vegas, I have not found a Dentist. I looked around Yelp of course and found Silver State Smiles. The reviews were stellar so I figured I would book an appointment and see how much of the crap they can chip off my teeth.  Results may vary... However,  I am like 3 shades whiter! My teeth look great and better yet I actually enjoyed the office visit. Everyone was super nice and I just liked the whole vibe and setup. I did have a cavity and need a filling replaced ,but the price is excellent and I signed up for their in-house coverage. It is a great program and I was impressed in every way I could be.  If you need an honest, fun, and super friendly staff that really understands taking care of their clients (and dentistry), hit them up!
5 I am here in Vegas for 5 months on a long business trip for work.  While here I had a tooth break (thank you Famous Dave's!) and needed to get it fixed.  I found Silver State Smiles on Yelp and since they were located close to my apartment I made an appointment.  They got me in quick and have by far the friendliest staff I have ever encountered!  The pricing was very reasonable as well.  I could not be more pleased with my visit and would recommend this dentist office to anyone!
5 Great staff. I normally hate going to the dentist but the staff at sss make it very pleasant. I was in and out without any problema. Karla and Dr. Sara did a great job and made sure I was comfortable.  One caveat is that its alittle tricky to find.
5 I was here about a week ago for my first Dentist appointment in years and I must say this place was what every review on Yelp said it would be. Super caring and very welcoming. Loved the staff and location is super easy to find. Deffinetly coming and staying with this Dentist from now on.
5 Silver State Smiles exceeded my expectations. One of my girl friends raved about Dr. Amy & her staff so I decided to give them a shot. I have been to several dentists & they were by far the best! I scheduled my appointment with only a few days notice & they got me in & were gracious about it.   The office manager, Cathy, was AMAZING! I can't say enough about how helpful she was. I lost my insurance card & couldn't remember what was on the back relating to my coverage. I gave her the little bit of info I could remember & she called around to find who I was covered by & what they covered. She went above & beyond for me despite her busy schedule!   My exam & cleaning were excellent. Dr. Amy & her assistant didn't rush to get me out. They were very tentative & my teeth feel super clean. They were super friendly & I can tell they genuinely care.   I will refer you to everyone in my office! If I could give you 10 stars I would.   :)
5 Best dentist in town...period! Dr.Amy and her staff were totally exceptional, caring and professional. Thank you very much!
5 Haven't been to a dentist in a long time and knew I was past due for a cleaning. Did some research and found Silver State Smiles based upon their positive reviews. So far, I've had two appointments and this place is excellent! Extremely nice, professional and thorough - Dr. Kitchen and Karla are exceptional. Thank you!
5 Carla was very nice!!  I was suffering from tooth pain and they got me in the same day!  They were prompt to diagnose the problem and referred me to Las Vegas Endodontics which also turned out to be great. I will be going back for and extraction and crown in the next week or two.  Thanks for your help!!
5 Been a patient here for several years and the service only gets better. It's like going to visit an old friend. Everyone is nice and friendly but most of all gentle. Dr. Eve is their newest addition and she's awesome. See you guys in 6 months!
5 First let me say that I have a hard time finding a dentist because I have issues with big hands in my mouth.  Amy has the perfect size hands and makes me feel comfortable during treatment.  The staff is warm and helps ease the anxiety I get while waiting for my appointment.  I haven't had any issues with my teeth once Dr. Amy worked on them and she doesn't fix anything that doesn't need fixing.  I had a previous dentist that wanted to do 6 fillings on me and Dr. Amy said none of them needed fillings.  Thanks Dr. Amy and Silver State Smiles! *Peace*
5 They made me feel very very comfortable. Very friendly staff. Dr. Amy is as cool as they come. Excited about this journey
