4 If you're looking for Serbian food in Las Vegas this is THE place to go.  Even if you don't care (or know) what Serbian food is, and if you're just looking for a huge plate o' meat, this is also THE place to go.  Serbians really, really love meat.  Like, all meat, all the time.  When I go to Prince, I'm usually with Serbs and we order the plate of meat for two (it's enough for at least three people).  It includes cevapi (Serbian national dish, looks like ground beef sausage links), chicken, beef, pork, and some cheese-stuffed thing I have yet to identify.  It's really good when you're in the mood for a serious dose of protein.  I've also ordered  the beef soup which, literally, includes like a pound of smoky beef roast.  It's insane.  You will leave this place doubled over in pain from the amount of meat you consumed.  I guarantee it.  This would probably be a great place for body builders to eat.  The only downside to Prince is that I always feel really intimidated walking in.  The restaurant is dimly lit inside and it sometimes feels like a "Serbian only" atmosphere.  But, if you feel self-conscious, just go outside to the patio seating and chow down on your cevapi.  The waiters are really nice and will make you feel welcome.  It's definitely an experience.
4 It's friday, I'm starving in my room after playing "the secret world" for 5 hrs; I decided to check yelp for something different.  I've found this little niche near my place without pics and decided I've give it proper pictures. We all know without pics we're not going.  I parked in the back because driving by in the afternoon sunset was difficult to see. Really must pay attention.  The restaurant is cozy, clean, and the manager who greeted me was friendly; along with the staff.  Since this is the first time being in a Serbian I asked to try their traditional foods. "stuffed cabbage(beef, rice and no tomatoes)", "cucumber salad with tomato and feta cheese", and "cordon bleu"(baked stuffed pork(homemade cheese, and ham with sour creme) along with a special homemade dipping sauce(bell peppers, tomato, garlic all hand chopped and cooked really long to make it pasty and purée).  Appetizers are around 7ish and entrees are about 15ish.   overall, the stuffed cabbage and cordon bleu hit the spot. :)  Anyways check out the pics and if you want to try some European Serbian food this is the spot.   4 stars meets my standards for cleanliness, atmosphere and the only Serbian restaurant I know out there so I cannot compare.
5 Amazing!!!! The čevapčiči (sausages) are out of this world!! Best I ever had outside of Europe...by far! Fresh Bread a bottle of Karlovačka (beer) and great service...how can you loose?
