4 Despite the stunning lack of originality in the naming department this is a bar that Leith Walk has been in need of for some time. Quieter in terms of atmosphere than the likes of Boda etc. you feel under no pressure to neck as much booze as possible and stumble out into the night  chilling out in the comfy, dark wood surroundings is fun enough. Given the larger premises there is a larger range of drinks available than at the Drummond Street branch so the opportunities for trying something new are greater. Innis & Gunn's new Rum Cask brew goes down well at around the £3 mark (7.4% so plenty of bang for your buck) and they also stock a couple of Stewart's bottled products as well as a bunch of others. I can see myself going here quite often in the year ahead. The tortilla pizzas on the menu are a great invention & the Monday night quiz makes for an enjoyable start to the week.
4 Many an Edinburgh pub finds its way into the hearts of its clientele and the original Brass Monkey, just off South Bridge, is firmly in that category. Curiosity and some trepidation accompanied news that there is now a second pub to carry the name: an expansionist policy from an old familiar with unique charms? Fortunately much of the atmosphere and character has travelled well and this is a lovely place to sit, drink and meet old friends.  The staff were friendly, relaxed and there were plenty of hands on deck. Plenty of drinkers too, but without making the place feel as crowded as the original can quickly become. A wide selection of drinks, Monster Munch and who knows what else are available - I'm told that the tradition of showing films has also made it across town.  Well worth a visit and a fine addition to Leith Walk, mid-way between Joseph Pierce's and Boda.
4 New place taken from the other Brass Monkey in the Newington area.  It has a casual and friendly atmosphere with good beers on draught.  Recommended.
5 Why hello Mr Monkey, you are looking awfully fine tonight.  Wow, was I blown away when I walked in here. I've been to the original Brass Monkey in the Old Town a few times, and was expecting something much the same. The Old Town Brass Monkey is a traditional pub, a bit creaky, shared men-and-women toilets, a bit sticky but still nice with friendly staff and kept-up well.  This Brass Monkey, however, has a style that I like a lot. It still has the dark wood and familiar feeling of a local, but it is just...so...nice. I mean, wow. It is a new bar and it feels new, but not shiney or soulless. There's huge armchairs for big groups, wee high tables, a big bar which meant there were never any awkward crowds or queues, and it really is huge inside so we didn't struggle at all to find a table and sofa combo for our party of 6. You could easily get a party of 12 around the corner tables.  It's just...nice here. Really. Even the toilets almost took my breath away, for the right reasons. They're absolutely stunning! Can't really describe why, you need to see them for yourself. But very well maintained, beautifully decorated with class and style.  The style of this place is traditional, but with the finesse of a nicer bar than a 'boozer'. The staff are really friendly and efficient, glasses were cleared but they weren't in our face.  Oh and the food, Kerrin R's burger looked too good. They have burgers, pizzas, sandwiches and do breakfasts. Along with a Sunday Hangover movie at midday. Um...yes please.   If I were closer this would so become my local. In fact, I want it to be my local now. I don't have a local in Edinburgh and this could be it -and it doesn't even do cocktails. Those who know me know what a sacrficie it is to choose a bar that doesn't do cocktails as my local, but the Brass Monkey has persuaded me with its comfy couches, tasty food, nice staff, beautiful surroundings, great pub quiz on a Monday night and all right awesomeness.   New favourite pub? I think so.
5 Can I count myself as a pub quiz regular at this place after going twice??? I darn well hope so!! And I plan on going back.  If anyone has my read my review of The Brass Monkey on Drummond Street you will know how much I love it........ and I love this one just as much. They are extremely different, first of all the toilets here - not same sex, and much nicer!! But it has exactly the same atmosphere as the one in town, friendly, local and welcoming. But it is much bigger and has quite an extensive food and drinks menu. Apparently they have over 60 different beers, good times!! The quiz is always good fun and would quite like to go when it ain't quiz night, if it wasn't such a trek from my flat/town!   The only issue I had was the difference in the price of drinks. I tend to have a desperado, Drummond Street - £3.35 (roughly), Leith Walk - £2.75. Just make it one or the other.... for the sake of consistency.
5 I don't want to talk about how much I like this place. It's kind of like being attracted secretly to your boyfriend's younger brother. You would never, ever seriously consider cheating on your boyfriend with his brother... but on occasion, when you have had a couple of glasses of wine with the family, you make an overt sexual reference in front of the whole table about how you'd trade... and oops - AWKWARD.   I crush on this Brass Monkey big time, but it's not loyal, trustworthy and right around the corner like the other Brass Monkey.   Sure it sells food, but do you really care?   Sure, it has Brooklyn Lager for 3 pounds... but you can live without Brooklyn Lager if you have a local where you know all the bartenders and you can stroll in hungover.   Sure, it's a LOT more spacious and comfy and more adorable Aussies frequent it... but what's that when you've got the same warm loving person in your bed every night - FOR THE REST OF YOUR LIFE... sorry, I'm crossing analogies.   You get the point. This place is awesome. But not enough awesome to pull me away from the original. If you live a block from BM - Leith I assume you'll feel the same way about my Brass Monkey.
4 I have always been a fan of the original brass money, so have been looking for an excuse to check out the new one and finally got around to it.  While the original had a fair few flaws, it had a great character and feel about it.  The new one manages to keep the character and charm, but irons out many, if not all of the niggles.  This new one in Leith is much, much bigger than the original, with plenty of space for  people to sit, plenty of space for people to move and plenty of space for people to get served at the bar.  It would cater just as well for a couple having a quiet drink to a large crowd looking to have a catch up.  I went around lunchtime and while it was quiet, it didn't feel empty.  The range of comfy furniture (mainly old style chairs and sofas with big and small tables) which gave it a very homely feel.  They have a great selection of drinks, a good menu, good tunes and friendly staff.  This is definitely the kind of place that you could find yourself "stopping" in for one and then spending the day there, as they have designed it so you feel at home from the second you walk in and I will be looking forward to returning very soon.
5 One of the best pubs in Edinburgh, and certainly my favourite in Leith. An amazing selection of beers from around the world, great staff (and knowledgeable too, as they select the beers), cool music, and the food is outstanding (try the burgers, pizza, or cheeseboard.) All of which attracts a great crowd of friendly regulars.  It could do without the obnoxious fruit machine but that aside there really isn't anything not to like.
1 Wir sind rein, weil wir am Eingang das Angebot gesehen hatten, Geld zu sparen, wenn man zwei Burger statt einen oder verschiedene nimmt. Also drinnen hingesetzt und als nach zehn Minuten noch immer niemand kam an die Bar, dort hieß es recht unfreundlich: Ja, aber nicht heute. Trotzdem geordert, auch Bier. Für Bier und Ale gibts eine riesige Karte, aus der wir uns wohl das falsche Bier herausgesucht haben  denn gut wars nicht! Die Burger waren klein, fielen auseinander und hatten kaum Geschmack. Ambiente: Durchschnittlich. Fazit: Nicht empfehlenswert!
4 Want a pint in a good bar on Leith Walk without any hassle?  Look no further than The Brass Monkey.  This pub has the feel that you're still in your own living room with comfy sofas that you'll have to peel yourself off but obviously it is a bar which means no washing up or cleaning the next day:)  Friendly locals, comfy atmosphere and fairly cheap drinks - it'd be rude not to!
4 i noticed that this bar had opened almost a year and a half ago, but although it's literally at the top of my street i had never actually been to it before.  my usual haunts are generally down at the shore or the town centre, so it wasn't until i agreed to share my knowledge at a pub quiz last night that i ventured in.  from the outside it looks like this bar will be small and possibly the preferred dodgy old man style of many of the pubs on leith walk.  however, upon entering and finding my lovely group of yelpers at the back my opinion was quickly changed.  this place is huge!!  it has a lovely seating area up front, a big bar in the middle, and then more seats in the back.  the seats are mixed between tables and chairs, a booth aligning the back wall, and big sofas and comfy arms chairs that give the place a nice upmarket pub feel.  there was also a make shift movie screen on the back wall that played some 80s classics while we were there.  i ordered a greek salad and a cider for my meal during the pub quiz.  the salad came and it was HUGE!!  a full plate of lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes, red onions, olives, and feta cheese with a nice side of bread.  however, while the salad was huge and fresh the dressing lacked a bit of flavour so i opted not to eat the whole thing.  i have to say that was the only short coming of my dish as i enjoyed the fresh bread on the side and my meal came to a nice sum of £8 including a pint of cider.  they also had some nice pizzas on offer and i was assured that the nachos were very good, so i'd be happy to go back to try some other menu items.  the main star of my night was the pub quiz though!  i've only been to a handful of pub quizzes where i could hardly answer one question.  however, this one was well thought out and didn't only ask questions relevant to british knowledge.  i was proud to know about half a dozen answers when others on my team didn't.  the pub master was also quite fun and kept things going at a good pace.  it's an added bonus that the pub quiz is free so you only have to turn up and join in the fun.  definitely think i will be making a return visit to take on the pub quiz again and try out some of their other menu items!  all in all it was a solid pub and has the convienance of being a five minute walk from my flat.
4 A bit overdue  Came here with other Yelpers for the pub quiz night...  Big space, comfy chairs and friendly staff! Quite lovely.  Be warned! Don't trust Google maps to get here, I was led to a random parking lot behind the bar.
4 Brass Monkey Leith is awesome! I love the fact that they have so many sofas and armchairs to sink into and just relax over a pint of something or a coffee. The place is very much as a living room of a 1800 Edinburgh professor with non sticky leather sofas and arm chairs, ambient lights and great variety of music from old school to present pop and rock. The staff is great and friendly and makes one feel welcome and more at home rather then away, nice.   The food is actually very creative here. Its pub food taken to another level with fresh ideas on how to make and present a hot dog, wish I had taken a picture to show it. And the cool thing is that it is the friendly chef that brings the food out to the table and as I have nut allergy it is great to get the confidence boost confirmation from the actually chef that there is no tiny way that a peanut has actively rolled around in my hot dog baguette.  Another yeah point - they have a flight of the concord poster up on the wall!!!  And the yelp pub quiz is great fun! We actually came on 3ed place this time and I can smell the victory creeping on!!!
4 This is a little treasure. I had always walked past it and thought it didnt  look  up to much from the outside but on entering you find an old fashioned, quirky pub full of eclectic seating sofas and chairs and is a whole lot bigger than it looks from the outside A nice comfy establishment to eat, drink and be merry!! Oh and not expensive either so you can  get ultra merry ....well it is nearly the season of jollyness :)
4 I attended a very enjoyable evening at Brass Monkey Leith last night.   I like the space. It's comfortable and the bar is very cool. I really like the fact that you can sit at the bar and not feel like you are in the way (on a week night at least!). I always feel that if you can do this it's a bar with good atmosphere.  We didn't have food, just a bunch of drinks, but there was a good craft beer selection which was great for me, and a decent number of wines for my drinking assistant.   The food did look excellent so I'll have to head there again at some point for a burger.  Only complaint was that there are screens at either end of the bar and that's pretty distracting if they're just showing old movies. I'm find with having a "movie night" or something but just turn em off if it's just random crap on there!
5 I think my review here is definitely due an update. Yes, it's still at  the same top-of-the-class 5 star rating. But since my first review I've been back many, many, many times and sampled many of what the Monkey Leith has to offer. Namely:  - Dr Paul pub quiz on a Monday night, 7pm. Awesome. He's a legend, brilliant banter, staff are up for it, but the neighbours upstairs hate it.  - Good pub grub. Not gastropub food, pub grub. The veggie chilli (either as is, or on nachos) is amazing! Chickpeas and beans and nom. Most recently, the filled potato skins with chicken & salsa, and houmous & feta, were really tasty.  - Friendly bar staff. Friendly customers. Generally a friendly place (where everyone knows your name. Yeah, that.)  - I'm not a big ale / beer drinker, but I know they have a lot here. Ask others who know better, but they def have a good range and lots of local stuff too.  - Movies. The Monkey pubs are known for their movie connections (not sure where that started) but they show movies all the time (admittedly with music over the top) and I think on a Sunday still properly screen a movie.  So yeah, I really, really like the Monkey Leith. It's quite different to its older brother up on Drummond Street (the original Brass Monkey). That one is more populated my students and regulars and is a vortex where you can get lost for hours drinking, with great craic. It's small and cosy and a squash at the bar.  Whereas this Monkey Leith is much bigger, huge in fact, with a massive bar but plenty room around it. The toilets don't smell, and aren't shared (referring back to the original Monkey, where they do and they are) the furnishings are new and it's really quite swish. There's loads of room, loads of comfy sofas, loads of tables. Just loads of space generally, so even if it's packed you'll still have room to yourself.  I just wish it were closer, as it's on Leith Walk so out of the way for me, but well worth the bus ride.
5 .... on Friday evening place looked like a kind of students, young professional's pub which is nice surprise in the middle of Leithwalk.  ... inside: comfy seats, lots of space, 4 screens if you fancy for movie with subtitles and good selection of drinks.  definitely Im going to visit this place soon...
5 One of my favourite locals!  Good for food, music, films, cheap booze, monday night pub quiz, meal deals, friendly clientele, fab staff and of course the amazing Monkey Marys!  Brass Monkeys version of the hangover saviour, the best bloody mary I've ever tasted - FACT!  Introduced a lot of friends to the Monkey Mary and they are now strong fans!  Very reasonably priced at around £3.80 too!  They have everything in there: vodka, red wine, port, tomato juice, tabasco sauce, herbs, spices... lovely!  So next time your dying of the ultimate Sunday hangover, the cure is at Brass Monkey!  Enjoy!   Ok, enough of the MM, the rest of the joint is cool too!  Funky posters on wall, sultry red lights over the bar, films, music vids or rugby showing none stop, missed match furniture and a collection of board games to while away the night.  The Monday night pub quiz is also very popular and a good laugh.  We won the drinks round once!  Well worth a visit to shake off the Monday blues and continue that weekend feeling!   I love the Brass Monkey in Newington and never thought the Leith pub could measure up to it, but I'm slowly coming round to liking Brass Monkey Leith that little bit more than the orginial head honcho!  It's got more space, seating, you don't get squeezed in cues at the bar and there are better toilets!  Well done BM Leith, I'm a convert!
5 Great pub - could well be my new favourite local!  To be honest, I've never been to any other pubs on Leith Walk as many of them are....how should I put it....uninviting!  And I've only been to the Brass Monkey twice on a Monday for Dr Paul's pub quiz.  However, it's made an impression.  Cheap drinks - wine, beer, shots, cocktails; you name it.  And the food is not half bad either - highly recommended nachos as well as the usual pub favourites.  Then there's the awesome Monday pub quiz - starts at the reasonable time of 7pm, easy to follow format, challenging, but not ridiculously hard and most of all Dr Paul makes it highly entertaining with a bit of banter with the punters.  Music in the background was some beaut 80's hits and Wimbledon on the big screen.  What's not to love.
3 I always enjoy going to the Brass Monkey Leith. It's practically on my doorstep and not a bad pub to head to on a Monday for the Pub Quiz with Dr. Paul. The food is mostly quite good, I think there have only been a handful of times I was disappointed (like when the kitchen was closed randomly in the middle of an afternoon, or when they ran out of sweet potato fries). I have never been for any other events other than the pub quiz and the occasional random pint or two so I can't really rate the pub much more than three stars at the moment. Although I am a fan on facebook, I haven't really been informed as to what was happening within the pub. They have that massive screen in the back, are there ever any movie nights?  I know occasionally they also have open mike night, but again, I've yet to experience these evenings.  Overall its a nice pub, with good food, and friendly staff on pub quiz night Monday.
3 The Brass Monkey on Leith Walk is probably the closest thing I have to a local, not that I'm here every night or even every week, but when friends who live locally suggest going for a drink (often a birthday) it's here we end up. It's also the location of many after-work drinks for my boyfriend and his colleagues. We keep coming back, so they must be doing something right!  If I'm eating here I'll tend to go for the chilli nachos, which they usually do pretty well, although they've never been served the same way twice. The chilli most recently was a little below par, but still fairly decent for the price. The various other meals always look pretty decent, the hot dogs are big and the soup serving generous, for example. Fine dining it ain't, but it's better than a lot of pub grub and vegetarians are well served.  There's always a buzz, and the pub quiz (one of Edinburgh quiz master Dr Paul's regular nights) is a lot of fun. If we walk in here, we'll usually spot somebody that we know - for us it's that kind of place.  But it's still 3 stars, not 4. There's nothing bad about the Brass Monkey, and I like it a lot, but 3 stars is 'A-OK' and I think that really sums up how I feel about this place.
4 This is what my brain did to me when I entered through the front door of the Brass Monkey:  *slap* WHY! *slap* Haven't *slap* You *slap* visited the Brass Monkey before ?! *raised eyebrows + scowl* mmh?! Well? Any excuses?! *shines blinding light in face*  I am ashamed to say that I passed so many times and promised myself that I would - but I didn't - I carry the eternal shame of being late to the party. Luckily for me this 'party' is still in full swing. I may be late, but I didn't feel I missed out. (Well ..ish.. I wasted so many years that I could have used visiting this place)   I like the atmosphere, the comfy sofas, the leather Chesterfields that are obviously made for giants. All I wanted was to A: curl up on one of the armchairs B: have a beer close by and C: read a book. A&B accomplished I used my Playbook for C instead. So that was me playing games whilst curled up in a massive chair. Bliss.   I'll make a serious effort to go here more often.
