4 The pizza is good long as the delivery driver makes sure it doesnt shift. And when you get it the cheese slid to one side. But that only happened once. The cheesesteaks and fries are delicious. And I recommend trying a italian soda. The Zeppolis arent on par with Villa Pizza but are still delicious. And their delivery times. They quote you a time and show up quicker which is awesome when youve been drinking and are hungry. Plus they remember you by phone number so you dont need to give your addy each and every time. AWESUMMM.
1 Never again.  We ordered the stromboli and appetizer combo platter.  The person on the phone was nice and answered all my questions. However, the surly delivery driver was the beginning of the end for me. I wasn't expecting much from the combo platter (fried foods typically don't travel well) but I wasn't expecting inedible. Gross. The stromboli was salty and greasy...it was 3 toppings but I could only detect 1. Very disappointed.
4 This is one of the best places on the East side, and possibly in Vegas.  Not only is everything fresh, but they deliver (www.eat24hours.com).  Not only pizza, but pasta, wings, and Italian dinners.  Great prices.
4 I had a terrible experience with Angelina's today and decided to try Napoli's... I ordered a veggie pizza and some mozzarella sticks... First of all was told it was probably going to be an hour delivery, the food was delivered within about 40-45 minutes. The delivery man was very nice and the food was very fresh and very tasty. Napoli's is so considerate, they included paper plates and plastic utensils for me. Will Order from here in the future. Best Pizza I've had since being in Vegas.
5 Best pizza in vegas by far. Closest thing to real NYC pizza! Pick-up special lg 1 topping for $8.00 can't beat it and the staff is great. Anytime I've gotten delivery it's been quick and the
5 I love Napoli Pizza and Restaurant. It is hard to find a good italian marinara in this town and trust me i know im sicilian and they have good sauce!!! Not only is their food amazing but i have never actually been to their restaurant only delivery they are always here in half an hour food hot and crunchy never soggy and been sitting for awhile!! If i could give them a 20 out of 10 that would be their rating!!! Amazing!!! I love you guys!!!-layna christensen
5 Best wings way better than wingstop and cheaper now to try the pizza the fries are ok for the price
4 Still my favorite place to order from in Vegas!!!
4 Are food was very good the only problem we had was that they got part of my wife's order wrong but then they quickly fixed it
5 Just made my second order. Its the only place in Las Vegas that can understand me when I speak!! Food is great, very friendly staff, they always find my address and deliver food on time! Guy on the phone had a great sense of humor too!! If you are like me and have had terrible service at Angelina's Pizzeria go to NAPOLI PIZZA!!!!!
4 I've always admired Napoli's pizza from afar, but wasn't able to eat it because of the usual meaty toppings. But not today...not today!  I ordered the Calzone online and it was hot and ready when I showed up. $9 might seem like a bit much for a quick lunch, but holy schnikes was it worth it.  Gooey mozzarella and ricotta cheese wrapped perfectly in a snuggie of dough, garlic, butter, and Parmesan. This place is a must try for pizza lovers.
4 My favorite wings by far. I order the garlic Parmesan and xxxxxx hot wings. Both boneless. My favorite! They even text you when your order is on their way! How considerate
5 Napoli offers delicious pizzas with the crust burnt just right.  We have decided to add Napoli to our pizza joints circulation.  Tonight's special was a large pepperoni pizza and twenty buffalo wild wings.  We also added a dinner salad, for a total of $30.  Needless to say, the pizza and wings were delicious.  And don't think that Napoli doesn't know how to make a good salad.  The bed of lettuce was covered with red onions, peperoncini, black olives and tomatoes.  Yummy!  Come give Napoli a try and free yourselves from name-brand pizza joints!
4 Really great food. Just didn't like that they where 8 minutes late delivering my food.
1 Well this is the last time ordering from this place, one of the workers  who's name was "Cary" very rudely over the phone said it would take over 2 hours to diliver our pizza after running our creddit card, I asked for a refund, the girl hung up on me, I called back and was guaranteed a pizza within the next couple of hours. Nearly 3 hours went by and there was no pizza dilivered. I called back they said they decided not to put in any order. I asked for a refund again and was told I won't get one until 2 weeks have passed. I won't recommend  ordering from here to anyone they have the worst customer survice  ever to be provided to the public. They just lost a customer
1 Napoli Pizza location...(765 North Nellis Blvd. North Las Vegas, NV)...is the nastiest place to order food from. The food is under cooked and raw. When you speak to them about your order they tell you that the food was just fine and that your complaint will fall deaf ears and they will not do anything about. The manager...(Holl)...I think that is what they called him will tell you that he spoke to the owner and they will not do anything about it you either like or your out of luck.... this place is -10 stars. I wouldn't feed there food to animals. Notify the HEALTH DEPARTMENT FOR RAW FOOD WHEN ORDERED WELL DONE AND BBB ABOUT BUSINESS PRACTICES.
4 We always order pizzia from work here.   The 30 inches. But for home. Make sure you tell them easy on the cheese!! Orther wise your good.
2 + Ordered delivery, said it'll take an hour and 10 mins, our food arrived within an hour.   + Garlic balls are cheap and tasty.   - Pepperoni pizza was too oily.   - Lasagna was salty and had no lasagna noodles.   - Would not recommend this place to friends.
1 I will never ever order from this place again. Two freaking hours late with my food and they didn't even give me a discount for being late.
