5 Who's THEE 'Brow Lady' of the Valley? It's Laura Smith. She knows how to perfectly shape your brows without overwaxing them and looking ridiculous. For Laura, brows are an artform (but we're not talking the Mona Lisa...eeek!)  I originally started going to Laura when she was at The Brow Lady on 5th and Goldwater in Scottsdale but I still consider her THE BROW LADY of Phoenix and would NEVER, EVER, EVER return to the original location without her there. Now, I have been going to her recently settled location in the cutest boutique salon located on 1st & Marshall in Old Town.  For me....it was just brows, until recently.  Yup. Let's get a bit personal.   After a conversation with a girlfriend on a Sunday Funday pool day, I decided to give up shaving "down there" for a month and decided to take the plung to waxing. Seriously??? Why had I waited so long?????? It's changed my life.... I'm a born-again in that there is no other way but waxing, especially with Laura. She knows how to get it done - quick, almost painless and I leave with one happy...well...you know. Thank you oh country of Brazil! On Pedro Álvares Cabral's voyage to Brazil in 1500 AD, he wrote: "...suas vergonhas tão altas e tão çarradinhas e tão limpas das cabeleiras que de as nós muito bem olharmos não tínhamos nenhuma vergonha""(English translation: "their private parts were so exposed, so healthy and so hairless, that looking upon them we felt no shame"). Thanks wikipedia.  I will not lie. I was terrified the first time. I wasn't sure if I would be able to tolerate it and I had to have a happy hour with the girls and get a cocktail (or three) in me first before having the guts to 'bare it' and NOW... you'd think I was going in for a spa treatment. She's magical with her wax wand.   ...as Laura says....Keep Calm & Wax On!
5 I love Laura....  She introduced me to Cry Baby Eye Lashes and I love it.  I suggest to everyone who wears mascara to try this out.  Perfect for vacations or just any old day.  I get up in the morning and my eyelashes are all done.  out of the shower and my eyelashes are all done. swimming ect....  the best thing ever.
5 I first met Laura when she worked at "The Brow Lady" in Scottsdale - and from that appointment I knew my brows & I would follow her wherever she went.  I have very fair, sensitive skin. Normally when I would get my eyebrows waxed, I would leave looking like a clown - VERY red puffy spots all around my eyes, that would last for hours. Also, I don't like having super thin eyebrows, and every other spot I went to would thin me out even with my begging not to. I was so frustrated, and SO happy to find Laura!  First and foremost, Laura is just good people. She's very nice, outgoing, funny and sweet. Second, she's SO good at what she does. I don't know if it is her touch or the product she uses, but rarely do I leave her with redness and swelling. Lastly, she does stellar work! My brows always look incredible, to the point that I get compliments on them. (I mean really, who gets compliments on their eyebrows??)  I recommend Laura to all of my friends & family - and now to complete strangers on Yelp. Go check her out for yourself. You are welcome in advance :).
5 Finally I have found a new brow lady :)  Since my hair dresser/waxing professional did not return to work after having her second baby I have been searching for someone in Scottsdale that can do decent brow waxing...the search is over!!!  Laura is great - very professional.  Took the time to show me what she was going to do and the results couldn't have been better.  I will be booking with her regularly.  Thank you Laura from another satisfied customer.
5 Got my new wax lady!  She turned my giant caterpillar roaming on my face into two perfectly arched eyebrows!!!  She was thorough (I'm blonde so I get lots of super fine blondies) and made sure that she got ev-er-y-thing!  Two thumbs (eyebrows?) up :)
5 after reading the reviews this morning I decided to try her out since I am not a fan of talking on the phone (I just turned 30 today and I still don't like talking on the phone ) I decided to stop by the place and the first person to greet me was Laura ... she squeezed me right in for a brow tint and shaping and she did such a lovely job!!!! I have super light eyebrows and all the little hairs that normally go unnoticed to others (but not me!) and she got them all!! she is super sweet and I will DEFINITELY go back to her again!!!
5 I'm not afraid to admit it, I found out about Laura through a mutual follow on instagram. That's right. And well, I had been looking for a new brow person since the one recommended near my house is clearly a dud.   I'm not a girlie girl either, so I get my brows waxed like um a few times a year. Thankfully I don't really have bushman eyebrows to begin with. However, I've been having them waxed for over a decade so I know a good waxer when I come across one. And Laura is good.  Her station is immaculate and calming and she is super fun to talk to. Waxes are very reasonably priced and painless. They even come with a tint, which I had never had before, and is like magic people. Like magic.  Bonus is that she's ready at the actual time of your appointment. And I was able to schedule via text. WIN!! Everyplace should allow me to text or some other call-free way of appointment booking.  Laura, I'm sorry I haven't been there in like six months, but I'm due soon. And you'll be the one I text :)
5 I'll be back!   Laura certainly doesn't need my review for help, but all of these people are correct.  She is meticulous, easy to be around and takes joy in her work.  When I read all of the 5 star reviews, I sort of thought they might be written by friends because they were so gushy.  I found her via Yelp.... and loved her!   $20 eyebrow wax, takes credit cards.
5 Wow! Laura is awesome! I read the yelp reviews and then called her to get a lash tint. She LOVES what she does and she is spot on at giving you what you want. Her prices are reasonable and she is very accommodating with busy schedules. I'm sold.
5 After 6 years of searching I have finally found Laura!  My brows have never really been "bad" per se, but not great either...I have been searching for someone to show me the hidden potential of my natural arches, and Laura did just that.  After only two visits she has groomed my brows into perfect shape and balance. Its funny how such a small change can make such a big difference!   I also enjoy the quiet and private suite with the pretty chandelier to look at during my appointments...and she always has great music playing in the background too!  Thanks Laura!
5 Thank goodness I found Laura again! I used to go to her when she was at The Brow Lady and since then, I've been bouncing around to various brow waxers, but it was always so hard to find a good one. And if they were any good, they would leave or close down and I would have to start my search all over.  Laura takes the time to see what your natural arch and brow shape is and just enhances it. She is very detailed and precise. I would recommend her to anyone!
5 Trying to find some where for ages to do my eyebrows (wax and tint) and at a reasonable price, I searched the Internet and found Laura had great reviews, booked an appointment and so happy I went to her she did a great job exactly what you ask for and is a really nice person. Really really happy I found someone! Thanks Laura
5 Laura is absolutely fantastic. I'm new to the area so I was scared to get my eyebrows waxed out here. I researched on yelp and found Laura. She was so meticulous, I'm used to women just slapping on some wax and ripping away, but she took her time and really shaped my eyebrows. They've never looked so beautiful! She kept them nice and thick which is what I asked for/like :)  On top of all that, she is one of the nicest people I've ever met. We talked the whole time and before I knew it, it was done! Highly recommend her! Clean station and super cute and homey. You can text to make an appointment which is AWESOME and she is really accommodating. Will be going back again definitely.
5 Laura is great. I hope I can find someone as good as her when I move. She listens to exactly what I want my brows to look like and she always makes sure were on the same page. She's very sweet and definitely knows what she's doing. Payment is super easy, which is a bonus. You don't need to worry about bringing cash, because you can pay/tip using your  card.  Also, I've had problems with esthiticians (sp? lol I can't spell) waxing my brows too thin and not arching them well, but this doesn't apply to Laura. I thought my eyebrows just didn't want to arch, lol ... but now they look better than ever and arched, but I'm still able to  keep the thickness which I like.
5 absolutely a perfectionist when it comes to brows, and let's face it, it is one of the most important features. Laura is meticulous to get every stray hair and she is one of the cleanest waxers I have ever seen, not to mention she is hilarious and will keep you distracted in the not so fun parts of waxing:)
5 I know Laura's speciality in eyebrow waxing, but I had made an appointment with her to have my eyelashes tinted. She was able to accommodate me last minute, & my eyelashes came out perfect! I will definitely be going back.
5 I agree with everyone else! I am always a little iffy when I go to someone new to get my eyebrows waxed and tinted because I am a strawberry blonde. It is hard for people to not make my eyebrows too dark but Laura did a great job. Her eyelash tinting was also great.
5 I saw Laura today for the first time. I was a little nervous at first bc I had been seeing the same lady for the last 2 years. Within moments of talking to Laura about what I wanted my nervousness subsided. She listened to what I wanted and closely looked at the picture I showed her of what I wanted done. She drew lines to show me what she would be taking off and what would be left for continued growth. My brows turned out great and I feel good about being back on track with where they need to be. Laura is great at what she does and I can't wait to see what the next few months holds as we get my brows back to perfection! Thank you Laura!
5 Laura is the eyebrow whisperer! Amazing artist. I have the worst eyebrows in the world and she made them beautiful. She is skillful with tinting which is a little more challenging since I have red hair. She is a gem,!
5 She is soooo amazing! I moved to scottsdale from Ohio and was nervous to go anywhere so I waited like 2 months to get them done! I found her on here and went in and she asked what I wanted done first then drew on with a pencil what she planned to do. She showed me first to see if I liked it and then did exactly that! Loved it and I will be going back. Also, it only cost about $20!
5 "Keep Calm & Wax On..."  This is Laura Gill-Smith's tagline (and website is keepcalmwaxon.com to match), and it couldn't be more spot-on, as once you find Laura, you can definitely relax and keep calm and know that you are in absolutely the best hands in the Valley for hair removal and brow shaping.  I've been a client of Laura's for years and absolutely adore her.  She's personable, professional, and a perfectionist when it comes to brow shaping and hair removal.  Laura has incredible energy, and the entire process of making an appointment to paying for your services couldn't be easier.  It's as easy as 1, 2, 3: 1 - Call, text or book online. 2 - Show up and relax. 3 - Pay via square and note the moderate prices. 4 - Smile and go on with your day knowing that you look much better than before ;)  OK - as easy as 1, 2, 3, 4!
4 Laura is wonderful!!  She found time for me twice on short notice, was exceptionally friendly the entire time, and charged a reasonable price for really nice brows.    For nervous or uncertain wax-ees, she definitely has the aura of someone capable and trustworthy - you'll have no doubt you're in good hands.  And you'll be absolutely right!    The only reason this isn't 5 stars is that her technique involves wax for the main parts and then plucking for the rest - feels nicer, looks better right afterwards (which is particularly useful for short-notice instances), but just doesn't last as long as a regular mostly-wax brow job.
5 Do makeup for a living and over time started to realize I was spending more time filling in my brows than anything else due to over waxing and plucking through out the years.  Finally decided to grow them out not touching for the last 4 months.  Hardest thing I have done other than quitting smoking!  So here I am with overly grown out brows and lots of explanations to my clients as to why I look like Chewbacca!  Very proud of my accomplishment and don't want just anyone to shape them and screw up all of this hard work.  Found Laura on Yelp and figured with this many 5 star reviews she is the one and she was! Great location, clean and she listened and shaped them to my desire.  I absolutely love them and finally feel human again.  She is very reasonably priced and also includes tinting so I can afford to see her every 4-6 weeks. I don't normally write reviews but she was so great I just had to get the word out!
5 Laura is amazing! She is fast, priced well, and very, very meticulous.  She is also very nice and funny and makes the process pain free.  I love going to her, and I always walk out looking much better than when I walked in!
5 Laura, you are a brow magician!      My roommate Jessica went to her last week and I was so impressed with her results that I booked my appointment immediately after.     These are the times I thank God for Yelp, I never would have found her in the remote building she is in without all of her amazing reviews! Walking up, her room has a cute chandelier, teal mirrors, and "Are You Mine?" on her macbook. I felt at home immediately. When I told her I wanted to thicken up my eyebrows and reshape them, she worked her pencil stenciling skills and showed me exactly where she was going to shape them, telling me exactly what she was going to trim, pluck, and keep.       When I was lying down, she kept the conversation light and funny, giving me local suggestions and really making me feel like I was talking to more of a friend than a new beautician. She gave her full attention to zeroing in on my brows, making sure to give me the best results possible--and I can't express how pleased I was with the results! They are perfectly trimmed, sleek and "on point". She even told me I was 90% of the way to my "dream brows" and we set my next appointment on site.      If you want a trusty, cool, quirky gal who definitely knows her stuff when it comes to beauty care--give Laura your business!
5 Keep calm and wax on Stubborn hairs all gone! Polish those brows or mow that lawn Whatever you need, Laura has got it going on  Appointments start on-time That alone, is worth every dime  Brows be framing my face Laura does it with style & grace In a relaxing & charming studio space Meant to replace any sort of hairy disgrace  Sexy brows, pow wow.
5 Went with my roommate for her appointment Laura is awesome, I did not have an appointment but she managed to squeeze me in. Thank god...changed my life, and she taught me how to do them (like pencil and brush and what to use). THANK YOU LAURA! I WILL BE BACK!! :)
5 Laura did an excellent job! We were in the area for a wedding and she was able to take my text and fit me in! Highly recommend!
5 Laura rocks!!! I'm a guy and as much as I like to keep my eyebrows well groomed, I DO NOT like the "over waxed" look. Laura does an amazing job making sure that the end result of your waxing is exactly what you asked for. She's also very sweet and funny as hell!
5 Laura was AWESOME! I just recently moved here & saw her high rating on Yelp, even though it was about a 35 mile trip each way, I wanted to try her out.  I booked my appointment online which was super easy & received a text message reminder which was great.  Upon arrival she was SO warm & welcoming! I went bare faced (yuck!) so I was already a little nervous & uncomfortable but she put me at ease immediately.  Laura really knows what she's doing! She answered all my questions & gave me different tips to try to get my brows to grow out the way I'm wanting. I am so happy I found Laura!
5 Laura is THE BEST.  You can text for appointment times and she works very hard to get you in as soon as she can (that day or the next, usually).  She uses Square so is always ready to accept cards and, above all, is fantastic at her job!
5 Laura definitely deserves a five star review!  I could not have been more thrilled with how my brows turned out after leaving her quaint and homey studio. I have been growing my brows out for a year in hopes to grow them in thicker and get more of a distinct shape. She did just that for me! I am so happy I was able to find her through yelp or I am sure my brows would be a disaster. She really does a phenomenal job and would highly recommend Laura to anybody looking for a wax genius! :)
5 I love this girl and I'm so glad I found her! The 5 stars are for a good reason and it's because she's great at what she does, super friendly, doesn't try and rush you, listens to what you're trying to achieve, and she takes her time. She's super funny and quirky and very personable. You truly get what you pay for and I didn't realize it until I came to see Laura. I'll admit she charges more than I'm used to, but when I went to those other places and paid half the price, I'd never come out happy. My first visit with Laura, my brows were a mess, bushy, thick, uneven, yeah gross lol. She listened to what I wanted,took her time and was super careful. She's won a customer for life! And I love my eye brows! Eye brows are everything because it can make or break your face.
5 I've never had my brows waxed before today. For years I would try to mow through them with tweezers just to keep them cleaned up. So obviously shaping them was out of the question. Laura made my first experience spectacular. A first timer at 5pm, now a regular at 5:30. I will confidently refer her to everyone
