1 Chilly Willy's handman service is the a poor excuse for a repair service. They were hired by my Insurance company on 9/10/12 to fix the Ice Maker, it is now 9/28 and after about 3 to 4 visits per week for the last three weeks my Ice Maker is still not working, also I have spent almost $175.00 for the items they said were not covered by my Insurance Company. Two times they had to come out because they forgot to hook up the water line, and the plugs to the Ice Maker. Then the Office Manager wonders why I have attitude when I call to tell them my Ice Maker is still not working, and refuses to come back out & fix it correctly.  Well I know what the real reason is, that they do not know how to fix it.     When it is time to renew my Homeowners Warranty, I will call to see if Chilly Willy's is still there repair service for appliances, and if they are I will not renew my policy. Do yourself a favor and do not use this Chilly Willy's for any type of repair.
5 I am very happy with the services this company has provided. They arrived on time and were very professional. I had a problem with my front loading washer that needed parts. They had the parts in hand and got it done immediately. They where very flexible to my schedule. Will definately recommend to friends.
1 Awful customer service. They never even made it out to my house. They were supposed to call me within 24 hours per my home warranty. 36 hours later (all business days by the way) I still hadn't heard from anyone. I called my home warranty back and asked them to try to set an appointment with Chilly Willy's to come out, they called while I waited on hold, only to not be able to get through to anyone. they offered to assign my claim to a different company instead.   I thought all was said and done but I was so wrong. Chilly Willy's just called me and I told them that my claim had been assigned to someone else. The guy on the phone was so rude. He kept telling me he called and left messages and that I didn't return them (it's a cell phone so I checked my call log and messages, and although he called once right after the home warranty assigned another company, he never called before, nor left a message). He kept arguing with me that "you people never answer your phone or return messages, you should have called me back". I kept explaining to him that I would have called him back had he left a message because I need my dishwasher to work, but I can't call someone back who hasn't called and/or left a message. He just continued to argue with me, I told him, it was a non issue because the warranty company had assigned someone else, so not to worry about it and have a good day. He just kept saying "you people, I just don't understand you people, you should have called me back". I don't know what kind of people I am (American, a female, not the kind who gets pushed around by rude appliance repair people?)... But I finally just hung up while he was still being rude. Sorry but I don't have time for that. 24 hour turn around time for appointment set up, not 36 or more. I waited, giving the extra time, and then gave them another opportunity when I asked the warranty company to call them to schedule the appointment for me, they couldn't reach them either. So the logical thing is to move on to another company that can fix my dishwasher in a timely manner. Now I'm glad that it was reassigned after seeing the other negative review on here. I don't want someone like that in my home.
1 If I could give them 0 stars I would. In April I was suppose to get someone to fix my disposer but no one showed up! Called and no one answered, Finally reached someone the next day and rescheduled, NOW! In July, I got a notice from my home warranty that I didn't pay them! TISK TISK! Luckily i paid with check to prove it cleared!!
1 So I have had these guys out twice to fix my dryer and it's not fixed. Now they won't return my calls or the property management company's calls. The guy who came out was super friendly and nice. But that doesn't help me with my broken dryer.
1 This really is a 0 star review. I called 3 times, left messages, & no one ever called back!! I called my rental agency and they were able to get through & they finally called us. We had an appt that they never showed up for & then said was never scheduled!! After saying he may come out next day & needed to know issue (which was already explained) we told them we would contact agency to tell home warranty company we need another company. Suddenly we get text messages saying he was coming out that night (after he already said he wasn't coming) he just learned of it 5 minutes ago. I talked to the SAME guy to make the original appointment!! I will be personally contacting the home warranty company that gave us this repair service to let them know what a joke it is!! It should not take what it took to TALK to someone & then have a no show appt!!! Absolutely unprofessional, go elsewhere!!
1 I have been struggling with this company for 2 months now. We have a warranty company that mandates we go through Chilly Willys. So I have no leverage, no recourse to get them to actually fix my oven. My OVEN- who goes 2 months without an oven??!! They are consistently late, don't return calls, lay blame in coworkers- they are a complete mess. Please don't contact this company unless you're looking for a migraine.
