5 No need to go all the way for Park Street for authentic mexican. Tucked in the sort-of-seedy strip behind the McDonalds, you can stay on the east side for real mexican.  This place has all the regulars, burritos, etc-- but it really shines in those double wrapped, cilantro and onion topped tacos, tortas, sopes, etc.  All types of meat (I love the lengua--tongue), but my coworker has gotten steak and chorizo. Very warm, very friendly (though the english isn't always there). Great spot for something different on the eastside.
5 I got the "mojarra mexicana" today. Best Fish (catfish, deep fried with no batter) ever. Comes with the head.
5 Best tacos in Madison, hands down. The guacamole and chips is also outlandishly delicious- they make the chips fresh and they come hot. Get tacos al pastor.
5 yo, now this is whuts up!!!  i spent the last 10 years in nyc, living in queens where taco trucks were a plenty and a favorite late night post bar 4am put on harold and kumar and toke a lil' sumpin' sumpin' snack was chorizo, bistek, or carnitas tacos and a manzana soda!!!  i'm fond of all the different foods in madtown but i missed my taco truck then i found this place!!!  yo, the tastes are delicious the meat portions sizes are HUMUNGOUS!!! this is it for my east side taco joint  they pack each taco with so much meat, your head will explode in pleasure! each taco with set you back about $2.50 but for the portions, it's really like 2 tacos!!!  super nice people quick service very clean  highly recommended!  ps i stopped in for lunch today saw some dudes putting away a huge slab of meat and soup and tortillas that's my next meal!!!
4 You would never find this place unless you go looking for it.  And you should go look for it.  It's in a small strip mall behind the McDonalds on E. Wash.  We came here on a Friday night and shared two dishes - we ordered the chicken burrito and 2 chorizo tacos.  We also ordered the guacamole.  The chorizo tacos were very good - chorizo can be greasy, but these were not.  Great flavor with fresh avocado and cilantro.  The burrito was very good too - the shredded chicken was super moist.  The guacamole was also very good - but the chips seemed like they were not so fresh.  They actually weren't even chips - they were full sized tortillas which you broke up to use as chips.  Also there was no salsa?  That was a bit odd - I know chips and salsa are a HUGE reason I go for Mexican food - they are my guilty pleasure.  I'll definitely be back though.
5 My Girlfriend and I decided to venture out for some Mexican after spending a long day in the yard. Something about tacos, horchata, and piles of rice and beans just sounded right, you know? I was perusing yelp for something new and came across this joint - and man was that an awesome find. Seriously, guys. This place is great. I ordered the Carne Asada with Plantains and my Girlfriend ordered 2 chicken tacos.  The carne asada was flavorful and delicious, the rice and beans tasted fresh and actually had flavor (what!?), and the salad it came with had a ton of avocado and a tasty lime vinaigrette. Then there were the plantains. Normally when you get a side of plantains you get a little lump of them on the side of your plate...not here. I was given two WHOLE plantains that were sliced in half and fried perfectly. They took up half of the plate and they were delicious. As for the tacos, they looked good, they were gigantic, and I was told they tasted very fresh. Also, the horchata was giant sized and delicious. I saved half to drink the next day. Anyway, this place rocked and is currently the only Mexican in town that can compete with Taqueria Guadalajara. Good stuff, man.
5 Visiting family in Madison & seeing the good reviews here, we decided to give it a try. We are frequent travelers to Mexico, consider ourselves foodies & love to both cook & eat Mexican food. One member of our party said it was the best chimichanga she'd ever eaten. The tacos were delicious  - especially the tongue. Tortillas & chips were fresh & delicious. The tamales were very tender, filled with tender chicken & a nice green salsa. The  whole fried plantains that came with the Honduran carne asada were to-die-for. Portions were huge & the service excellent. A very authentic and affordable taqueria.
5 Most authentic mexican in Madison.  Amazing food.  The tamales Mexicanos are homemade and filled with chicken and jalapeño.  The chorizo tacos were the best tacos we've eaten...ever!  Their guacamole is super fresh.  When we ordered a soda, it came in a can.  It definitely wasn't enough to quench my thirst, especially with the spicy tamales.  A couple people were eating the menudo.  I haven't been able to pull the trigger on that yet but, if I was going to try it, this would be the place.  Maybe I'll get the courage next time.
5 Fantastic!!! The portion sizes are huge so be warned!! This is fantastic food.. even standard items such as the beans; rice and tortillas were wonderful on their own. Someone really knows how to cook! Do not pass this up if you are in the area. As other reviews have noted, it is a bit hard to find, it is actually on Dwight street, which is a block north of Washington -- it is in the middle of a strip mall on the 4500 E. block of Dwight, well worth a couple of extra turns to get to.
4 I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but this place was REALLY good! Food was fresh & seasoned well, & the server was quick & very nice! It's a local spot & had a steady stream of ppl. Give it a try! U WON'T be disappointed!
5 Fiancé and I stopped here last night based on the amazing Yelp reviews and was not disappointed! Guacamole was made fresh to our order, huge portions, retro glass coca cola bottles. Loved everything... But, no margaritas :( but no worries the food is amazing!!
