4 This place was pretty good.  We sat on the patio which was very nice.  The service was excellent, fast and very polite.  The food was cooked very quick (be careful the plates are very hot...they tell you in the menu and when they give you the food).  I had the chorizo tacos which were delicious!!!  My sister had the enchiladas, I wasn't a fan of the sauce but she really liked them.
5 Best Mexican food in Madison area.  Food and drinks are priced well and the service is always great!
5 Went to Cuco's for dinner... Food came out fast and the portions were great. Service was polite and friendly. Would definitely recommend!
4 A nice addition to Verona's culinary offerings. Friendly and accommodating staff, large menu, and competitive prices make this place a keeper. The food reminded me of places like Laredos but the complimentary chips and salsa were both very bland.
5 Wake up Madison & Verona. You need to experience Cuco's. Don't let the opportunity pass you by. Great authentic Mexican food. We've been five or six times and everything is a hit. Enchiladas, burritos, the molcajete is great (eat the cactus people!). Great service, extremely friendly staff.
5 I've been living in the Madison area for about 6 years and in Verona for over 4.  I've been to many of the Mexican restaurants in the area, including large, medium, and "hole in the wall".  I've now been to Cuco's around 7-8 times and believe it's one of the best Mexican restaurants in the Madison area.  The service is always super fast, the atmosphere is decent, the food is great, and prices very reasonable.  My wife and I also like their margaritas.  I'm often a creature of habit when it comes to restaurants, but I've had fun trying a variety of items at Cuco's, all have been great.  I really like their Chile Rellanos.  I also recommend trying a few of their specialties.  For a twist on Fajita, I recommend trying their Molcajeta.  I also really enjoyed their Burrito Cuco's.  If you're really hungry, the Especial Grande will do the trick...but don't be surprised when they bring out two large plates of food!  All for around $12.
2 If you come here, do not go for the normal combination dinners. The meat is barely spiced, and the sauce on my burrito tasted closer to marinara than anything else. The salsa was also quite bland. Service was good though. My friend tried the fajitas, and those were also not bad. Still, I would see no reason to come here if I did not work in Verona. There are much better places in Madison.
4 I would have to say that this place is pretty good mexican food as far as Madison goes. I go here because there is no alternative, but their service is good and their food is decent.  I always got their burrito Mexicana which is good, but the downside is their beef is not good.  Their chicken meat is a lot better.  The last time I went I got the Chicken fajita quesadilla and that was much better then their tough dried beef.  This place gets a 3 because of their beef and how quick the food comes out (meaning they are all precooked) otherwise their portions are ridiculously large and their free chips and salsa tastes really good.
1 Terrible.  Overpriced and wet nachos supreme.  Bad service.  The nachos were full of lettuce that was dripping with water.  This caused the nachos on the bottom of the plate to become saturated and inedible.  Have you ever heard of a salad spinner?  Complained to the waiter, but he didn't seem to care - basically said, "I'll just go ahead and file that complaint away".  Well, that was just my experience.  Not going back.  Good luck Cuco's.
5 One of the most friendliest service and great food! Also, go there often!
4 This place is very good but not great.  At least not yet.   Watch for improvements because the staff seemed to be interested in what drew us to the restaurant.   We hope they continue to do all they are doing right and seek to improve their restaurant even more. We were greeted promptly by two young ladies at the entrance with big smiles and both were dressed sharply and professionally.   This is always the way to start a nice dinner experience.   We were seated promptly and while sitting down a gentleman showed up with tortillas and salsa and our menu.   Not a minute later another gentleman was ordering our drinks.   Maybe it was the same man, it all went so quickly.    The salsa by the way had a very good flavor and mild. Since this was our first time here we decided to go with dishes we have ordered in the past at other Mexican restaurants.    One dish was with chicken and the other was with shrimp.   Our waiter did not speak English well at all so it was hard to qualify some of our order but usually this is not a big deal for us as it might be important for some people. While waiting we noticed the tables were sports bar themed.  Jim Rome was featured along with a photo of some cheerleaders that my wife covered up with a napkin.  Ha.  It was a bit distracting and not complementary to the atmosphere.  This place used to be a sports bar and restaurant and we think they bought the place with the tables.   All fine and good but either use tablecloths or re-theme the tops of the tables please.  (Neither of us are big fans of sports bars so this was a big turnoff for us when we are looking for a Mexican-like eating experience.  Yeah, yeah, I know that this is a sort of Americanized version of Mexico but go with it.)  Mexican music played in the background at a nice volume level. Our dishes came quickly and were really beautifully put together.   We were really happy about this.   Everything was hot.    Everything but the rice tasted good to very good.   The best was the Pollo Norteno and it's sauce was absolutely excellent.  The rice was kind of bland and not very flavorful.  There is some habanero sauce on the table that you can use to kick up the heat but go easy.   It is pretty hot stuff. On our way out were were questioned with interest about our experience and thanked graciously. We look forward to their continued success.  Went back recently for carry out.   Everything was set up nicely.   But I did notice their vents are filthy dirty in the foyer.   Tsk, tsk.   They need to do something about that or their stars are going down.   I want a clean restaurant from top to bottom or I'm not eating there.  Why?  Because if you don't notice this and I as a customer do what does this say about what you miss in the back kitchen?  Please Cucos, clean your vents and all restaurants out there, do a quick walk around and see the things that need to be cleaned.   ugh.
1 The worst Mexican food I have ever eaten. The steak fajita meat was full of gristle and I had to spit out every piece I tried to chew. The waitress had trouble understanding English when I told her about it. There was no apology or attempt to substitute another menu item or removal from bill. The other members of my party disliked their entrees too. While the margarita was strong, the cheap tequila gave the drinker a stomach ache. Perhaps WI does not know what good Mexican food is like.
4 My family is quite the fan of this place. Yes its not the most authentic Mexican food but we live in Verona, we take what we can get. I think they have great salsa, and the're fajita anything is great! Even tho the waiters don't speak very good english we've never had a problem custom ordering things for my picky fiancee and they are always friendly.  Each table has a unique theme so always nice to have things to look at and talk about over dinner.  It's too bad Pasqual's is open right around the corner but I don't think they are going to hurt business any. :)
3 Went there for a late lunch on Sat.  Service was pretty good and the food was OK but not fantastic..  Overall I'd give them a C.
3 Cuco's is a decent place.  The food is pretty consistently decent.  The service is decent and their drinks are decent.  I have had a lot of things on their menu and the food is far from authentic but it's decent.  They also have decent margaritas.  One thing that I'm not in love with at Cuco's is how overly salted everything is.  There is really not much to say outside of just noting that the place is decent.   One thing that is kind of standout at the restaurant however is this dish that comes in a stone pig shaped pot.  It has chicken, chorizo, steak, and shrimp and is served with avocado slices and rice with beans.  It's pretty freaking good.  It's also pretty freaking salty but still really good.  It is enough for 2 people which should mean that the man and I split it.  But it doesn't.  He eats all he can and looks forward to taking the rest home for breakfast the next day.  He does let me have a few bites of it, only sometimes though!  If you want decent Mexican food and a decent atmosphere with decent service come to Cuco's you won't be disappointed.
2 I would love to give this place three stars because the service is pretty darn good. But the food is just sub par compared to the other choices in Madison. I had a combination platter of a burrito, taco, and tostada. It was very bland and didn't seem to have much flavor at all.  I would compare this place to a restaurant like Pedro's.  It's Fast, Cheap, and just OK.
2 Average.....at best. Went for dinner tonight with my wife and two kids. They did pretty well on service, the staff was friendly and attentive. The tortilla chips were stale and the salsa didn't have alot of flavor. My wife and I ordered strawberry margaritas, mine on the rocks, hers blended. After several minutes and what sounded like a blender over the wall by the bar, our server came back to inform us they couldn't blend anything, so she took hers on the rocks too. The drinks had too much sour mix in them and neither of us could taste any tequila. I'm still not sure why they add $.025 on the bill for the "strawberry", it looked like they had poured flavored soda in it, no fruit whatsoever. My wife's chicken fajita burrito had good taste but certainly wasn't the best ever.  My Cuco's Burrito was delicious but a little heavy on the cilantro. Bottom line, if you want to survive in Madison as a restaurant, you'd better master the basics and find a "wow" factor to keep people coming back. I'd consider giving them a second chance and maybe I will a long time from now, but there's much to choose from that excites me more.
3 Cucos is my favorite Mexican restaurant so far on the west side of town.  Having just moved to the area, there's a lot still to explore, but it's hard when I already like Cucos so much and is right down the road!  Pros:  Staff is very friendly; fairly inexpensive menu; margaritas are a steal; salsa is very good and fresh guac is outstanding; never have to wait for a table Cons:  The interior decor is something to be desired, but I think they must have taken over another bar/business; wish they had a larger outdoor patio that didn't overlook the parking lot  It's unfortunate for some of the negative reviews.  I'm somewhat of a foodie and have been eating Mexican all my life.  I think the food has been good!  Not great, but you're not paying for great either.  It's all relative.  Update:  Since my initial review, I noticed some changes in the menu.  They must have switched chefs or food suppliers because there is a difference in the quality now.  The salsa doesn't seem as fresh, and some of the menu items are just different.  As a result, I dropped it 1 star.
4 Just had a great dinner here with 5 great friends. Food, service, and drinks were great especially for the price.
1 I've been to Cucos once before. At that time it was decent, nothing special but when I went back tonight I was very disappointed, as were my two friends that were with me. My friend and I both ordered combo meals which included a cheese quesadilla, a chicken "enchilada", and something that was supposed to be refried beans. The entire meal was very small for the cost. The quesadilla was just a tortilla made with shredded mozzarella cheese, not even Mexican cheese and no spices or anything. Extremely bland. The enchilada was quite bad as well. No flavor whatsoever. The refried beans were extremely watery and as weird as it sounds, they had a coffee taste and my friend agrees. I'm not one to write reviews, and am usually very happy with meals at restaurants but this was not good. My other friend ordered a taco salad and said it was okay but nothing special. The service wasn't wonderful either. Our waiter didn't seem all that friendly, never asked of we needed more chips or water, and forgot a side of sour cream we had ordered. I would not recommend this restaurant. It's a waste of money.
2 Mediocre food, slow service.  Took about an hour to get our food. Lots of uncleared tables made dining room look messy.
3 Below average in most aspects, service, food, and atmosphere. What they have going for them is price and lack of competition in Verona in this price range. Great lunch spot, but coffee was cold and apps got to the table before the drinks!
3 Adequate food, below average service. Cinco de Mayo they were busy as expected, although we got a table right away. No waiter/waitress for 30 minutes, though... Not acceptable no matter what the occasion.
3 This was a pleasant surprise.  I was looking for another restaurant that must have closed and came across Cuco's by accident.  The décor is definitely kid friendly, they have toys and things to occupy the little ones.    They serve chips and fresh salsa which was delicious.  I had one of the combination plates and the food was excellent.  The portion is quite large, so you will not leave hungry.  The price was very reasonable and the service was good.
2 Decent food and drinks, but the service was very poor.  I probably wouldn't go back.  Once we got our drinks and appetizers, we never saw our waiter again. This prevented us from ordering more drinks or getting waters refilled. It took forever to flag someone down to get my group's bill, and it took an hour from when we asked for the bill to pay and get our credit cards back. Some of the people in our group lost patience and just threw cash down on the table because it took SO long to get the bill.
2 Cuco's service deserves a zero-star rating, but some of their food redeems them to two stars (still nothing to brag about...).  My wife and I ate here shortly after they opened and were disgusted by the slow, uncaring service.  The food was alright--rather bland--but hearing "oh, I forgot" over and over from our server (when we could find her) made sure we didn't return until last night when we decided to give them another try.  Some things never change.....    The food was bland and the service was nonexistent.   We won't go back.
