5 Where do I begin?  The owner not only has 25+ years of experience working with Neiman Marcus, Dillards, etc, but she is so passionate about her work and friendly to work with, you can't help but want to go back.    Jenny was so passionate about making sure that I FELT good in my dress and kept stressing how the important part was making you feel good.  You can tell she loves what she does and loves helping people feel good about themselves and their clothes.    I got a quick appointment, she has quick turnaround and a very clean studio.  I always have a problem not being able to communicate with alterations people, but not with Jenny.  I highly recommend using Perfect Bride for any alterations, not just your bridal gowns.
5 I am so glad I found Jenny, she helped me so much with my dress! I really appreciate all the extra time she spent with me and with the dress itself to make sure it fit perfectly.  I would highly recommend the services of Perfect Bride.
5 What an amazing experience! Jenny is an extremely talented seamstress with a ton of experience. She did, after all, work as a seamstress for Neiman Marcus for YEARS. Anyhow, I came to her with a bridesmaid dress emergency! A broken ankle led to a month of no exercise, which left me unable to fit into my dress. The dress, of course, had no additional fabric to "let it out." Jenny created new boning for my dress and added a beautiful corset backing, matching  the panel and ribbons to the exact color of my dress. In addition to this dress over haul, Jenny hemmed my dress and added a bustle. AND she did this all in one week.  In addition to her incredible talent, Jenny is  as friendly as can be. I will definitely come to her again. As a side note- Jenny runs her business out of the house and meets by appointment only, so make sure to call ahead!
5 I, like everyone else, had nothing short of a phenomenal experience with Jenny. I took her my wedding dress and rehearsal dinner dress on Saturday and told her I would need them by Wednesday. A mere 4 days later, my mom and I drove over to Jenny's studio (as someone else said, it is a home based office which can be confusing if you are looking for a business, but she is incredibly professional and her work space is very clean and spacious) and both dresses were altered, cleaned, steamed, and ready to go! Jenny added NINE bustles to my dress as well as altering the other in the bust line. This amount of work in the amount of time she took might have made me nervous with others, but Jenny was flawless. I couldn't be happier and I will never consider getting my clothing tailored elsewhere. My mom and I loved her as a person as well, not just her excellent work.  Thank you Jenny! I highly recommend!
5 Jenny is not only professional and prompt with completely the alterations on time, but absolutely talented with alterations. Jenny was recommended by the manager of Strut Bridal Boutique for alterations. My wedding dress was way too big and alterations were going to be difficult due to the immense amount of beadwork. Jenny took my dress without hesitation and explained the process of the alteration as well as an accurate price quote for all her hard work. The dress is beautiful, fits like a glove without being too tight or uncomfortable. I recommend taking your wedding gown to this talented woman!
5 With a long stint at Neiman Marcus on her resume, I had really high expectations for Jenny. I'm so happy to report that she completely exceeded my lofty expectations. Jenny is just fantastic!  My dress required some major reconstruction. Like adjust the straps, take in the hips, take in the thighs (to make me look like I'm not built like a rectangle), AND shorten the dress. Oh, and I should mention that my dress is all lace, with very intricate beading and crystals. She basically had to take the entire thing apart at the seams, then resew the lace, beading and crystals, then repeat this process to adjust the length. Major work.   When I left my first appointment with her, she assured me that she would make the alterations and return the dress to its original condition. When I picked it up today, I was so happy to find that she delivered on her promise. It was like someone waved a magic wand and shrunk my dress in exactly the right spots (or worked tirelessly to hand sew complicated beading and lace). Her work was flawless, and the fit was perfect.  I really couldn't be happier with Jenny and her craftsmanship. She is professional, timely and joyful. She's passionate about what she does, and very clearly takes pride in doing her job very well. Plus, she's so nice. I left both of my appointments with her feeling so great about my dress. Thanks to her, I know I'll feel great on my wedding day.   Jenny's studio is fantastic, too. It's co-located at her home, and it's professional, cute and very clean. There's a separate entrance on the side of the building, so you never feel like you're walking through a stranger's home. In fact, if you didn't know her studio was at her home, you would think you were in the dressing room of a local store.   If you need your wedding dress altered, you owe it to yourself to visit Jenny. She's just incredible!
5 Perfect is the Perfect name- Jenny is AMAZING!  I first met Jenny in Jan 2011- she altered my wedding gown as well as my mom's dress.  Jenny made both of our dresses look as they were made for us!   When I was having my alterations I also saw a dress that Jenny was making for a bride---- WOW!  We also used Jenny later that year for alterations to our daughter's prom dress.   This year we had another Prom dress that needed alterations and Jenny came to the rescue!   Her work is impeccable!    If you want an honest, professional, fun and reasonably priced alteration specialist CHOOSE PERFECT BRIDE ALTERATIONS!
5 First, let me state that this is my inaugural post on Yelp. Yes, she is that good. I like to think that I have discerning taste and am pretty critical when it comes to fashion and fit. Jenny did the alterations for my wedding dress and the results were just amazing. The detailed lace dress hugged my body perfectly. To add, she was just amazing to work with. In fact, she has now become the go to alterations professional for my husband and I. Highly, highly recommended. I don't trust many people with anything of mine but boy do I trust her with my sartorial wear.
4 Jenny is a sweet, sweet woman that is focused on quality alterations.  Although her services are a little pricier than other alteration shops, the quality and service is unmatched.  She is personable and bubbly!  I have had two bridesmaid dresses significantly altered by her in the last year ($100 in alterations each), but she made them both fit my shape and size perfectly!    She also does regular alterations such as pant and suit hems.  I highly recommend her! :)    Tip: She only takes cash!!!
5 Jenny is outstanding!  From my first meeting to the last, she was nothing but professional.  I brought pictures of a few dresses that I liked to Jenny, and we came up with an overall pattern (back from one dress, bodice of another, bottom from another).  Jenny made a muslin pattern for me and we had a few fittings with that pattern just to make sure it was right.  I ordered the fabric and off Jenny went with making the dress.  It came out perfect!  It was very well made.  Jenny even hand stitched the lace so it matched up perfectly and you couldn't see the stitches at all.  It was exactly as I pictured it!  I would recommend that anyone who wants a custom dress, to go to Jenny.  She is not only kept every deadline that she quoted me, but her prices were very reasonable.  Thank you, Jenny!
5 It's all true! Jenny is amazing! My husband and I had an elopement ceremony in St. Lucia about a week ago. We married in April after a little over a year of engagement because we just couldn't wait anymore.   I know, I know...barf, right?   After 7+ years of screwy on and off intense passion, boozy shouting matches and emotional reunions we finally grew up and realized we didn't really want to live without each other if we didn't have to....so we decided not to... Pretty cool eh. :) And so began our journey into adulthood (in our 30's) and my journey to find a dress that didn't make me look like a porn star or a beached whale (both of which are looks that have landed me on my own personal 'wost dressed' list in the past).   Jenny took a dress that when purchased, I was swimming in, and turned it into a glorious doily that appeared to be sewn to my body. I could bend, I could breathe, I could do a creepy pathetic strip tease in our suite to lure my hubs to the buffet because I had too much rum at 10am.... (pre-ceramony jitters)  This woman is amazing at her craft and I would trust her to alter anything to perfection. Dealing with the material of my dress was no easy task and upon close inspection, you would never know it had been touched by a seamstress. The turn around time was very quick and I had my finished dress weeks before my trip. I highly recommend Jenny and Perfect Bride Alterations and Couture.
5 I felt so lucky to find Jenny on Yelp. While my future husband made fun of me for this, I was beyond happy with her ability to transform a dress I purchased online (design discontinued but I had to have it) into one that looks like it was made for me. I cannot wait to wear it in Maui. Jenny was insistent on keeping all the original design elements and proportions of the dress, which I don't think most tailors would concern themselves with. Don't even bother with the uppity bridal salons that keep you waiting on your alterations. Jenny will not only have it for you quickly, she will do it with a smile every time she sees you. It wasn't long before my fiance was having clothes altered by her too. I would recommend her without hesitation.
4 Jenny is amazing!!!! And very reasonably priced too!! She did everything that I asked to be done and always reassured me that I was the most beautiful bride!! I would recommend her to any and all!! She also can get the job done fast for all those brides who are in a time crunch! Thanks Jenny!!!
5 In one word: AWESOME!! jenny is trully amazing, she is soooo sweet and she has done such a great job I CANT WAIT TO WEAR MY WEDDING DRESS!!! She did about 4 different things to my gown, I didn't think she was that much pricier than davids bridal. She's so nice and friendly it was like having my dress altered with a longtime friend.  She has worked at neiman markus before and she knows very well what she does, she did such a great quality  work on my dress, and she even gives you advice, for example my dress is pretty big therefore is a little heavy so i kept grabbing it because i had the felling it was falling (it is an strapless dress) she did something to it the next time i saw her and by the end of our appointment she said, im happy to see you dont have the need to keep grabbing your dress anymore, i fixed that!! shes so knowledgeable since she has been doing what she does for so long. I seriously can only say good things about jenny, im so glad i went to her shop i feel like i made a new friend. I recommend her to everyone!! she is so great!!!!
5 Jenny is simply fantastic! I was a little hesitant to use a home business for my alterations, but from the moment I arrived, my apprehensions were put to rest. Jenny is warm, friendly, provides great advice, listens well and my end results were absolutely amazing. My dress was breathtakingly beautiful and fit like a glove. I would whole-heartedly recommend Jenny to any bride or bridesmaid, whatever needs you have. Her experience, heart, passion, and attention to detail are what makes her great.
5 Jenny is seriously the BEST! After going through David's Bridal for my first alterations attempt and being told it would cost a ridiculously high price, I found Jenny. Jenny literally reconstructed the entire bottom part of my dress and it is perfection in the form of satin. She is so wonderful and friendly... I loved going to her studio for the fittings. The outcome was well worth the price and experience!!!
5 To say Jenny is amazing is an absolute understatement!!! I ordered a bridesmaids dress and it was extremely big and way too long. After searching for alterations shops in Phoenix, I saw all the wonderful reviews about Jenny. Taking a chance, I gave her a call before her website stated she was open, hoping to just leave a message. Instead, I spoke to Jenny and had an appointment three hours later. When I arrived she greeted me with the warmest smile and reassurance that my dress would be beautiful. I was a little nervous to tell her that I needed the dress in 9 days. She didn't flinch when I told her the tight turn around. She simply reassured me that my dress would be ready. Upon seeing the dress, Jenny thoroughly explained what she would do and was very open to my suggestions. Within nine days, I had two fittings and a newly reconstructed dress. The price was well worth the custom alterations that I received. The dress fit beautifully! When I picked up the dress she had steamed it for me and wrapped it to help it keep its shape. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND Jenny to anyone wanting their dress altered CORRECTLY, the first time. I felt at peace during the whole process and have already recommended her to friends. Jenny will now be my go-to for alterations!
5 Jenny is phenomenal! I would highly recommend working with her an any gown! When my original seamstress no-showed my first appointment leaving me alone with my wedding gown on her doorstep it was Jenny to the rescue. Jenny opened her studio an hour early for me the very next day to make sure my alterations began on time! Jenny fit my elegant designer ballgown to me like a glove! She made wonderful recommendations that made sure my dress looked like it was made just for me and still maintained all the important design features of the original dress. At my final fitting, you never would have known the dress had been altered - her work was pristine! Jenny graciously housed my dress for an extra week so that I could pick it up the day before my wedding and avoid bringing it home where my fiance might have seen and to avoid putting it in a closet and getting it wrinkled. Jenny is always positive, peppy, and fun to work with. I couldn't wait to get there to wear my dress and chat with her! Working with Jenny is comfortable. You get the trusting loving feeling as if an old friend was working on the most important garment you'll ever wear. I would recommend Jenny to any Bride seeking a personal alterations experience with a high class couture seamstress!!
5 Jenny is an awesome seamstress. I had a strapless wedding gown that I needed a bodice and sleeves built onto- and it came out exactly the way I wanted it! She was incredibly accommodating (I am an out-of-state bride) and was quick with her results. Her seams were flawless, and she was reasonable with her prices. I would recommend her to anyone who needs alterations or design modifications to their clothing.
5 Jenny is FANTASTIC!! she is quick, so friendly, and really knows what she is doing! she completely restructured my dress. i dont know what i would have done without her!!! would highly recommend
5 Wonder worker!!! Jenny can make the impossible happen!!  My daughter had her heart set on this dress from Etsy for prom.  We took the measurements and ordered based on the size chart with fingers crossed.  Well, it showed up barely in time for the prom and about two sizes too small in the waist.  I called Jenny and she got us in that day!  We needed to find six inches in a dress that offered no extras for letting out... and in 4 days!!  Well-- Jenny not only found the extras, she reworked the entire dress adding in boning to the bodice and fixing some of the flaws from the manufacturer... for $150!! The dress was beautiful.  Prom was saved!! And I will recommend Jenny to ANYONE the needs a miracle to happen.  She is extremely talented! And an overall lovely person.  Thank you sooo much!
5 Love this place! Jenny really knows what she is doing. Very cute and professional. Will defiantly be back.
5 Jenny is very professional and very sweet. She completely reconstructed my dress from a size 8 to a size 4. I was not too sure about my dress when I first bought it but after Jenny altered it to fit me perfectly, I loved it!!! She is a perfectionist and does very high quality work.
5 Jenny took AMAZING care of my Sisser and her wedding dress!!  I liked that she has her shop in her home, it was private and comfortable.  She knows what she is doing, and she is wonderful to work with.
5 Jenny is a true professional. I found Jenny through Yelp and she was even better than expected. Jenny did several alterations to my lace wedding dress including fixing the bustle that was done incorrectly by someone else and shortening the dress several inches. Jenny has a passion for designer dresses and made sure that all of the alterations didn't alter the original design. Jenny worked at Neiman Marcus for many years so you can trust her with your designer dress.  I would highly recommend her! Also, if you need your dress dry cleaned or pressed I would talk to her about it, she works with a local dry cleaner and the dress came back looking absolutely perfect.
5 Because of work/ school/ dress ordering complications I only received my dress a few WEEKS before the wedding. Needless to say I was kinda freaking out about getting alterations done in time. Jenny put me completely at ease and completed my alterations in UNDER A WEEK. The dress is perfect and fits me like a dream. She did a great job with all the lace on my dress! In addition, she is very reasonably priced- you will pay less here then at any bridal salon/ department store and her service is unbeatable!
5 Jenny is amazing and extremely talented! She literally deconstructed my entire dress, altered it several inches, and put it back together to designer standards- that is what she does. In addition to her expert alteration work, she is the most kind and loving person you could ever ask to work with on something as important as your wedding dress. We found her through Yelp and couldn't be happier with the care she gave my dress and the service she gave us. She is a perfectionist, and wont stop until the dress is PERFECT. She is a bit pricey, but it is absolutely worth every penny to get a custom dress fit gorgeously for your body.
5 Jenny is wonderful! She had to completely redo the top portion of my wedding dress as it was far too big. She put it back together to look perfect! She worked with me on the pricing as she knew budget was a huge factor in my small wedding. She did alterations and the final cleaning! She put this part of my wedding at ease. I will recommend Jenny to anyone and everyone!
5 I could not be happier with the work Jenny did on my dress! I bought it off the rack so it was far from perfect when I brought it in. It had a broken strap, the zipper was busted, and it was much too big. She fixed all of this and even added a bustle so I would be comfortable on my wedding day. She is an absolute perfectionist and would not rest until my dress fit me perfectly. Now it looks like it was made especially for me. She is wonderfully talented and about the sweetest person you will ever meet!
5 I've rarely gone anywhere to get alterations done so for my super expensive bridesmaids dress, I was really looking for quality. I saw all the raving reviews for Jenny at Perfect Bride Alterations & Couture and had to call. From the get go, Jenny was very sweet and made the alterations process a breeze. It did take about 4 weeks to get my dress complete BUT, I had a massive hem job and a few other things done with the dress. Just an FYI, the shop has a separate entrance from her home so go to the side with the white door to ring door bell. I really enjoyed my experience, even though the cost of alterations was almost as much as I paid for the original dress. Now it fits perfectly and cannot wait to wear it for the wedding! Would highly recommend!!
5 Jenny is absolutely amazing. If you need your wedding dress altered, look no further.  I came in with a dress I bought in NY that was a size too small. There was little room to let the dress out, but Jenny found a way. When I came back a month later, I had lost weight so the dress was now 2 sizes too big! Jenny was completely professional and said she would take care of it! Not only did I end up with a dress that fit like a glove (and she made me promise not to lose any more weight!), but she also sewed in boning and a corset so the strapless gown would stay put, meticulously cut and hemmed each of my 20+ layers of tulle, and created a beautiful 8-part bussel. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Jenny made me feel comfortable and confident that she was the right choice every step of the way.
5 Wow! Perfect Bride Alterations is the place to go for all of your bridal alterations! Seriously! I didn't come here for my wedding dress but I came here for my sister to fulfill my maid of honor duties. Jenny is the nicest and funniest alteration specialist I've ever met. She was very personable while being professional. Her fitting room is at her house but separated so it feels like a retail space, very organized and clean. In the room she has a 360 mirror and a curtain for privacy. She has a ton of experience and it shows. She altered my sister's dress and changed the neckline completely, it looks beautiful. Jenny made it sound so easy and from the way it came out she's a pro! I can't give the details because the wedding is coming up but trust my opinion, this is quality. When I heard how much she charged, I was amazed at how affordable it was! Definitely wish I came here for my dress because my alterations cost an arm and a leg! Very happy for my sister and excited to be there for her on her big day! Yelpers take advantage of this great find!
5 I purchased the sample of my dress off the rack. I was a bit apprehensive on the buy because the sample size was a 10 and I'm a street size zero. I knew any alterations would be a major overhaul to get it to fit my petite frame. I was not going to skimp on picking the right vendor to do this job.   Jenny was so sweet and a pleasure to work with from the get go in the wedding dress alteration experience. I found her reviews on Yelp and they were just all glowing about her excellent work.   She was able to get the dress to fit me beautifully. The dress was silk organza, with tons of under layers to create a mermaid shape. She worked with all the elements like a pro and maintained the silhouette of the original design that I fell in love with.   She is also very flexible with meeting times for fittings, which is incredibly helpful for any bride who has a particularly busy schedule.  See my original review on http://www.weddingwire.com/reviews/perfect-bride-alterations-couture-phoenix/c02bd99d4afb982d.html
5 Jenny is AMAZING!!!   She made me feel perfect in my already perfect gown! She had my dress ready with-in 4 weeks in perfect shape and fitting better than ever! She even cleaned it!! She was worth every penny and more! Ladies, Jenny is your go to person for all of your bridal party hemming needs! You won't regret choosing her, she gives you piece of mind is very easy to talk to!
5 Jenny is top notch! Jenny altered a gown for me to wear to a gala downtown back in August and she did such an amazing job that I brought my wedding dress to her in February. Altering my dress was a big task. I bought the dress last May and have lost some weight since so the dress needed a lot of work. Today was my final appointment and it felt like I was putting the dress on for the first time all over again. You know that feeling you get when you have THE dress on? It was beautifully altered and fit like a glove. Jenny pays close attention to detail and makes sure that she doesn't change the design of the dress or disturb the pattern. My dress was full lace and she made sure that whenever she needed to take it in she moved the lace back so it looked the same. She is very personable and remembers me whenever I go back to her. I will post some pictures of my dress after my wedding. I have already and will continue to recommend Jenny to everyone! She does quality work!
5 She did an amazing job, I was so impressed! I intentionally bought a dress that was going need some work because I wanted a very specific look. I bought a dress that was 3-4 sizes too big (awesome sale, just couldn't pass it up) and she very quickly took care of that. Other alterations were: removing the sewn in beads around the waist, creating a sash to take place of the beads, creating a bolero to go with it, and adding some colored tulle underneath. I was amazed at the final result. It worked out EXACTLY the way I pictured it in my head. She also charged a very reasonable price for the amount of work she did on my dress. I would most definitely recommend her to someone looking for an excellent tailor.
5 I purchased a sample dress off the rack that was a size too small. The store didn't offer alterations at any possible time I could make it without taking lots of time off work. I found Jenny through yelp and all of the reviews raved about her so I gave it a shot. She added a  beautiful corset to the back of my dress and it fit perfectly. She really makes sure the bride feels beautiful and likes what she has done. Her prices were not too bad as far as formal/bridal altering go. She has good hours and is conveniently located. I would definitely recommend her to everyone!
4 I trusted fellow yelpers and am so happy that I did! The price was super reasonable and my dress fit perfect! My mother-in-law also had her dress altered and she looked amazing in her dress! We ordered her dress online & it needed a lot of work. The service was great & the quality of work was great. The only hiccup is that one of the pins was sewn/caught inside the dress making it dangerous if she would have stepped on it. Thankfully my bridesmaids caught it while steaming the dress (final touches) & carefully removed it without ripping the hemming too much. Only reason for the 4 out of 5 - I will def recommend her if anyone asks!
5 Jenny transformed by ugly random wedding dress find at Nordstrom Rack into this amazing vintage wedding dress that I wish I could wear over and over. She listened to all of my requests and built me a one if a kind dress that I will cherish forever. So many compliments. You are truly so talented Jenny!!
5 I was so happy with the work done on my dress. Jenny is such a sweet and caring person. She was a little bit more money then I expected...but I've never had anything altered before and I had a change made to the dress as well as only allow a month for the changes needed. She was quick and very smart about what we could do. She cleaned and pressed my dress. It looked beautiful for my big day!!!
5 Jenny is extremely talented and professional. My dress needed to be let out. Jenny did a perfect job. Would highly recommend.you can trust her to do a beautiful job!!!!
5 Jenny was professional and did an amazing job on my wedding dress! She made suggestions on what alterations were needed which improved the fit of my gown and truly made me feel like a bride! I had her remove my train and take off inches from the dress. The dress had multiple layers which she altered and hemmed perfectly! I can't imagine how much time and attention to detail that took. You would never tell my bodice was altered and in all honesty the dress looks ten time better than the original. Thank you Jenny for your talent!
5 Jenny is AMAZING!! She works magic on your dress!... I had to take in bust, waist, hips, hem a few inches and add a bustle... She seriously did it all in 4 1/2 weeks!!... I had issues finding a seamstress that I was happy with before finding Jenny... so mine ended up being rushed.... but she did a completely fabulous job. My appointments with her were fun and relaxed, even with the time crunch! She is a sweet lady with tons of experience under her belt. She has turned the side of her house into her little business :) I would recommend her to any and everybody. Her prices are reasonable and fairly average. She's worth the money :)
5 I resurrected my Yelp account just to be able to leave a glowing review for Jenny.  She went above and beyond, paid attention to every little detail, and made me feel like a bride should.  I bought my dress sight unseen online, and brought it to her to make it mine.  Her prices were very reasonable and absolutely worth it.  I cannot wait to get married in my dress!  I highly recommend Jenny!!
5 I absolutely loved my alterations lady; she was so nice and professional.  I had 3 fittings, the first for the top half, the second for the bottom and the last to make sure everything was good, then I was able to take it home with me from the 3rd apt.  It came out perfect and I could not have been happier with the dress and the service I received.
5 Go To Jenny!!!!! She is so beyond amazing!!! She did a perfect job!  I cannot express how happy I was and how in love I am with my dress after Jenny saved the day! My dress needed some serious changes (came in completely wrong after buying it from a bridal show) and Jenny turned it into a beyond perfect dress. I was so happy, I cried on the way home (and I don't cry). It's so beautiful and she did a fabulous job in only a few weeks! She fit me in when I was panicking and spent time and effort for me and is now going to be altering my sister's and mother's dresses. SERIOUSLY GO TO JENNY!!!!! She is the sweetest, nicest person you will ever meet! The dress is staying with her because she presses them as well!  Long story: I ordered my dress from a bridal show. It was supposed to be strapless with a short sleeve lace jacket. I spent more on the dress than I was every planning to but it was perfect. It was supposed to come in 6 months later, was delayed 9 months and then the dress came in with the front, which was to be a low sweetheart, all the way up to my neck (literally), the jacket attached to the dress with a full back (supposed to show my back) and sleeves (done very poorly) down to my elbows. It was not pretty to say the least. The bridal store owner (his wife was the designer of the dress) said he would help me and that he had a seamstress that would fix it. (Long story about the bridal store, a lot was going on and it was not their fault). I got my dress in October and was told to go back to her in late January. I called her two times a week for three weeks with no reply and no answer. Now it was the beginning of February and I started to panic because I then went to two other seamstresses on my own who said they couldn't do it in time for how much needed to be done (wedding is in May). The owner personally was in contact with me and called the seamstress and she finally called me back and just said "no, I can't help you." If I had known, I would have found somebody in Oct when the dress came in. I was very upset and then my mom found Jenny online, She saw me the same day after hearing my story. Jenny is a busy person, but she took the time and effort to fix my dress. I ended up falling in love with the back of the dress and the collar, so she turned it into a beautiful vintage, low cut sweetheart with short cap sleeves. I can't imagine how much time it took to redo the beading (and there was a lot) and it was more perfect than I could even imagine. It fit like a glove and it was so gorgeous and very unique. She did an amazing job and I would recommend her in a heart beat to anyone.
