1 Received rubber flooring rolls and upon unrolling them noticed they were not laying flat along one edge (all three). The rolls were obviously defective and were a liability to the gym members-- a tripping hazard. Members were calling them the new "bacon" mats because of the waves along the edges. After providing the company with photos and expressing my disapointment, Alex was very understanding and told me the issue would be resolved within 48 hours. After 48 hours , his tone changed, avoiding my emails, giving vague answers, and even blaming me for installing them improperly. It has been a week since I've heard from them and have lodged a complaint with American Express.
5 Couldn't be happier with my new floor!  The garage was a wreck and a mess and just didn't do justice to the Ferrari 328 GTS parked there.  So after some Google searches I found Rubber Flooring and was pleased to see just how affordable it is!  I did the entire double garage for around a grand, did the work myself - was quick and easy - just a simple portable table saw to cut the tiles, and press into place.  It came out amazing - added yellow accent tiles, a yellow stair riser and counter along the new wall between garages - it now looks like a showroom and after 5 months installed, haven't had a single issue or complaint with the flooring product.  See the photo I added of the finished job.
1 Purchased $1700 worth of rubber floor rolls for a fitness facility.  According to their website, floor rolls would lay downon their own within 24-48 hours.  Over 1 month after laying the rolls down, the ends still have a strong upward curl.  The site advises carpet tape or glue as optional.  Carpet tape would not adhere to the rubber.     Floor rolls were not cut evenly.  Seams would not line up. They would at the ends of each roll, but gap in the middle.  Seams length wise pushed against each other at one point causing bubbles but then gapped later down the seam.  Floor was laid down using chalk line and was told by a professional flooring contractor that the rolls were all cut at different widths and weren't straight.    Tried to remedy with the since October 1st and the following occurred:   -Alicia Vitte (employee) offered $35 refund after looking at photos I sent in.  She said she can see how they are still curled and not lining up.  I stated $35 refund is an insult.  They sent out 2 tubes of black seam sealer stating that would fill the gaps and make it look fine.  Instead the seam sealer being glossy highlighted the seams, got under the floor rolls, expanded, and caused more bubbles.  Clients started tripping over the bubbled floor.  In addition, the refund for only $35 never appeared in my account.   -after not receiving the refund, I called asking about it, now very frusterated, and I was transferred to supervisor Kanar.  They asked for more photos in which In sent.  Photos still showing curled up edges, uneven seams, but even worse looking now after the seam sealer application.  I also unglued the floor at this point and trimmed the area with a t-square to remove the glossy seam area and in hopes of creating a straight seam. Floor still curled up making lining up seams impossible.   - Kanar advised she could see the issue and it was approved to send 3 new 50' rolls.  I asked for a confirmation email.  Never received.  Instead a voicemail saying they wanted more pictures yet again.  Now manager Sean got involved saying issue would be resolved that day.  Instead, received another email asking for more pictures and accused of poor installation.  Note that the website clearly States these rolls need only to be rolled out and allowed to settle. Carpet tape or glue is optional according to the site.  The main issue is the rolls still curl up over month later, and the seams literally do not line up.  I have read other complaints regarding rolls being off by 1/4 inch.  Rolls were measured and are indeed different from roll to roll.   I now have a floor that is hacked up with curled edges.  The company is poor about returning phone calls or emails.  Furthermore, I have statements from clients about tripping on the curls and also documentation that new rolls would be sent.  However they have now backpeddled and are not sending them out.    If the website reflected that installation would REQUIRE glue, that the curls may not ever lay down, and that rolls were not exact cut, I would never have bought these.  I am a small business and the floor was the biggest investment I made.  I feel company is poorly organized and makes false statements about their produxts.  Further, the site states a swiffer wetjet will clean them. I bought one and the rubber is so tacky it will not move on it.  Currently I invested another $100 on carpet floor mats to lay of the edges to prevent tripping.
