5 I dropped in to have a watch sized. The gentleman at the front was fast to buzz me through the big iron security gate. He was very polite, and took the extra links out of my new watch quickly. It was only $6 and he did it while I waited- only took maybe 5 minutes. They were also really helpful when I had questions about having a more expensive watch serviced. I plan to bring a necklace and ring back here to be sized as well. Fast, polite and inexpensive!
5 I stopped by yesterday to get a new battery on a very old watch. Initially, I went to JC Penney where they charge $10 for battery replacement. However, they suggested I go to a watch repair place because the woman couldn't pry open my square-faced watch. Hence, I found myself at Gemtime.  Like the other reviewers state, you walk into the store and the gentleman at the counter will buzz you in through the security gate. I let the guy know what I needed and about five minutes and $8 later, my watch is back to its old glory. The guy who helped was really nice. I'm definitely coming this way for any watch or jewelry repair needs:)
5 Super friendly service, and more than reasonable rates. Love it! I'd be back here for all jewelry repair and watch stuff. The Dude added a link to my wife's Rolex, and tried different sizing (adjusted a few notches) 3 times until it was perfect. She was extremely happy once it was done. Great service.
5 Just went in today for help with a Tag - great and friendly service!
5 The best place for watch and jewelry repair, for sure! Excellent service and prices!
5 Gem Time is a classic family-run neighborhood business with impeccable customer service and timely, competent workmanship.  From the moment I entered, I was treated as a valued customer by the owners, a father and son duo. I had two watches that another alleged watch repair shop had damaged while replacing the batteries plus one broken crystal. In an instant the watches were being examined and the problems identified. They gave me an estimate that sounded almost too good to be true for the repairs. But sure enough, they delivered. I have already referred business to them including members of my family. These guys are the real deal!
5 Super friendly, fast service, and reasonable prices.  I've worn my Tag Heuer watch everyday for more than 12 years, so I thought it was high time to get it checked and cleaned.  I read great reviews of Gemtime, and since it is located very close to my office I stopped in at lunch. John, the son, took one look at my watch and said, we can take care of this for you and you'll have it back it tomorrow.  When I expressed concern that my wrist would feel funny without the familiar weight of a watch, he not only understood but even offered to let me take a loaner watch for the day if I wanted. (I decided I could survive one day, but if it had been a longer period I probably would have taken him up on the offer.)  When I picked up my watch, they had steam cleaned the case, put it in the ultrasonic cleaner, and polished it up so it looks like new. They even checked the seals and performed a pressure check to ensure that the inside of my dive watch is still sealed.  I had also noticed that my gym workouts are paying off and my wrists seem to be getting thicker which meant that my watch was getting tighter. Luckily I still have the links that I had taken out of the bracelet when I first got my watch, so I took those in and we added back a link to give the watch a better fit.   I would definitely recommend Gemtime as a great place to take your fine watches and jewelry. They know what they are doing, don't try to sell service you don't need, finish their work quickly, and provide great service!
5 This place is kind of challenging to find. It is in the corner of the shopping plaza behind the Dunkin' Donuts and to the right of Pig & Pickle. I came in to resize a watch. Service was very friendly & fast. You have to be buzzed in from a super heavy duty gate. I explained how I wanted it to fit and before I even had a chance to find a good magazine, it was done. From now on, this is my go to spot for anything watch and jewelry related.
5 Great customer service and so affordable! Will keep coming back here for all my jewelry repairs!
5 Great customer service and very friendly, brought my Tag watch in for repair, broken screw. Repaired the watch on-site with no problems at a reasonable  price. Even showed me how the run the watch so that the battery would last longer.  Can not say enough, if you need any watch repaired these are the guys  2 brothers and their  father run the shop. In fact,  What I liked most about their service was that they said they would look at the watch first and if they could fix it , but if the damage was extensive then they would advise sending it to a Tag authorized dealer. They looked at it and made the determination that the internal coils(?? what ever that means) and mechanics looked good and that they just need to remove the broken screw and add a new battery. Even greased the rubber seal on the cover for a water resistant close. I would definitely trust  them with any of your jewelry repairs.
5 Yelp comes through yet again!  I needed to find a place to install watch batteries, and Gemtime was the highest rated in Scottsdale, by a mile!  I brought four watches into Gemtime, and met John, who along with his Dad, own Gemtime. John was super friendly and knowledgeable, and got my watches dialed in  super quickly. While I was there I learned a great deal about watches, and the intricacy that goes into wristwatches. Thanks to Gemtime, I now have a place that can deal with battery replacement, but more importantly- major repairs.  In addition to having the batteries replaced, John is fixing two of my watches that have broken crowns, and do not work any longer. I was quoted a very fair prices, and it will be cool to have these two watches back.  So skip the mall kiosks and meet these watch pros. With over 40 years experience, John and his Dad will have your watch up and running in no time.
5 This is an excellent place to have your watch repaired or serviced. John is outstanding. I went to other Rolex stores, but Gemstone is by far the most responsive and honest. Strongly recommend John. Only bad news is this handsome young man is already engaged to be married. They do many other things. Well worth the visit
5 I have had the best experience here.  I took a Tag watch in to get a battery.,. replaced quickly and at a great price! I returned again when I had condensation in my Michele watch. They took it apart, re-sealed it and pressure tested it for me!  Fabulous service. I highly recommend them!
5 I don't want to go anywhere else!
5 Great guy, prompt and excellent service, great prices.  I drove down from Cave Creek because of Yelp reviews, I wasn't disappointed.
5 Quality work... Great value... Prompt service... And a cool dog! You can't lose at Gemtime!
5 My experience at Gemtime was exceptional! John and his uncle repaired my vintage watch, and it runs beautifully.  Both gentlemen were very knowledgeable and very personable.  I was pleased to discover that Gemtime will also custom design jewelry pieces. So not only will I go back for my watch maintenance, but I also plan to go back to shop. I have found my jeweler!
1 Read about Gemtime because I needed a battery in my dress watch, and I'm new to the area. Got a real sketchy feeling as soon as I got "buzzed" in the locked gate and saw a pitbull behind the counter. I've had this watch for about 25 years and have replaced the battery many times never paying more than $10.00. The man behind the counter told me $45.00 for a battery in this "kind of" watch. I guess because it's an expensive gold watch, he felt I could afford to be taken. I walked out and went a few miles away to a much nicer, full service jeweler and was treated with respect and paid the customary $10.00.
5 I literally found Gemtime at the perfect moment. I was leaving Dunkin Donuts and just happened to look over and saw this little shop tucked away in the corner. The irony was that I had been carrying these two watches in the car for months that needed to be repaired. I had found a coupon for this place in the mall; but for some reason, I hadn't gone yet.   When I arrived in the shop, John had me pick out a band I liked and cut it to fit the watch. I actually like my watch better then before and wear it more often!  Had I not found Gemtime, I  would've had to ship the watch out to Kenneth Cole and go thru this long drawn out progress. Then, he held on to the other watch until he found the exact shade of red in patent leather to match.  Mind you, I searched for months online and went to several watch repair shops to find a match. He's really good and all of that work for a really great price.  Plus he's a really nice guy with a great rapport with his customers!  Thank you John for bringing my watches back to life!  :-)
5 I have been here twice & both times were wonderful experiences! The first time I came in to get an old Bulova A11 cleaned up and he did a wonderful job! I was worried because it's such an old and semi-rare watch, but he made it look good as new & even found a nice band to fit it! I was giving it as a gift & didn't have a box or anything. He found an old bulova box in the back & gave it to me, no charge! The second time in was to get a band sized & he did it right away while telling me about his new wife & his dog. Great guy, super friendly, wonderful service & know how. I recommend him to all if my friends!!
5 Went in this past Friday because my watch battery had died and needed it replaced.  The owner/operator was friendly and efficient, so I didn't need to wait long.  He also lubricated the gears of the watch as preventative maintenance.
5 I've been looking for a good watch store for over a year. I had a kinetic watch that had not been fixed in over a year as the last place that did not fix it right. I had a co worker refer me here and so glad I went.   John was extremely friendly right off the bat.  He tried to charge it first and then when that didn't work, he told me what was wrong. Their prices are great, are very professional, and had the watch fixed ahead of schedule. I highly recommend them and look forward to bringing my other watches here.
5 Gemtime helped me repair a necklace that belongs to my wife. While much of their business is watch related, they also can do quality jewelry repair.   Their service was excellent and affordable. The owners are friendly and once you get by the security gate the shop feels welcoming. I would definitely use them again.
5 I ordered a wide band silver ring online, and it was way too small (surprise.  never buy jewelry online unless you know your size).  I called this place first to ask if they do rings since they market their watch repair.  They said to bring it in and they'd be able to handle it.  I ended up having go up 2 whole ring sizes.  I dropped off my ring and got a call the next day saying that it was already done.  When I received my ring, the workmanship was amazing.  Couldn't even tell that it was resized, which would be extremely noticeable on this ring if the workmanship were bad.  They had to add silver to it, so it wasn't exactly cheap, but the quick turnaround, service and workmanship was worth it.  My finger still hasn't changed color, so I'm assuming that actual silver was used to resize my ring.  I highly recommend this place!
5 The main guy there, John is just a great dude. He took care of my watches and very fast. I sat on the sofa and he replaced everything that needed help. Batteries, bands, straps etc!
5 What more can be said?  This is a multi-generation family-owned business that focuses on quality workmanship and customer service.  you have a choice where to spend your watch repair dollars... You won't be disappointed here. Avoid the chains in the malls. You will get quality and value here.
5 I took a Rolex Watch that I purchased on EBAY and asked John to authenticate it for me.  Has was very understanding and knowledgeable and was able to confirm that it was indeed authentic.  I feel very fortunate to have found Gemtime and will gladly bring my future watch and jewelry business to them and recommend them to others.
5 Great customer service! They kept me informed on the price estimate and progress status of my ring that needed resizing. They even allowed a custom size since my fingers are so slim. When I went to pick it up, it looks and feels great. Very friendly and professional. I also appreciated the later evening hours during the week since they have limited weekend hours and I could go after work.
