5 I'll make this review the 3 S': Short, Sweet, and Simple.  You don't know how inspiring it is walk through those glassed doors and into your locale's own chapel. Not leasing or renting or sharing another chapel with another locale, but calling it yours to keep. =] Summerlin has been a locale congregation for almost five years (September this year marks five whole years) and is the third locale in Southern Nevada to purchase a beautiful house of worship. It is located right on the corner of Flamingo and Torrey Pines.   If you didn't see this chapel when it was first purchased to how it is continuing to bloom into a rose that grew from concrete than you really won't be able to appreciate how the smallest things in life can be so amazing. This chapel is already gorgeous. And! It isn't even close to being done with renovations yet!  If you feel lost in life or alone in the world this place of God would be the place to truly inspire and find yourself again.
5 Iglesia ni Cristo has 3 locations in the clark county. this is the smaller of the 3, but don't be fooled, 'cause it's growing faster. inside the main sanctuary, is beautiful with ornate walls, wood texture, bold colored- pews, and acoustics sound great with a choir. the lot has a good amount of parking. not yet finished, because there's a separate room for the children's worship service hall, coming up soon. 3 parking entrances/exits, for good flow of traffic and 2 main double- door exits.   brotherhood is real. people here are pretty much family.  lessons taught by the resident minister hit the heart and mind with lessons prepared by the main church administration strictly by the various versions of the bible. you'll be sitting in  your seat, letting each verse connect to your life. the hymns are just as spiritual. there's a bible study every day except for the 2 days there aren't any, because of worship service. aside from the usual, there are different organizational activities that cater to our age groups and/or social needs. for example, coming up, is our "Sports Mentor" volleyball camp.   if you're searching for a religion/church, you've just found it, so come by!
5 Hay, we're talking about GOD here. Nuff said. Actually I can go on and on about HIM, but that's not what this review is about. In order for you to communicate with HIM effectively, you need to acknowledge him in the best possible place you can be. The Iglesia Ni Cristo (Church of Christ).   Worship services are Sundays 7:30 am, 11 am, and 6 pm. Thursday 6:30 am, 5:30 pm, and 8 pm.  There are also bible studies Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays usually about the same time (around 7-7:30). Please feel free to stop by to verify or call for more info.   I encourage you to search for the truth.
