4 Can I just say I hope this place actually last-My man loves oxtail and after making our way to Mrs. Whites we both were highly disappointed. Now for Esther's the food was amazing-Oxtail, Red snapper, Jerk chicken and curry goat-All Amazing. Ordered the bread pudding but it wasn't ready :( Maybe next time. Good prices-$8-$12 with that you get rice, beans, steamed cabbage or potato salad. I can say this is the third restaurant in this location so I hope it last.
5 The best Jamaican food outside of Jamaica. I picked up both the oxtail meal and the curried goat meal. It's just me so my plan was to make it a Jamaican food weekend. Yesterday I had the curried goat and loved it. I can hardly wait to dive into the oxtails for dinner today.
5 great food great service and a great time love the ladies in this place
4 Located in an old strip mall at the Southeast  corner of 51st avenue and Olive in the location that used to house Restaurant 28 - I miss that place because they had the best catfish in town. Not just the catfish but the sauce that went over it. But this is not about them. It's about the new restaurant in it's place... So this place isn't much  - it isn't really some place you come for ambience  even though there are a few tables. They call it Food  To Go for a reason. Went there recently and it was hot  outside and they don't seem to worry about air conditioning because it was rather hot in the dining/waiting area. But that didn't matter. I was there to sample some Jamaican food. What I DIDN'T know was that I was about to discover Belizean food as well. Well, just one item - the Belizean tamale. So what? Just a tamale. Haven't you ever had a tamale before? Nope. NOT the same thing. The Mexican style tamales I'm used to are smaller and I can probably eat 5 or 6 of them in one sitting. This thing was like holey moley! It was HUGE! The size of a burrito at least. Heck this is an entire meal in itself. The regular maize meal with recado roja - a quite spicy and tasty paste. Inside of it they put a whole chicken drumstick. That's the Belizean way. Yup. Good? Heck yeah. Oh yeah. I also like their curried goat. They sell a huge dinner plate for about 9 bucks. The potato salad that came with the plate was delicious. So were the plantains and rice that came with it. They have a little selection of Jamaican grocery items at one side of the store that you can browse while waiting for your meal to be made. Lots of products by Grace - including the unfortunately named cock-flavoured soup. Why couldn't they just call it Chicken? But no matter. I bought a bunch of them for the next White Elephant at my workplace. Makes a great gag gift (no pun intended). Definitely will be back. Only gripe about this place is their hours are more suited for a bank than a  restaurant. You have to make it by 6 in order to get one of their dinner takeout plates.
5 Amazing Jamaican food!!! Coming from the east coast my wife and I are used to having access to great Jamaican food locally, however after moving to the Phoenix area we haven't been able to find that great, home made, real deal Jamaican food. Not so anymore, we have found our spot! Our first visit today, we had ginger juice, oxtails, jerk chicken, curried chicken, Belizean tamale, and of course we had to get a patty and some Coco bread. Absolutely loved everything we had! Thank you Esther! We'll be back soon, and as often as possible!
4 Belizean tamales.... yum!   I grew up eating these in Belize... they are unlike Mexican tamales, and this is the only restaurant in Phoenix that offers them!  They've been open 2 years, but I only found out about them yesterday - here on Yelp.  We stopped in for a lunch take-out (there are a couple of tables in the place if you want to eat-in, but it's a pretty small place) and had the curried chicken, oxtail, and Belizean tamales (the beef patties were missing from my order).  Ester and her son are very friendly, and she spent a good 1/2 hr in the back preparing our food - which is a good sign (unlike another caribbean restaurant I reviewed which simply reheated old food in 5 minutes).  The tamales took me back to Belize... wish she had left the banana leaves on them for take-out so it wouldn't dry out as much during the trip home, but I could taste the flavor it imparted on the tamale despite the absence.  You get only the tamale alone (no sides or fixings), but one tamale is a meal in itself.    The meals are substantial.... you get rice and beans, plantains, your protein of choice, and a salad (either potato or cabbage).  In our case, the curried chicken was great... moist, flavorful, and a reasonable amount for the price.  The oxtail was well cooked - it melted in your mouth - but the flavors were a bit mild - it could use a stronger flavor profile.  The rice-and-beans were Jamaican Style (which is a bit different from Belizean rice-and-beans), and well prepared.  Slightly dry, the rice absorbs the meat gravy quite well... yum!  The plantains were done well - it's hard to screw up plantains (although I've seen some places that managed to do just that - just not this place).  The potato salad was packed with flavor; I preferred it over the cabbage salad.  For take-out, they would be better served to not put the cold salad in the same take-out container as the hot meal; by the time we got home, the potato salad was a bit warm.  Packing it separately would help - will need to ask them to do that next trip (yes, there will be more trips there!).  They have a little section where you can buy caribbean ingredients, and a fridge of drinks that include ginger beer (just what you need for this meal!).    Their hours are funky; they close at 6p, which is awfully early for dinner service (even take-out!), and are closed on Sundays (misses the after-church crowd!)  I'd really like to give this place a 3.5 star rating, but alas, Yelp doesn't do 1/2 stars.  It's better than all the other Jamaican restaurants in Phoenix that we've tried to date and the Belizean tamales tip it towards the 4 rating instead of falling back to the 3 rating.  There are a few minor things they can improve (mentioned in this review) that could bump them to a higher rating, but the main key to success - good food and good value - are in place.  Next trip.... curried goat, cowfoot soup, and of course, more tamales....!  Yum!
4 This place is the spot. Will say that the peas and rice were a little over done but everything was still the bomb. I come from the east coast where jamaican good is authentic and something to look forward to. Until today I had only found 1 place that was good but it was what I call tippy jamaican. Not the home style way I had dinner tonight. The jerk chicken was killer the plantains absolutely mouth watering and washing it down with a kola champagne cola made me feel like I was back at the island.  I will be returning soon to grab a handful of meat patties that I wanted today but the customer behind me who was jamaican bought all 10 that were ready must mean they are as good as I hope they will be ill let the yelp world know tomorrow. Do yourself a favor if you like real jamaican try this spot... One
1 I paid about $10 for an oxtail meal and it had about 4 oxtail in the container. The gravy was flour-y and light brown. Disgusting food! I would never return! Try Caribbean Cuisine on 67th & Bethany Home.
3 Patties were good. I didn't have room in my stomach to try anything else. Small place. I'd go again.
3 Place was just OK, nothing to write home about, i had the jerk chicken rice & peas and steamed cabbage along with trying the belizean tamale. The chicken was tender and well seasoned, the rice & peas were overcooked and I wasn't sure what to expect with the tamale since this was my first time trying it but there was a full chicken leg inside it - bone and all...kind of weird but maybe that's the way it's suppose to be, also the breading was on the dry side I'm sure it was due to it not remaining wrapped in whatever it's orginally prepared in.  Miss Esther was nice enough.
1 I didn't give them 1 star because of the food. I have been wanting to try this place for a while. I work down the street from their location and I had been going to the Subway  that is across the parking lot from Esters, but recently me and my co-workers became ill from Subway's food so this was a perfect time to try Esters. Unfortunately they were closed. I arrived around 11:30 and they were locked up tight. Today is July 11th 2014. I know for a fact they were open 2 days ago. Maybe this is a fluke and they haven't closed forever.
