5 Kevin Schroyer who owns Primespec consulting is a terrific Home Inspector for single family properties in the Phoenix Metro area.  Kevin has been my home inspector of choice for years and I continue to recommend him without hesitation.  Prices are very reasonable, the reports are clear and meaningful and well worth what it costs.  A true professional, you'll just love Kevin.  Stew Keene - eXp Realty
5 Kevin was very thorough when he did the inspection of the house we are considering buying.  He took many photos and went over everything with us in detail.  He took extra time to answer all of our questions and gave us his cell phone number in case we had any further questions.  He even stopped by to check on some repairs that the seller was to make when he was in the area.  Thanks for everything Kevin.
5 I have used Kevin Shroyer as my exclusive home inspector for years. Kevin is a knowledgeable and experienced home inspector who is more than familiar with the different things that are a concern of any person buying a home in the general Phoenix area. Kevin stays current on all of the updates and licensing reviews that are required by the state just to maintain a license as a home inspector. He is personal prompt respectful and communicates well with others.   I very highly recommend Kevin and Primespec Consulting as a home inspection company.
5 Kevin was awesome! He was EXTREMELY thorough, which is exactly what you want when doing a home inspection. There was not an inch of the home that he overlooked. He pointed out a few potential major issues and several minor issues with the property we are purchasing. The appointment for inspection was scheduled upon the first phone call to Kevin, and he was out to inspect within 48 hours. He arrived exactly when he said he would and went over everything with us afterwards. He provided lots of pictures and great detail in his report. And his report arrived the same day of the inspection- no waiting! And the icing on the cake is that the prices for PrimeSpec are great! Most inspection companies wanted a great deal more and probably wouldn't have been as thorough. I would highly recommend PrimeSpec Consulting if you are in need of a home inspection- we will definitely use Kevin again!!
5 I've now used Kevin twice for home inspections and would highly recommend him.  He is thorough, and takes time to discuss the results and answer questions immediately.  Both of my experiences have been long distance so his knowledge of the area and its nuances were extremely helpful.  Kevin is very professional and a pleasure to work with.
5 Kevin did a 1 year warranty inspection for us and was very thorough and helpful. He found items for us that we would have never thought to point out to our builder. Thanks for your help and great expertise Kevin!
5 Great service, Very detailed report that made our buying decision easier. PrimeSpec was very friendly and was available last minute for us. Thanks again PrimeSpec!
5 Received a great comprehensive report with pictures.  He was able to answer all our questions and direct us when he could not.  He went over the report with knowledge and future suggestions for fixes that were needed.
5 My fiance and I just bought our first house. PrimeSpec had a great reputation, so we gave them a call.  Kevin was thorough, professional, and knowledgable. I would highly recommend him to another future home owner. He welcomes you being present during the inspection and will go over potential problems with the house as he sees them.
5 Very professional, friendly, and knowledgable. Kevin responded within the hour after we did an online inquiry.  Afterwards, delivered both, a telephonic and email confirmation.  Very informative brief of the inspection and took the time to answer any questions on the spot! To top it off, no hidden fees or surprises!! Highly recommended!
5 Kevin was great.  Hands down the best Inspector I have ever used.  He was great about getting me on the schedule asap, was on time, thorough, and reviewed everything with me and my realtor on site.  We received the full report the same day and everything was clearly stated and organized.  Will recommend him to everyone and will use his services any chance I get.
5 Fantastic service! He made the whole home inspection process easy and painless. He was punctual and professional. At the end of our inspection, he spent 40 minutes with us reviewing the full report and showing us important aspects of our home. We had the full report within a couple hours of our inspection. I will recommend to everyone I know!
5 Going into buying is extremely stressful and we are very fortunate to have found PrimeSpec. Kevin was extremely thorough and provided a very detailed report with a lot of pictures. He welcomes the buyer to be present during the inspection and to ask questions. His report was easy to follow and understand and even helped us to negotiate getting important things fixed before moving in! We would highly recommend Kevin to anyone needing an inspection!
5 Fast & Friendly.  He even came out on a Sunday!
5 We have a new home and our home warranty was expiring soon. Kevin came out on a Saturday and was very fast and payed attention to detail. There was no major concerns but he pointed out numerous defects that could of cost us money and problems in the future. He sat down with us at the end and went over the inspection report and what to point out to the home builders and why. We highly recommend him for any of your inspection needs!!
5 My realtor referred us to Kevin at Prime Spec Consulting and I'm so glad he did. Kevin was extremely thorough, professional and timely with his report. I feel confident that no stone has gone unturned and that we know what we're getting into. I would recommend Kevin to anyone including my friends and family!
5 Kevin did a very thorough and comprehensive home inspection in a very timely manner.  His rate was very fair and provided great value for the money.
5 Kevin did two home inspections for us and was very thorough. He went over all of his findings at the time of inspection, and his report followed quickly and detailed everything he discussed previously, including photos. He highlights things that should be repaired, safety concerns, normal maintenance issues, as well as things that should be monitored. He goes above and beyond and is very knowledgeable in many areas. I highly recommend Kevin!
