5 VERY imitated, NEVER Duplicated, Red Mango is the only real-deal Holyfield Fro-yo place in Vegas. Totally good for you, and better for the kids...Yogurtland? How bout Yo-MAMA! U-Swirl? are U-SERIOUS????  We needed to beat the Vegas heat, we stopped by this location..  Got the Vanilla with Strawberry and Mango Popping Boba....Yes, Popping Boba finally exists here in Vegas, but not at any Boba Tea joints(at least not yet) but is available at Red Mango(Boulevard Mall) and at other Wannabe fro-yo shops in town...ALOHA!!!
4 Dropped by to redeemed my LivingSocial certificate.  This location is inside the Boulevard Mall and does not have the comfy seating/lounging area as the Red Mango in Henderson.  But that aside, it offers the same menu of yummy Red Mango goodness.  As I have read of issues redeeming LivingSocial certificates at the other mall location, I verified that I am on their list to make sure that there are no glitch.  The waitperson was quick at finding my name and communication was not an issue at all.  I tried the new popping boba (which is not boba at all), more like a spherical strawberry or mango treat.  But I would have still prefer to have mochi bits as a topping offering.  Since I have ~$14 to spend, I ordered a large fro-yo and 2 smoothies.  The smoothies were good, although I think it costs more than some other smoothie locations around town.  Overall, it was a good experience and I look forward to visiting them when I am at this mall in the future.  Pleasantness of the staff:  5/5  Speediness of service:  5/5  Food:  5/5  Price:  3/5  Fairly priced  Cleanliness:  5/5  Seating:  3/5  Just the typical mall benches, and no tables. At least not in immediate vicinity of this Red Mango.
5 Often imitated (VERY often imitated), but NEVER duplicated. Red Mango has the best frozen yogurt anywhere. It's a perfect mix of tart and sweet, it's the perfect consistency, and their toppings are always fresh and delicious! I've tried many other frozen yogurt places and honestly, none of them are as good. Some come close, but RM is the best. Plus, it's not overpriced, and that's always a plus!
