3 Good customer service; however the prices are a bit costly; however I do think they do a good job.
5 I've been coming to Pony Express ever since the store was known as "Magic Touch Cleaners" and they've always done a great job with my laundry and dry cleaning.   The girls up front are always helpful and friendly when I come into the store, and they are quick to oblige in getting me my clothes cleaned and ready with a fast turnaround time.  I've found that the prices are good - competitive. If you're looking for a $2.00 cleaner this isn't it, you pay for the quality of service and cleaning that you get at Pony Express.
5 Great dry cleaner and alterations! Got my stuff done early and on short notice! I would recommend them to anyone! My boyfriend and I take our clothes here all the time and are always more than pleased. They keep you updated on all of your items if there are any issues too! Thank you!
5 Love the service and quality.  Always perfect garments when I pick up and love the staff!  They are very helpful in sorting out my pile when I arrive too.
5 The best dry cleaner in town!!!I actually found Pony Express on Yelp before they had any reviews and look at them now, rockstars! So so deserving. This place has done right by everything I have brought in and the best prices I have ever seen! The staff is the sweetest ladies always in the best mood! I look forward to picking up my clothes here, when I remember...
5 Best customer service ever at Pony Express! They go far and beyond the call of duty! I needed something cleaned and needed it that day because we were going out of town. It was past the drop off time but they said they would get it done for me. Whats worse is I forgot to come and pick it up...they were about to close and I got a call to come get my things! OMG! I would have been in a heap of trouble! They stayed open till I got there! I tell everyone about Pony Express! Not only do they do the best job, they're prices won't break you! Yeap...these people make you feel like family, especially Lou Ann and Barb. One of them is there when I go in and the other when I pick up. Its like going to Cheers after a hard days work! A refreshing smile coming and going! Thank you Pony Express for everything you do for us! Your simply the best!
5 Pony express has excellent customer service. They offer free of charge next day cleaning and the quality never disappoints. The pricing is very reasonable and the staff there are extremely friendly! I am very satisfied with Pony Express and have remained a loyal customer since moving to Scottsdale.
