4 I went here with my visiting best friend a couple of weeks ago for pedicures--I'd been complaining to her that Madison is a pedicure desert, with weirdly high prices all over town.  We saw a menu of services on the window and decided to try their pedis, since they were running a special--a full pedi with a hot stone massage was only $37 (there was a version that also included a scrub for $45, but I passed on it because I'd shaved my legs that morning).  They were able to give us immediate appointments, side-by-side, mid-day on a Sunday, which was nice.  They had a decent polish selection, mostly OPI and China Glaze, with quite a few green and blue options compared to most places, as well as the standard red/pink/purple.  The massage chairs were very nice, and I was impressed with the quality of the massage that we got with our pedicures.  After the hot stone massage, our calves were wrapped in hot towels with some kind of herbal oil that felt warm even when the towels had cooled, and left our legs pleasantly tingly.  For the price in Madison, I felt like it was a really good deal.  I have only two complaints: firstly, there was no one whose sole job was to watch the desk, which meant that when someone else came in off the street hoping to make an appointment, one of us was temporarily abandoned while the woman doing the pedi went and talked to that person.  Secondly, I noticed a few days ago, so about two weeks after the pedi, that there is a noticeable chip on my right big toenail.  I don't know if that's because they did a substandard job (although they had a UV light that they put us under to cure before we left), or if it was just bad luck on my part.  I would certainly be willing to go back and try them again to test it out!  If the chip was just bad luck, I'd say this was a better pedi at a better price than I've gotten at Alan Koa, though with a somewhat more limited polish color selection.  At $45, their "express" pedis are not nearly as relaxing as this one was.  A spa pedi at AK runs $55 and does include a paraffin treatment, but I think I actually prefer the hot stone massage anyway.
3 I went here for a full set of gels with acrylic French tips, and wasn't blown away (but not disappointed, either). I came for my appointment in the middle of the day, so desk service was quick. I believe Bella did my nails, and she was pretty good--nice, but not oppressively chatty. My one complaint was that she was kind of rough with my nails when filing. It also seemed like she was going quickly, like she wanted to get me done and on my way ASAP, even though there was no one else waiting. It's possible they're just accustomed to having more on-the-go clients, though, since they're located in the mall.  I ended up having to file my nails myself after I got home to get the right shape, but that wasn't entirely Bella's fault. I asked her to file them "a bit rounder," and she made them COMPLETELY round. She probably could have done it little by little, but I also didn't speak up because I hate being super nitpicky when I get my nails done.  Overall, it was a good enough experience, but not necessarily worth the $45 it cost for the full gel set. A gentler and more detail-oriented tech would've made it 4 stars for me.
5 Best pedicure I've had in a long time!
3 Went here today for mani/pedi. It was OK. Overpriced for the quality of work. I had to stop back after I left when I realized one of my nails was only painted 3/4. Probably wouldn't go back. Paid $70 for pedicure and no chip polish on the hands.
5 Love the pedicure they do here with hot stone massage and hot towels. It's amazingly relaxing. I tried some other pedicures in madison too but they were more like washing feet, removing cuticles and putting on nail color. This one is best so far.
5 This was my first experience at Fabulous Nails and Spa. I just moved to Madison and had tried 4 other places, all less than satisfying. I had a full set of gel nails applied and they look very natural! I like the short sport nail and the tech also applied a no chip French polish over the top. Sadie did such a good job on my nails that I asked for a pedi as well. Another job well done and so relaxing. I will definitely be back.
2 2 stars because the guy who did my Mom's mani/pedi was so patient and nice, but I can't see ever returning to this dimly lit salon at West Towne. Wayyy overpriced. Tired and grungy. And I tipped way too much because I always feel guilty for what shouldn't be a big deal -- mom is paralyzed on the left and can't move her own arm and leg on that side. A better nail salon would take it all in stride. My nail tech yawned and stretched the whole time, making me feel guilty for her being a nail tech. Not cool! I wanted to say "suck it up! I'm a nurse and you should try THAT for 12 hours!" It just felt unprofessional the whole time, and why would you pay $47 each for that? And that's for Mom not getting any polish and me only getting my toes polished!   I'm dumb. But only once.
