5 My short weekend jaunt to Edinburgh commenced with a lunch at Castle Terrace, a restaurant which was awarded a Michelin "Rising Star" in January 2011. Having read many glowing reviews of the restaurant, I came in with high expectations, and somehow, my dining experience exceeded these expectations. Chef Dominic Jack and his staff treated me to a fantastic meal, and I came away thoroughly impressed with the food, service, and overall experience offered by Castle Terrace.  Arriving for the 12 pm lunch seating on a rainy Saturday afternoon, I opted for the three course, £20 lunch prix fixe menu. Shortly after being seated, I was served an array of canapés which included crisp bread sticks, assorted cheese crackers, squid ink and basil pastas, and a tomato/olive cracker. The savory flavors permeating most of these small bites was a nice welcoming gesture. After placing my orders, I received an amuse bouche of tomato and basil salad with crumbled olives. Light and refreshing, this dish was aesthetically appealing as well, as the black olive crumbles, resembling finely crushed Oreo cookies, gave the appearance of fresh soil on the ground. Also, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the fantastic breads served with the meal. Given five choices - white, granary, three seed, onion, and spelt - the breads were all delicious, particularly the onion, which I had at least three pieces of.  For my first course, I opted for the Pork dish. Described as "Braised and seared Ayrshire pork belly, served with black pudding and apple," this dish was just as delicious as it was visually appealing. The pork belly had a nice char to it and was complemented nicely by the apple and jus on the plate.   My second course was the Rabbit option, and it consisted of a "Pithivier of braised rabbit from Roxburghshire, served with peas and carrots." With the pastry containing only rabbit meat and with the carrot and pea sauces smeared on the plate, the dish was sort of like a partly deconstructed pot pie. The pastry was nice and flaky, and the rabbit was nicely seasoned, albeit a bit too heavily with the salt.   I ended the meal with the Chocolate course, which was described as "Chocolate panna cotta and rice pudding, served with apricot sorbet." The pairing of chocolate with the apricot sorbet was a bit unusual, but the creamy panna cotta and rice puddings were both thoroughly enjoyable. A nice finish to the meal.  Service at Castle Terrace was impeccable, as I was treated well throughout the meal and was never made to feel rushed. In summary, the food, service, and atmosphere of Castle Terrace are first-class, and the lunch prix fixe is definitely a bargain. I actually had a more enjoyable meal here than at more well-known restaurants with more awards, and I fully expect Castle Terrace to land a Michelin star or two in the not-so-distant future.
5 Recently awarded its first Michelin star, Castle Terrace is one of the hottest restaurant tickets in town, at the moment. We'd heartily recommend that you sample their set menu lunch, which at £24 for three courses represents excellent value.  Overall, we said: "please join the queue to go and sample Dominic Jack's exceptional food. It's an absolute joy to behold and to savour. They are highly skilled in the kitchen and it is obvious in the quality of the dishes."
5 My wife and I recently spent our Honeymoon in Edinburgh and our dining experience at Castle Terrace was hands down the best dining experience we have EVER had. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing. We had ordered the food tasting with the wine pairing. It was out of this world! We were in the restaurant for over 4 hours we were having such a good time!  I can not recommend this restaurant enough if you are looking to splurge and celebrate.
5 AMAZING!!!  Recently awarded its firsy Michilin star, and its very much deserved!!. We opted for the lunch set course for £26.50 each! A real treat! I opted for salmon to start, cod for main and creme brulee for desert. We were treated to 3 little cute canapes to start, carrot and corriander amuse Bouche! We were alos given a selection of 4 fresh breads to eat..love fresh bread! Each course was a work of art and a delight on the eyes...oh as well as delicious!  After our meal, we had a latte and coffee and again were treated to another 3 little sweet treats....almond biscuit, macaroon and dark chocolate salted caramel. I took my partner there for his birthday, and they had a card written for him on the table from the chef Dominic and the team and then the waitress presented us with a small cake with a candle with 'Happy Birthday' written in chocolate!!! I will come back here for dinner sometime...possible when its bonus month!! :)
5 Ummmm, WOW!  Dominic Jack is amazing.    Service: was flawless.  The service was so amazing that we never actually needed anything throughout the meal.  It was like they could read our thoughts.  LOL.  The waitstaff worked as a team.  We counted 8-9 people attending to our table.  I've rarely received service as great as Castle Terrace even at the other high end restaurants that I've patronized.  Food: yummy and beautifully presented.  You really can't go wrong here.  Who knew that I would be a huge fan of Artic Char!    This restaurant really is a special treat.  I never thought I would find food this amazing in Edinburgh... glad that I was proven wrong!!!
3 As I read a torrent of rave reviews here on Yelp and also on Tripadvisor, I am feeling like a bit of a neanderthal for being fairly ambivalent about Castle Terrace.  My wife certainly knows all about spending a few quid on "nice things" (she claims it is a genetic defect) but even she reckoned most things on the menu were a tad overpriced.  While some reviewers may describe the staffing as "attentive" I would call it "overbearing", as we were served by at least 4 different members of staff during our visit - personally I didn't enjoy that variety.  I also found it quite odd that on a Saturday night there was no music playing or "atmosphere" of any particular note.  Far from wanting to linger and soak up the ambiance we were actually quite keen to move on.  There was also a wee debate at the table behind us when the diners refused to vacate their table and drink their coffee/whisky outwith the dining area.  My dishes (truffles to start and then lamb) were admittedly delicious while my wife enjoyed the scallops but wasn't so taken by the chicken.  I think for the prices on the menu you are entitled to expect the overall experience to be "wow", whereas it was definitely more "A-OK".
3 Service was quite slow between courses. Although the staff were friendly I am not sure why the gap between courses was so long. In one case I think we waited over 20 minutes before an amuse bouche came out.  The polypore was perfect with just the right balance of ingredients and wonderful flavors. I was not too keen on the cod or the cannelloni. The cod lacked flavor and the  cannelloni was odd in both taste and texture.  Giant Polypore- Locally foraged, pan-fried polypore mushrooms served with cod cheeks, pork collar, and persillade Ravioli of Dexter beef from Blackford Farm with majoram, orange confit, and mooli Cod-Poached fillet of North Sea cod, with squid cannelloni, garlic and parsley  Venison
4 Well what can i say... This place is faaaaancy! Amazing food, presentation, service! Slightly scary prices but then you are definitely paying for the whole experience. The staff really know what they're talking about and were able to recommend suitable wine for us to eat with our meal. I had the crab ravioli to start with and the monkfish for the main. The crab ravioli was fine, but the monkfish was fab! They are very attentive, which was fine as a one off, but I think this would personally annoy me slightly if this was always happening as it interrupts your flow of conversation. Only a small thing though. Overall I was really impressed with the whole experience.
5 Castle Terrace, a restaurant I actually walked by two years earlier on a previous trip sits only a few hundred feet from the castle signature of Edinburgh.  This was a proper romantic evening.  Oh sure, the girlfriend and I had enjoyed dinners before, but not like this, all dressed up the tens (way better than nines).  We took our seats in a secluded area able to be detached via curtains to the rest of the restaurant...which offered the illusion we were either special or pariahs not meant for the eyes to Edinburgh's elite.  I had already made the declaration that we would be tackling the tasting menu, an option I wished more restaurants would offer despite the intimidating price.  Flipping to the end of this tale, the meal cost me nearly $300 cdn for two, which included two glasses of wine and the additional extravagance of adding shaved truffles to my risotto...because apparently I liked the idea of eating something worth its weight in palladium.  So let me get all snobbish, pretentious, and a little patronizing, Castle Terrace didn't start the meal with an amuse bouche, rather we each received a small plate of canapés --a caper and cumin burger, a salt cod barbajuan, and a Caesar salad--all miniature bite-sized.  The latter was the most impressive, literally exploding in your mouth.  The bread which followed was served in its own toque-like bowl.  Yup, the bread came with its own adorable little hat.  The appetizer was a bizarre take on baked potato with cheese served in a ramekin.  This was shortly followed by the tartare of Loch Duart salmon served sushi-style with wasabi ice cream.  This was a favorite of both of ours--a true avant garde art piece.  The wasabi ice cream was a particular surprise.  The fourth dish was seared hand-dived Orkney scallops served with a light curry 'Castle Terrace' style.   Castle Terrace seems to revel in naming the origin of its ingredients, an attribute often seen in many high-end restaurants.  Personally I don't require it; they only exist to make the titles longer.  I don't know the importance of an Orkney scallop picked by hand over one pulled off the coast of Vancouver.  Is Orkney really that much better?    Then came the risotto made with organic spelt from Doves Farm--REALLY?  Is it that important where the grain came from?  While my girlfriend's risotto was topped by ox tongue and chirozo, mine was layered in wafer-thin truffle shavings.  It might have been more expensive, but mine wasn't as good as the one opposite of me, proof that price does not reflect value.  At this point, you would think we were done, but not, we still had three more courses to go.  The fish dish was my personal favorite--roasted fillet of North Sea (sigh) hake served with an Asian style broth poured at the plate.  The pork dish after was an immensely attractive fillet of Ayrsh--just pork, it was pork...served with braised fennel, smoked aubergine puree and basil gnocchi.  Finally the dessert was a bavarois of 'conference' pears served with a yogurt sorbet and rosemary caramel.  There were many details about the dishes I'm leaving out, like the way the pork sat in a sauce kept in place by the puree or that the broth for the hake was poured over it, sending its toppings cascading down the sides to form the ingredients of a soup.  Or how about that each dish had its own arrangement of cutlery; the fish dish was served with a large blunt knife and a trident.    Castle Terrace mixes the molecular gastronomic talents seen with Teatro but doesn't go as far in the realms of the bizarre, making each dish slightly more accessible.  The flavors were divine, marking Castle Terrace as a real jewel in the city.  Would I recommend it?  It depends if you have such money to set aside that you don't require for procuring shelter.  You have to really want such an evening, which we did.  With that out of the way, I'm not saying that you need to spend that kind of money to have a great experience in Edinburgh.  My review for Witchery was glowing and they cost barely half as much, the same goes for Shezan, which cost half THAN THAT.  Upon an inevitable return to Edinburgh, I can't see going to Castle Terrace again given so many options which would certainly cost a lot less.  But once in a life, I think everyone needs to take in a place like Teatro, Claridges, or Castle Terrace.  Pick whichever one is closer and go.  And take the girlfriend or wife, not the kids or your poker buddy.  I would also permit sister or mother because well...guilty as charged.  Is my review of Castle Terrace bias because it was a date?    Yup.    DECOR:  9 PLATING: 10 SERVICE:  9.5 FOOD:  10 VALUE:  7  OVERALL:  9.1 out of 10
5 Visiting from San Francisco, looking for great vegetarian food; we found this amazing restaurant. They had a separate vegetarian menu along with a vegetarian tasting option. We did the Tasting Option. All I have to say is Wow! The food was as tasty as it was beautiful, with service to match. Check out the wine list as well!
4 Castle Terrace isn't normally the kind of place we would choose to frequent.  We love great food but Michelin stars often mean something which is a bit beyond our price range and level of enjoyment.  Fortunately Castle Terrace's three course lunch is actually therefore quite a bargain (for what it is), coming in at just under £30/head.    On arrival we received three canapes which I'm actually seeing in someone else's picture - a deep fried ravioli, a mini burger and a "Cesar salad" in a bite. All good, but slightly more interesting and small than actually truly tasty. I'm also a bit surprised that they seem to have been serving the same canapes since at least the end of 2013.   Following the canapes, we were treated with a "cheesy baked potato" amuse bouche, which was absolutely brilliant.  Give me a vat of that.  Our starters were both lovely - The Man opted for the Gurnard tartare and I had the crispy Ayrshire pork, though admittedly mine was a bit on the tough/dry side. The taste was great, though.  Our mains were the highlight.  I had the Hake on Thai style veggies which was absolutely phenomenal except for the old, hard broad beans which could have been easily left out.  The Man fell in love with his squid cannelloni and thought the spelt risotto was the best he'd ever had.  Following the bites, the amuse bouche, the gorgeous warm sourdough (which I forgot to mention), starters and mains, we were pretty stuffed.  But, it's a three course set menu so might as well get desserts, right?  We also fancied coffees, so each ordered a creme brulee and an espresso.    The espresso arrived with three little petit fours which were certainly a nice touch but at that stage were incredibly overboard. Especially considering they, like the canapes, were rather nicer looking than they were tasting.  We were, therefore, rather put off by the fact that we were ultimately charged for these petit fours that we didn't order. Our bill noted that our espressos were something like £5 each, which included the petit fours. I found this quite cheeky considering we only ordered coffee and goodness sake, £5 for an espresso?  I think not.   Overall it was a very enjoyable experience. The service was attentive without being oppressive, and professional without being cold. The food was very good, but I just slightly felt overall that creativity was slightly lacking.  Maybe the lunch menu is affordable for a reason and the true stars are the full price dishes, but I don't imagine I'll ever find out.
