5 I have never had my butt kicked so hard as at The P.I.T.T.! The Performance Institute for Training and Therapy is a unique experience in group fitness. Every class session is different, using muscle confusion and constant movement to enhance fitness, promote healthy body weight, and prevent injury. The trainers get to know you by name and are genuinely interested in seeing you get to the best shape of your life. Being in a group fitness environment like at The P.I.T.T. encourages pushing yourself to be better every session. I have been going here for three years now and have made leaps and bounds in my fitness, losing 15 pounds and 10% body fat! I would encourage anyone in a fitness slump, or just looking to mix-it-up a bit, to check out The P.I.T.T.!
5 I've been physical all my life. Paid tons of money for personal trainers, memberships to local giant gyms and felt I've always struggled to get to where i want to be. After joining the PITT, my body made some great changes and it only gets better. The training here is very unique and every class is different. The classes are awesome and as hard as you train you always feel challenged. The instructors are very in tune with each and every person in the class. There's a lot of sweating, a lot of laughing and most importantly a lot of pay off! I am completely hooked!
5 Love them!   I've been a client for about 4 years.   It's the best work out in town.   Love that it's always different.  Muscle confusion!   They want you to succeed in your fitness goals and can adapt a work out if you have an injury.   They are the best.  Morgan rocks!  :-)
5 Love this gym-would never go anywhere else!  Not a workout person and I actually look forward to going.  The ENTIRE staff is wonderful.
5 The Pitt is the most awesome fitness experience I have ever had! The trainers and facility are simply the BEST! Better than all the rest! Sounds like a song right?
3 Good facility, a bit overpriced and with all of the competition out there,  there are similar places for lower costs
