5 Fish tacos are good here and definitely worth trying. The chile relleno burrito is the best I've had from any mexican fast food joint I've been to; filiberto's, aliberto's, losbetos (tucson), nico's (tucson)
5 Definitely the best mexican food in az soo far everything you get Is good!  You cant really pick a favorite dish everything they make is good.  It is always jam packed but it is well worth the wait :)
5 We ate here on a whim after dropping a friend off nearby. Holy Cripes! It was very good. Tastes like the homemade food your mexican friend's mom makes. I tried the fish taco combo ($5.99) and couldn't finish the entire plate. My girlfriend had the green chile beef burrito and enjoyed it. Said it reminded her of her mom's cooking (hence the reference to the mexican friend's mom's cooking). Blink and you'll drive past it. Awesome!
5 ERMAHGERD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This INCREDIBLE source of Mexican has been right under my nose for years, and I just tried it for the first time last week! So far the Carnitas are the best in the 480 - at least. I can't not order the Steak, egg, sausage, and cheese burrito also... yes, you heard me.. not just steak egg and cheese.. it's.... ALSO GOT SAUSAGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not greasy! High quality meats! I'll probably be having my 3rd meal this week from Taquitos Jalisco super soon, and I'll try a few more items. This destroys all other "to's" places. Wow, just WOW!
5 Places like this are USUALLY a dime a dozen in Mesa, not this place. Best authentic Mexican food around, no joke! If you don't like it, I'll buy your meal!
5 My favorite go to place for Mexican food!! Awesome food, awesome prices!
5 Some of the BEST Mexican Food in the Valley and close to work. Reminds me of what I get when I am in San Diego. Been eating here at least twice a week for the last year and it is always tasty. They have take out, drive through, indoor and outdoor seating if you want. Always very clean inside and out. Family owned and run. They take great pride in delivering fantastic fresh favors with large portions for an affordable price. They have several combo plates with rice and beans on the menu or you can just order a la cart which I prefer. Tacos, Burritos, Tortas, Cheese Crisp, Nachos, Fish and Shrimp dishes, Authentic Soups, Soda Pops, and Deserts. Too many items to list them all here. Some of my favorites would be the fish tacos, shrimp tacos, chile rellenos, carnitas, carne asada, fajitas, al pastor, breakfast burritos of all sorts. They are very friendly and will make what ever you want pretty much. Great Salsa Bar also with fresh hot carrots and jalapenos, cucumbers, limes / lemons, and 4 different salsas. Simplemente fantástico!
5 Best mexican fast food in the Mesa area that I've found so far.  I personally find their crunchy tacos are more well seasoned then their traditional soft tacos. Which is a little weird; but I imagine, they're more popular anyways.  They have the best fast food enchiladas I've ever tasted hands down!   I also have had the chile relleno which was a little too coated.  I think there was more batter than chile relleno and they didn't deseed the chile so it was mega hot; but still tasty. Also had the beef sope, which was good, but I found out I'm not a huge fan of lots of masa.  Their pastor tacos were a little dry and not completely trimmed of fat, so watch out.. Similar situation with their steak and chicken soft tacos--dry meat. But for $1 a taco, you can't really complain.  The soft tacos are the size of street tacos but loaded with meat.  The crunchy are your normal size and are a little more expensive.  Their rice is pretty exceptional since it has chunks of carrot in it and their refried beans are not that bad either.  For some odd reason, when we've had leftovers, they're better the second day.  I'm guessing it's because it was fresh when we got it.  They've got a drive thru which is pretty nifty.  We did eat in one time but I ended up being the only female there and was pretty uncomfortable until some other gals walked in.  The neighborhood's a little rough but it still could be worth going in for their salsa bar which includes an avocado salsa and limes--they have to go containers for their salsa bar.
5 I have been going to Taquitos Jalisco for several years. I have introduced my friends and family to them and we all love it. All I can suggest is that you bring a wheel chair with you to the restaurant because they spare no expense on the portions! You may need to be wheeled out to your car...
4 If you are in the mood for quick, authentic and delicious Mexican street food, this place deserves a visit! The mixed asada and pastor tacos served with a whole grilled onion are terrific. The meat in the tacos is crispy, which is reminiscent of push cart vendors in Mexico. I swear the quesadillas are made with home made flour tortillas and the cheese is authentic gritty queso quesadilla.   Oh, and the little salsa bar has a variety of tasty salsa's with which to drench your tacos.   Definitely will be back. If you are in Mesa, give them a try!
4 The two things that keep this very good mexican restaurant from graduating from Arizona mex to authentic Mexican food are gringo cheese instead of Mexican queso & limones along side the yellow lemons on the salsa bar. These two things & using bag-in-the-box instead of brewed iced tea prevent me from giving it more than a 4 star rating.  The chili in the chili relleno was excellent. With queso panela, Chihuahua, or Oaxaca it would be stupendous. The four salsas were all very good to excellent.  If I were in the neighborhood limited on time, I wouldn't hesitate to eat here, otherwise i'd head to the Taquitos Jalisco on Gilbert Rd.  It's the real deal. If you're at the Gilbert restaurant & feeling adventurous, try their birria (shredded goat stew). It's to die for.
5 My new favorite Mexican restaurant.  I have been to the other Taquitos Jalisco many times on Gilbert road, I like that place a lot, but this is even better.  The food is fresh and delicious... The salsa you get with the chips and salsa is probably the best I have ever had.  Can't say enough good things about this restaurant.
5 Best Mexican food in the area! The Carnitas tacos are amazing! The taquitos aren't super greasy! And the fish taco was awesome!! Def my go to Mexican place!
5 5 stars for the best lenqua salad bowl from a drive through run down looking taco joint.  I ate the whole fried corn bowl with a coating of the best loaded with lard frijoles.  If you don't know what lenqua is, then you won't like this place as it is made for vatos like me.  Wait, I just remembered I'm Asian but this food makes me wanna be a low rider looking for some great comfort Mexican food.  The salad, lenqua and the sauces were excellent.
5 Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Mark R., Robyn N., Norm R. and Mike C.  It's a little place but stylishly decorated and the prices are very reasonable.  I went with a Chile Relleno Lunch Special, which includes a cheese enchilada and a hard taco and a drink for $5.99, & added Refried Beans & Spanish Rice for $1.99.  Every bite of this meal was super good & I can't wait to return & try other items from the menu!     :-))
5 When Rand H. told me that our lunch group was having a UYE here, I looked up the yelp reviews for the place and decided that I *must* go. And I'm glad I did! I had the fish, chicken, and carnitas tacos - all really good, especially the carnitas where the pork was slightly crispy, the way I like it. I also ordered a chile relleno and it was the best I've ever had - so flavorful and tasty that I easily finished it even though I already felt full after eating the tacos. This place is quite a distance from where I live but I definitely wouldn't mind coming here again and again; it's certainly worth the drive.
4 Went with a large group from work. Excellent food. Low cost. I think everyone enjoyed their food. Only complaint I would have was that the carrot and jalapeno mix at the condiment bar was not very spicy at all. Would go back for lunch again.
4 Taquitos Jalisco serves up Mexican street food common to the state of Jalisco.  You might be more familiar with the state capital city, Guadalajara.  This particular restaurant has a "sister" property on Gilbert Road that I've heard has better tasting food than this location.  Hmmm... I may have to find out!  as this was very good Mexican street food!  There's a bandwagon forming for Taquitos Jalisco and it's making stops in Mesa!  Let me jump on the bandwagon for a ride too!  I missed the Yelper Lunch UYE here in April, but I scheduled my lunch group to go here this month.  I'd heard from Robyn N and Rand H that the place was small, but had no idea that by small they meant TINY!  The international lunch group that I organize was about 14 deep for lunch!  We were smart enough to arrive early.  Every table was taken once we got in the door.  Thankfully, it was not terribly hot outside and the tables outside were still open.  We gladly occupied those tables under the shade with the roar of the traffic on Broadway whizzing by.  I sat next to my buddy Dawn K and we split our food!  I ordered 3 carne asada Tacos and 2 Tamales.  I will say that I was disappointed with the Tacos.  The carne asada was a little dry for me.  But still tasty enough to enjoy.  The tamales were fantastic!  I split one of my tamales with the entire group so that everyone could get a taste.  But I saved the other for myself for lunch the next day!  Dawn K ordered a platter with 3 things on it.  Enchilada, Taco and a Chile Relleno.  I tried some of her Chile Relleno!  The chile relleno was extremely good.  It was my favorite thing that I tasted.    I did not try it, but one lunch'er raved about the fish tacos and Robyn N also said their fish tacos were very good.  A slip of the brain as I would have ordered that instead of the carne asada taco.  Everyone in the group was happy, even the vegetarian lunch'er was happy with his veggie burrito!  Score!  This place is worth stopping in and trying.     Remember, this is definitely a DIVE!  The parking lot is also very small.  It is on the north side of the street.  Pay attention.  The building is so small, you will likely drive past it and miss the turn.
5 Really good food! Like Filibertos but way better.  People are always friendly.  Tried the rolled tacos and machaca breakfest burrito like them both.
5 Best shrimp tacos in Mesa! Hands down. Everyone who works here is so darn friendly. I love this place! Best Mexican food in PHX as far as I'm concerned.
3 Tasty Mexican street cooking but I have to take away a star for the pasty canned tasting beans, and the not-so-fresh fish tacos. I can say that Rubios makes a really fresh taco surprisingly for a fast food type place. The rice was moist and had a really peppery taste which I preferred but you may not. The fish tasted oily like it had been sitting aside in its cold, oily fried batter and then fried again in not so very fresh oil.   Since I have been cooking this type of food since I was 5, I can safely gauge that this was acceptable Mexican food but that's it. I would probably return here to try something else, perhaps fish tacos are not their thing.
4 Good traditional mex in my opinion.  My husband got the al pastor and it was DELISH! I kept picking the meat of his plate.  I had the cheese enchilada, chile relleno and crunchy taco with rice and beans and the plates are HUGE. Luckily this makes good left overs. Definitely check it out and get the pastor. So good!
4 What large, filling burritos. The salsas were tasty and the cucumbers/pickles were also tasty. Good horchata. Prices were really cheap. The tortilla seemed a little oily rather than just steamed.
5 Thanks to Mark R for introducing me to this place or I'd never have found it. On the outside it looks like all the other dumpy run down Mexi places in Mesa, but on the inside they have amazing food!  Not only is the food good the prices are cheap.  I also love that they have a drive thru that is quick.  My favorite thing to order is the #12 daily special, for less than $6 you get 2 fish tacos and 2 carne asada tacos with a drink.  The tacos are the small street tacos, but they sure are filling.  I had never had fish tacos until I came here and they are one of my most favorite foods now.  Their steak quesadillas are delicious too.  If you eat/go inside they have a small salsa bar and all of them are tasty with a good amount of heat.    If you're in the area stop in and check it out. Yum!
5 Discovered this place driving by it on Broadway, just east of Alma School. Lots of taco shops in the valley, but this one has a few things that simply make it better than the average slew of "(insert random name here)berto's" type places. First off, the tortillas they use to make the burros are delicious, almost as good as Carolina's.  My favorite item is the shrimp burro.  The shrimp are nice/firm, combined with rice and other filling to create an extremely tasty burro!  They offer a Diablo version of the same if you are feeling spicy! Their breakfast burros are also quite tasty.  Other items I've tried include hard shell tacos, taquitos and these tasty bags of tortilla rounds they either bake or fry and coat with sugar and cinnamon.  Simple, yet delicious! I have no opinion on the refried beans as I usually don't have them on or with anything I order. You can dine in (a few tables inside) or go through the drive thru.  I recommend going inside to see all the tasty options on their menu board. (You will find misspellings on the board, but hey, I'm more concerned about the food and service than an absolutely correct translated menu board) Is the place perfect, no, but what is?! I would agree with one of the other reviewers, that the fish tacos are not the best choice here.  Also, they have been a little slow on preparing orders a couple times, but it's always been worth the wait. Lastly the place is always very clean and the staff are very nice!
3 Food was tasty and prices were reasonable. There's just a lot of competition in the family run, homemade style mexican food catergory. This one is great place to go if it's in your neighborhood, but there are others out there just as good.
4 Tonight we decided to drive until we saw an authentic looking Mexican restaurant and give it a try. Our adventurous quest served us well! We shared a Pastor Quesadilla. It was delicious and plenty for the two of us. The service was quick and the place was clean as a pin. I can't wait to go back and try the street tacos.   Note that this is not a mexican restaurant with bowl of chips on the table. I found it refreshing not to be stuffed on chips when the food arrived, but if that is a problem you can probably purchase some chips to eat with the salsa on the salsa bar.
5 Hands down my favorite mexican food in all of phoenix! I also agree with other reviews and say their Fish Tacos are the best!! But all around, excellent food in an authentic restaurant with very reasonable prices! A++
5 Think I found my Mexican jam! 2 visits so far & the food is bomb! Very clean establishment, lots of food, salsa bar, best darn horchata!!!!! I'll be tearing this place up mucho mucho!
4 Liked the veggie burrito a lot and the flan not so much.  But again I liked the veggie burrito A LOT!!!!!!
5 Awesome place!  The tortillas are actually made with lard, so they are top notch.  The carne asada was lean and the taquitos were extra crunchy.  All at an affordable $5.99.  The only downside was the price for drinks.  $2.50 for a large soda with no free refill.  Overall, very, very good.
5 Discovered this place using Yelp.  We were looking for authentic Mexican food close to our hotel.  Ratings were great, so we went. Unbelievably good!  Excellent salsa!  Margaritas were the best we have ever had!  This is now one of our top stops on our yearly trip!
4 Went here for lunch. Not much curb appeal, but the inside is quite charming. It has an authentic Mexican décor. They have a wide variety of items, some that are not usually found on traditional Mexican menus. The food was excellent. We didn't leave here hungry. The only thing that was a little annoying, was they charged me 50 cents for using plastic instead of cash.
5 Really delicious and inexpensive mexican food.  Great staff who love the food and know how to describe it. Our favorites include tamales, fish tacos, cevich toastadas, shrimp quesadillas and steak tacos. Excellent salsas and sauces. Has a popular drive-thru and catering too. The best mexican food we have had in the east valley.
4 Food was great.  Had the steak and potato burrito.  Big burrito for under 5$ could t go wrong with that.  Fresh and very hot.  Would recommend to anyone
4 Tried this place because of all the good reviews. Bast thing is the tortillas - another reive said they were almost as good as Carolina's and it's true!  I used the drive thru and the wait was about 5-6 minutes, not bad for made to order. The staff was friendly and the food was good.
5 My first time came here because of what i read on Yelp! first thing I noticed lots there were lots of local Mexicanos eating here..GOOD sign! Very friendly staff!  I noticed they do not automatically serve Tortilla Chips & Salsa...had to order it separately the salsa bar was clean, well stocked & tasted exceptional! I noticed a lady coming every 5 to 10 mins to replenish & clean the salsa bar! Excellent service! Highly recommend this "hole in the wall"
5 hands down best tacos i've had in arizona.... EVER...
5 Best authentic Mexican food in the East Valley. I'm set in my ways and get the carne asada burrito every time (been going here 6 years), and it has never disappointed. They don't pack your burro full of potatoes or beans, but instead you'll get tons of good beef with the perfect balance of onion and beans. Love the beans. Oh, and regardless the item on the menu, you'll leave VERY full for under $7 bucks.
5 This delightful little hole-in-the-wall was wonderful!! Traveling on business, I brought out my trusted friend Yelp to help me decide on lunch.  Mexican sounded good, and the reviews had me excited to try it.  At first, I almost didn't go here, because as I was driving by I questioned whether it was the kind of place safe for a single woman (surrounded by car repair shops, etc) but I decided that nothing on the reviews said anything about it not being a safe neighborhood so I decided to go for it. And so glad I did!!!    The inside is small, but you really felt transported to south of the border.  I had the diablo shrimp burrito and a tamale.  I always get a tamale at Mexican restaurants to use as my measure of comparison- there's did not disappoint!  The meat was plentiful, and it had good flavor.  And the shrimp inside the burrito was maybe the best I've ever had at a Mexican restaurant.  It was plump, moist, cooked perfectly and there were plenty of them!  I couldn't finish the burrito but I did dig through with my fork to make sure I didn't miss any shrimp.  The "diablo" aspect of the burrito definitely made it spicy, but a good spicy.  It wasn't burn your lips off hot, but it was enough to need a refill on my water.    I also really enjoyed the salsa bar.  It was incredibly fresh, and very clean!  I really liked their tomatillo salsa- it was creamy, tangy, and had the slightest kick of spice.  The service here was friendly and prompt.  The restaurant was clean, though the bathroom door near the knob could stand a quick scrub.    All in all, this place was incredible!!!  If I'm ever back this way again, I will absolutely be back.
5 Awesome place! This place has phenomenal  tortillas, very authentic!! We came late at night and asked for breakfast the lady said sorry we only do it in the morning and then immediately came back on the speaker and told us the cooks would do it for us! We asked a lot about what was in what on the menu and they were very helpful! Also great prices can't beat dinner for 2 for less than $15!! Definitely will be back and highly recommend it.
5 I think I had th #14 with taco cheese  enchilada an chilly relano.." gringo spelling"  for 5.50 cant beat it with a stick.. great deal an the food amazingly good ...very nice 4 the price ...
3 The tacos were greasy and unflavorful. I was quite disappointed with my order. There was also dirt on the floors and the people making the food didn't speak much English
5 The best Mexican good in Mesa !! Nice clean place amazing good !! Thanks yelp for guiding me there !
5 Fish tacos = Excellent.  I will be going back again this week just for these.  The creamy, spicy sauce was addictive.  Rice and beans = Even these were a cut above.  The refried beans had this smokey note to them that kept me interested.  Flan = Dessert was well crafted and huge.  I could only eat half.  Would have tried the Tres Leches Cakes, but they were sold out.  Service = Very friendly.  Clean restaurant.  Reasonable wait time.
3 At first I was EXCiTED to try it out!!  I got the fish taco combo! Now it was good but not gr8! The beans tasted like they were from a can and the rice portion was soo small. The fish taco was fairly small. The meal alone was $8 which I think should have been more around $6.   My BF got the shrimp quesadilla. Which was $8 too. The quesadilla was greasy! I was extremely bummed of the overall taste!  I don't know if I'll be returning back!
5 I was in Mesa for business and had a craving for tacos. The location does not scream delicious as it is a little hole-in-the-wall, but the food is awesome.   I ordered a couple tacos al pastor and a couple shrimp tacos. The al pastor tacos were pretty good, but the definite standout were the shrimp tacos. The tacos came with a cabbage salad and a creamy sauce that both added greatly to the success of the dish.  The shrimp was succulent and not dry in the least.  After finishing eating, I wish I would have skipped the tacos al pastor and just gotten another shrimp taco   If you have a craving for Mexican food I highly recommend trying out the restaurant.  I went on a Friday night and it was pretty packed so the food took 10-15 minutes to come out, but it was well worth the wait.
5 I don't go to Mesa often, but when I do...it's for this place right here!  I had a difficult time finding delicious Mexican food that served Lengua tacos and this place does it justice...and they got the salsa bar too with the spicy carrots.  It's a hole in the wall and that's what I love about this authentic place.
4 A very pleasant find.  Some small independent shops just don't seem to care - they're running on autopilot - while others pay attention to details.  I think of it as "intentionality".   This little place is clearly run by someone who is intentional: it is clean, well lit, uncluttered and well maintained.  Things are organized: from their ordering system (stationary iPads), to the kitchen and the staff.   The food was very tasty.  I had the simple #11 Daily Special: a large cheese Quesadilla and 3 rolled tacos with guacamole. Everything was well prepared and properly cooked - no lumps of un-melted cheese - the tacos were hot, the guac,lettuce and cheese garnish were cold.  And even though I took my food to go, it was placed in the "to go" box as carefully as if I were eating in. I've tried a few places like this that I wouldn't take my family to.  Taquitos Jalisco is now on our family-approved list!
1 Their entrees lacked flavor that I sampled and had more grease than anticipated. Que lastima!
5 Let me tell you something and I will make it quick. If you don't believe you can get quality authentic real Mexican food at an affordable price than you obviously have not been to Jalisco. Do yourself a favor stop driving around and go there.
5 Thank goodness for yelp reviewers or I would have never found this place! I am in heaven, fish tacos & re fried beans with amazing hot sauce selection. Yum!
5 As good as advertised...  A complete whole in the wall in the middle of nowhere, but possibly the best Mexican Food in the PHX Surrounding market.  Pastor tacos all day long.
4 Very enjoyable!  It's difficult to find restaurants that make good Spanish rice! We'll come back!
4 Great food, and great value. A hearty Carne Asada burro plus 3 rolled tacos and a drunk for under 7 bucks? Yuuuuup.  Good food, short wait times, good salsa bar. This place is one of those "hole in the wall" joints that you'd never even notice if somebody didn't point it out to you.
5 The best mexican food in the East Valley, period. Authentic, cheap, and high quality. I have had almost everything on the menuband it has all been amazing.
5 My boyfriend and I loved this place! The fish tacos were incredible! The veggie burrito was also very delicious. The two young girls working the counter were super nice and helpful, I will definitely come back here.
1 My one star rating has nothing to do with the quality of the food the food is actually very good. Management needs to get their act together put a sign with their correct business hours. It says it's open from 7 to 10 p.m. On Wednesday I showed up at 7:45 a.m. And waited until 8:20 a.m. Still nothing I called the phone number that was provided on Yelp no answer I knocked on the door people were cooking in the kitchen the manager was mopping the floor nobody responded. By the time I left there were 3 other people waiting to getting in and eat. It's obvious the management doesn't care about their customers with her lack of respect for the customers may be that is their culture who knows its sad they have great food & piss poor service.
