5 I've long been a customer of AJ Bombers Milwaukee and when I moved to Madison I was sad to have lost it. Now that they have recently opened their new location in Madison, all is right with the world again.  As a veg*n, there are few burger places that you can go to get *good* veg*n burgers. AJ Bombers has my favorites - both their regular veggie burger as well as their black bean burger are delicious. Their fried cheese curds are served with the tasty Bombers sauce and you've eaten them all before you even realize it.  While the food is *amazing* the real draw to AJ Bombers for me is the atmosphere. Because I talk to the staff all the time over twitter (@ajbombers and @ajbombersmsn), it's great to be greeted as a friend walking in the door. Bombers is heavy into social - you can get deals through checking in on Foursquare and even have the bartender send you a p-nut bomb (it's just what it sounds like - a metal container that slides along the ceiling - filled with peanuts - that refills your table's peanut bowl when it hits the target above your table!) by asking for it over Twitter.  For cyclists - the bike parking is ample and safe, which makes me feel good about leaving my bike outside for the couple hours I hang out inside and hang out with my friends - both the ones I'm eating with and the ones that work at Bombers.
5 I'm a longtime fan of AJ Bombers original location in Downtown Milwaukee, so when they opened a second location about an hour West of our home my wife and I decided to give it a try.  I often worry that a second restaurant based on the first won't be as good but that's not the case at all with AJ Bombers Madison location. Let's start with the ambiance. They've raised it up a notch. The location is bigger and the furniture and fixtures are all custom built for the WWII Aircraft theme. Even the barstools have bombs under them (not real ones of course).  And then there is the food. I had the Madsconnie a burger made of 1/2 grass fed beef and 1/2 bacon all ground together. Wow! Just amazing and served on a spicy herb cheese bread only available in Madison Wisconsin.   Finally, the service is outstanding. Much of the staff is made up of college kids as you might expect. They are friendly energetic and were attentive to our needs. The manager on duty even stopped by to make sure everything was tip-top...and it was.
5 Kid friendly, adult friendly, even my vegetarian wife friendly. Great damn burgers. Try the Mad Sconnie with P-nut butter.  And don't get me started about frickle Friday...
4 The food is solid (but not spectacular), but the atmosphere is what sets this place apart.  With peanut "bombs" going everywhere and peanut shells liberally sprinkled over the floor, this place is not fancy.  Nor is it somewhere you'd want to take anyone with a peanut allergy.  I had a peanut butter burger, which was very tasty.  If you like peanuts, burgers, and a college restaurant atmosphere, you'll most likely enjoy eating here.
1 This place gets a star for the atmosphere...and that's it.  I'm not sure why people here are so stoked about the burgers, but when you compare this to places like The Old Fashioned and Dotty Dumplings, AJ Bombers is pure crap. Soggy bun, mediocre beef (they actually charge you MORE for better beef), and little seasoning--this is not a good burger. Hell, you'd be better off just going to Five Guys--it's right on par with this overrated piece of mediocrity.  So, here's my advice--ignore the reviewers on here who apparently have never been to ANY other burger place in Madison, and go to a place that knows how to cook a damn good burger. Sadly, AJ Bombers' is not that place.
3 I want to like this place, I really do.  While they may claim to be the best in Milwaukee, this doesn't hold much weight when you get to Madison.  I feel AJs has a tough road ahead of them as the level of competition is so strong around this location.  I can name at least 7 in walking distance that can compete with them on any given day (Tipsy, Old Fashioned, Coopers, Fountain, Plaza, Dotty's, even 5 Guys).  Yes, they are great at using social media but the food has to deliver.  I want to give them my business but with all the other places, it simply doesn't stand out.
3 Has the right look and feel of a great fun bar/restaurant.  Hostess was there to seat us, and there were enough peanut shells on the ground that you could of slipped and fallen.  They hand you a paper menu to fill out (which is different but seems like a waste).  All burgers are cooked medium to well done unless you ask.  Patties on the burgers are thin, so if you want more meat you will need to double or triple up.  Buns were good but there is too much bread for a single patty.  Fry's are just your standard Sysco bulk restaurant brand and were heavily salted (fresh cut on site is the way to go).  Grass fed beef is available at an extra $3.50 (You'll pay +$10.00 just a burger).  They will never receive a "Best Burger of Madison Award".  With the Old Fashion, Coppers, The Dane, Dotty's and the Nitty all within walking distance and all of them have better burgers (and more options other then fry's) at better prices.  They need to eye up what is around them or they will bomb out in Madison...
5 I'm a fan of everything they have to offer. Love the burgers and appetizers. Love the atmosphere. Love the service. Two recommendations: the Barrie Burger and Buffalo Chicken Eggrolls.
1 Such a disappointment. All bells, no whistles. Friendly, but gimmicky, over priced and unfortunately not very tasty.
3 The burgers were flavorful-- you can really taste the bacon mixed in the patty. Fries were crispy and delicious. Could take or leave the atmosphere, seemed like a "frat boy" kind of hang out. Prices were decent for what you got. Great service. Think they could chill out when it comes to the peanuts.   All in all: Meh. Won't go out of my way to come here again. There are just too many great burger joints in Madison, and this one isn't at the top of my list.
2 I went for lunch and it was unimpressive. One patty is thinner than a Burger King patty. It could've have been any kind of meat because I couldn't taste it at all. It was expensive for a lunch. I had the weekly special burger, fries, and a soda $13.45 without tip. I sat at the bar and dealt with the bartender yelling "Peanuts"  the whole time. Fries were nothing special, typical Sysco fries. save your money and go to the Tipsy  Cow or The Weary Traveler for much better burgers.
2 Maybe I'm getting old.  Maybe they're trying too hard.  The graffiti on the walls is inauthentic and sort of lame.  I am glad I do not have a nut allergy.  The burger I had was thin and dry, the fries were ok.  I had a beer, it was cold.  I am sure this place does well with college kids, but maybe not as much as it could. There are so many better places for a burger right by this place - plaza, dotties, five guys, hawks pub.... i could keep going.  It's a gimmick.  The 10 bucks I spent on lunch didn't satisfy me.  If you like dry burgers and faux punk alternative stuff come one down!  I give it a year.
4 Stumbled in here after some heavy drinking for Mifflin. I've been to the Milwaukee location a few times so I knew what to expect.  I had the Milwaukee burger and it was pretty good. I've never really put AJ's burgers at the level that it seems everyone else puts them. Yes, they're good, but not elite. The sauce that they have though is outstanding. Tangy and kind of sweet = AWESOME. The buns are really good too. I just think its dumb though to basically have an a la carte menu. Why can't you just have fries come with the burgers? Why does everything need to be separate? The prices for the burgers also seem pretty high for what you get. The service we got was great though, the waitress was very attentive.  Overall, it's a pretty good place to have a burger, especially when inebriated.
1 I've been dying to go to $1 burger night for some time.  Experienced it for the first time and not only did it not live up to my expectation, it was probably one of the worst experiences I've ever had.  I understand there being a wait if there's a lot of people, but the 45 minute wait wasn't the worst of it.  After ordering our food my table waited for another 45 minutes only to hear the news that our food would  "be out in 3 to 4 minutes."  They assumed our table understood, but really we just sat there not saying a word.  Half and hour later my table's food finally comes out.  Every single one of our burgers were literally room temperature.  The only reasoning I have behind it was that they were sitting in the kitchen and someone forgot to serve them.  I don't think I will be returning to this place anytime soon, but if you want to try it for yourself go for it I guess.
4 Great burgers!! Service was good!!
3 The first visit shows some promise.  The cheese curds are great but best with regular ranch.
4 Great burgers and fun environment for young adults. Burgers are juicy and toppings are creative, including additional add-ons like peanut butter or a fried egg. All-you-can-eat peanuts are self-serve, and you can just toss the shells on the floor. AJ Bombers is great for college students, young adults, and high schoolers wanting to hang out with friends.
2 I'll get some flack for this one, but AJ Bombers is not the bomb. There, I said it.  For a burger place I found the menu limiting and uninspired. It's sort of cool that you get a dry erase maker to chart out your eats on their rewritable menu, but that and great service is about all these guys got. And the service is truly great. (More on that in a second.)  Patties are expensive once you start adding ingredients like avocado and mushrooms (not really premiums in my book) and tacking on another 3.50 for grass-fed meat should make for somethin' spectacular, but mine left me wanting more. Nearing 13 bucks for beef these things should come with a side, but they don't and I was thrilled that we split sweet potato chips to start or I would have been starving after.   A few suggestions that I think would help, and I'm only offering these because I really liked the staff and I would love to see these guys kill it!   1. Ditch the servers, have people order at a counter using those same menu things and dry erase pens and let food runners flit around dropping burgers here there and everywhere. Water and soft drinks could be self service and a bartender could pop bottles or top off taps.   2. Clean up the protein options and ditch the lame beef: grassfed beef only, turkey, soy, salmon and chicken. (Yeah, I said salmon burger baby)  3. Expand the menu with 3 categories. Simply - Signature - Say What? Examples:   Simple meat/bun  Signature Mediterranean (meat, feta, olive tapenade, pita) and so on...  Say What? The Elvis (meat, peanut butter, bacon, banana spread) Mac Attack (meat, macaroni and cheese, fried onion strings) and so on...  I'm willing to check 'em out again though. They're super plugged into social media and  idigthat[dot]com.
2 Man, was I expecting much more.   First the good: even with peanuts EVERYWHERE the place felt pretty clean and inviting. A shoot sends peanuts to the tables with possibly unnecessary force which makes them explode a bit when they reach your table...which I guess is pretty fun the first time around.   Now the rest: We got the Barrie Burger and the Mad Sconie Burger. The Barrie has peanut butter, bacon and cheese. I bit into it and immediately put it down and opened it to make sure it actually had peanut butter in it. Yup. It did. Weird. Nothing really stood out in terms of flavors. Pretty much tasted like a cheeseburger. The Mad Sconie burger which comes with fried pickles, bacon, better beef burger and spicy cheese bun was also tasteless and "uninspired". This is the award winning burger, so either this was an off night or someone hasn't tasted Old Fashioned Burgers.  Finally our waitress was not very friendly. Kept on having conversations with other people while we were clearly waiting for the check for a while and trying to flag her down. Oh well.
2 I had a decent experience at Bombers, but there was a lot to be desired.   I usually abide by the general philosophy that "the bigger the burger the better," but in this case, I'm going the unorthodox route.   I had a burger that was on special, can't really remember the name, but if I were to rename it, it'd be called "can i get a little burger with that peanut butter and egg." Now I know what you're thinking, why would anyone...on the face of the earth.. get a burger with peanut butter and egg on it, but I took a plummeting leap of faith.     The peanut bomb is a pretty cool and original idea. However, but when I noticed some peanuts in the hair of the bartender who was serving me, I retracted my previous assessment.   Maybe I just had a bad experience, but I can't say I'll try the place again in the near future.
5 You people are crazy or just been hit with too many bombs to give less then 3 stars!  Perfect location right off State Street. Best atmosphere. Peanuts shells all over with tons of writing on the wall.Spacious with huge booths. Even I (in my twenty) would fell comfortable coming here by myself getting a burger and Bloody Mary (anytime of day).   The bloody was even better then the one I had in Milwaukee. The amazing staff were a hoot trying to bomb our table but kept on missing. The cheese curds are extreme yumminess. Flavorful and perfectly salty. Nice and chewy with a light batter to let the curds from Ellsworth shine. The fries were crispy on the outside but soft inside and seasoned perfectly. No need to ketchup. The Mad Sconnie Burger "uninspiring" I think not. Tell me where you can get a burger with Stella's Bakery spicy cheese bread (look at the bottom of you burger when you order there's crispy cheese there) that adds a little heat, then add Frickles yes Frickles that helps to balance it out. Then lettuce, tomato and bomber sauce. The patty is a blend of grass fed beef blended with Berkshire Bacon. Being that there is bacon in it causes it to look pink. So don't think it raw when they serve it to you. The owner Joe Sorge was even there that night. He greeted us at the door and made us feel very welcomed. Talking to us though out the meal. He told us about the pink patty which I would have returned to the kitchen otherwise. Which shows you that he truly cares about this restaurant in Madison to drive all the way from Milwaukee to see the customers and staff. He really is listening to his customers and fixing any issues. Which makes me want  to get a job working for him.  A night of many great first. - Stella's Bakery spicy cheese bread - Frickles - Patty made with a blend of beef and bacon - Meet the owner in person not via twitter/facebook (yes that is really he that talks)  Follow them twitter @ajbombers and @ajbombersmsn and Facebook to stay updated in food coma.
3 Great looking restaurant and good service.  But burger was super dry. Portions small.
4 Pretty hip joint in a central downtown location. For a burger place, the vegetarian options are quite varied. I got the fried portabello (stuffed with cheese) and a side of the homemade sweet potato chips, both of which were quite tasty, along with a brewski. You gotta love a place that has unlimited peanuts (which, at times, are being "sent" to tables via bombs), but one down side was that they only had bottled beer: no drafts.  This place is perfect to grab a quick dinner before hitting the bars or somewhere to go for a late dinner if going out isn't in the picture for the night. Definitely somewhere to take visitors from out of town as well!
2 My kids have been wanting to go so went there after attending a show at the Overature.  One daughter got the "Sconie burger" and the rest of us got just the regular burger.  None of us were impressed.  The burger in the regular ones was tasteless and kept sliding off the bun.  They had lettuce w/ bomber sauce under the burger and tomato on top.  When you tried to eat it the whole thing just squirted apart.  Pain in the @ss!  The Sconie eas better but not $4 better.  All of agreed that we should have had a Plaza burger across the street,  even a whopper would have been better.  The portions of cheese curds, onion strings and fries was very small.  Come on, how much do onions or potatoes cost.  Don't be so damn stingy!  There are way too many other burger places to go in Madison that are a whole lot better
4 Good, unique. They kids liked the peanuts, the peanut-dropping space ships, and drawing on the table and walls (although apparently they weren't supposed to add to the grafiti, we found out?).  Sunday kids eat free. Otherwise, pretty pricey for burgers. Would go back on a Sunday again for a family treat. Burger was certainly good. Sweet potato chips were delicious.
4 This is a great little spot off State Street to enjoy a beer and watch the game; the casual atmosphere is complete with dim lights and writings on the wall. The unique "checklist" menu system let's you choose your entree and customize accordingly, so your food almost always comes out correctly (sans mustard, plus cheese, etc.). The cheese curds and poutine were both affordable and tasty appetizers for the table to share and the burgers and sandwiches are great. There are even a few vegetarian options for the herbivores that I considered equally satisfactory to their burgers.  The peanut bombs are also a fun touch. There is never a shortage of peanuts at AJ Bombers, just be prepared to get rained on!
3 I was first introduced to AJ's from at the Food and Wine Festival as they were handing out their award winning Mad Sconnie.  Totally dig this burger.  The bun is of course fabulous, patty=juicy and tasty, they add a frickle and that's burger heaven!    If I didn't get a junk food fill, we also ordered the fries with cheese curds and gravy.  Holy moly that's a guilty pleasure so good you won't mind doing extra work outs that week.    Food was bomb, but service wasn't so great. I was super curious about the peanut bombs.  Our waitress didn't tell us anything about them, but we did see other tables getting bombed.  After a few check ins we asked her what they were and she described it to us.  Would have liked a bit more info since we told her we had never been there before...  Secondly, our waitress didn't know the beer selections so she couldn't make any recommendations, which I was bummed about.  I usually like to try a new beer every time I go out.    Also, it was pricey for what you got.  I was expecting it to be cheaper.  :(   It's not my go-to burger place, but I'll come again. TRY THE SCONNIE BURGER!
4 So I gave AJ's another chance and stopped by tonight.  My wife and daughter had the chicken sandwich and thought it was one of the best they have ever had.  Very juicy and flavorful.  I had the "sconnie" and it was quite flavorful but almost a bit too much bacon for me.  The fry's were hot and plentiful as were the onion strings.  But the best part of the whole meal was the cheese curds!!!  Perfectly done, lightly breaded with the best dipping sauce I've ever had.  It's a chipotle dip and has a nice bite to it, and just went great with the curds.  A fun place to go with very good sandwiches and appetizers.
3 Great food,a little expensive tho
1 Beh. Terrible burgers.  Never coming back. Don't waste your time - Madison has plenty of good burger places that would easily rival Bombers. 5 guys is 10 times better.
4 I love the complimentary peanuts! And The burgers are good. I recommend you upgrade the beef and upgrade the bun to Stella's cheesy bread--otherwise you need not fasten your culinary seat belts.  Another note, my nephew loves this place--he's a big fan of the peanut bomb. So in terms of kid friendly burger place this is a top of the line.
4 Let me tell you something.  I don't get a lot of the gripes about this place.  I have been here multiple times and enjoy it immensely.  Even breaking up with my ex-girlfriend didn't hamper my experiences here!  You are greeted by a friendly wait-person, and given complementary peanuts through a very unique delivery system:  Little tiny bombs on runners that drop the peanuts via a trap door.   There's nothing more fun than heckling the bartender for having a weak arm and not being able to hit the target hard enough to trigger the trap doors.  There is a TV that's constantly showing episodes of Diners Drive-ins and Dives.  I enjoy the ability to mock Guy Fieri, and his bleach blonde "Cool guy" shtick.  Sure we all love food porn, but I for one secretly think he loves being a food porn shill for any little product that will pay him.    I've only had one bad experience here, and it was rectified quickly by the manager.  He admitted that the person in charge of seating that night wasn't meant to have that job, and made sure that she was taken off that position and placed back into her usual wait-staff position.  He treated us with class and was spot on with making sure we had a great experience the next time we came.   Because of this Bombers still has our loyalty.  I would highly suggest the black bean burger.  I for one tend to order it with out the bomber sauce, no tomato, and no butter on the bun, with fried onions.  It can be ordered "vegan" and I really can't tell much of a difference between the regular "veggie" style and the "Vegan " style.  I tend to get a half order of fries, but you can get sweet potato chips or a variety of sides to compliment the burger you have ordered.  Heck, they even have that Canadian "delicacy" known as poutine!  Try it out eh?  AJ bombers is known for their Mad Sconnie Burger, if you're looking for a bit of an adventure try that one.  They have a specialty burger each week, so make sure to ask about it if the wait-staff forgets to tell you about it.    This place is a great place to bring children if you are looking for family atmosphere, kids even get to eat free on Sunday.  In closing I suggest going multiple times to try a variety and decide what you like, take multiple friends with you to share on the sides!
5 Awesomeness!
4 Great food, great service! Will definitely recommend this place to friends & family.
2 Like it, but don't love it. I've been here four times and each time I like it a little less. Small portions for the $, way too much salt on the food - esp. the chicken - and just not the best flavors. On the plus side, I like the atmosphere and location, nice people, and the peanuts are delicious...even if they are served in dog food bowls.
2 Great Atmosphere, but that is where it ends.  We visited Bombers after receiving a coupon/advertisement during Halloween at the Zoo and thought we would try it out.  ON THE PLUS SIDE: It's a casual environment with a neat little attraction that the kids loved: they deliver peanuts to the tables through a rail and bomber system.  The staff were courteous and the restaurant was clean other than the peanuts on the ground which is part of the experience.  ON THE DOWN SIDE: It cost almost $12 for a burger and fries - Double burger, bacon and cheese with fries - it's an a la carte system where you can build your own burger and it adds up quickly. Unfortunately, there was very little flavor delivered with all the hype and cost.  The burger itself was not seasoned, the cheddar cheese was mild to the point of not having flavor, and the bacon was just there.  The fries had a unique flavor that I didn't care for - no fault of the fries, just not for me.  We also got the 3 pretzels with cheese sauce and they were ok - the cheese was cold which we had not seen in the past.  The kids got a small burger and chicken strips and the chicken was delivered without any dipping sauce and was pretty plain and blah.  While the servers were nice, the service was slow and refills on soda were non-existent.   All in all, with the hassle of getting there and finding parking, the costs involved with parking downtown and the quality of the food itself, I would recommend exploring and sampling a different restaurant.
2 i guess if the thing that gets me to actually go there is that they give you a free burger for your birthday, then that may already be telling me something...... i really wanted to like this place.  i met a couple of guys promoting it at the farmer's market shortly after it opened and we hit it off well.  i promised to come in and give it a try.  it has taken me awhile....  i'm not sure about the atmosphere - is it supposed to BE a bomb shelter?  and if so, how is that an environment conducive to an enjoyable eating experience?  the idea that i'm hiding out in danger of an attack does not whet my appetite.  a 'bomb' coming overhead and dropping peanuts may tickle me when i'm 4 or 5, but now it sort of adds to the apprehension of the rest of the decor. i think for watching a game on the tv, it would be a fun place.  they have a variety of beer and, i agree, the staff is stellar.  super friendly.  if this was a place i'd want to hang out at, they would be the kind you could make fast friends with and i do love that a lot.   5 stars for them on that front.  the black bean burger isn't bad as a vegan option.  they say they make it in-house and that always impresses me, instead of just slapping a boca burger on the menu and saying they cater to vegetarians.  any price for a store bought meat alternative isn't worth it - it's like going out and paying for ramen noodles! this one is good.  a little spicy, fresh bun and lettuce and tomato.  i do think that for the price, a side should come with it - and paying for onion? really? points for playing '80s music!  a day i hear 'man in the mirror' and simple minds from the end of  breakfast club is a good day.
4 The only real gripe I have against this place is their pricing.  They're expensive for a near-campus location.  They're not the best burger in Madison.  Their burgers are good.  They're adequate.  There's better burgers out there, though--and for less money.  You really go to AJ's for the atmosphere:  Funky industrial sportsbar sort of place, with the peanut bombs, and writing on the booth.  But is it worth the extra coin?  No...not really.  Drop the prices and I'll be a frequent guest.  At the current prices, I'm only going to go once or twice a year.
2 I agree with previous review about the price. I had the Mad Sconnie Burger and my partner got a Milwaukee burger, both are okay but certainly not the best burger in the area. The portion is small. It did not even come with fries!  I had an urge to grab a dumplings at Pelmeni's next door after my dinner.We ended paying $30 for two burgers + one fries + two drinks. Totally overpriced. I see no particular reason coming to this place.
1 Got a chicken sandwich which was supposed to be breaded, it was not. The bun was 4 times the size of the chicken. Sweet potato chips were chewy. Probably should've tried a burger, but I wouldn't go back.
4 THIS PLACE IS SO MUCH FUN!  If you're looking for a fun atmosphere to impress out-of-town guests or grab food before a game/event this is a GREAT OPTION.   Good food, great staff, awesome menu and you can WRITE ON THE WALLS.
2 Food: I have been to AJ Bombers several times, and we have always been happy with the food.  The carnivores think that the unique burgers are delicious, including the burger with peanut butter.  As a vegetarian, I think that the black bean burger with avocado is definitely a step above average.  The sides, especially the tator tots and fried pickles, are also delicious.  Atmosphere:  The atmosphere is fun and loud.  It would not be a good place for a business meeting or a date, but it is a great place to stop before or after a game.  Note that most of their booths and tables only accommodate four people, so a group would be tough.  Parking:  There is a city parking lot across the street that generally has stalls available.  Service:  The service has generally been fair to poor.  For example, when I was in yesterday, a man with obvious physical disabilities and his family came into the restaurant.  There was only one table that was really accessible, but the host would not seat them there as it was the only six person table.  So, the family was forced to wait for more than the promised 5 or 10 minutes while a much less accessible table in a difficult to reach back corner became available.  Sadly, the accessible table was never used.  I would classify that as poor service.  Speed of Service:  Slower than you would expect for a burger joint that is not busy.  The wait staff usually thanks us for our patience, but never provides an explanation for the delays.  Credit Cards: Yes  Summary:  I would come back for a lunch when I was downtown, not in a hurry, and not looking to impress because it is quite tasty.  I will not come back with a group or the in laws.
4 I have finally experienced AJ BOMBERS!!!! And here is what I have to say... It is DELICIOUS. Now let's get a little past the bombs dropping peanuts, yes its funny and cool and all but really not what the place is all about. Their food is pretty freakin' good if ya ask me and the atmosphere is something to marvel at. Writing on the wall, industrial type decor, and some cool artwork in some places. I came here a couple of times to really get the sense of the place and here is my review in full (might seem a bit short but there is a reason for that). The happy hour prices are pretty awesome and the prices for food is pretty average. The people that work here though are awesome and really make you feel welcome.   On the other hand, agreeing with what someone else said, there are better burgers for better prices out there and I feel they could have made certain items on the menu a bit more normal? I wonder if that sounds odd because I may just be nitpicking but it seems like some things on the menu are cool and interesting like their PB&J burger but others seem OVER done to try to make them something out of the ordinary. I would have given this place 5 stars but I can't get over the overdone-ness of some items and when it WASNT happy our the drink prices were too expensive. All-in-all, its not a bad place to experience ever once in a while and I do have to say some food items are spectacular, the staff is outta-this-world, and its in a nice location.
3 Decent. Had the organic beef on my burger. Can't remeber what else I had. Neat bomb things on rails that drop peanuts. You can write on any of the walls chairs and such. Just didn't stand out too much for me.
2 I've always wanted to try this place. It's super near from my apt. So, today (Sunday, Mother's day week), I finally gave it a try.   The atmosphere is nice. Unique. But what l experienced today will not make me review their food entirely. Too bad. It's more about how I felt while I was there. When the waitresses and the servers outnumbered the customers, I learned that it is potentially intimidating for customers like me. I realized I dressed differently from any other customers! Especially when it's warm outside! So, seeing a person wearing a scarf with long and fully covered outfit in this weather may be subject to examine. I'm aware of that. But, when you were eating and kept being stared almost the whole dining time, it was inconvenient! I was no longer enjoying my food, as I didn't feel good for being stared by a bunch of servers and waitresses all the time from the bar!   I wish I could review the food more, but the way I was 'treated' just shifted it. This is not my first time to be examined like this, due to my appearance. But today is just a bit too much. The wait staff is the worst. We thanked her and were very polite only to get some rude attitude.  The first waitress was kind though. When l asked her to move us to a brighter spot, she was very kind though she also let us know that we would be no longer her customers. They apparently have different section for each waiter/waitress. I apologized several times. The old spot was too dark and I didn't want to have meals there. She was fine. Our next waitress was also fine. While the waitress and server were trying to serve us well, their service is overall disappointing. I really hope my hunch was wrong. In all, I didn't feel comfortable and so sad too. I hope my appearance will not make others feel inconvenient and will not make myself a subject to stare at.   Aside from the non-food review, I regret to say that there's nothing special with their burgers. You can go to other nearer place for better burgers. But we did enjoy their peanut bomb! It was fun. And the peanut shooter was nice.   I have been hesitant to post this for a couple of days now, but I need to say what I have to say. So, here it is.
4 What did you say?  More Meat Monday?!  Yes, it is true.  An extra patty for free on Mondays!    Ok, enough of that.  The burger?  Delicious.  I got the Wisconsin burger (bacon, colby jack, hold the onions).  The bun was light and delicious.  The burgers were cooked perfectly.  You don't order your burger as a particular temperature.  Yet, they still come out perfect.    There is not much to say bad about place.  The only thing was trying to figure out where to go and what to do when we walked in.  No one greeted us or seated us.  We kind of just found our own way.
3 I just can't decide between 3 stars or 4?   It is no Five Guys (my favorite).....But I think AJ Bombers is a cool burger joint. Where else can you find a Stella's hot cheesy bread bun to go with your burger?   It seems like there are some rough patches after reading through other Yelp reviews, but after having multiple burgers now at AJ's I can in all my honesty say, I think they make a good burger. I have not had a bad experience yet.  I didn't say Great.....but I did say good.   Who is going to complain about ordering tater tots with your burger. Not this guy. Well.... one complaint I guess----No free sides. If you are coming to AJ Bomber's be aware that if you want fries or tots, (sweet potato fries too) you're going to end up paying extra for them. This may come as a shock to many, including myself. at least one side should be free in my opinion.   I think the beef makes a great quality burger. A little greasy. But I like it like that.  Another complaint: Why do I have to pay so much for the extra's on my burger? I'm not a fan of that.   Going on a Monday the last time was awesome. They had a special going on that you got to add another patty for free on your burger "More Meat Monday" Elizabeth R. calls it. Awesome! Now this was well worth my lunch hour.  Also, it turned on my "food coma" for the rest of the afternoon.   Free peanuts! Yay! Who doesn't like peanuts?    I'll be back for more.
5 Love bombers!!!! Best burgers ever! I would definitely recommend getting a meat (beef) burger, the shroom burger is messy and the other subs are just a waste of time. Stick to the classics and you'll love it- be sure to try out the Bloody Mary. Tuesday is 2-41 toppings and sides btw.
