5 I had been going to the same stylist for years when I decided I needed a change. I was always ok with the styles she provided, but at $35 bucks a pop, plus tip.. I didn't always feel like she was giving me the style I wanted, but rather what she thought looked good. Im just saying.. it got to be annoying.  With the start of Summer and with it hotter temperatures, I wanted a shorter haircut that still looked awesome. A buddy at work suggested Big Mike's Barber shop, so I decided to give it a try.   Mike's is a small Barber Shop, kind of a one man does it all situation. He's located in a small strip mall off of Eastern and Tropicana, just off the corner. I pulled up to the shop and sat and waited for the guy in the chair to get done. The current customer was getting a high fade and really close cut on  the sides. I wasn't sure if this was what I wanted, but as Mike's sign stated out front.. he also did "regular hair-cuts" so I continued to wait :]  I eventually got my turn and told Big Mike what cut I wanted. From that point on I was very happy with the way he cut it. I keep my hair longer a bit on top, and close on the sides. I didn't want it flat-out shaved.   Expertly, with shears, Mike faded up my hair to a really clean cut that was all styled out. I'm not a "faded" haircut kind of guy when it comes to my hair, but this cut is really awesome. Just the right amount of length on the sides, some length on the top, and cleaned up all over.   The cut even finished with an old-school style vacuuming of my head to remove all hair. Lol.. if you never had this.. you are in for a treat. I used to go to barber shops as a kid with my Dad, and they would finish by literally vacuuming your head and neck so no hair would be left over. Mike even cleaned up my neckline with a hot lather and shave.   The man is a star. He has serious cutting skills, and I have found my new barber.  So overall, if you want a great cut, awesome service and a quality cut.. You have to go check out Big Mike's .
5 Big Mike is awesome, great barber, great personality, just recently hired his first barber, Ray Contreras who is also good worked for the famous Gerardo's barbershop for a while, to help him, first few months in business and he is already expanding, that tells you he is doing something right, and he for sure is!
5 Big mikes is the bomb...   Best cut I've gotten in las Vegas ever and I'm born n raised here for 30 years....  Hot razor shaves like a real man needs...... I don't live in Vegas full time anymore but come back every 3 weeks just to get a cut n shave...
