5 I have received excellent service each time I visit V's. Pedicures and facial waxing are my routine. I'm really looking forward to trying the European Facial soon!!!
4 Great Pedi with a GEL Manicure that is fab!!  Ali is great!!
1 Beware they do not sanitize their tools.  After they are done they put the tools back in the bag and "seal" it again so when the next customer comes in they think the tools are clean and unused.  Never coming back here again!
5 love this place. Prices are reasonable and never had a bad experience. They are gentle and very friendly.
4 I have been coming here for almost two years now and I see Kim. She is a true artist and really takes her time to get it done right. I've seen other nail techs there but Kim is the only one I really like when it comes to the end result. Everyone here is friendly and the pedicures are great! Reasonably priced too! You won't be disappointed getting your nails or feet done here!
2 My regular nail place was closed today so I took a chance with this place.  I called ahead and was told it would cost $25 for a gel manicure..Great!  They were busy and I was asked to wait a bit...no problem!  The lady that greeted me took a look at my nails, which was a dark red gel manicure, and told me she would start me in a soak.  She asked what color did I want and I replied that I wanted white tips. 30 minutes later the lady that signed in after me was called first then 10 minutes later I was called and told to soak my nails in soapy water bath.  I sat and soaked for 20 minutes while the workers worked on people that walked in with "quicky" needs.  Finally, the lady that greeted me came over and said I should have been soaking in acetone and not water...she apologized and started the acetone soak.  30 minutes later, and after I scraped off most of the old polish myself, a man started my manicure and my greeter finished it so the man could start a lady's pedicure who had been soaking her feet for 30 minutes and visibly pissed.  When she was done with me she told me that the next time I come in I need to tell them that I have old gel polish on so I can be started with the correct soak.  Really? I was relieved to finally get out of there and all ready to pay my $25 for the services.  I was told it would be $25 for the gel manicure AND $5 for the white tips!  Wow!  Really?  I know it was only $5 extra but after spending the whole afternoon there with bad customer service the extra 5 bucks seemed outrageous. I'll wait for my regular nail place in the future!
5 I have been coming here for about 9 months after another nail place ruined my nails. Jenny was honest and has been working with me to get my nails healthy and nice.  She suggest the shellac until my nails heal ,,if ever.  I like it, they are nice but not as hard as acrylic. Thank you V Nails for being honest. If you think you have an issue, over drill, too thin, white ends, go see Jenny, she is honest.
5 Another great Gel nail experience!!  See Jenny for excellent service!
5 Finally found a place to be a regular! I went on a Friday afternoon and they had enough people working to not have a wait. She took extra time to fix my dry winter nails. Their backfill includes gel and you can't beat their price! I highly recommend this place!
5 I love this place every time i come it is an amazing experience the prices are very  cheap and the last few times i have been here I only had to wait about 3-5 mins i am glad for this to be my usual nail spot
1 Told my wife 20 mins for a polish change. 35 mins later, still sitting here, running late for my Spring Training game. Unprofessional and uncool.
5 What can I possibly say about this place! If I could rate it ten stars I WOULD!   First, let's start with the owner. He is such a nice gentlemen! I observed him assist a customer who walked in right before closing. The customer was such a bitch and he assisted her anyway! I couldn't believe it - he could've easily said no.   The rest of the employees are so nice and professional! I have never been treated so kind at a nail salon. They won't allow you to leave their salon until they ensure you are 100% satisfied with their service.   Also, I'm a germ phoebe and I will tell u this place is very clean. That's a huge plus!   My favorite go to people for pedicures are Kristin & Lisa. I'm currently pregnant and they give the best foot massages! Lol. & for Nails, I love how Vince did them!   So yes give them a try!
5 I have been here twice now, this is the best salon I have found in the West Valley, which is close to my work.   Tina, the manager, displays amazing customer service. She was both friendly and concerned that I was satisfied with the services and happy with my manicure. Tina did a beautiful job on my nails (which I keep short, so sometimes it can be difficult to keep the manicure neat around the edges and cuticles).  The salon is VERY customer service oriented and a very pleasant place to relax and treat yourself. Also, the prices are very reasonable and lower than many nail salons for the services I generally get (gel manicure and basic pedicure).
5 Had Tania do my gels, and she was awesome! and she also was able to explain to me what was better for my nails since my hands are always on water. Thank Tania for being so nice to me and my nails!
