4 I've only been once, but I'll certainly be returning. A smaller, unassuming Indian family restaurant serving South Indian food.  We went off the beaten track and ordered food I'd never seen anywhere else before - battered mashed potato (stunning),  chili Idli (stunning), and lamb Tanjore (very nice). We also had a paneer dosa that was fantastic.  Their home made lemonade was lovely, certainly worth trying.  The food was very fresh, the service was fairly quick considering that the meals were being prepared fresh - we saw the dosa being made (very much like a fresh pizza).  Marked down from 5 because of it being a cash only establishment, leading to some pocket searching between us. They really do need to get card payments sorted out.
4 Gorgeous food - vast tablecloth-sized dosa pancakes wrapped around spicy potato fillings, with a selection of dips and sauces alongside. The chennai fish curry was delicious, and the crab curry just amazing .. once we worked out how to eat whole little crabs! It's a bit of a bare wee room, and noisy when lots of people are in, but it's worth it for the food.
4 Curry = good. Pancake = good. Curry + pancake = great.   South Indian cuisine is becoming more popular these days and with good reason, as it always feels a bit lighter than the usual curry stodgefest.   I think curry is much improved by the additional tastes and textures of dosas, idlis and other doughy delights, especially in combination with the various dips and sauces that always accompany them. Check out my photo to see how huge the dosa is. Everything is fairly cheap so it's easy to try a number of small things, and if you can't decide what to have for your main, just about everything comes in a mini starter size.  I would be happy just dipping pieces of the light pancake in all the delicious dips and sauces, but when you also have some tasty curry inside, it's the gift that keeps on giving. If you're bored of the usual curry standards then this place is for you.
4 Mmmm...crepe wrapped curries. Family owned, super friendly, B.Y.O.B...Too!
5 For South Indian style cuisine, Tanjore is the best we've found in Edinburgh, so far. Their dosas have considerable wow factor, and made me a convert to their cause. The place is very welcoming, keeps things nicely informal, and you have a good opportunity to see the chefs at work. Dishes are high on flavour, and represent excellent value.   Overall, we said: "I was highly impressed by Tanjore. For this style of South Indian food, it was as good as I've experienced in the city. This is definitely a place that I'll be visiting again, in the future, so if you like the sound of it, do give me a shout when you're planning to go, as I'd be happy to join you!"
4 I love this place, it is so authentic, it reminds me of being in India. The staff are wonderful, the space is clean and bright, the menu is overwhelming.   It is cheaper than the vegetarian restaurant kalpna which is just a few doors down, though I can't decide which is best. I have to say that the dosas at Kalpna are the best I have tried in Edinburgh, but tanjore does a good job. There are so many options, including uttapam, idli, dosas and thalis. I usually go for the addictive masala dosa, which comes accompanied with various chutneys and sambar.  If you want to try really authentic Indian food, do come here! Expect great service in a casual setting and really lovely food.
5 I recently joined Blythe R here for lunch with the purpose of reviewing and we were both pretty well impressed with the place but I'll try to stick to my own opinion here as you can see his below.  First up, I wandered in on my own and made a pig's ear of communicating my booking arrangement to the staff and somehow got sat at the wrong table, only to realise that another large table was being quickly set up because I had sat at the wrong one. When realised my booking was for two and not six and, embarrassed,  communicated this (I'm sure they had already realised) they didn't show the slightest irritation and happily moved my to another table.   Service was exemplary, friendly and efficient. Once our orders of dosa, idli and utthapam  were taken, there was a bit of a wait, but this was deemed well worth it when it emerged that our food had been made fresh to our order, and was frankly delicious. We wanted for nothing throughout the meal as service remained attentive but not at all intrusive.   Another great part of the experience was that advice we received regarding the menu was honest and we weren't up-sold or overly full by the end.   The value is as great the South Indian food and I will be going here again, soon.
5 We had a hankering for some South Indian cuisine so we thought we'd check out Tanjore...  Our meal was incredible. We had the crab curry and a masala dosa.  The masala dosa is a South Indian classic and these guys really do it justice.  The soft-shell crab curry with coconut rice was pretty mind-blowing too; Full of interesting textures and flavours!  Everything seemed to be prepared fresh using fresh ingredients and herbs.  The restaurant was clean and the service was prompt and friendly!
5 I've been going to tanjore ever since it opened I've been to and ordered from many a Indian restaurant in Edinburgh and I have to say no other Indian restaurant comes close to beating tanjore in price or taste. I've tried quite a few dishes on the menu and a few of the new dishes as well and I've never had anything to say other than amazing for all of them. I can't name any favourites as I love all of them! Go and try for yourself! Highly recommended.
4 Wow, this is authentic. I've never been to India but dined with people who had and even they were very much impressed by Tanjore! From the minute I stepped in the door, I felt like I was in India, at least how I'd imagined a restaurant in India would look. The decor is great with Indian wall hangings on the walls and ceiling, giving a cosey, decorative feel.   I had a masala dosai, something I'd never heard of before but which was recommend to me. So tasty! I love Indian food and I'd say I'm a curry girl through and through. But I couldn't help but get excited when I caught sight of the giant curry filled crepe presented before me with a range of sauces and dips, most of which were to my tastes! (Although I wasn't too keen on the mint dip!) They're a generous size but light and just as filling as a main course should be. I had a mango lassis which is a thick mango flavoured drink, almost like a milkshake. It was so delicious that I struggled not to finish it before my meal arrived!  We had a range of desserts to share which were incredible too. Everything I had to eat in Tanjore blew my tastebuds away. The service seemed a little slow but perhaps we only noticed since we were in a bit of a rush. They don't accept cards so remember to bring cash, we had to pop out to get some! All in all, a taste of India in Edinburgh. I'll happily return!
3 For a fairly impromptu mid-price meal in honour of my friend's new flat and job, Tanjore did the trick nicely. The clean and compact interior feels welcoming enough and fuses East and West nicely with elephant embroidery on the ceiling around a classic chandelier.  We both boggled at the sheer range on offer within the menu's numerous pages - which include an entire page devoted solely to vegetarian starters - before eventually selecting our meals. She plumped for Chennai fish curry with mint rice, and I decided on Chicken Tanjore with lemon rice.  We were both happy with the delicate balance of flavours in our curries, and my friend's mint rice was pretty special too. The sweetness of the parotta was also a great accompaniment to the spicy flavours of the other food.  The service, though, was a little laboured and perfunctory from most quarters (we had three different waiters over the course of the evening; a special mention goes out to the young chap who served us last, though, with a smile that lit the room). I was waiting for my friend to arrive for a good ten minutes and was not asked if I wanted a drink. Similarly, nobody checked on us during our meal to see if everything was ok.  Our bill came to just under £35, which is really rather good for what we got, but I can't help feeling that the experience would have left a warmer glow in my memory if the staff had been a little more attentive and personable. I wouldn't object to another trip here but it's not somewhere I'd specifically recommend.
4 Been wanting to come here since the place opened and finally got organised this weekend. The restaurant looked a bit tightly packed with tables, but once seated there seemed to be plenty of space. Modern Asian decorations with some interesting touches here and there. Nothing too out there and it did manage to conjure up a comfortable feeling to the place. The service was great from the minute we got in through to getting the bill. The menu is extensive with some really interesting bits and bobs I haven't seen elsewhere. The waiter discussed the specials with us and the orders were in.   Papadam and dips were a highlight nothing too exciting about the dips but the pickle was different to any others I have tried. It seemed like it was homemade rather than from a jar. Thumbs up from me. We ordered 4 Papadams and it looked more like 6 or 7 we were given. :D  The starters were met with mixed options the chicken and squid tanjores were excellent as were the accompanying salads. The Rasa Vadai seemed a little strange we hadn't had Vadai before but it didn't leave an experience that we wanted to repeat in a hurry. The Rasam it was severed in was lovely though. Just in case you haven't tried it, Rasam is Indian tomato soup and well worth a try.   The mains were mixed and I forget what my dinner companions ordered but everything was excellent. Both veggies and carnivores alike loved there choices. I went for the special of the day which was rice with a mango/tamarind fish curry with Idli on the side. Lidls were new to me and were steamed rice and lentil cakes. They didn't really taste of much but they did go well with the curry. The curry had lots of fish but the tamarind was overpowering everything leaving the dish tasting a little bitter. It was really nice just not great.  I will be heading back to try some more of the menu as I think the special didn't really work for me, but my companions loved their curries. If the fish curry had been a little more mango and a little less tamarind this would be a 5 star review, as all the other dishes were amazing.
4 This was a rather surreal experience - I wasn't blown away at the time, but the more I thought about my dosa, the more I liked it, and the more I wanted to go back. So perhaps this is a 3.5 star really rather than a 4.   Anyway, buyer beware - it's cash only and BYOB. Next!  LOADS of vegetarian options - and lots of interesting and exciting sounding things that really got the mouth watering. I couldn't decide between the augergine curry, or a dosa, and I plumped for the latter. Lucky for me, my friend ordered the aubergine curry - perfect! I like a 2 for 1 deal (OK so maybe she got to eat a *little* bit).   We also checked out the parotta bread, mainly because we didn't know what it was, and had a couple of starters (spinach and paneer dumping for me - not as exciting as I thought they would be, and chicken pakora).   When the dosa appeared, I had the customary reaction of holy moly, it's HUGE - and full of potato, and herbs, not strong flavours, but grew on it as I munched away. It came with some soupy thing, which was pleasant, and some dips to support the dosa, some better than others. The parotta was a novelty and felt deliciously unhealthy.   The most strange part was the service, which was all over the place - slow to take orders, and then we were pretty much told to hurry up eating our starter, as our main was ready. After rushing through the starter, we abandoned our remaining poppadum, which was then shook at us to keep eating. It felt all rather... odd. It is definitely not a romantic, nor the most luxurious meal, but a week later, I'm missing my dose-a dosa, and I'd be happy to go back. Looking at other Indian restaurant menus just makes me think, hmm, I'd rather go back to Tanjore. That must be good, right?
4 As a curry lover it is always nice to find somewhere which has a slightly unique spin on (probably) one of this nations favourite things... Tanjore is a real South Indian restaurant, no standard chicken tikka masala or vindaloo here. Instead what is served is a selection of rich curries (I think most contain yoghurt or coconut milk) cooked well, with an emphasis on vegetarian options and fish.  Ok, that is the good, the bad is that the service is just uneven, never unpleasant but perhaps not that interested or simply not aware of where people are in their meals. Others have noted this too, so I don't feel I need to push the issue, however it is a shame.  All in All Tanjore offers good and different curry and it is BYOB establishment, so I will be back, they just need to sort the service out a little.
5 This place is fantastic!   I was not expecting to find delicious Indian food...a BYO at that, while on vacation in Scotland, but I'm so happy we did.  The food was delicious and unlike any other Indian food I've had in the states, as we  mostly have northern Indian cuisine.  I love the intricate use of spices and coconut milk as opposed to heavy creams as is common with northern Indian cuisine.  The prices were very reasonable and the service was absolutely lovely.  If this place were near me in the states I'd be bringing all my friends there!
2 The food was excellent. I agree with the other reviews on this.   My concern is cleanliness - the waiter dropped utensils on the floor, then picked them up and continued setting tables. He sneezed on the dishes [not ours - I would have sent it back]. He noticed a piece of gunge on my wife's plate and scraped it off with his fingernail  [we did get a clean plate].  The toilets were very clean and neither of us got sick but we probably would not go back until the health inspector does a thorough review of this place. Too bad - as I stated, the food was excellent.
