5 I have gone to EVD since I moved to Arizona 6 years ago. The entire staff is professional, friendly and it seems they do not have a high turnover rate because most of the girls that were there when I started going are still employed there. To me, that speaks volumes about a doctor's office. While I have seen many of the medical providers here, I am a patient of Dr. Chen's. She is an amazing doctor and is sure to explain everything thoroughly to me. I appreciate feeling like I am a valued patient as this is something that slips through the cracks with many medical providers. As long as I am living in the Valley, I will be a patient at East Valley Dermatology.
4 This was my first time to East Valley Dermatology and overall it was a pretty good experience. I saw Julie, one of the PA's, and I thought she was very nice and professional. I didn't feel awkward at all during my yearly mole check, which was a major plus! The only problem I had was I didn't arrive the 15 minutes early like they asked to fill out paperwork (because I got lost), so I got a verbal lashing from the receptionist. That being said I gave it a 4 out of 5 stars.
5 Dr. Chen is professional, caring  and thorough. I've never had any problems with any of the office staff and have always felt treated well.
5 In searching valley wide for a reputable dermatology group I can finally can say that I have found one worth recommending. K. Peterson, the nurse practitioner, spent as much time with me that I needed!. I didn't feel like she was going through a checklist. She was thorough, detailed, and gives personalized care. She also doesn't forget about you once you leave the office. Definitely worth the drive to see her.
5 East Valley Dermatology is lucky to have the team of Kristen and Kristin.  They're on time, efficient and fun to work with.  I wish that I didn't need their services, but since I do, I'm happy to have them on my side and at my side.  If you visit the office, ask for them by name!
5 Dr. Chen is great. She is thorough and has a really friendly, comforting  demeanor. Super important to have a good dermatologist in Arizona, would definitely recommend Dr. Chen!
4 I see Darsi, the aesthetician, about once a month for a microderm and she is awesome. She has also done some laser treatments and I am thrilled with the results.
5 I have since referred these folks several times and each and every time I get a text back complimenting me on the referral.    Such an easy call, I love it!
5 Had a spot on my arm that I was concerned about. I had gone to this office about 4 years ago and they had since moved to their new facility. Gorgeous facility, seems like it was an excellent working environment! Nice people, very efficient. Waited only about 5 minutes, including checkin. Saw Sam who was very knowledgeable, kind and quick. Checked out my entire back just for the heck of it. You leave there feeling very confident with their evaluations. Scheduling was actually dealt with by a very nice lady -and they are right there in the office, no call center. There was a cancellation so I got in the next day.   One last thing, my daughter had gone to Dr. Geary about 6 years ago for acne and had gone on Acutane. She has never had acne problems since and has a gorgeous model looking complection. They reassured us through the entire time with the crazy hoops one needs to jump through on that medication.
2 When it came to the actual dr, she was very quick and seemed very distracted, but that alone would not cause me to give 2 stars. The 2 stars is for everything else in the office. When I walked in and was waiting in line, the girls at the front desk were gossiping about patients in the waiting room. They were also speaking about bad and unintelligent other girls in the office were. They didn't even stop when I was standing staring at them. TOTALLY UNPROFESSIONAL.   Then about a month and a half later, I received a bill from the office. I called to explain to them that they had incorrect insurance information and tried to give them the correct. The billing girl, Jenna, stated that she did nothing wrong and had the correct information and that she refused to resubmit the claim with the correct information. I decided to call my self to make sure the claim was taken care of, and was told by my insurance that they did it incorrectly. If I were looking for a dermatologist, I would look else were. Not worth the headache.
2 I read these others reviews AFTER having gone here a few times and find it interesting that I had pretty similar experiences as the other dissatisfied reviewers here.  Last year on my first visit, I waited over 30 minutes for my appointment, and waited a long time in the room as well. I brushed if off thinking we all have bad days.  I just went for another annual check up, showed up early to fill out paperwork, patiently waited 30+ minutes (as other patients who came in after me went through their whole visit and left before I was even called back).  Side bar, I found it really unprofessional that the front office staff was eating chocolate cake (not joking), surfing the internet for recipes, gossiping about patients after taking calls from them (again, not joking), etc.  Zero respect for the fact that other patients are sitting there listening to them.  Front office = major fail.  After waiting 30+ minutes, I went up to the desk to ask how much longer it would be, the receptionist was extremely rude and clearly did not care about my time. She said "hmm, that's weird they should have called you back by now."  I explained how many other people had come and gone and she said with tons of sass "We have a lot of different providers." (couple that with an eye roll and that's pretty much how it happened).  I get it, I work in a clinicians office as well, but the LEAST they could have done was show some concern or offer a slight apology for wasting my time.  About ten minutes later I was called back for my appointment.  Waited another ten minutes in the room, but finally Julie and her assistant offered me a small saving grace to my appointment - they were kind and caring and did thank me for being patient.  The office overall deserves one star but the providers bumped that up to two.  Even still, I'll never go back to this office and would tell all my friends and family the same thing.
5 I am pleased to recommend EVDC. Everyone was very helpful and professional. PA Julie took the time to answer all my questions and explain in detail the procedures that were being done.
4 I'd never been to a dermatologist before so I didn't really know what to expect but my first experience was definitely a good one.  I had some itchy red patches on my legs that weren't going away so I finally broke down and made an appointment to get them checked out.  East Valley Dermatology Center had a good rating with a decent amount of reviews so I decided to try them out.  When I called to make my appointment the lady also let me know that I could print out all the paperwork online so that I wouldn't have to sit around and fill it out once I got there, definitely a nice touch I thought.  The day of my appointment came and I got there right at around 2:30 which is when they said the check in time for my 2:45 appointment was.  The lobby looked pretty busy so I was nervous I would be waiting for a while but I actually got called at 2:40, earlier than my actual appointment!  It took me a minute to realize it was MY name being called because I don't think I've ever been seen so quickly by a doctor's office before!  The lady who walked me back to the room got kind of the summary of what was going on and asked a couple other questions and then let me know that Yulia would be right with me.  Again I normally expect that to mean that she'll show up 20-30 minutes later but much to my surprise she really did come into the room less than 5 minutes later!  She made quick work of figuring out what was wrong and was very thorough in explaining what she wanted me to do to take care of it, even giving me written instructions so that I would remember.  She also had her assistant give me samples of some of the lotion and body wash she recommended and had my prescriptions sent directly to the pharmacy I use so that they would be ready by the time I got there.  Altogether I was probably in and out from check in to the appointment itself in under 30 minutes.  Now if that's not a record for a doctor's appointment I don't know what is.  Not to mention that the staff was friendly and knowledgeable and the location itself was clean and inviting.  I don't want to say I'm looking forward to going back since that would mean something else was wrong but if I do end up needing to go I won't be dreading it.
5 Thank you Mandy for squeezing my daughter in with an appointment on her only weekday off. You were very kind. Thank you Julie Silver for being exceptionally awesome and exceeding our expectations.  You took really great care of her and she felt really comfortable with you.  Got her going on some new stuff & checked her thoroughly.
5 I've been going there for over a year and really like Julie, the PA there. I had a problem with a prescription needing a pre-auth and the office was very attentive about getting it through my insurance within an hour. Overall, the office and staff are great.
5 We arrived earlier than required. They took us back right away. They treated my son with respect and as an adult. The entire staff was courteous and professional. They are able to accommodate our scheduling preferences without issue.
1 Honestly I feel like this place is haunting me. They are hounding me for more money after my insurance paid their part. If only they cared as much about their patients and customer service as did about getting their money!
2 The staff here is competent but their practice of writing prescriptions as dispense as written for brand name drugs that a generic would work just fine is unacceptable and they won't just write on my chart that I prefer generics like most offices. I don't care if the coupon makes it the same price because the activations are such a pain.
