5 Absolutely fantastic.    My daughter's car died in front of the house. Scott came to my house when it was convenient for me.  He then invited me to stay with him while he diagnosed the issue, discussing &  showing me what he was doing.  One he confirmed the issue, he showed me the problem.  He then gave me a quote on how much it would cost & why.  When I have him the go-ahead, he fixed the issue on the spot.  I didn't feel out of the loop for one second.
5 Excellent Service!   I thought I had a major issue with my Acura TL 1999, I had been to over 3 auto repair shops, At the time a heat wave had hit vegas and shops were busy. I called Scott at 1st auto repair and he instantly dropped everything and came to my aid.  Before even looking under the hood, took me on a ride in my car to feel out the issue. Scott noticed and brought some things to my attention about the car that I would have never known if I would have brought the car to a regular shop. I thought I had a major issue you with car and it ended up being nothing except a faulty windshield that was making a horrible noise that we took to be an engine issue.   Scott is an honest, like able, professional guy and if I have any further issues while in Vegas again I will not hesitate to bring my car to him or use his mobile service. He really was a life savor for my vacation and would recommend him to any of my friends or family. Thanks again Scott at 1st response auto repair.    - Drake
5 Hands down the BEST mechanic in town. They are honest, and vastly knowledgeable. My fiance and I have been trying to hang on to our payment free vehicles for as long as we can while I am in school, and these guys make it possible. They are always up front with pricing and never over charge. We are so fortunate to have stumbled upon this shop.
5 I've been trying to find a great auto mechanic for years and finally found a company and crew that care about their customers-1st Response Auto Repair.   The service was great, and turn-around time was quick.
5 Scott came out to my house in henderson when I called about my moms car overheating and diagnosed the problem by checking fluids and driving it around the neighborhood he showed me were it was leaking how the fluids were low and what to look for in the future in case theres other issues. He works quick talking to you about your car step by step his service was solid and I will never call anyone else because I know I now have a solid mechanic....
