4 What have you done to me Mr. Greenaway? The white button mushrooms I buy from my local supermarket don't really cut the mustard after that delectable truffle with beef I had last night. And now I expect all the custard I consume to release an amazingly aromatic apple-wood smoke. And my Eton Mess to be as neat and tidy as can be. After a mini-tour of 5 courses of the menu, I feel I have been spoiled in the best way possible.  Imagine my delight when I was invited to try the mini-tour menu at the new Mark Greenaway restaurant at No 12. Piccardy Place. There has been a lot of hype and buzz about this new restaurant opening in the Edinburgh foodie community, and as a bona fide foodie I had been biiding my time.  Set in No. 12 Piccardy Place, which also has a cocktail bar, secret garden and other areas, it has a retro, swish but not stuffy feel. I love the white, plastic, nouveau stags head in the reception area with the plush couch. And not least the incredibly friendly, down-to-earth and attentive staff. Huge appreciation for Nicola, the M'aitre D, and the waiter who recited every dish's full name and ingredients for us.  I was lucky enough to try the five-course mini-tour menu which was a taster of 2 starters, 2 mains and 1 dessert off the main menu. I have had to refer back to the menu on their website to recite these, and I want to make sure I get them just right so you can appreicate, through these tasty pixels, just how decadent the feast was:  - Amuse Bouche of Potato and Truffle - Loch Fyne crab canneloni, with smoked cauliflower custard, lemon pearls, beetroot mayo - Confit of Gressingham Duck leg, served in a beetroot carpaccio, hot orange jelly, raspberry dressing - Skate wing sous-vide, beetroot purée, olive mash, crispy squid - Roasted and poched fillets of beef, braised beef shin potato gratin with truffles and mushroom - Mark's Eton Mess   (Photos but all of the skate dish are uploaded, I think I got too excited and ate it before I could snap.)  My particular favourites were the duck terrine and the skate wing. Duck terrine can often be very fatty and paté-esque, but this was mainly pure duck meat wrapped in a beetroot carpaccio, with some delicious warm orange jelly. Orange and duck is always a winning combination but it was really nice to try something new with the combination, rather than just an orange sauce or the actual fruit.  The skate was just tender deliciousness. I've never had skate and am now a fan - delicious, tender, meaty fish. And the olive mash, which plentiful, was my favourite side on all the dishes.  The first starter of crab wrapped in raviolli served over a warm glass bowl of apple-wood smoked cauliflower custard was certainly the most eye-catching, and sensory dish, of them all. I'm not a huge fan of very creamy things and there was certainly a lot of creamy custard. But the effect of lifting the top dish releasing the waft of apple-wood smoke was quite magical. After we'd had ours, throughout the rest of the evening we could faintly smell when someone else had just opened up theirs. Very good fun, tongue-and-cheek presentation for beautifully cooked food.  It was a grand treat to be able to try 5 different courses off the menu, and I do look forward to returning to have a full serving of a main. The beef with mushrooms and truffle was just divine. Oh my goodness I could eat truffles every day.  This is definitely somewhere to come for a very nice meal, that is a treat or a special occasion. I noticed the fixed price two courses for £16 Market Menu which looked like really good value and a fantastic way to try some of the finer food in the city.  Unless your tastebuds are a bit wack, I can't imagine anyone turning their nose up at the culinary feast at Mark Greenaway. Quite the opposite - our whole table dived into the mini fish-bowl of custard to appreicate that apple-wood smoke as best we could. That's some ingenius, innovative but still tasty cooking.
5 Mark Greenaway better be careful or he may find a Jen-shaped object that has become a permanent part of the furniture. (Except it wouldn't just be Jen-shaped, it would actually be me.)  I am a little lost for words about how to sum up all the immense foodie love for Mark Greenaway - and for those that know me, leaving me speechless is no easy task.  This is sumptuous, refined dining but without the uncomfortable pomp. You can't deny that fine dining is often accompanied by a certain air, slightly subdued and more civilised than the local gastro-pub. Yes this is warranted, as people sit in hushed awe at the delightful dishes they are about to enjoy. But sometimes this can drift more towards an arts-for-arts sake approach to dining. I adore good food. I love an excuse to sip a cool crisp Chardonnay and linger over a 4 hour meal with amuse bouche, petit fours, coffee, then whisky. I also do like to be a little fancy. But I don't want to feel uncomfortable and that I need to 'fit in'.  Mark Greenaway is a wonderful restaurant that has the hushed tones and calm atmosphere of the more sophsiticated diners but is so approachable, genuinely warm and friendly, and the menu accesible that it pretty much ticks all my boxes.  The menu is quite wonderful. I dined here most recently with the Yelp Eats menu, which was a prix fixe menu. Even with the more limited menu I was already spoiled for choice. Pork Belly or Skate Wing? Belly or Wing? I ended up going for the Langoustine Broth with Caviar for a starter, and Skate Wing Sous Vide with olive mash and squid as my main.  Our party were first treated to the Amuse Bouche. A small mouthful of creamy heaven to whet our appetite. The thing I love about the food here, apart from how happy it makes my taste buds, is the sensory treat it provides. My broth arrived as a large bowl of foamed broth with some caviar peeking out the top. After delving in I found one large raviollo on a bed of spinach with the langoustines inside. Creative presentation, that has more than a little fun to it, but still as delicious as any.  The Skate Wing I had already tried at my previous taster tour menu. At my last meal it'd been a moderate portion, as I was eating three other mains. However, I didn't quite expect to receive such a generous portion this time around - but that is certainly no complaint.  Have a look at my uploaded photo. The most tender, juicy piece of skate wing rolled up served with the most light olive mash (far lighter and cleaner on the palate than a tapenade), and some teasingly delicious bits of fried squid. Despite that both my plates were fish, and quite light, I was hugely satisfied and very well fed.   Whilst none of us went for dessert, imagine my joy at being presented with some beautiful platters of petit fours. As Kevin L described one as '1000 calorie ants on a log", very tongue in cheek, but there was one particularly dense, rich, heady dark chocolate truffle that I had a tiny bit of...then went back to finish that, and another, it was too good. And that little bite of white chocolate that turned out to be lemon meringue pie in chocolate form. Oh my. It is a good thing there was only one within my reach!  The dinner lasted for 4 1/2 hours and at no point did we feel it had stretched on. The atmosphere at Mark Greenaway invites you to luxuriate in your surroundings, take your time over your meal, and enjoy good conversation in beautiful surroundings.  Words cannot do it justice. The food is just out of this world and a cut above the rest. This is somewhere I will come for a special occasion, but also perhaps for a mid-week treat meal. Like I said, it ticks all my boxes and for that I am a huge fan.  Now, can I justify skate wing sous vide for a mid-week lunch?!
5 Fellow Yelper Geoff K and I decided to take advantage of the great Yelp dinner offer going on this week to try Mark Greenaway's restaurant.  I've been meaning to try his fine dining for a while now, after reading so many good reviews and this was the perfect opportunity to sample some of his fine dining at an affordable price. We had booked a table for 7.30 pm and when we arrived, the lovely lady at the reception took us to our table, which was a nice corner table. We were quite surprised that the restaurant was so quiet, but I guess it is mid term holiday this week, and it was a Tuesday.  I have to admit that I felt a bit self conscious as we were the only ones in the room but our hostess was lovely and chatty. We ordered our food and as we had both opted for the pork as a main and were a bit uncertain about the wine, we were recommended a reasonably priced Pinot Grigio.  After a very short wait, we were brought a delicious pea and mint amuse-bouche.  I love when restaurants do that.  It's very common in France but you only seem to get it in fine dining places in Scotland. That was certainly a lovely start to the meal. For starter, G had gone for the terrine and after hesitating all day between the cullen skink and the ravioli, I opted for the ravioli.  I do love cullen skink but this was too good an opportunity not to try that delicious sounding dish! Both starter plates looked very pretty and were a pleasure to the palate. The main course then arrived.  I had been looking forward to that slow cooked pork all day and it certainly looked as pretty as it tasted!  The crackling is just soooo good with a little bit of salt. Divine! Now, I did say on twitter that I would have liked the texture of cooked apple with it, but that's probably just because I'm French!  The dish is fantastic and the puree and the jus were very delicate and delicious.   Our waitress was very attentive and the service was quick. We were offered pudding but didn't opt for it as we were feeling full and were left to finish our bottle of wine. I haven't mentioned that the restaurant is nicely and tastefully decorated, the lighting is quite low, which make a pleasant and intimate atmosphere, and I did like the background music, which was jazzy enough to create an atmosphere but not overpowering at all. I can't wait to go back, and will happily save some pennies to be able to afford the normal price! Also, I haven't found out how to add pictures to a review but I have posted the pictures to the restaurant's profile so everybody can admire the faultless presentation. Hats off Mr Greenaway, and thank you for partnering with Yelp!
5 Seriously blown away by the quality of the dishes! The Yelp Eats menu offered brilliant choices and excellent value. We summed it up: "Mr Greenaway has his place buzzing. The food is of the most exceptional quality, the service spot on, and the restaurant a real upgrade on how they've had that room layed out in the past. We were delighted that their participation in the Yelp week compelled us to visit. We'll be back and we'll be back often."
5 I'll admit, I don't know much about fine dining - a lot of the times I honestly do question the value of the meals that some establishments offer. But there are places where you do have to just doff your cap in admiration - and Mark Greenaway is one of them. This restaurant is a 5 star... and more.   Given my reluctance to try out restaurants which may break my monthly salary, Yelp Eats was the perfect introduction to MG. The quality of food, service and overall dining experience was simply superb. The service was flawless. The plateware was gorgeous, as were the wine glasses. The dining room itself muted and understated in a modern/trad style. Loved the music. I hadn't even reached the food at this point.   First up: an amuse bouche of pea and mint *frothy soup* (sorry, I can't remember the more refined term for this...spuma?) which, if I am honest, was the best part of the meal and made me sorely regret that I didn't opt for the pea and mint risotto for my main. It definitely was a tastebud tickler.   This was followed by a graciously selected slice of white rustic bread (I love good bread, so had to note it's attendence) and delivery of the mixed seafood raviolo in a langoustine broth with avruga caviar. Frankly just saying that adds a few notches to my culinary repetoire, let alone the opportunity to eat it. The presentation in a lidded deep dish added a lovely element of surprise, digging through langoustine-infused foam to reach the surprisingly large raviolo nesting on wilted greens below. The flavour of the raviolo was perhaps a little too delicate for my tastes, but the broth was lovely.   For the main, I chose, based on Jenny l.'s enthusiastic description, the skate wing, and foresaking my previous intent on the risotto. Lets be honest here, if I had had it my way, I would have had both, but sometimes life doesn't play that way. I wasn't a super fan of the beetroot puree, but the skate-wing simply dissolved away during consumption, and the olive mash was equally melt in the mouth,. The squid, which can be touch and go for me, was one of the last items on the plate along with the mash - which for me means it was the best. The beetroot crisps were an odd but pleasant sensation - wafer, melting and not what I think of when I think of beetroot.   My mum also had the ham hough, which she tucked into with gusto. Both my parents had the 11 hr slow cooked pork which was reportedly delicious and non-greasy. The spiced fillet accompaniment was also a hit.   I have to make note as well of the presentation - each dish presented was a work of art. A feast for the eyes, the nose, the mouth. In the end, we opted to pay extra for a dessert, and to make this meal last a little longer. To the table, 2 dishes of bramley apple 6 ways and one cheese plate. The apple sorbet was a revelation and a new found love. Apple crisps and puree were a lovely contrast in flavour, but the jelly was instantly forgettable for both myself and my mother. My dad enjoyed the cheeses, although the goats cheese delivered a kick worthy of a hind leg.   Overall, with the wine and dessert, we spent far more than what the Yelp Eats menu offered, but oh, what a way to go. And now, I know, MG is worth every single penny you spend there. It was an absolute treat to go there and essentially dry run the restaurant on a budget I could afford. Next time, the funds are being saved so I can revisit and dine once more in the most exquisite of styles.
5 Please someone let me give this place 6 stars..... if it were possible I would give it to this restaurant in a heartbeat. After reading all about the yelp eats deal that was going on last week and having a lookey at the menus I decided that I really wanted to go try out Mark Greenaway.... plus a certain little well known 'yelp fairy' may have recommended it to me! And Jenny....... THANK YOU!!!   This is by far the best restaurant I have been to, so far. The menu may read a little up-market and I did worry that I may stick out like a sore thumb, but not at all. The service was spot on, professional, but not to the point that they won't be friendly and have a wee laugh with you, which is just what I am after. I do not want to be served by a robot who has no intention of interacting with you in any way, that ain't my style. Then, oh, then there was the food. Presentation is impeccable! Not a single thing out of place on any plate! We both had the seafood raviolo...... delish, and not too filling. I then had the skate, with the olive mash which I was a little unsure of, olives and me, we are rare acquaintances, we do not get on. But in this case, we got on like a house on fire, the flavour complimented the skate perfectly and I devoured the whole plate. My friend had the pork belly which he ranted on about for the rest of the weekend, so I figure he enjoyed it.  And last, but by no means least...... my weakness, dessert. The chocolate fondant was calling out to me, there was no way I could not have it. I think had I not that would have been a severe mistake, I loved every mouthful of it, I could eat it every night. So I would say if you go here, have the puddings, they are more than likely to be the best part of the meal! The portions as expected are not what you would get in a hearty rustic pub, it is QUALITY over quantity, but I left feeling satisfied and grinning from ear to ear and not with that horrible stuffed feeling you sometimes get - and I had 3 courses!! Basically, the moral of this yelp eats story is simple - GO.
4 Well it's taken nearly a week, but I've finally got around to reviewing my visit... We'd booked at table as part of the YelpEats offer (£15 for 2 courses). Although the menu was different to the main one, it still certainly looked good. We arrived just before our table booking time and were shown straight to our table. The restaurant was pretty quiet, we were the only ones in our part of the restaurant, I think this was probably due to it being mid week and school holidays. Anyway I digress! The place is stunning, although I think it would be a bit more comfortable with a few more people in.  We looked at the menu, but in reality have both pretty much chosen in advance. I ordered the 'Ham Hough and Shallot Terrine' starter, and '11 Hour Slow Roasted Pork Belly' main.   Given that I haven't a clue about wine we asked the restaurant manageress (not a clue if this is the right title!) to advise us. Given that this is a very fancy place, this worried me! I needn't have been, we got a really nice bottle of white which didn't break the bank (£21 I think).   First to come out was a pea and mint puree amuse bouche (I only just learnt the name). A pleasant surprise before our starter. It was nice, not my favourite part of the meal, but certainly did it's job in preparing us for the starter.  This was followed shortly by some nice warm bread, and then our starters. Visually it was great. Yet surprisingly for 'fine dining' it was fairly substantial too. It came with red wine jelly, roasted hazelnuts and hazelnut mayo.  The hazelnut and terrine was a great combination of flavours. My only suggestion would be for more of the actual hazelnuts, or for the mayo to be more strongly flavoured.  Onto the main.... Again arriving promptly the main looked just as good. As well as the belly pork there was sliced pork fillet, pomme puree (a nice creamy mashed potato for the common of us), savoy cabbage, and cubes of toffied apple.  The pork fillet was really tender and tasty, mash was really smooth (but not too much). The real winner (and my favourite bit of the meal by far) was the slow roasted pork belly. I've not seen such a uniform piece of belly pork (a perfect square with immaculate crackling), but this attention certainly didn't take away from it's substance. It was very much 'melt in the mouth' stuff! The only thing it was lacking in my opinion was salt to bring the flavour out. However unlike a lot of people, I prefer it this way so it can be added to taste. The flaked salt  (so much better than other types!) provided did the job perfectly.  So that was that then. A great deal from Yelp, but I'd certainly go back to try the full menu sometime. The staff were great; professional yet friendly and happy to chat unlike some other high end restaurants.   I've given 4 stars. I did consider 5 but I'm always reluctant to do this even at the best of times. I have no particular reason for not giving 5, but I think there's always room to improve (is there such thing as perfection).  Ok, enough of my long-winded nonsense. Give Mark Greenaway's a try, you certainly won't regret it!  Geoff
5 When word of the restaurants participating in Yelp Eats Week hit my ears, my first and foremost target was Mark Greenaway. I hadn't heard any reviews or recommendations of the restaurant; no one I knew had been. I knew vaguely of the restaurant and nurtured some desire to try it out mainly through my repeated visits of Hawke & Hunter above (and below) the restaurant. A firm favourite drinkery of mine, so I assumed their class and quality would reflect in the attached restaurant.  In short: My expectations were met.  For starters I opted for the Ham Hou--   But wait! What's this? This cheeky green concoction?  Before our starters were delivered, the waitress surprised our table with a complimentary aperitif of amuse bouche of warm pea mousse with truffle oil.  Fantastic! But wait (again)! Did you say peas?? I hate peas!  Unless, it appears, they are done like this...! I'll admit, I supped on the pea mousse out of politeness and I did not expect to like it as much as I did. But over all I was most impressed with the quality of this complimentary dish.  Must've been the truffle oil...... ;)  So for starters I opted for the Ham Hough Terrine with Red Wine Jelly, Roasted Hazelnut, Hazelnut Mayo and Toast. In a word: terrific. And an impressively attractive dish.  Next up, and the reason I couldn't wait to come to Greenaway's, I had the 11 Hour Slow Roasted Clash Farm Belly Pork with Pomme Puree, Savoy Cabbage and Toffee Apple Jus. Oh, the toffee apple jus! Anyone who knows me, knows I love my pork. Especially the belly. But this.... best belly ever! Crisp skin followed by immaculate layers of soft, moist pork, couple with the jus and the puree.  Up there in my top meals of all time based on the main course alone!  My only regret is coming for lunch, as it meant my time had to be brief. If I had come in the evening I would have paid the extra dragons for a dessert of Bramley Apple Plated Six Ways (Pie, Jelly, Crisps, Sorbet, Mousse, Soup). Alas time was against us. but there's always next time.  And Mark, be sure, there will be a next time. Looking forward to coming back and seeing the rest of that enticing menu.  Jen has since told me of Mark's enthusiasm and encouragement for Yelp. I must say, to have a restaurant of this quality on your side is a massive ally in Yelp's slow but steady world takeover bid. I only look forward to more collaborations between the two. A big thank you to Mark Greenaway for his positive stance on Yelp and moreover his incredible talent for food.
5 Had a fabulous lunch here with a foodie friend visiting from London. Luckily it was the day before he left otherwise we probably would have been back again the next night for dinner!  Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
5 This is certainly fine dining.   My recommendation, however, if you are a foodie on a budget, is to go for lunch. You can get 3 courses for £20 or two for £16 and change. That, in my book, is a pretty sweet deal.  Parsnip soup with parsnip chips... really creamy, decadent, and warming. Winter-time winner.   Hake with herb crust, parsnip cake, butter oysters and saffron 'air.' Oysters were divine and the hake perfectly done. Herb crust was a bit intense to eat on its own, but flavoured the fish well.  Mark has done a good job of balancing fine dining with local, seasonal food, and a proper yet unsnobby atmosphere (though the other patrons seemed to be a lot of banker-types).   This experience at £20 or less per head? I'll take it.
5 Please oh please can I just like live, drink and eat here for the rest of my life. That would make me the happiest little lady in Edinburgh, ever. Fact.  I have now returned to Mark Greenaway twice. Once with some yelpers, and after having mentioned this visit to my friend the prompt response was table, in two weeks time, us, book, now. I was hardly going to say no!?  The first visit with the yelpers was amazing. Crab cannelloni with smoked cauliflower custard. I was in awe when it came out, presentation is spot on, as was the taste of course!! Lifting off that little cone on top to be greeting by the most scrummy smokey smell, brilliant. Then there was the main.   This main is without a doubt the best plate of food I have ever eaten.  Gressingham Duck with potato croquettes, sausage roll, watermelon and tarragon gravy. It was mind blowing, the flavour of that gravy was so intense and delicious we may have had to ask for some more bread to mop it up with. The duck, unlike most duck I have had, was melt in the mouth. Not in the slightest bit chewy as it sometimes can be. Sausage roll, potato croquette..... man. I may sound like I am totally exaggerating, but as the other yelpers will verify, it is THAT good.  On the second visit, I had parsnip veloute to start, which I had quite eagerly just jumped past whilst scanning the options. But on further inspection it came with a ham hough tortellini, curried parsnips and parsnip crisps. Yes please. My friend opted for the same, and we were both totally pleased with our choice, simply devine. Then for main I had hake with lobster ravioli, purple mash and a ginger and spring onion broth. I don't even like ginger!?! I swear I could come here and be given a whole plate based entirely on mushrooms and I would be converted. Again, utterly flawless, the fish was cooked to perfection. All the flavours are well balanced and compliment each other perfectly.  Ok, now I am starting to rant on a little. So I shall break it down into simple points as to why, after reading this long winded review, you should go eat here  - My friend that came on the second visit, drove all the way down from Aberdeen for the weekend just so he could come.  - I have been three times, and each time I have had the chocolate fondant. If I were to go back tonight, I would have it again! - The service is always attentive and friendly.  .........Oh yeah, and did I mention the life changing Duck!?!?
2 I am going to break the hearts and minds of many as I write this review.   Chide as you must - I speak only the truth.   I will first admit that I am far closer to the classless slob end of the spectrum than an appreciator of fine cuisine...  I will second admit that I came here on a 'pay what you like' night so I may have never ventured in here otherwise...  I will third admit that half the reason my experience was so shit was because everyone else was dying over their food saying it was the greatest thing they had ever tasted...  I will fourth admit that I am a vegetarian, so I have zero opinion of the duck or the quail or the lamb or whatever...  I will fifth admit that I had no idea what spelt was when I ordered it (not that I really had any choice, this was the only vegetarian option)  I will sixth admit that the desserts were more than five stars...   Now that I have explained all the reasoning behind my opinion really not mattering to you on the topic - I shall give you my opinion.   Seriously? A fucking FIVE STAR restaurant that gets nothing but amazing perfect rave reviews doesn't have anything brilliant and special to offer a non-meat eater in 2012, in a fairly hip city in Europe?   Was it horrendous? No.  Was it better than a cheese and onion sandwich from Tesco... JUST.   Maybe I'm wrong, but I think it's pretty standard to make sure there's a couple of decent options for veggies on the menu and this place didn't, at all.   Not to mention the ONE option wasn't even an option at all, it was an appetizer turned meal.   Maybe having one option would have been fine if it wasn't so obvious that no one gave a shit about that option (and in turn in my mind people who don't eat meat) and the duck was going to be perfection defined. The quail was going to make you orgasm with joy.  The lamb was going to melt in your mouth. The steak was going to be heaven on a fork.  And the spelt was ALWAYS going to be crap in comparison.   The dessert made up for it being the worst meal ever... but not enough.
5 We loved the entire experience! Staff was attentive but not hovering. Food was spectacular starting with the amuse bouche - a warm chestnut, potato, leak purée with truffle and peanut oil - it was delicious and just the perfect temperature served in a small elegant glass on a plank of hardwood as a serving tray. Just very thoughtful and the flavors were perfect. For appetizers Debra got the Loch Crab Cannelloni and I ordered the Hom Ham tureen with Scallop. The crab was wrapped in a paper thin crepe on a small bed of greens suspended over sauce infused with beets all in a cone shaped glass that fit into a narrow throated glass bowl. The  bowl contained yet another sauce at the bottom and filing the rest of the bowl was a fog of smoke from hardwood. The two glasses were separated and the smoke released exciting the senses.  Each component was  tasted individually before mixing into what Debra described as the most luscious crab she has ever had. There were so many components that it was hard to make them all out. However, the result was a merging of flavors that was unique and in a class by itself. The tureen was also spectacular , packed with succulent ham in a flavorful gelatin where hints of coriander, clove, mustard and garlic seemed to be present. It was topped with a perfectly cooked medium sized scallop with small cubes of jelly for accompaniment . I honestly cannot identify what those cubes were made from but that didn't stop me from using a bit with each bite. Fabulous! Main courses did not disappoint. Debra's pork belly was soooo scrumptious she said not a word to me during that course except to make some sounds of joy after each bite. My duck breast with sausage rolls and tarragon jus was as the Italians say "OTTIMO" the ultimate. Perfectly cooked rare with crisp skin and the portion size was more than adequate. I was in heaven and the glass of Rioja I had with it was icing on the cake. We finally shared a deconstructed peanut butter caramel cheese cake with hot chocolate sauce - as we ooh'ed and ahh'ed our way through that imaginative and just incredible dessert we both looked at each other and said, "it really doesn't get any better than this!" but we were wrong because when the bill came we could not believe that food this good could be so reasonably priced. It was worth every penny for sure, and it was one of the best dinning experiences Debra and I have had. We cannot say enough about it except to say we will be back! Thanks to the excellent chefs and front of house staff for a time we will remember with great fondness! I wish there were more stars to award!!!
5 I was kindly invited along with a number of other Yelpers to the viewing of Day 1 of the heats for the Great British Menu.  Having never been to Mark's restaurant before (but hearing good things about it!) I was very excited to come along.  Firstly, we were greeted by some delicious Perrier-Jouët champagne, which definitely went down a treat. The amuse-bouche selection was beautifully presented and delicious. I really enjoyed the crab (and I think with avocado) and the duck eggs benedict. So this certainly prepared us for the starter to come.  We had a lovely room, which is obviously used for private dining or larger parties, through the back of the restaurant, which was really nice and intimate.   Mark was giving people the chance to try each of the courses he presented. We had the starter which consisted of braised pork cheek, hot apple jelly and sea buckthorn. Certainly, I was interested to try this, having never tried cold pork cheek or sea buckthorn.   To be honest the sea buckthorn did have a very aniseedy flavour, but the other flavours in the dish took most of that away, and it just gave it that spark of something different to taste. I thought the cubes of apple jelly were delicious and complimented the pork cheek very well, which was perfectly cooked and tender. There were some lovely bright pink 'petals' which looked gorgeous and the colours rerally were spectacular.  We watched the show live, which was great fun and met Mark who was really down to earth and friendly. It was funny hearing his stories of how different the chefs are from what, we as viewers, see once the finished programme has been edited.  Anyway, all in all a great night and I'm looking forward to episode 2 tonight. Even if he does not win I will definitely be going back to his restaurant for the full experience and recommending it to friends and family!   Go Mark Greenaway! :)   Thanks again, Morven.
5 My third venture to Mark Greenaway last night but having also having had the pleasure of meeting the guy last night could help but now take the time to write a review.  This for me is one of the finest destination restaurants the city has to offer, for molecular gastromomy that still delivers swesome flavour as well as style Mark is nothing short of a genuis.  Last night I was lucky enough to try the dish he presented to the Great British Menu as well as a selction of amuse-bouche. Duck Eggs bennedict, crab wrapped in avocado.....duck egg with proschuito....very tasty and washed down by the free flowing champagne.  To the dish itself, braised pork cheek wrapped in bettroot, hot apple jelly, apple gel, apple blossum and sea buckthorn. Together I though the flavours were all great. If I had a criticism I would like a touch of heat to come from somewhere - horseradish or similar or if there is the play og pork/apple then some crunch for texture.  To be fair I am being hypercritical as this is the very highest end of Edinburgh dining, will I be back again? Of course!!  Very happy Jd!!
5 WARNING: Must read like a rapper.  Champagne flowing in the VIP,  While I watch that Mark on that big TV.   Surrounded by the bloggers and edinburgh elites,  It was a perfect settin' for a meet and greet.   He started us off with a canape,  appetizer that makes you say  "Hay!'    Can't holla enough about that pork, Put that starter right onto ma fork.  So in all what I had was really nice,  Fo gods sakes he coulda cooked it fo me twice.   Love. Peace. HOLLA!..
5 So Friday was m,y birthday and I was keen to get me some good food!  What could be better than a 3 course meal at Mark Greenaway.....well....I will tell you....... a 3 course meal at Mark Greenaway for £20!!!!  Yes Yelperoonis - Mark has a market menu that runs up to 7pm and offers a choice of 3 starters, 4 mains, 3 deserts all from the full menu.  Unbelievable value and as always the food was stunning. Friend of mine is on a search for the citys best prk belly dish and I think i may have found it. Check the photos I added but i can tell you its delicious.  The duck egg starter was visiually stunning and had bags of flavour. The salted caramel and penutbutter chessecake was umptious and also just a visual masterpiece!  Ooooober happy jd! Tweeted about my experience and got a tweet back from the man himself....legend!
5 I was staying at the Indigo Hotel just a few minutes away from Mark Greenaway and when it was time for dinner the weather was, as often is the case, not really the best so it was not a difficult choice to walk the few minutes to Mark Greenaway. I did not know that much about the place before so had no real expectations before.  Not sure how the dining scene in Edinburgh normally works but was surprised that the place was fairly empty on a Thursday night but not that it bothered us. It did look a bit fancy and upscale so we did feel that we should perhaps have dressed up but when looking around it seemed as it was not really expected (at least judging from the guest at the few other tables).  The service was friendly and efficient,the only thing that was slightly confusing was that we had 4 people involved in our service during the evening. There was a clear difference in skill and knowledge and the sommelier appeared to be the most knowledgeable on both wines and the food so ended up asking him any questions.  The food was excellent for everyone. A lot of effort also went into the presentation of the food and while it at times felt as if they were trying a bit too hard everything did taste wonderful. I had the pork belly as a main that was excellent (pate as a starter, also great) and the others at the table were also happy with their choices. Desserts delivered as well.   Value for money was excellent and it was without a doubt the best meal we had in Edinburgh.
5 I'm cheating a little to review this from the experience of the Raconteur pop-up bar but it was fab and as I keep raving about it when I go back West, then its about time I Yelp about it.  As a bit of a cocktail queen - my former work colleagues nicknamed me the cocktail queen as every suggestion of a night out was responded to by me as 'I know this great bar which does fab cocktails' so I couldn't respond over dodgy wi-fi quick enough when the suggestion of the Yelper visit was posted on the discussion boards.  I hadn't visited no12 before but I loved it - all luxurious but cosy and friendly at the same time, and probably after another cocktail, I may have nabbed the chaise in the ladies and refused to move, such was my level of comfort.  The cocktails themselves were fab (especially the Grey Goose summer fruits and the Charlie Chaplin - big fan of getting some of my 5-a-day in cocktail form). I actually liked not quite knowing what I was sampling cocktail wise till I tried it ( I would never normally order a cocktail with absinthe in it!) but it was the Mark Greenaway canapes which were awesome.  Yelpers were provided with the chicken equivalent of prawn crackers (OMG), home made crisps, curry popcorn (sounds weird but I found it strangely moreish!) and the daddy of them all, the pork belly. The pork belly in sweet chili sauce was to die for - now as someone who is somewhat fat phobic when there is fab on meat (I don't care if it helps the meat cook better), it was a tentative try at first but then I couldn't stop picking at those little bites of heaven. The pork belly was fab and even the fatty bits were melt in the mouth divine and even writing this, I feel as if I'm not portraying its full awesomeness as I could.  I'm already trying to work out (in between work visits away) when I can go to sample the full fabulousness of Mark Greenaway's restaurant (luckily Taste is coming up immediately after my next work trip) so more salivating and looking forward to trying more delights :-)
5 OMG where do I start?? My first experience of Mark Greenaway was as a result of yelp for the Raconteur pop up bar which was absolutely amazing!! I love cocktails but probably stick to my old favourites so it was nice to experience a menu which differed from the rest all of which had my tastebuds buzzing with excitement - the Summer cup martini was just to DIE for!! You can really taste the fruit and the kick is so smooth it can be dangerous.. They are just too moreish!!  Gutted when Taste of Edinburgh was cancelled I decided I had to try the food at 12 Picardy Place.. So after a revisit for a cheeky wee Raconteur cocktail we headed downstairs to try the Market menu - 3 courses of fantastic food for £20! Well at that price it would be rude not to!!   As a renowned 'fussy' eater (and gluten free) I was so happy to see a menu where there were several things I wanted to try... After much deliberation I opted for the Ham hock terrine to start which when it arrived I felt almost guilty about eating as it was soo beautifully presented.. with interesting mallow like swirls, jelly cubes, a scallop and scattered flowers each mouthful was a new adventure! This was followed by the 12 hour slow-roasted pork belly with a toffee-apple jus..... WOW!! The crackling was just amazing and the pork so tender and juicy and accompanied by the most amazing tasting and textured creamy mash potato - I'm sure it probably had a better description on the menu but I can say that my tastebuds were on overdrive! I really thought things couldnt get much better.... then dessert arrived - salted caramel cheesecake straight from Heaven!! Every mouthful was savoured in that eyes closed kind of way!!   The attention to detail in the presentation of all of the food was exquisite and the tastes were like a fireworks display on your tongue! Cant recommend it enough and I'll definately be back with friends soon!!
5 Oh Mark, who art at Piccardy Place....Hallowed by thy food.....Yelp did come.......and we were done......by your amazing food. Forgive us this day our belt buckles as we remember those deserts. :o)  But seriously, was lucky enough to be on a Yelp table of 18 last night to samply the new menu. And all I can really say is wow. Mark has set some great standards some opening and the food is stunning.  My meal....oh well......I started with his take on a Scottish breakfast. Hot smoked salmon, poached qauil egg on fois gras and black pudding on a tattie scone. The fois gras was delicious, the salmon delicious if perhaps in need of a little seasoning.  For main I had the aged rump steak with bone marrow jus! This came with slices of truffle and fondant veg. The balance was just right, the tender beef, the truffle the rich jus just wonderful! Very happy JD.  For desert I went against the masses and opted for the Tastes of Banoffee, small banana pastry, a bread of banana that was so light it was like candy floss, sugared candy banana, a sauce that looked like a tweel...it was amazing!!! Very happy!  Finished it with a whisky and a coffeee and all were agreed as to what a great night we had. And then when all seemed done Mark came to see us and take the aclaim he richly deserves and was kind enough to show us the new bedrooms he is opening above. All I will say is go stay there!!!!  A great night with great company. A warm welcome to our new Yelper Sam who has joined us from San Francisco - I forsee many foodie conversations!!!  Jd = beyond being a happy man!!
5 Crikey that was good food.  I have to admit I was incredibly surprised by the stellar combination that Mr Greenaway has employed in his restaurant.  The menu is ridiculous, resulting in lots of "ooh I think I want that, but OOH look at that!  oh argh that looks amazing too!" and the food that followed was... wow.  It's beautifully and creatively presented (the applewood smoke with the crab cannelloni was sooooo cool) but indeed also incredibly good.  In addition, it's the perfect size so as to not leave you stuffed after the starter, and to leave you perfectly satisfied after two courses and comfortably full after three.    The timing of the courses was also ideal.  I often find that within minutes of my starter being taken away, my main appears, giving me no time to digest a bit and have a chat.  I've gotten used to that and plan to spend maybe an hour and a half when I'm out for a meal, and that's with coffee.  Not so at Mark Greenaway.  We luxuriated for over three and a half hours over an amuse bouche, three courses and coffee.    The wine list was excellent - not too much, not too little, and with a wonderful range in pricing.    The staff were attentive, incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and just generally lovely.  The pricing of the food is what really topped the experience.  For such fancy food of excellent quality, the prices were incredibly reasonable.  I don't recall seeing any mains in the £30 range and the most expensive starter was £10.  Pair this with set menus for 2 or 3 courses (for £16.50 and £20, respectively) and you really have a steal.  I was expecting Mark Greenaway to be good but I had no idea it would be this good.  Seriously.    I need to come up with a special occasion as soon as possible so I can go back.
5 Mark Greenaway has a reputation as one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh, and it delivers in a big way.  The food is creative, upscale, and luxurious.  I was fortunate enough to be invited to a special meal hosted by the sponsors of this excellent website to celebrate the fall menu.  I had a wonderfully creative starter: smoked scottish salmon, homemade black pudding on tiny tattie scone, and poached quail egg on foie gras (eat your heart out SF!).  The dish was soft and luscious, with dark and smoky notes.  Sadly it was under seasoned, spoiling pure enjoyment.  Overall the perfect execution of each of the elements more than made up for this transgression.   My main was an 11 hour smoked pork belly, served with the most velvety canelle of mashed potato, a lovely cabbage slaw, and a few slices of juicy pork loin.  The plate was kissed with a toffee sauce that was pure sweet and salty heaven.  The belly itself was absolutely perfect, soft fat sandwiched between smoked meat and crispy cracklin.  I would have loved a bit more sauce (actually I would have downed a glass of it if offered), and maybe more cabbage or another vegetable on the plate might have helped cut the richness of the meat and mash.  Despite these suggestions the dish itself was a meat-lovers triumph, and I can see why it is one of Mark's signature dishes.  Desert was a celebration of chocolate so rich it might have defeated a lesser man.  Luckily I was up to the challenge (ok maybe the wee dram of Caol Ila fortified me a bit).  The presentation was stunning (true of all the dishes really), with a perfectly cooked fondant cake balanced by layered white chocolate mousse wrapped in a delicate chocolate.  Orange caviar rounded out the plate.  The cake was rich, dark, and sinful, perfect 70% cocoa simplicity.  I don't normally like white chocolate, but the mousse was soft and tangy, perfect to cut the richness of the chocolate.  The orange caviar was clever, but could have been integrated better into the dish.  Overall an incredible meal, amazingly progressed and well presented.  The quality of ingredients and care in preparation make it easy to overlook the minor flaws in execution.  I will most assuredly be back to see what else Mark has to offer.  Many thanks to Jenny L for hosting us, and to my wonderful dinner companions (Jurgen D, Jackie G to name a few) for conspiring to deliver a memorable evening.
5 Not the teenage OMG! but Ohhhh Mark Greenaway! Tingling and tantalised taste buds are now spoilt after my visit to No.12 Picardy Place.  Having fell in love with some pork belly a few months ago, I was desperate to return. Small spanner almost in the works though - well several actually. Firstly Taste was flooded out, I missed Foodies as I was in the US and then third time unlucky - the news was that Mark was launching a new menu. I was determined to have pork belly cooked by the man himself before it disappeared so I reconfigured my schedule to include a visit pre, instead of post, work trip.  What an experience - OMG. It was amazing and everything and more it should be. This is fine dining and everything is just perfect. Gorgeous location and fantastic service. As part of a twitter offer, we received a free glass of champagne, even though we were ordering off the Market Menu (3 courses, £20), it magically appeared at the table without being requested. Service was attentive without being obtrusive.  And now for the food - sheer bliss! I'm gluten free and usually this can result in little unhappy faces throughout the meal as more disappears from the plate than appears on it. Not an issue here and dishes could be adapted to suit dietary requirements.  Gluten free bread was provided - a gf brown and seeded version which was lovely and crispy (and its a nice touch so you feel less 'special needs' and more special).   So to start: Ham Hock, with scallop and pea puree, apple meringues and edible flowers. Lovely. The main flavour of the ham hock came through, complimented but not over powered by the other flavours and the scallop was cooked to perfection.   For mains, it had to be the Pork Belly with savoy cabbage, pomme puree, apple and toffee apple jus. It was to die for. Seriously. I was almost Meg Ryan in the sandwich shop in When Harry Met Sally. It was just THAT good. I am fat phobic when it comes to meat and I hate more fat than meat but this was a perfectly meaty piece of pork belly, with the crispiest crackling - not too salty but with a lovely light sweetness. 12 hours of sheer cooking artistry. It was divine and I was as happy as the piece of piggy on my plate probably would have been in the dirt.  However, I came for 3 courses and I was having 3 courses. Being gluten free, I did worry that I couldn't have the salted caramel and peanut cheesecake with warmed chocolate sauce, but not at all. A modified version, minus the non gf base was provided (pistachios were instead of the base) and the dessert was simply divine - lots of lovely nutty sweetness and not so sweet it was sickly. Sheer bliss. I couldn't get enough of the warmed chocolate sauce and had to refrain myself from doing 'the finger scoop' of getting the last remaining bits of chocolate sauce from the little jug.  A pot of tea sounded like a lovely way to finish off the meal and given the decadence of all that passed before then it was a solid 'oh go on then' when offered the Petit Four's. Now being gf we knew that some petit fours would be off the menu for us and we got gorgeous chocolate truffles instead - nah, nah, nah, nah, nah! They were divine - utterly gorgeous and definitely worth being 'special' for. Chocolate and coconut and white chocolate and gooey lemon centre (don't try to bite the white choc ones in half as it will be messy) - they were so good!  Food was simply stunning and ranks as my best meal - nudging out the simple and now closed, legendary Rome restaurant visited a decade ago. Mark Greenaway is a god - beautiful, simple ingredients, transformed into something simply stunning. Chatting to the man himself after lunch, I found out the pork belly is staying on the new menu - praise the Lord!
4 Our dinner started with the most amazing amuse bouche (celeriac and hazelnuts and other goodness). I really couldn't get enough of it.  Then my starter arrived. LOVE at first sight. A beautiful radicchio risotto with a hens egg. This was lush. Loved it. My main was aged rump with a marrow jus and some roasted veg. I didn't love it. It was good and the technique was all there but the roasted veg wasn't all that and the meat didn't melt in my mouth as I would have expected. My dessert was abstract art on a plate. Broken lemon tart. I didn't really get the concept of it and should've gone with the pear  four ways, which looked amazing.   Overall the food was good. It showed great technique and art but I expected a wee bit more flavorwise. Next time I will be going for the pork belly, hands down and the pear.
5 The great writer Virgina Woolf once wrote "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well."    Well, last Thursday night, a private dining table of Yelpers thought well and went home to a happily sound sleep after dining at No.12 Picardy Place...and I know we all fell in love with the delicious food and wonderful experience we had.  I've been waiting on the perfect opportunity to dine at No.12 Picardy Place, and the chance to sample the new menu with such wonderful company was too good to miss.   Mr Greenaway kindly settled us into a private dining area, and our service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waiting staff were friendly, attentive and had the right balance of being highly professional, but completely approachable. The restaurant itself is beautifully designed with a clever mix of classic and contemporary, and provided a perfect venue for a memorable meal.  However, as Ms Woolf quite rightly points out, the dining is the most important part of the happiness experience, and blimey were we happy.  Every single dish was admired, gushed over and appreciated fully before we even lifted our forks and knives.  For me, it was a starter of Hand-Dived Orkney Sea Scallops which were prepared perfectly and served on a pomme fondant. Tender, sweet and wonderfully balanced with tomato jelly and parsley mayonnaise. I have never savoured a dish so much...until my main course! Pan Roasted Hake fillet was next with purple mash, lobster tortellini and pumpkin. It was delicate, and so fresh I suspect it leaped straight out of the sea onto my plate. The combination of flavours was sublime, the dish was beautifully presented and my plate was spotless at the end.  During my meal I had a couple of glasses of a tasty Sauvignon Blanc, which went well with my seafood starter and main course and, at £5 a glass, was excellent value.  To end, I choose a Chocolate Fondant with a vanilla tuile, white chocolate mousse and tonka bean ice cream. This was again presented with such elegance, and was absolutely delicious. Every element combined well and the dish had the right balance of hot & cold, sweet (but not overly!) with the rich cocoa working well with orange caviar.  Everything was relaxed, each dish was served at just the right time and the conversations flowed. As a wonderful conclusion, we had a visit from Mark and a personal tour around the new hotel rooms upstairs from the restaurant. They were absolutely gorgeous, and excellent value for money, as was our meal.  As I was finishing this review, I pondered the thoughts of one Mr Mark Twain, who wrote, "When one has tasted it, he knows what the angels eat"...  ...after this meal, I think we would all agree it was just like Heaven!
4 Now, I'm starting (OK, well starting is probably a poor word) to sound like a whinger. And I am not just talking about the review that follows, but I've noticed a trend of contrary reviews. That's ok, I try to keep myself unbiased as best I can, and to that regard, I award 4 stars, a drop from 5.   *audible gasp from the audience*  There are reasons, oh yes there is, and I still regard MG as some sort of culinary god. But, it's a new menu, and I think it needs to get of it's training wheels. Flavours-wise don't feel quite together yet. Presentation, as always, flawless. Service struggled with a table of 18, but was pleasant throughout, but time between courses was quite long, but I put that down to the sheer effort in presentation, however glasses were rarely empty (although my other half did observe as he didn't drink wine, he wasn't offered anything else to drink bar water). I came away with the same satisfied feeling as before and did have a fabulous evening, but perhaps with less wow involved.   So apart from time, the amuse bouche - celeriac (yum) and the flavour in the espuma packed a punch, but not quite sure red amaranth and a very surprisingly solid hazelnut matched in either flavour or texture.   Starter: crab cannelloni and smoked cauliflower custard. Presentation was... just .... awesome. An inspirational dish. But... it was so cold there were ice crystals inside the cannelloni (which with the spinach butter acting as the pasta, it made sense to be so cold) which I didn't particularly enjoy. The display of releasing the applewood smoke and the flavours in the smoked cauliflower custard was fantastic and surpassed the cannelloni itself.   For my main, I went for the hake. I will note, which I hadn't noticed on my previous visit, that there is a major lack of vegetarian meals - starter, yes, but not main course, which I do find curious. In that manner, I am of course, biased. The hake was beautifully cooked, and I do recommend that the broth is added, it was delicious. The purple potato mash was the best item on the plate (with a nod to Bodger and Badger, I do love me some mashed potato) - the flavour in the potato were beautifully captured. I did notice that mashed potato was a popular theme in the dishes around me as well. Again, I am mesmerised by the detail in the dish in front of me.   Finally, as I couldn't really say no (similar to last time really) to desert and this time, went for the broken lemon tart. That was a fun looking dish! It reminded my (looks-wise, not flavour) of Bassetts Liquorice Allsorts. The lemon tart pieces were fab, and shortbread base, packed full of buttery goodness. I *think* there was a lemon ice cream - that didn't really stand out for me, flavours were too close to the tart to be discernible - and coconut jelly, which to be honest, had attracted me to the dish in the first place - but it was utterly lacking in flavour - definitely felt like a dud. A week on though, the sharpness of the lemon tart sticks more in my mind. And I am not thinking about the fact I ate jelly for the first time in a long time (veggie no no, I am a bad girl as i didn't check for gelatine).   Anyway, overall, if you went to MG for a beautifully presented meal, which is executed flawlessly, you won't be sorry. And I suspect, that if I returned in a few months time, or longer, that the meal I had tonight will have changed and improved. New babies need to learn to crawl, and this menu is no different.
5 I went  to Mark Greenaway as part of a large group sampling the new menu. Having tried and loved some of the pork belly from their stand at the Foodies festival a few weeks ago, I was expecting good things and I wasn't disappointed.   This was my first experience of deconstructed food, and it was a little confusing at times, but so delicious that my confusion soon evaporated in a haze of contentment. I had crab cannelloni as a starter which came balanced over a bowl of cauliflower custard and applewood smoke. Like every part of this meal the presentation was beautiful. I don't think I've ever eaten such an artistically constructed meal. Pretty as it was, I was a little unsure what to to do with my starter but fortunately the helpful waiting staff were there to explain the recommended method of eating it.   I went for the duck as a main course which was more straightforward than the crab. Unfortunately I can't remember the exact combination of ingredients that made up the dish but I haven't forgotten how good it was. A plate of inspiration that i wouldn't hesitate to recommend to any meat eater.   I had the jam jar as a dessert which consists of four plum-orientated components. This included rice pudding (as soon as I saw this a childhood nostalgia trip kicked in and I was sold) and some of the best ice cream I've ever tasted.  From start to finish the food was excellent. Delicate flavours combined with flare and imagination. The service was good without being embarrassingly formal (my glass was getting topped up before I even noticed it needed it). My only slight niggle (and it's very slight) was that the menu was a little too weighted on the side of quality over quantity. I was still hungry at the end of a three course meal but the food was so good that this isn't a major complaint. I'm looking forward to going back for more.
5 One of the finest dining experiences
5 Go Yelpers, go Yelpers, go! 69 North Castle St for Restaurant Mark Greenaway is open for business and it is divine! OMG it was beautiful and everything I had been waiting less than patiently for!   I had never visited Librizzis, the previous incarnation of the site but I was uber excited that Mark was finally opening again. I wanted to pork out on piggy so badly and on a snowy Edinburgh night I got my wish.  This was opening night but things ran smoothly with lovely, attentive staff. The restaurant has a different layout to no12 Picardy Place but the teal walls, dark stained wooden floors and gorgeous windows gave the restaurant a lovely intimate atmosphere (which clearly worked on one couple who snogged constantly between courses). The downstairs will be getting worked on with awesome plans afoot for the private dining room :-)  Loic the sommelier was fab, fabulous knowledge and recommendations and the wine cellar is awesome. Way back in the day, the building was a bank (RBS) and now Loic has commandeered the former bank vault for a wine cellar. We visited and tried a gorgeous pinot noir (v light with almost a slight edge of white citrus) but Jackie G wasn't quite ready to go full red and we ended up sharing a gorgeously refreshing sauvignon semillion.   Being the generally depressing month January is, we were both set on pud before we arrived so we ordered mains and pud, rather than 3 courses which was just enough. A shallot amuse bouche with basil oil was brought for us to have and it was lovely. Forming and warmed, it was literally tantalising our taste buds for what was to come. Yep, the pork belly is still on the menu and is my idea of pig heaven! I could have tried something else but being so fat phobic about meat, having pork belly which melts in the mouth is simply amazing and with Mark out of the scene for a couple of months, I would have killed for this dish. Combined with the caramel apple jus, savoy cabbage, apple cubes and pomme puree, I was literally in pig heaven! I had tried some of Jackie G's Aberdeen angus and it was gorgeous! Big slab of meat, cute little potato croquettes and gorgeously sticky and meaty bone marrow, complete with a lovely rich bone marrow gravy - yum!  We did do our plates justice but had a bit of a break to re-group before plunging into the dessert menu. I had the jam jar (pic posted) and as the snow kept coming down, it wad the perfect comfort food on a cold night. Plum compote, custard foam and rice pudding, it was just so yummy. A pear sorbet presented on the jar lid with a caramelised plum strip on top was gorgeous! Jackie went for the chocolate torte which was fab - sticky ginger drops, kumquat, dark chocolate and what tasted like space dust lite version (which buzzed nicely in the mouth) was fab too!   Loic came over after we discussed having digestives. A gorgeous Aussie dessert wine was provided for us to sample which Jackie went for and after spying port, I couldn't resist. Our drinks and a chat with Mark and Nicola rounded off a fabulous night. I'll definitely be back v soon - food was gorgeous and I have to say, OMG, still stands for (breathy voice) Oh Mark Greenaway...
5 There's absolutely no doubt in my mind that this restaurant is deserving of a 5* review. Without a doubt, the best eating experience I've had in my life. Mark Greenaway is a fantastic chef and his refreshingly contemporary menu definitely reflects this.   I was asked from my lovely boyfriend what I'd like for my birthday, and all I could think of was a nice meal out, and he told me to book the place of my choice. I wonder if he meant that 100%, but I took it upon myself to book a table for the opening weekend of Mark Greenaway's spectacular new restaurant on 69 North Castle Street. We headed in this evening a bit earlier (damn you Edinburgh road works!), but made it in plenty of time.   Upon entering the restaurant, which by the way is absolutely beautiful; with it's high chandelier, intimate colour choices and exquisitely laid tables, our coats were taken by the lovely host and we were seated next to the window; how lovely and romantic considering it was snowing! The staff in here are the best at their job, from setting tables, to offering drinks, to the waitress who brought our courses to us and explained how each course was made and how Mark suggests you eat it. Our orders were taken, our wine was poured, and Colin and I immediately began chatting about our love for the place.   Our aperitifs were brought out; with a beautiful shallot amuse bouche, which were thoroughly enjoyed. For my starter I ordered the crab cannelloni with smoked cauliflower custard, lemon pearls, herb butter, baby coriander and beetroot mayo, and Colin ordered the red wine risotto with hen egg. Oh God, you think you've tasted good crab before, but you've not until you've been here. The way Mark makes it it's in 2 different parts of the dish, and thought most people would eat from the top of a dish to the bottom, Mark suggests you try both simultaneously. I did, and I enjoyed. Thoroughly!   Our wonderful waiting staff cleared the table, before our main courses were brought to the table. Colin had the pan roasted hake fillet, with a lobster tortellini, purple mash, fennel and dill puree and pumpkin, and I ordered the 11 hour slow roasted pork belly, with spiced fillet, pomme puree, savoy cabbage and toffee apple jus. This is without a doubt the best meal I've ever eaten. The pork was so tender and beautifully cooked, whilst the beautiful fat crackling on top was crisp and so tasty. The spiced fillet was cooked medium rare and was exquisite and everything on the plate just complimented each other so well.  If all that wasn't enough, for desserts I had the broken lemon tart, with yuzu parfait, frozen shortbread, pistachio puree, compact watermelon and coconut jelly, and Colin had the chocolate fondant. I'm not a dessert eater normally, but wow. WOW. Exquisite.  Must make a note of how great our wine was. I'm positive it was an Australian rosé but I'm not 100%. Wonderful though, so crispy and tangy but fruity at the same time.  I had to ask our waiter to give compliments to the chef, something I've never done, because I was so impressed. Mark is an outstanding chef, and I will most definitely be back here again and again.
5 This could only ever have been 5 stars!  After the much publicised closure of Mark Greenaways restaurant at Piccardy Place we all waited with baited breath to find out where he was heading to. From his words at the Foodies Christmas Fair to his updates on twitter he was giving nothing away. So clandestine was this becoming that a head chef from another restaurants comment on twitter that he looked forward to having Mark as a neighbour lead to the rumour he was off to the Royal Mile. Then, just two weeks ago, he announced his new location as 67 North Castle Street the site of a former Italian Restaurant and once upon a time an RBS branch.  I was delighted to have a reason for booking for opening weekend, as Stephs parents are in town for their birthday weekend and we couldn't think of anywhere we would rather take them. So roughly 3 minutes after the announcement of the new restaurant was made I had my reservation request sent. Roll on two weeks and last night was the night I've been waiting for, all the more eagerly after such positive comments from those who attended the launch party and Yelpers Jackie.G and Claire.L who were there for opening night.  The first thing that strikes you upon entering in that all of the staff have stayed with Mark, infant he confirmed later he didn't lose any of his staff despite being closed for 7 weeks. Once seated you soon see that Mark and his team have been able to recreate the wonderful ambiance the had at Piccardy Place. To the menu and from the à la carte it was good to see he has kept the favourites while also introducing something new to lift the menu further.   Once we had ordered, the sommelier Loic who we have gotten to know was kind enough to show us his new wine vault, with this having been an RBS the original vault in the basement remains. Given how little time they have has to prepare its amazing how much they have achieved. The wood work and the style they have given this room is really impressive. Loic explained that they intend to further develop the vault and diner will be able to select their wines with an illustrated world map on the wall providing further details. Loic will also be on hand advising and giving diners tasting samples of suggested pairing wines.   As soon as we sat down we were presented with our amuse bouchée, as espuma on f shallots. Can't such much about this other than it was delicious. Slight sweetness with earthy undertones it was a great way to start our meal.   For my starter I chose the pave of pigs cheek, served with warm apple jelly, apple purée a flavoured meringue, the pave is wrapped in beetroot carpaccio. This is a dish which has gone through a few developments since I first had it at the Great British Menu party and its only gotten better. The balance of the deep flavour of the cheek with apple and beetroot is superb. It's a dish I would happily order again and again.   For my main I went for the tasting of lamb. Succulent tender lamb, deep jus, aromatic rosemary, buttery mash and earthy brussel sprouts.......delicious! The lamb came three ways, a loin chop, a piece of filet and some leg. The flavour of the lamb was just incredible, the seasoning brought out the taste as much as Amy producer could hope for.   To finish I decided to revisit a favourite of mine the broken citrus tarte. This dish simply put is a work of art in appearance and just as tasty. The zing of the parfait is beautifully matched by the coconut, watermelon cubes clean the palate and the pistachio purée adds another dimension when combined. After dinner Loic was also kind enough to take me back to the vault and give me a sample of the most incredible muscat I have ever tasted, larger quantities will be required when my dry January has finished.  All in all the meal was superb, Stephs parents were delighted and then even more so when they had a good ten minute chat with the man himself Mr Greenaway. Mark is such a friendly guy and willingness to chat to customers at the end of a service does him great credit. With the excitement that has surrounded this opening I can say the product more than lives up the hype. Undoubtedly they have a lot of work to do but with Marks inventive cooking and the team he has around him I am confident this new venture will be a massive success.  Restaurant Mark Greenaway comes highly JD Recommended!
4 i've been having a serious debate as to how to write this review.  when looking at the rest of the reviews before i went to dinner at mark greenaway, i knew it was going to be good but was the hype going to be better than the actual dinner.  i had been both looking forward to dinner at mark greenaway and also a bit worried.  it seems that when i go some place yelpers rave about i seem to leave a little disheartened as my experience wasn't rave worthy.  but that said mark greenaway was amazing!  the food was just wow!!!  it was beautiful on the plate and beautiful to taste!!  i started my meal with the red wine and radicchio risotto with a poached hens egg in the middle.  the risotto was creamy and packed fun of taste but breaking open the egg and mixing in the runny yolk made this dish even more fabulous.  i almost wish i'd ordered the larger portion just to have had extra risotto to mix the yolk with!!  for main i had the pan fried hake topped with a lobster tortellini, side of purple mash, and spring onion and ginger broth.  oh and there was delicious cubes of pumpkin as well!!!  the hake was cooked beautifully and just flaked apart.  the purple mash was divine, so creamy and a lovely shade of purple.  but the best part of this dish was the single lobster tortellini that sat atop the hake.  i saved this for last and was not disappointed.  biting into it there was loads of lobster soaked in a lemony sauce and it was just divine.  if only i could have had a whole plate of these!!  i went a bit untraditional for the dessert and had the cheese platter.  as much as i love dessert, when i'm out fine dining i always go for the cheese as it's just too good to resist!  i was quite pleased that i had five different cheeses to try, all a very large slice, with some frozen grapes, quince paste, and some poppy seed thins and oatcakes.  the cheese was lovely and i really enjoyed this while everyone else had their sweet desserts.  to finish i opted for a peppermint tea which came with a lovely assortment of petit fours!  the brownies were mmmmmmmmmm!!  i thought it was a nice touch as i still got a small sweet for after my meal and they came at no extra cost.  so yes the food was lovely, so excuse me while i make this a bit longer and explain why it was 4 stars and not 5.  mark greenaway is aimed at fine dining standards and i felt that this fell a bit short.  i know that they only had 10 days to do the refurb and open the restaurant but this showed as the place feel short of the decor perfection that is required of this type of restaurant.  it was nice, but just felt like it was rushed.  then there was the music... ugh this actually really irritated me.  it was loud and didn't seem to have a common theme and i felt like it really intruded on the atmosphere.  i'm not sure if this was due to the fact that we were the only diners in the restaurant and i wouldn't have noticed the music had the place had a bit more buzz to it.  they also seemed to have a wee bit of stocking issues as we ordered two bottles of red for the table and when someone asked for another glass when the bottles had been finished the sommiler had to tell her that they actually didn't have anymore.  i found this odd as a restaurant of this standard just shouldn't run out of a type of red wine after only two bottles.    i think for me, mark greenaway is on a journey.  they've only just re-opened at a new premises and while the food is still divine the restuarant is not quite there yet.  my hope is to go back in six months and see it completely settled in and i can update my review with 5 stars.
5 Since my previous two reviews of Restaurant Mark Greenaway, it has moved location to it's own, independent premise, the menu has been updated slightly with  new options for me to debate over when choosing, but the quality of dining - both in ambiance, and the food itself - has remained as high as ever.  The new space is stunning. The building used to be a bank, and so has the beautiful cornicing and old-world feel. For some reason, it feels slightly Parisian to me. It could be the dark wood and green-velvet chairs contrasted with the sharp, steel feature on the wall. Or the etched glass lampshades that are clustered on 3 chandeliers in the middle of the room, giving a soft yellow light, to the dark blue and grey walls. Compared to the previous venue, this one is so much more fresh (it looks beautiful in the day too, perfect for lunch) and still intimate. I do think when it comes to fine dining, the restaurant space and ambience makes a big difference, and the new space really earns 5 stars itself as the perfect dining room for Mark's cuisine.  Before I move onto the food, I must make mention of one new part of the Mark Greenaway dining experience. A complimentary wine tasting in the new wine cellar (housed in the old money vault, the building used to be a bank) with Loic, the in-house sommalier. We were taken downstairs to taste 2 reds and 2 whites, both very different; and recommended which mains to choose for which wine (or vice versa, depending on your priorities). Given we tasted 4 wines before even a slice of bread, it made us all very merry and excited for the meal ahead. The tastings are generous, Loic is enchanting and so enthusiastic about both the wine and food. It made an already complete dining experience exceptional, and stand out from others I've had before. This in itself makes the meal a very special one.  As to the food itself? How could it be anything less than 5 stars. The Market Menu remains exceptional value, and is offered in the evening as well. I opted for choices from the main menu however, as I wanted lamb.  A starter of Cured Stonebass with Pickled Langoustines and Crispy Squid. The Langoustines were wonderfully different. They had the texture of a regular langoustine, but had the delicious sweetness from the pickling. And Stonebass is a fish I haven't knowingly tried, but cured in citrus (as I imagine ceviche is) it was perfect with the contrasting crispy squid.  Then the lamb. Oh the lamb. Wrack of lamb, with a tasting of neck of lamb and lamb belly. Lamb belly! How have I never tried lamb belly before? So much fatty goodness, it was more flavour per square milimetre of food than I have ever tasted. Cooked to perfection.   It's probably worth noting that the mains don't come with many vegetables, which I quite like, but if you do like greens then order a side. But honestly, the dishes work perfectly as they are themselves.  And then the desserts. Our table of 11 Yelpers were brought to a hushed silence when the combination of Cheese Platters, Peanut Butter Cheesecakes, and Broken Chocolate Tarts were brought to the table (and one Plum Jam Jar). I believe Mark Greenaway has experience as a pastry chef, and it shows. We all agreed the desserts stole the show. They were made with so much love, craft and care. Even if you're not a "sweets" person I urge you to get a dessert.   As they often come 'deconstructed' or broken, you don't quite know what each component is going to be till you try it. Oh, that's orange sauce! And oh pistachio! Ah, and the little circular chocolate discs are the biscuit base, whilst the knot is a pure ganache. Heavenly. Plates were scraped clean, then scraped twice to be doubly sure.  And then, the little plates of petit fours were the perfect way to round up a meal. It was a CMYE (Yelp social dinner) where 11 Yelpers had had three courses each, and yet we still politely eyed up the millionare shortbread and chocolate truffle petit fours.   I really couldn't fault the meal, food, service at all. From the wine tasting in the cellar before dinner, the way in which the food is presented, the friendly staff, the beautiful decorations. Mark Greenaway remains one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, and I can't wait to go back.
5 Mark Greenaway first caught my eye on tv show The Great British Menu last year when he was competing to cook an Olympic banquet; serving up creations I'd never heard of or seen before. So when Yelp announced it was having dinner at Mark Greenaway last month, I jumped at the chance having missed out on two opportunities previously and hearing so many good things about it and wondering if he really would love up to the standard displayed on tv.  When I arrived I was greeted by a handsome well-suited young man who took my coat and showed me to my seat. I immediately liked the place and appreciated the mood created by the decor, colour of paintwork, lighting and music.   We were treated to a wine tasting downstairs in what was the former bank's vault but is now the wine cellar. After six generous samples from which we could choose one to accompany our meal and learning a bit about each we giggled our way back upstairs and even got lost on the way (there are a few doors). What an excellent way to start off a dinner!  I opted for the Market Menu - 3 courses for £20 and phenomenal value for money it was! To start, we were presented with a lovely cute aperitif which I wasn't expecting. At this point I was rather merry from the wine tasting and wolfed it down without paying attention to what it was(sorry) but it was goooood and that is the main thing!   My chosen starter was Scottish Mushroom Veloute - Roasted Scottish Mushrooms, Tarragon, Truffle and Raviolo. When it was placed in front of me, to begin with all I could see was sliced mushroom topped with 1 ravioli in the middle of a very large dish and then I saw everyone elses significantly bigger alternative starters, I thought I had been had but then came my pouring sauce. So I discovered that Veloute means soup (new thing learnt for the day, done!) and this was a wonderfully delicious, satisfying mushroom soup with a twist.  For my main I opted for 11 Hour Slow Roasted Clash Farm Belly - Pomme Purée, Savoy Cabbage, Toffee Apple Jus: a-m-a-z-i-n-g! It was beautifully presented and the combination of flavours complimented each other superbly.   Dessert for me was Broken Chocolate Tart - Custard Jelly, Frozen Cookies, Crème Fraiche Parfait, Salted Caramel and kumquat Purée and this blew me away. Each chocolatey thing was of a different shape, size, flavour and texture; accompanied by fruity flavoured purees and popping candy - wow! On my first bite I rolled all the way back in my seat and savoured every single mouthful with a loving tenderness I have never given to food before and I was sorry to see it gone, hoping more would appear on my plate. This for me was a work of art.    Wow! This was a sensory experience I could never have imagined and unlike anything I have had before. The staff were so attentive to every detail, with brilliant knowledge - remembering every ingredient on the plate and making suggestions for how the dish could be eaten as recommended by chef. Also one noticed I had taken photos of my food and asked if I wanted her to wait whilst I took more before setting down additional plates. If I had been on my own in this restaurant I probably would have got carried away and photographed my dishes from a lot more angles - 'work it, work it baby'. It was wonderful to experience staff so passionate about their work!  The next day I raved about the place to everyone I saw! I am most definately coming back here!
5 I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to dine at Mark Greenaway with fellow Yelpers a few weeks ago. It was even better than I was expecting. The ambiance was perfect and the staff were very welcoming and kind. I especially enjoyed getting to see the wine cellar and tasting the wines...what a treat!   The food was impecable. I must say that the dessert I had is what stands out most in my mind....peanut butter cheesecake. I cannot remember ever having a better desert. I am in awe of Mark Greenaway and his staff and am really looking forward to returning as soon as I possibly can!
4 I took a friend here in February for a nice lunch.  The building is beautiful and newly renovated.  The staff were very attentive during the meal, although we could have had more water with and after desserts.  - We both went for the £20 market lunch menu which had a small but good variety of options.  All dishes were beautifully presented (and yummy!), which definitely made the £20 worth it.  And we both had very nice glasses of wine, about £6/7 each.  - I recommend this for special occasions. - Marking this as 4 stars because they had just opened when we were there and the restaurant was quiet with only 4 other tables occupied, so a little lacking on atmosphere, but I assume that will change very soon!
5 I have to say I was ridiculously excited about my visit to Restaurant Mark Greenaway For my boyfriends 30th birthday.  Not only had Mark featured on Great British Menu last month but it was my first visit to the new site on North Castle Street apart from a quick chat with the infamous chef previously and a fab meal at the last place.  It seemed such a long time and long wait with baited breath since Mark announced his plans to move from Picardy Place to an unknown location, in what seemed a very exciting move for a chef who seems to be going from strength to strength in the Edinburgh food scene.  As always on enetering Loic the sommelier extroidinaire greeted us warmly amd seated us at the table which was elegantly laid out by the lovely Georgian windows. The Restaurant is located in what used to be a bank and retains many of the original features including a vault! More on that later. The restaurant is decorated in subtle colours with an amazing chandelier that gives a romantic glow when the sun goes down.  We all decided to go with the A La Carte Menu as it was a celebration. Dishes tasted included expertly seasoned Scallops, wood pidgeon and a ham hock terrine - all devoured. One of our friends who had the pidgeon literally ran out of words talking about their starter    I ordered monkfish in a red wine reduction with octopus and mark went for the 11 hour slow roasted pork belly with pomme puree, savoy cabbage and toffee apple jus.  Which I kind of wanted myself!  The monkfish was really lovely and not something I would have normally chosen but it came recommended by Loic. I have to also say the wines he chose for us were FANTASTIC and really reasonable in comparison to other restaurants where you struggle to get a good, reasonable wine under £40!  Mark's pork belly is a dish I just adore.  The well -sourced meat was juicy and full of taste, the crackling perfectly crunchy without being too hard and the mash was smooth as silk.  The toffee apple jus was not too sweet and a great modern twist on the classic pork and apple pairing. One of our friends had the duck course from GBM and loved it!   Now for the dessert course, with the Chocolate Knot tart - my third time - a broken chocolate tart with crème fraiche parfait, frozen cookies, salted caramel and kumquat puree, not to mention popping candy which again you may have seen on Great British Menu?   As I mentioned before they have the wine cellar in the bank vaults and Loic gave us the grand tour which is a rather novel touch to the dining experience. Definitely a five star experience for me!
4 They only have one rose wine served by the glass - taste it first!
2 A blast from the past and not really in a good way. Maybe I was expecting more but the experience just fell flat. Nothing was bad, per se, but nothing was that memorable either. First off, the restaurant was stifling and the dining room seemed like a make-shift eating area in a hotel lobby. Even the bar, at the front looked temporary. Service was fine, if a bit distant. Even the poor waiter was sweating profusely. Not something you want to see in a food handler. Ambiance wise, it was quite old fashioned: A huge crystal chandelier, servers in ties and vests, tables pretty close together...  We left with a new name for the restaurant:  Mark Stayaway.  The food was fine. Period. It seemed forced and almost everything was served on a glass plate. Many people love this place, it just wasn't my cup of tea. On the plus side, the wine list was surprisingly affordable.
5 Excellent in every way. Service, ambiance, presentation and especially flavor. Everything made to perfection (either meat, fish or vegetable)!  If you want a special meal experience whilst in Edinburgh, this is the place.
5 I've had the pleasure of eating at Mark Greenaway 3 or 4 times now. I have to say it has been a pleasure each time and I continuously look forward to returning again. The service is excellent, the food is sublime (make sure you have desserts!) and the location is brilliant for us.  Of note I highly recommend the Market Menu which is 3 courses for £20 currently which is incredible for the food and service you get.   Highly recommended!
4 Mark Greenaway Restaurant is classed as posh nosh by me.   It is all a very gentle affair. We went for our anniversary. The manager was in and congratulated us. We were given a glass of Kir Royale complimentary as a gift from them for our years together, thank you!   There wasn't an à la carte available due to the holiday season, so we had a special menu.   I choose a pheasant tower ravioli with consommé and pumpkin seeds as a starter. For mains I selected the Lamb which came with a rosemary jus. And as a dessert I had a 'Knot' chocolate dish with kumquat sauce.   We were also given an amuse bouche to start - which was a very tasty pumpkin foamy thing with coriander. Very tasty.  I appreciated that the waiter advised when ordering that the lamb will be served pink; "as Mark likes it that way to bring out the flavours".   Their sommelier suggested a pinot noir from the burgundy area to compliment the delicate flavours and it was an OKish choice. The wine did really shine at the dessert though as it went very well with the chocolate. for a £45 bottle of wine I did expect a little more though from this wine. It was lacking.  As I said before - the food was delicate, good flavours, but ever so light and precious.   We finished the meal with some special coffees and they kindly ordered us a taxi.   In all it was just as I expected, no faults and very well crafted. The place did fill up but I never felt crowded.   A well deserved 4 stars for a first visit.
3 First review of 2014!!  (Okay, I'm still about 20 odd behind from Decembers lot!)  Chose here, as reviews were pretty good & had old work colleagues up visiting Edinburgh from London, so thought a nice wee change from 'chains' was in order.  Lovely location, but I couldn't help feeling that the interior layout of the tables, was rather 'busy' and felt close together when you first walk in.  That said, once I was sat at the table, you actually were quite a way from the next table.  It just needs a bit more thought on interior design for first impressions.  A new carpet (or one vacuumed!) on the staircase to the bathrooms wouldn't go a miss! :-)  Anyhoo.. onto food and drink.  I tried a sample of Pinot Noir & then couldn't have it as no bottles in stock...  offered another option, but was advised it was 50p a glass more.  Now, I have no issue with that, but surely if you run out of stock and thats my only other option, you really wouldn't bother charging a first time customer, a poultry 50 pence more!  We all opted for the Market Menu (2 courses) at £16.50 each. (£20 for 3).  Great value, but I didn't feel the choices were mind blowing particularly.  Choice of three dishes and vegetarian option was a porridge..hmm.  I don't like salmon, so my only choice was belly pork.  I'm on a new health kick, so belly pork wasn't ideal!  I did ask if we could substitute main course from a la carte menu & pay the surplus - No was the firm answer.  Frankly, that doesn't make sense, as it would have only resulted in us paying the restaurant £30/40 more...  Service from waiters was excellent.  Right balance of attention & leaving you alone, with good humour thrown in.  What I didn't like was the whole shirt and tie suited & booted look from them all.  I was pretty smart casual, but even I felt uncomfortably under dressed!  This isn't a michelin star restaurant & even at that, having dined at michelin starred restaurants, they don't even try that hard to impress!!  CHILL!!  Overly formal & frankly, unnecessary.  Pork Belly crackling was simply the best I've had.  However, the pork underneath, as well cooked and tender as it was, really didn't have any individual taste of its own.  Quite bland had it not been for the toffee sauce, mash & the crackling.  Peanut butter brittle cheesecake was a work of art & extremely tasty - the saving course of the meal.    Bill came to £82 (minus tip) for 3 people, 3 wines, 2 soft drinks and 3 teas on top of the 2 courses.  You can't really argue with that - fantastic value.  Had I dined from the A La Carte, I would have expected much more wow for my buck.  When the average main course is £27/30, you're looking at a 3 course bill of around £60/65 for one person with a glass of wine & a coffee.    Would I eat here again?  Yes, it's a nice change from the normal, but I wouldn't 'rush' back and make the trip out specifically.  You Gotta Eat Here - For Sure! :-D
3 Oooooh, a downgrade.  Ouch.  After my previous amazing meal at MG, I had been going on about wanting to return for over a year.  So, The Man surprised me by booking lunch here on NYE.    My first visit was when the restaurant was located on Picardy Place.  Unfortunately I found that the move to N Castle Terrace resulted in a downgrade in surroundings as well as food.    When eating at a restaurant that is aiming for a Michelin star, you don't expect the wait staff to wear dirty uniforms that are missing buttons, and you don't expect the stairwell to the toilets to be scuffed and dirty.  Once you get to the bottom of the scruffy stairs, you are in a cold, dank corridor that leads you to toilets that were "upgraded" by painting the tiles black.  Tiles + paint + time = scratches and general shabbiness.  So far, nothing particularly rang of "fine dining."  This wouldn't be an issue if the standard of food was what I remembered.  My starter (a veloute) was tasty though a bit uninteresting, and in The Man's pan fried duck egg, the duck egg itself was undercooked to the point of still having clear eggy slime on the top.  I opted for the slow cooked pork belly that stole my heart on my previous visit, and The Man had what I believe must have been the oven roasted salmon.  He *loved* the soft shelled crab but found the rest of the dish to be standard fare.  My pork belly was nice but dry and lacking in some kind of oomph.  The theme here is that the food was perfectly nice, but wasn't exciting.  Everything was absolutely fine but not what I expected from Mark Greenaway.   I'm probably being too extreme in my opinions considering we had three courses for £20 which is a fabulous deal, but if I had paid full price for the food I would have been UNimpressed.    The bright star of the meal was the maitre d'/sommelier.  He was wonderful, charming, friendly and spot on with service.    But, unfortunately I left feeling let down.  After a year of salivating to go back, I was left wishing we had gone elsewhere.
3 Oh dear oh dear oh dear. That sums up for the most part how I felt about this restaurant. Quite clearly with the greeting upon arrival, service and style of food they are aiming for a coveted Michelin. I would be surprised, to put it mildly, if they received one.   My friend and I decided to opt for the taster menu which promised so much in terms of flavour and variety. We had aperitifs and decided to opt for the matching wines.   I feel as bored writing the review about this place as I did whilst eating the food. So I'll shorten it down somewhat! A lot of purées, cream (which is all you could taste in the soup) and experiments with hot and cold on the plate which just didn't come off. I can't even tell you how horrible the dessert was (apparently a contender in The Great British Menu...) both my friend and I had to leave it and inform the waiter why. I'm not usually so hyper-critical of the restaurants I go to but I feel for the £240 I spent I received very little in terms of a culinary experience as I would have liked.   Oh and watch your drinks! They like to take them away half finished...  I won't be going back here and I won't be recommending it to family or friends. Not sure whether I should give this a two star or not? Having experienced other high end establishments in Edinburgh I have to say your money is better spent in one of those. Over and out :)
5 No exaggeration, this might be the best meal I have ever had.  The complexity of the flavours in the millet/popcorn starter was out of this world, and this wasn't even what the waiter recommended.  The vegetables chosen to accompany the monkfish main course managed to deliver a unique and different taste with each bite without ever overwhelming the underlying flavour. In my opinion that was mega-impressive. I deducted a star because the decor / atmosphere was a tiny bit staid but promptly gave the star back because the dessert knocked me off my seat with delight and the service was immaculate. I know this review sounds a little melodramatic but it really is this good.
