4 I was in the city performing for the festival and I stopped here once my accident, turned out it was a gem. The couple that work there are the nicest, will go out of there way to help and serve you what exactly you need (had a friend who was lactose intolerant).  Its cheap, the paninis where so fresh and so good. I really wanted to try their smoothies, but my favorite was the 3 cheese pasta. Had to get it everytime I was there. Great little secret PLACE!!!
5 I spied this little lunch joint after a leisurely stroll back from Stockbridge and took note. I returned out of intrigue..... and the fact it advertises waffles?!!? I love waffles.  It is pretty small inside, a few tables and window seats, but it is nicely decorated with old window shutters painted in a selection of pastel colours which I liked! The service was good, they were very friendly and seem pretty happy to make up whatever you like. It is the usual soups, sandwiches, paninis, but they also have some pasta and filo pie dishes which sounded delicious and make a nice change!  I ended up going for a cajun chicken panini with roasted peppers and emmental. One of the best things about this place I would say is..... they do not scrimp on the fillings, they jam in as much as they can which is brilliant! My panini was lovely, as were my two coffees - artisan roast everyone! Another gold star for that!  The price was also pretty reasonable considering I have paid £6 in town for JUST a panini to sit in, whereas here I had two coffees aswell and it came to less than £7. I will pop in again when I am in the area to try the smoothies and waffles..... they sound heavenly!
4 Really enjoyed my visit to Papii, the other day. Their lunchtime deals offer good value and nice quality.  Overall, we said: "I was really pleased with Papii. It was a significant upgrade on its near neighbour, P.O.S.H, both in terms of the look of the place and in terms of the quality of the product on offer. Next time I'm looking for a snacky sit-in lunch in this part of town, I look forward to stopping and sampling Papii's coffee, relaxing in the calm surroundings, and trying some more dishes from their menu."
4 nice mocha. friendly staff
4 Having read the positive reviews on here about Papii, I deemed it safe to take my Bestie there when she was up from London.. she's rather a 'foodie' and I try to plan our eating adventures when she comes to visit.  We were not disappointed! Coffee was good (we're Kiwi, so we're about as snobby as you can be when it comes to coffee). Food was fabulous, although our second order of waffles came looking slightly anemic compared to my first order. This inconsistency is the only thing stopping me giving it a 5 star review.  There was only one guy behind the counter and he was slammed having apparently let the other girl go after a quiet morning.. Service however was still good.. We got our food in a timely manner although not all at the same time, but that didn't really bother us. We were impressed with everything we ate, which seemed like loads... as we decided to share a scone... then a brownie... on top of everything we'd ordered for brunch... We sat in the corner for a couple of hours hiding from the lashing rain and nomming of deliciousness!  Love the decor too... If only it was closer to home I'd be there every weekend!
5 Came here for lunch and the Cajun Chicken Panini and smoothie was deliciously. Lovely little place and staff were friendly and welcoming. Their breakfast menu looks great too - will definitely return when next in Edinburgh
