3 My wife stayed here while transitioning to Arizona and enjoyed her stay. The hotel seems modern and they are currently renovating the place; so far so good with the improvements.
4 Friendly staff, free wifi with good speed, free drinks 5-7pm, free breakfast, free long distance calling.  $120/night not exactly cheap, but nice hotel (rooms wrap around an tall open ceiling lobby).  Rooms fairly nice, wasn't keen on the bathroom.  The fan in the ceiling was so loud, I unplugged it.  The towel rack was INSIDE the shower (hello? water and towels don't mix, how bout mounting that outside the shower?)  Also the handle on the mixer was loose, and no soap dish to set down the soap (had to set it down on the tub).
5 Best hotel I have ever stayed at, and I stay at a lot of hotels. Good price, totally happy and friendly staff, free food and drinks and renovated rooms. 5+ stars!  I have asked the staff if they receive special training in customer service, because it is evident in all of their dealings with their customers.  They have also received the JD Power and Associates Customer service award 6 years in a row....  Thats how good this hotel is...
5 We had to stay here because of a missed flight, but it was such a great deal for such a great hotel. There was free food, drinks, and transportation. Every staff member there was so incredibly nice, especially Eugene who takes care of transportation. The rooms are very nice as well.  I would stay here again if I were ever in Phoenix.
4 Very nice hotel. Staff was friendly. Lots of eminities. Would stay again if in the area.
4 Good price, friendly staff. I was really impressed with the hotel for just under a $100, a really great value. The breakfast was quite a spread, with REAL eggs, which is unusual for a hotel. The only disappointment I had was when they ran out of coffee, and seemed like a really long time to bring out another pot (it was a huge industrial-size container). It wasn't busy at all, but within minutes, several employees walked over and tried to tap the coffee pot. I just thought it was unprofessional to know they ran out of coffee because the employees kept drinking it. Then a few of them stood around talking and waiting. Finally the coffee came out...guess who filled their cups first? The waiting guests? Guess again.
5 Great price and staff. Clean and modern rooms. Pets stay free. Would definitely stay here again.
5 Like everyone says, this is a great hotel especially next to the airport. I booked this hotel with a discount coupon from US Airway. The staff was very friendly and the lobby was spacious and beautifully decorated. Room was very clean and nice. Bathroom looks like it has been recently renovated because the floor, toilet, and tubs were sparkling clean. They even have soap, shampoo and conditioner dispensers! Free Wi-Fi as well! This rivals many of the 4 stars hotels I've stayed in. If you're adventurous, you can even check out some of the strip clubs down the block.
3 First off, the hotel is not next to the airport - it is a 10 minute drive, but they have a free shuttle. Some staff are nice, but Frank the driver/engineer, was the most friendly and helpful. Stayed here for five days and sampled most things offered. The rooms and beds are excellent with cold blowing AC, but some rooms have smaller balconies and you are close enough to hear neighbors on their patio.           The breakfast bar woman from the Philippines was nice also, but  don't expect anything gourmet at the Evening Kickback or Breakfast. It's more of a microwave party as they nuke the chicken tenders/meatballs/mac and cheese and baked potatoes and all are frozen bagged items. Three free drinks each night is a bonus and you get a choice of  beer or wine or basic mixed drinks. The breakfast is similar to the Hampton Inn, right down to the same potatoes and powdered eggs. The pool is tiny also and the patio out front is nice, but needs more shade.
5 Stayed here for 4 weeks. Never had an issue, always friendly! They have a delicious breakfast and also some snacks at night and complimentary adult beverages. I love this place. A month later I had to come back here and I stayed there again for free because I had accumulated points for the 4 weeks I stayed there before.  Seriously this is a great hotel, great service, and great location! Off the 10/University.
5 We had to travel from Vegas to get neuro evaluation on our 1 yr old puppy.. Neuro recommended this hotel. We were greeted by a wonderful staff who were concerned with our baby. The room was one of the cleanest we've experienced - spotless.. Our beagle was welcome and they have area for dogs to do their business. Dinner free! Breakfast free! 3 drinks each free! Free wi-fi! Free business area! Great priced 1 bedroom w/ living area!  Nice young lady tending bar in restaurant that listened to our story :) We HIGHLY recommend Drury Hotel! We will definitely stay at this wonderful place on our travels with our puppy :)
5 I attended training for my job in Tempe and had a choice of either this hotel or a very well known premium hotel chain.  I chose the Drury and after talking with other employees who chose the big name chain I was extremely happy with my decision.  Their breakfast was basically a continental meal while I had a hot meal including eggs, bacon and biscuits not to mention a hot dinner as well (dinner was not even an option at the big chain).  I'm not saying all the food was freshly prepared and great, it was all microwaved and by day 5 it had lost its appeal but it was miles ahead of what the other hotel offered.  Hotel staff was always friendly and the hotel shuttle was great.  What I think I appreciated most was the wifi.  Free, lightning fast and no hassle to enter passwords, I brought my Xbox and did not notice any lag.  The Drury is on my list of hotels I would not hesitate to stay at again, all around great experience.
4 I stayed here on a recent trip to Phoenix. This was my second time staying at a Drury hotel. It was consistent with my stay at a Drury property in Greesnboro, NC.   Here is my only negative observation. The business center computers are obviously running an older version of IE. I was not able to view files on my SkyDrive to open and print some documents.   More importantly, the room and bed were comfortable. The breakfast was good also.
5 amazing!!!! if you are traveling with or without family you will want to stay here. the hotel is spotless, customer service is outstanding and everyone from housekeeping, front desk to the chefs go out of their way to assist you anyway possible and make your stay the most pleasant. thank you.
5 Very nice, had a pleasant stay at this hotel good people....free popcorn drinks, breakfast and dinner.  My son and 2 of his friends who also stayed at this hotel had a taekwondo tournament the following day from our Initial stay, we asked an employee where we could go to get our last training session going, the guy gave us a conference room so our kids can kick and get ready for the next day WOW talk about going above and beyond Very pleased would love to stay again.
5 Stayed just one night but saw enough to want to purposely take trips to Phoenix just to stay here again. The rooms were great, staff couldn't have been more helpful, and the complimentary dinners & breakfast topped everything off for my experience!   I was here with some friends and we all brought our kids for a tkd tournament. We wanted the kids to get a few practices in but the gym was too small. We jokingly said it would be awesome if they let us use one of the conference rooms when we saw a representative, asked if there was a place we could use, and he let us use the conference room for our kids. Talk about going above and beyond!
