5 Owner Doug was a pleasure to work with. I won the doggie door plus installation in a fundraiser raffle @ he promptly returned my call to set up an inspection date & time. It was a generous donation by Doug.  He installed it today and the dogs quickly figured it out with some coaching from my son. I know of at least two styles to pick from & I chose the less expensive one.  I highly recommend his service.
5 Doug promptly contacted me when I expressed interest in a doggie door.  He came to my house and went over preliminary things.  We scheduled an appointment to intstall the door.  Doug showed up when he was supposed to.  Great experience!
5 I would recommend this  business. They showed up on time, did a professional job, cleaned up after themselves and our doggy door looks perfect! He was able to move the electrical, and even showed us what switch controlled one of the plugs, that would have probably taken us ages to figure out.
5 Amazing!  We were looking around for a company to install a dog door for our Westie. We knew we wanted to go with a Hale Door and chose Doug after speaking with him briefly. Called him on a Thursday and he was out that Saturday!  From the start, Doug was very professional and explained the install, price and warranty up front. No hidden fees and is less expensive than Hale themselves!  Doug arrived and installed our new door in about 45 minutes. He was super efficient and meticulous!  I don't think there was a speck of dust left at all!  I would use Doug again if needed and HIGHLY recommend him for anyone looking for a door for their pup!
5 Doug from Affordable Pet Doors was awesome.  Our puppy had a rough move so we were ecstatic to get her dog door installed.  Doug was accommodating with a last minute schedule change, was so nice and did a great job.  The door is beautifully installed and after a day of training, the puppy comes and goes as she wants.  No more accidents in the house ;)
5 Company was a pleasure to work with. Returned calls promptly and showed up to appointment on time. Was very courteous and professional with the installation. Kept everything very clean and the door looks beautiful! We are very happy with the quality of work and the door-- so is our dog! I highly recommend this company for your dog door!
5 I had Affordable Pet Doors replace an old door a few years ago.  It is still perfect and secure.  Great job!
5 I had Affordable Pet Doors come out and Doug was amazing.  He was timely, professional, fast, and I got a quality wall doggie door for Jadie with no hassles.  He offered his expertise and recommendations for our situation, came back with all products, installed, cleaned up, and left.  It was about as perfect as it could be.  I recommend this company to everyone.  5 stars absolutely!
5 Doug did an amazing job installing our new doggie door into the wall of our home. He is not only very clean and efficient, he is fast, friendly, and courteous.  He was very calm and professional while my dogs barked constantly at him and his "scary" cardboard box. We will recommend him to everyone we know. Thank you Doug!--J. Haines
5 Doug was great to work with!  On time, professional (including clean up) and honest.  No hidden fees or up sale, he just installed what I wanted and went on his way.  I would recommend to anyone.
5 Doug has been a pleasure to work with. We live in California, so Doug has worked with my husband by phone and by email before he came out to install. He comes to CA once a month, so we had to plan ahead.   He's been very flexible and accommodating with schedule changes and helpful in guiding us.  We had an extra step:  we needed to switch out our glass door for a wooden one that he could cut into, so we really appreciated Doug's advice.  Doug offered us ways to save money by suggesting different doggie door sizes, the one sided vs. two sided door, etc.  He understands customer service and our wish to stay within budget.    He arrived promptly and professionally installed the doggie door without issues. He cleaned up as he went too.  He was very courteous and did a wonderful job.  We are very happy with his work, and would recommend Affordable Pet Doors and Doug anytime.
5 Doug is great. Got back to me right away, was installing within a week. He was on time (actually early), was there one hour and it looked great. Saved us the materials for if we ever sell and the new owners want to take the door out. Clean, professional, very nice. I highly recommend him. ... I'm telling everyone about him!
5 Stellar job by Doug installing a dog door in our new house!  He was right on time (actually a few minutes early) and knocked out the task in a little over 30 minutes.  Super clean job and when he was done, you couldn't tell he had just cut into the side of the house...all the debris was vacuumed up AND he provided the panels/insulation he removed in case we ever want to remove the dog door and patch them back in.  My dogs love it and we couldn't be more pleased with the results.  Thanks, Doug!
