5 I've always wanted to try acupuncture because I have long heard of its many health benefits. However, I've had two major obstacles that have stood in the way of trying it out: I mostly work in arts & non-profit sectors so my pocket book won't oblige what acupuncture usually costs and one of my biggest irrational fears happens to be a fear of needles.   Phoenix Community Acupuncture (PCA) and owner Mayo (pronounced "My-Oh") Mercedes Wardle put both of my long-time acupuncture roadblocks to rest. PCA practices in a friendly, relaxing communal environment that helps keep the costs low for regular people like me who don't necessarily have disposable incomes. The price structure was also set up on a sliding scale between $15-35. PCA only asked customers to pay what they are able to comfortably provide for the treatment. I wasn't sure what it might be like to have acupuncture applied 'communally' but it proved to be tranquil. Incidentally, watching Mayo move about the room to treat others was reassuring and helpful. By watching her careful touch and listening gently to her knowledgeable explanations with my fellow acupuncture companions, it helped sooth my nerves, made Mayo that much more approachable and provided answers to questions that I had not yet even thought about asking! The best part? When my resolve to conquer the fear of needles began to weaken, Mayo quickly changed methods to small magnets, which I came to discover can also provide the same benefits. I am thrilled to know that there is an alternative for the needle wimps of the world!   I left feeling rested and more centered. I can't wait to learn more about the treatments and different "points" on the body that can help us all achieve better health and balance.
5 If you've been curious about acupuncture and its wonderful health benefits, definitely check out Phoenix Community Acupuncture. Mayo Mercedes Wardle, the owner/acupuncturist, has set up a great space to help locals have accessible, affordable treatments. Whether you want treatments for general wellness or a specific ailment or affliction, she will cater the treatments for you and your goals.  I went for my first treatment with my husband. The atmosphere is very serene with low lighting, aromatherapy, soothing music and reclining chairs. You can schedule a treatment by yourself or go in with friends/family. You can also just drop-in during Mayo's hours of operation, if you happen to be in the area. I plan to bring a couple friends with me next time. It is a community concept clinic, which means you are likely to see other people there getting treatment (you don't have to talk to others getting treatment, but if they are just starting or just ending their treatment, feel free to say hi). Today I met a yoga instructor who teaches at one of the top yoga studios in town.  The sliding scale is awesome because it allows you to determine what is affordable to you, from $15-35 per treatment. Mayo wants the treatment to be affordable, so that you can continue to come in and enjoy the benefits of acupuncture, whether it's weekly or every other week. There is water for purchase ($1 donation to the karma piggy bank) and there is a bathroom available for patrons. Mayo also offers free treatments to new clients on the first Friday of every month.
5 I have always wanted to try acupuncture, and when I heard about Phoenix  Community Acupuncture I knew it was my opportunity to finally try it out.  First, I really love the idea of community acupuncture because it makes it accessible to more people like me who don't have enough money to get consistent treatments.  I met Mayo and she spent time talking to me about what acupuncture is all about and made me feel comfortable with the idea of the needles. She also explained why she was putting needles in certain places.  I enjoyed my experience in the space. The chairs are set up in a circle creating a nice flow.  It smells lovely and she has wonderful soft soothing sounds.  I have been to this clinic 9 times since she opened in July and I can't wait to go back this week and relax in her recliner and feel better.
5 Great business! Mayo is great!!! She treated my husband and within a few days she even sent him a letter letting him know what she thinks is the best treatment for his aches and pains.
5 I am a convert, 100%. Both to acupuncture and to Mayo's practice in particular. Since my first visit, I have been urging my friends to get in here, for whatever might ail them.   Mayo has been able to help me with a number of problems I've had. The big one is my right shoulder, which had lost most of its range of motion due to pain, and is now becoming as strong as ever. On one occasion, I came in, completely drained of energy and was giddy as all get out, practically bouncing off the walls when I left. She was even able to ward off a migraine, when all medicine I've ever tried has failed!  Combine Mayo's proficiency with her warm attitude and the open, welcoming feel of this studio, and I can't help but want to return here.
5 This was my first acupuncture experience and I am a fan. Mayo has great energy and I applaud her business model. Acupuncture can be very expensive per session but Mayo's "community" setup helps her keeps her overhead low and her prices reasonable, especially for people needing multiple treatments. She is very patient and allows you to relax while needled as long as you like. I will definitely be coming back here for any future treatments.
5 I am grateful to have found Mayo and Phoenix Community Acupuncture.  She is kind, compassionate...and an excellent practitioner!
5 A very warm and welcoming feeling from the time you walk in till the time you leave   Mayo takes the time to really understand how you feel and does a great job making you feel much better when you leave  If you've been wanting to try Acupuncture, this is the place to go
5 I recently moved to Phoenix and was referred to the clinic by a fellow allergy sufferer. I've never had acupuncture before, so I was pretty nervous, especially about the community setting. The great reviews helped alleviate my fears, and it definitely lived up to the repeat 5 star ratings. Mayo is great, and explained everything thoroughly since it was my first treatment. I had a little trouble relaxing, and at one point I had a snorer next to me, but I felt great when I left! I'll likely take an eye shade next time to help me tune out even more.
5 Mayo is an amazing practitioner as well as a beautiful person with a deep, genuine concern for her patients. She has managed to help me in the last 3 weeks than anyone was able to throughout the past 3 years. I have received and continue to receive a wonderful gift from Mayo and her clinic.   Acupuncture aside, just being in the relaxing chairs of the dimly lit space along with the music and clean air is wonderful of itself. Over the past 10 years I have had some really major challenges.  They led to intense emotional and physical issues. I worked with numerous doctors and healers during the past 3 years at great expense. My finances have seriously drained and not getting the results I had thought I would left me extremely anxious and frightened about my future.   I'm so glad I found Community Acupuncture.  Mayo and her clinic have allowed me to get the help I need at a cost that I can afford at this time. My life is starting to feel so much better.  I feel safe and empowered for the first time in a long time and it feels so good!  My physical body is thanking Mayo and Community Acupuncture as well.   Mayo does what she does for all the right reasons.  She reminds me of a spritely firefly brightly shining her healing light upon all those who are lucky enough to be treated by her.  If you have any physical or emotional concerns at all, I hope that you will choose to give Community acupuncture a try.  I'm positive you will be so happy you did. Oh, I deep sleep through the night after an acupuncture session. Bliss!
5 I had to stop going to my acupuncturist a while ago due to financial issues.  However, I found a pamphlet for Phoenix Community and saw they worked on a sliding scale ($15-$35), and decided to give them a whirl.    It's a nice little place, very calm and quiet.  I was greeted by the front desk dude and sat to fill out my paperwork.  He showed me back to the area, where I was informed of how they roll (since it's community style).    They have a large room set up with recliners and you just pick out which one you want to relax in.  Mayo came over and we had a short chat and she helped me recline.    She got to work, and she was quick!  I barely felt a thing..I was impressed:)    It's great to find a place that understands the importance of taking care of oneself, but not costing an arm and a leg.  I already have my next appointment available and I can't wait to feel the results!
5 They take walk ins! Very happy with Community Acupuncture for fitting my dad into their busy schedule.
5 I am so happy I found this place. The atmosphere is so relaxing and there is such great energy here. Not to mention, the BEST treatment I've ever gotten. I have fibromyalgia pain and this is the only thing that really helps. Mayo is so calm and energetic at the same time. She totally understands how to help you. I can't say enough great things about this place. I'm so glad I found it.
5 I absolutely love Phoenix Community Acupuncture! I have been going for a few months now and was initially intimidated by the open setting without private rooms, but it is actually very peaceful and relaxing.   I usually fall asleep almost instantly and walk away feeling more relaxed than I could possibly imagine. I appreciate the value and the level of service far exceeds what you pay for going. I will continue to go again and again!!
5 Unbelievably awesome!  Purchased on the groupon and had my first appointment today.  So glad I did not let the "community" setting steer me away.  I actually ended up finding the setting with others present receiving treatment strangely more comforting and relaxing than the small private treatment room at another practice.  I have been suffering with neck and shoulder pain for months, and chiropractic treatement was becoming less helpful.  I fell asleep during my acupuncture treatment.  When I woke up 45 minutes later, the wonderfully intuitive Mayo did a few moments of a type of neck/shoulder massage to the affected area, and walking out I was pain-free for the first time in ages, and very relaxed.  Several hours later, I still am!  I am happy to find out they do prenatal acupuncture (my daughter is pregnant), and I am so impressed at the sliding scale option, making treatment affordable for all. I will be back to continue the short course of treatment recommended, and I am definitely going to recommend Phoenix Community Acupuncture to everyone I know! :)
5 I've only been twice, but it seems to be helping my pain. Mayo is a sweet heart and is genuinely concerned about your experience. I've been waiting to get acupuncture for a while now, but it always seems to be really expensive or hard to get an appointment. I really like this concept of community health care, it makes it much more comfortable.
5 I stumbled upon PCA by accident and am so thankful I did.  I was very hesitant at first about the community style setting but was willing to try anything at the point I was at. I quickly realized that I shouldn't have worried.  I have been 6 times now and have fallen asleep every time.  It is so relaxing, calm and soothing.  Mayo is wonderful as well and genuinely cares about your well being and making sure you are comfortable.  She is working on several issues with me but she is making a difference and I am starting to feel so much better!  The sliding scale payment option is what drew me in as I have been to acupuncture previously but it is very costly. Her system allows me to be able to come twice a week versus twice a month, if that.  The fact that she accepts walk ins is amazing.  I have had to do that 3 times and have gotten right in every time.  I can't say enough good things about PCA and am so excited to continue my treatments and continue feeling better every day...I am addicted! :)
5 I've had a great experience here. The acupuncturist is absolutely wonderful. She is attentive and really does care about her patients. I had never done acupuncture before and I was surprised by the results I saw. I have chronic pain in my back and shoulders, and I absolutely noticed a difference. Thanks Mayo!
5 Absolutely adore PCA!  Went hunting for acupuncture options and found PCA.  Never had community style treatment before so was a bit skeptical.  I downloaded the first time paperwork and filled it in before going and also set an appointment online (walk-ins welcome also).  That first visit became an every week to every other week visit.  The community atmosphere was actually very relaxing and extremely peaceful.  All the recliners are comfortable and the calming environment could put you to sleep in seconds.  Mayo is caring, attentive, sweet and beautiful.  She also remembers various aspects of your last treatment which is amazing considering how many customers visit everyday.  My husband has had chronic sleep issues for many years and after a couple sessions, his sleep issues have about resolved.  Mayo has also helped me with sleep issues, digestion and carpal tunnel.  Some concerns require a few visits while others only require one.  Either way, this is the best 45 minutes of the week by far.  For new people, acupuncture doesn't hurt and there will be some areas more sensitive than others.  Just be honest with Mayo and your concerns, especially during the treatment.  Mayo is quick to resolve any issues and find other options if needed.  If you like her treatment, be generous!  I usually pay between $50 and $70 for both myself and the husband (not necessary) and will pay much more when possible.  The sliding scale allows for anyone to afford treatment so choose what works best for you.  It will be the best $15 or more bucks you spend!
5 I'm not surprised that this place has all 5 star ratings... but I'll add another one just in case.  Reasons why I love this place...   1.  Ease of setting an appointment - I set one up online same day!  Due to the community nature of this place, you can get right in.  There was even a walk in while I was filling out paper work and she floated right in.    2.  Quality of Service - front desk and the Acupuncturist herself, Mayo, were both sweet sweet gals.    3.  PRICE!  You choose what you pay. $15-35, based on what you can do.  There is a $10 addition to your first visit.  Amazing!  It makes it realistic to follow a regular regimen.    4.  Vibe - Mayo is a healer for sure. Her presence alone is comforting.  She listens and takes time with you even though she's multi-tasking.  I felt like I was the most important patient there, but I'm sure everyone else did too.    5.  Up to par - clean, efficient, loving environment.    And then there are some small things I could add like easy parking, great location, and getting as many extra minutes as you wish.    I seriously love this place. I suffer from chronic illness and I feel GREAT after just one visit.  Can't wait to go back.
5 Wow is all I can say. I am a recent convert to Phoenix Community Acupuncture after going to a "traditional acupuncture" studio became cost prohibitive. I found out about the sliding fee schedule of $15-$35 a session and thought I would give it a try. As others have noted this is a community clinic so there are 12 recliners set up in a room together. The atmosphere is super relaxed and many people just fall asleep during their treatment. May is a gentle soul and really listens to your problems and comes up with a realistic treatment plan for you. Since acupuncture has a cumulative effect it is best to go 1-2 times a week. Getting an appt. is easy and they do take walk- in's as well. I have told my doctors about this place so that more people can be treated and cost doesn't have to be the reason you don't at least try acupuncture. Thanks Mayo and now I can say "I Sleep with Strangers at PCA"
5 Started acupuncture services earlier this week and it was great!  I am a newbie, but from my initial visit, I could tell that the acupuncturist loves what she does and wants to help others.  I will definitely return again!
5 I wanted to add three more stars, but oh, well...I'll put them here ***    I went for my second visit 03/29/2013...I felt like Jello afterwards : ) and did not and want to get out of the recliner.  I slept like a brick again, another good night's sleep obtained.  The price is SWEEEET! and it's so easy to set up appointment via smartphone, it has a very quiet, relaxing environment, the low lighting inside is outstanding, especially when the treatment is done;  easy access to clinic, kind and compassionate staff and Mayo is such a sweetie, very gentle and LOVES her job, I can tell. : )   Walk-in appointments are available, YAY!  Did I tell you about the Indian restaurant next door? it's pretty good (at least to me), but you will not regret your visit overall.
5 Mayo is amazing. The price is very reasonable and the benefits are wonderful. I started coming here over a year ago and the level of care you get here is truly amazing. Mayo spends time with you, discussing what brought you to acupuncture in the first place. She is an incredible listener and really cares about each person who comes to her business. I love how she has made her location a sanctuary and oasis for restorative healing. And if you are afraid of needles, don't be. They are small and she is an expert. You'll feel better from the instant you are done. Love this place!!
5 I *love* this experience.  I've been six times so far, and I'm a total fan.  (They give you a frequent flyer card, and at ten visits you get one free.)  The location is super convenient - right down from Thomas & 7th St.  The pricing structure is phenomenal!  It is kind of on the honor system - where you pay what you feel like you can afford that day ($15 and up).    The treatment you get is super professional and therapeutic.  I read up on this method, and this is how they actually do it overseas so they can treat a bigger group at the same time.  I am glad that I got the experience this way before trying a "traditional" American acupuncture joint.  I will always go with community acupuncture from here on out.    The people at this place run a great business, and despite being ridiculously busy all the time, they are SUPER nice and genuinely interested in helping people.  The space is FULL of positive energy, but with an extremely relaxing mood/atmosphere.  I have gone in without an appointment and gotten in right away.  I would advise using their online portal to book though - super quick, intuitive, and easy.    I want to conclude by saying I would recommend this to everyone, even if you do not have a major medical issue.  I originally went in for a minor case of insomnia - solved that in a few weeks; now we're working on weight loss.  Who knew!?
4 Love this place, felt absolutely amazing leaving here! Wish I had a bit more alone time with Mayo but over all it was terrific! I used a groupon but their prices are really affordable anyways
5 I absolutely love this place, Mayo is awesome.  Prices are sliding $15-30 so you can afford to go as much as you need to.  First timers - there is a $10 set up fee.  The online appointment maker thing is very easy to use. I came in for help with my back and insomnia. Insomnia has been a slow nut to crack but the back I typically see immediate results.
5 It is a pleasure to know a healthcare practitioner as compassionate and talented as Mayo. You will not beat the quality of service and the "bang for the buck" is unbelievable. Mayo has helped me with symptoms of PTSD (anxiety, night terrors, etc.) as well as neck pain. I feel awesome after treatment.   My advice to newbies to acupuncture would be to commit the time and money to the full course of treatment plan, as Mayo will recommended. Luckily the clinic's sliding scale fee structure makes this affordable and doable for most.   This clinic, Mayo and her staff are simply community treasures. If you are in pain and need help, this is where you should be. Highly recommend!
