4 The casino is nice, they actually have a non smoking section; a pleasant change from most other casinos in Arizona. Unfortunately it was tiny, and the smoke from the surrounding areas of the casino seeped in. The casino does get a bit smokey especially when crowded.Their buffet was pretty good, and they are pretty good with giving out comps, including free rooms, especially compared to the competition in the rest of the state, although this could be due to the remote location. The only problem is the comps expire way too frequently.
5 We stayed here the first night of our journey across the country last week.  Prior to this we've stayed in 3 other Caesar's Entertainment properties through with our Total Rewards cards.  This was a beautiful room and completely comfortable. The staff was amazing, helpful and friendly.  With my Total Rewards card the room was only $51.75 plus taxes which just slightly higher than we would've paid for a motel. It was only a 15 minute detour north off Interstate 8, just before you reach Tuscon.  The casino was a little small but I found the better odds machines were in the Non-Smoking Casino.
5 I have read some of the reviews on Yelp about Ak-Chin. Some good and some not so good.  I would like to give this hotel/casino a 5 star rating because of our recent experience.  We visited Ak-Chin about 7 years ago.  At that time, we were very impressed with the room.  The casino was OK, and quite crowded.   We recently booked a room for the weekend of March 23 and 24 (Sat.-Sun.)  On Friday night, the night before we were supposed to arrive, we had to admit my 89 year old mother to the hospital with advanced pnuemonia.  I was not able to call to cancel my reservation until 2:00 PM on the Saturday we were supposed to check in.  I fully expected to pay for that night and Sunday as well because it was less than the 72 hour cancellation required.  To my surprise, the reservations clerk checked with her supervisor and because of the unavoidable circumstances, did not charge me for Sat. or Sun.  They did not have to do this, and I very much appreciate this exceptional customer service.  I plan to visit Ak-Chin as time permits and would recommend you give them a try.
2 We own a home in Maricopa .... a five minute drive from this casino.  We don't live in Maricopa but visit at least four times a year.  We usually spend between $100 and $200 each on an evening of gambling and the past eight times, neither one of has came out up.  Yes, it is a casino, and you expect to lose, but we drive the extra 25 minutes to go to Wildhorse. At least there, occasionally one of us wins ... and we like the atmosphere better.  On a bright note, we love the fact that you can order drinks right from your slot machine.  We stayed in a room one night.  It was very clean and comfortable but felt a bit "cold".  Sorry, not my favorite.
5 Stayed here for a free night and made a few bucks! The room was clean and the casino was not busy at all. I would definitely stay here again if passing thru and need a place to stay.  The food  was pretty good.  There are many slots and about a dozen table games... Lots of parking and valet.
1 We checked in at Harrah's Ak-Chin on 4/12/13 for our one year anniversary getaway.  Everything was fine for the first few hours, then it all started to hit the fan. The room we were in was fine... at first.  The TV in the room, however, seemed posessed; turning itself on and off randomly.  We called facilities to get it taken care of and it was "fixed" Friday night.  Saturday mid-day it started again.  Facilities came out, changed out the card...and it continued.  Add to that the barking dogs in the next room (the PetStay rooms were overbooked apparently) until at least 9 pm and starting again this morning (4/14/13) at 6:30 am, and you'd think I'd be done.  I'm not.  Last night in the Oasis Lounge there was a performance my husband and I wanted to see.  We showed up and were told that seating was only for those with wristbands or VIP status, and standing in a walkway of any sort was not feasible.  Well, it's not marketed in that way.  In fact online it states "no admission, no reservations needed".  Nowhere does it state that there is a need for a wristband, etc. That brings me to Agave's.  We went for breakfast both days, however the 2nd day was ONLY because it was comped due to the aforementioned issues.  The first morning I had something god awful in my soda.  It appeared that some sort of dark black-ish mold was on a piece of ice.  The cups for soda weren't fully cleaned (as evidenced by the remnant color on the bottom of the glass) as well.  Don't waste your time, money, or gas driving out here just because it's got an awesome pool.  I STILL smell like cigarettes, and I don't even smoke!
3 Nice casino with friendly staff; however I do have to admit that I feel like most Casino's are out to steal people's money and that all the games are rigged! I know it is just a crazy conspiracy theory, but just speaking my mind! However inside of this place is one of the most luxurious poker rooms that I have seen in my lifetime! But the A-OK rating is for it being out in the middle of nowhere and cocktail staff is not as frequent as one would expect.
4 The BF and I went to Ak Chin this weekend before seeing Rocky Horror over at the Ultra Star. We figured we may as well check out the casino since we were driving all the way out to Maricopa. I liked the casino. I like that it uses Total Rewards, which I have from going to Vegas, and I also like that the slots have a drink menu/ordering system built in, so I never had to sit around waiting for a waitress. The one drink I got was pretty huge and tasty and only cost 6.75. I also ended up winning, so, of course, I liked that. Anyway, I would go back to this casino if I were in the area for sure.
4 We took advantage of the offer to join the rewards club and get a free buffet and $10 worth of gambling.  We found the casino to be refreshingly clean, the staff very helpful---not your typical smokey, smelly casino.  The lunch buffet had a huge selection of wonderfully prepared foods.  Make sure you save room for the desserts because there a lots of deliciious items.  It is a bit further to go to from where we live (and there are other casinos closer) but AkChin was worth the drive,  If you want to go to a casino, pick this place!!  We had a great afternoon and came home with a  few bucks!!
1 Casino is a dump. Old, smokey, small. By far the worst casino in the east valley. Hotel rates are ridiculous.Not what you would expect from Harrahs
5 Definitely worth the drive.  This is the Casino in the Valley that has earned our business.  Much better than the dump Vee Quiva calls a resort.
4 Overall, I think this is a good Harrah's property and a great way to "staycation" without having to drive too far.  The hotel rooms in both the tower and the pool area are nice and spacious, and if you have a Total Rewards card you can get comps or really cheap rooms even on the weekend. Very clean and each room has a mini fridge, toiletries, and a coffee setup.   The two times I have stayed here the staff has always been friendly and accommodating, especially the bellman. They have free wi-fi and complimentary valet parking.  The casino itself has table games, a poker room, bingo, and lots of slot machines. The tables start at $5 and they have plenty of penny slots.   They have a really large pool with a swim-up bar, but it can be very busy on the weekends and filled with lots of kids. The drinks are reasonably priced for a hotel pool. I wouldn't really recommend the cabana because you get free bottled water, but you can't bring in any outside food or beverages and you don't have a dedicated server so you have to go and wait at the pool bar that most times seems understaffed.   There are are several restaurants ranging from a quick take-out cafe with sandwiches and fried foods to a gourmet sit-down steakhouse. They also have a buffet and a poolside restaurant that serves breakfast and lunch.   Most weekend nights they have free entertainment/live music in the lounge.   The hotel is next to a large cineplex with movies, bowling, a sports bar, and another restaurant so if you get bored swimming or gambling there is something else for you to do. You won't really find anything else to do in Maricopa :)   Overall I think this is a great place to have a weekend stay.
3 I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could.   A nice little casino/hotel for the Phoenix area. About 20 minutes from the airport, this casino is out in Maricopa, a recently developed area. We stayed on a Wednesday night. The casino and rooms are modern looking. Access to your room, the casino, restaurants and pool is easy and convenient, not much walking.   ROOM Our room had comfortable beds, a large flat screen mounted on the wall, desk area, big closet and large shower. The only problem with the room I was in, was that the walls were extremely thin. We could hear people talking as they walked down the hall and a child screaming was so loud, it sounded as if it were coming from inside the bathroom.  CASINO The casino had table games, keno and machines. The table minimums were as low as $5, although I didn't play any, so I cannot comment on the dealers. While I didn't look very hard, I couldn't find any machines cheaper than 50 cents. I didn't spend much time in the casino because drinks are not free. They make it convenient to order drinks, being able to order from your machine. I ordered a beer and when it arrived, was informed it would be $5.50! Unbelievable!  DINING We ate in The Buffet,  Agave's, and Copper Cactus. All three were good and moderately priced. The staff in all three restaurants was extremely friendly. There is a steakhouse, which I was told by other casino go-ers is good.  POOL Very relaxing pool with plenty of space and chairs. The pool was clean and never got too crowded. Keep in mind the swim up bar doesn't open until noon. Once open, beers were $5 each. If you want any type of drink, including non-alcoholic, you have to go inside the casino. The same goes for restrooms. Harrah's is really missing out here, why wouldn't you want people buying drinks at the pool? It's 105 degrees outside!  Overall, this hotel/casino is nice but I think it would only be fun for one or two nights maximum. This place has the potential to get 5 stars, it's just a matter of making it more convenient, free drinks in casino, cheaper drinks at the pool with better bar hours, more convenient restrooms, quieter rooms and a shuttle service to the airport.
2 Unlucky Number Seven  As a Phoenician, when the best part of a Casino Staycation is the short drive time vs. the long, boring drive to Las Vegas, it's time to think about flying...up north.  While I had a VERY nice and spacious second-floor room (facing the pool vs. the dull desert) in the Ocotillo Building and encountered a 85% great staff (that miserable and mostly muted 15% really need to find another job...one that doesn't deal with the public,) I had way too many, or unlucky number seven, disappointments with the place I will surely never visit again:  1. The Trek.   It's bad enough the joint has both an unnecessary and uncovered parking lot, but going through that vast lot, passing the casino, through the lobby and navigating in-between THREE hotel buildings is completely absurd. I understand Vegas real estate, or more specifically, the casinos on the strip, have only so much room, and this Harrah's Ak-Chin is dead-center of 100 miles of nothing desert, but there's no reason to spread everything out.  2. Bar None.  By the time of this writing, they're a week or more away from either reopening or introducing their singular bar. This did not please me on my visit this time and I was punished for my apparently bad timing. I simply cannot stand waiting on the staff for 10+ minutes to bring me my drink or make it a hassle to open a tab or charge to my room when I am at the slots.   3. Screen Test.  Oh, and nice. Instead of the bother of flagging down the waitress, they have little computer screens on each slot you can order your beverage...pending you have both the patience of going through 16 screens to get to what you want or waiting the 10 minutes for the waitress to show up.  4. Tight not Alright.  30% of the slots had the "out of service" notice. 50% of the slots either wouldn't accept my player's card or it took too many annoying and redundant attempts to get it to read the card. 70% of the slots had too high of a denomination of contribution. And 90% of the slots were incredibly too tight. This is thee main reason it's been 3 years, 3 months since I've visited a local Arizona Casino. In fact, this is only the second time I've been to Harrah's Ak-Chin since the late 1990s. Oh, and they're not just tight in payouts, they're tight in space between the machines. For a company that spread out the hotel buildings, rooms, entertainment, lobby, etc...they made the casino a bumper room between machines.  5. Charging Backwards.  When at the machines, good luck on charging drinks to your room from the credit card hold they anxiously took at check in. Or using a credit card to pay for drinks you shouldn't have to at a casino. Or, heaven forbid...opening a tab with a waitress. I was even told once I could open a tab at "the bar." I readily said: "Oh? Which bar?" To which, she replied: "The one that's opening in a couple of weeks." At least, it saved me a tip.  6. Not Buff Enuff.  I'm both a bountiful buffet boy - inside and out of Sin City and a fan of most Harrah's seafood buffets. Harrah's Ak-Chin is one of the absolute worst I've visited. This is sad, since I do everything to promote the Harrah's brand on great buffets. Harrah's Las Vegas and Harrah's Laughlin, have fantastic buffets with huge and steamin' crab legs. This one, at Harrah's Ak-Chin, for $25.99 you get the thinnest, the smallest and the most meatless crab legs. But, there's more. You also get approximately 4 stations of really small meat selections and barely edible portions. Just a note: I'm used to 8+ stations, including an island for deserts/salads. This dinky, seat-yourself buffet was not worth but $6 of that $26 you're paying.   7. From a Distance.  Want to attend the cinema or go bowling but don't want to drive there to have fun? Unfortunately, even with a hundred miles of zilch desert, they choose to put the star attraction of entertainment outside and across an entire parking lot obviously not modeling the great Palms of Las Vegas which has the casino, food court and movie theatre...JUST DOWN ELEVATOR from your room. Now, I am not considered old, by my means, but I don't have the best back or emotional desire to leave the hotel room, travel through 3 buildings and mouse maze of hallways, through the lobby, by the gift shop, into the cramped, bar-less casino, then outside, passing a massive and questionably uncovered parking lot to get to the entertainment building. Even though I deemed, early on, this was my last trip here, I didn't even bother to see the "Ultrastar Multi-tainment Center." Maybe it was great, maybe a lot of fun...but, it was seriously too much effort for me to make it there.  So, I guess, it wasn't lucky number seven for me with my disappointments. Even though I was glad to have such a nice room and a staff that mostly cared, made me laugh and have fun, I still grant this place an extra whole star to...2/5 stars.  In the earnest words of the movie, The Hangover, my next casino visit will hear me shout: "Vegas, baby!"
4 It was a nice Casino!!  It was kind of in the middle of no where...lol.  Farmland...then **poof**...casino.  I got out of my car...and could smell the fresh odor of manure from the nearby fields of growing ..things.    Then I walked in to the casino...and it was amazing. All the stuff Vegas offers.....with less driving, less hassle.    Imagine that.....
1 The most terrible service ever, all night long. Over and over we were disrespected! I've literally never been any where, where they were so rude. Go some where else! Don't come here!
3 My friend can sit at these casinos for 8 hours straight playing, but that is just not me.  Since I know I'm no slots player I didn't even check how much money I was taking, so I played my measly little $27 and promptly lost it all.   So what did I do for the rest of the day since our bus didn't leave for 7-1/2 more hours?  First, I went to the buffet to eat.  The meat was ALL over-cooked:  the Chinese friend pork, the prime rib and the individual bbq ribs were all dry--altho, to be honest, a friend told me his prime rib was juicy so I must have just gotten two bad pieces...and by 2 pieces I mean 2 pieces that are cut sooo paper thin it was a joke.  I've never seen anyone cut meat that thin!  Ick. Moving on, the tortellini was delicious as was the carmel sea salt gelato.  In fact, it was the best gelato I've personally tasted...deeee-licious! Then for the rest of the 5-6 hours I sat and listened to the band play old 50's tunes.  They were pretty good despite being old, dull songs, so no complaints towards the band.  They stayed upbeat the entire time they played. Found a few people to chat with, and that was my day.  Was so tired from the overstimulation both my friend and I fell asleep on the long bus ride home, which is something I never do. Will I ever go back?  Maybe, but for another entire 8 hour day getting stuck there?  Uh...think not.  Just for a couple hours I might, tho. If the weather permits and you are like me and not a gambler, you can sit outside by the pool and soak up some rays.  Just an idea...
5 Outstanding room and the friendly staff a traveler could ask for! The room was awesome with it's flat screen TV and refrigerator and cool walk in shower. I ended up winning $1030.00 on a slot machine. I went on this trip to Phoenix and out west to see Tombstone, Sedona & Lost Dutchman State park & several ghost towns. I am retired police officer and like to investigate paranormal & ghost activities. I was able to photograph a ghost in my room. My ac was not working and I called front desk and they sent maintenance to my room. They quickly fixed the ac and I showed them picture of the ghost and they were shocked. They are unable to rent the room across my my room due to some unknown problem that they told me they were unable to take care of.........?  The room was comped which was a bonus. Besides the ghost moving things around at night while i slept and turned my computer on I would highly recommend this hotel!
1 This casino is not kid friendly or customer friendly. Security wouldn't let my 20 year old grandson go in to the restaurant, also the bar area smells like vomit. This place stinks Inside and outside.
1 My beer sat empty and I waited for someone to ask me if I wanted another for   22 minutes.  There were 3 bartenders and a bar back with only 9 customers at the bar.   Service has really declined here over the years and the lady bartenders had so many tattoo's that I thought I was at a tattoo convention vs a casino.  This place goes from bad to worse.   After poor service at the bar I decided to grab dinner.  Ha!  GOOD LUCK!  The line at the Buffet was ridiculously long so I walked over to Agave's restaurant only to learn they are closed for dinner and an exclusive daily VIP happy hour.   The hostess recommended the burger joint upfront or walk to 347 Grill.  Hmmm, what do they serve, I inquired.  I have no idea she says, but I heard its good.   Back to the buffet I go for a 50 min wait while the locals cash in their coupons.  Complete Chaos.
1 My sister an I visited recently. We couldn't win anything on slots, they were sp tight. After losing a good amount of money, we decided to give bingo a try.  What a ripoff.  We each spent over $50 for our buy in, and never came close. This place seats like 100 people. Never again! I will stick to playing at the Fort where I can win when the place is at capacity,  and spend less than $50.
