1 Run away as fast as you can. Half the price, twice the crack heads. I was in a bad place financially when I moved here, so I didn't have much of a choice. Thankfully, things are better, and I'm able to leave this slum in the dust.   Gates are never locked so there are always bums around, separate from the tenants who aren't much better. I walked outside to a girl fight one evening. There were about 15 kids in front of my patio cheering on two girls beating eaching other up.   Management is terrible. Maintenance notices are never given, all of sudden your water will be shut off, and unlike most of the tenants, I have a job so I like to shower in the morning. My oven turns on by itself, and all my complaints have gone unheeded. They never unlock the dirty fitness rooms they rave about, and when you're moving out, don't expect them to fax in a verification to your new landlord. They'll tell them things like you have an unauthorized occupant in the apartment (I had the front office make me a copy of the lease, and then proceeded to point out that my boyfriend did, in fact, sign it) or that you have an unauthorized pet.  Thankfully, my new landlord can smell the bull.
1 I have a coworker who has had several issues with the management & maintenance at The Villages at Metro apartments. After moving from one apartment to another within the same complex, she was hit with several "hidden charges" that NO ONE advised her of until after it was a done deal. This started when the transfer process first started. Every time she would talk to the office, the prices would change. Finally was able to get a set price which she paid, then when she went in to get the keys & sign papers there was one issue after another, including the amount owed changing yet again!! On the day she went in to sign paperwork & get keys, they were no where near being ready for a move in (as promised). There were many, many items not completed. She patiently waited until the next morning when the movers arrived and still many things not ready. The maintenance crew left & said they would come back - never did. They finally came back days later & did some of the items that were not done, but after being in the new apartment for a couple months there are STILL several items that still need attention in the apartment - things that were never completed when she moved in. On top of all that, she then started receiving past due notices. She had spoken with the office manager when she first received the notice. The manager said it was for a cleaning deposit on the old apartment... she said since there had been such inconveniences with the whole transition and items still not being properly fixed in the new apartment that she would have that fee waived. Since that conversation 2 additional notices were sent out & the price has now tripled. She pays rent on time every month, she is a good tenant & has been really patient, but is now more than a little frustrated. She called the office again & got nothing but the run around - assistant manger "explaining" all the fees, yet these were NEVER communicated to their tenant, just thrown on her account & racking up ridiculous past due fees when told she wouldn't have to pay the move out costs? Absolute BULL!!
1 I lived at The Villages at Metro for exactly 26 days. The process to move in was way more than I expected to pay and even after two months after I moved out I just got a $90 charge for the cleaning of the room that was never explained to me - even though I left the room in the same (or better) condition that I got it in. While I was there I didn't really have any problems myself; to their credit we did have a bee problem twice and they took care of it that same day and they were really good about post marking the paperwork so I could move out on time, but I heard car alarms going off every night, my neighbor got her bike stolen, and the drunk, meth-dealing Navajos brought five police cars to our area one night. Not very impressed and I will not be recommending this place to anyone I know.
5 If you are looking for a quality lifestyle in a fabulous setting in North Phoenix, look no further than The Villages. We redefine the way you live in Phoenix by blending a stylish community in a remarkable location with high-caliber service delivered by our friendly and professional staff. It won't take long to realize that rental living in one of our Phoenix apartments is easier, more reliable, and notably better than the rest.  Located just minutes from the Phoenix Metro Center Mall, dining, and schools, the Villages is ideal for active families and singles alike. We make renting in Phoenix affordable and easy, plus we are a great apartment community for your pets as well. Welcome home to The Villages.
1 Do not move here!!! Have been a tenant for to long,  things to expect: drugs, shootings, robberies, killings 2 within 4 years with one happening 2 doors away. Harassment from the always changing property management, property poorly kept do not expect to get anything fixed in a timely  manner.DO NOT BRING FAMILY HERE THEY HATE KIDS! !!!
1 This is a horrible apartment complex.  The office staff are hateful shrews that enjoy making your trip to the office miserable.  They tell you they can do whatever they want and advise you to call Jeff in corpoate.   He taught the office staff all of their customer service skills.  They don't care about fixing anything or problems you may be having but at every chance they get they will demand more money from you.  You will feel safe as the police are always here.   The over powering smell of weed and chemical smell of meth are constant but the office doesn't want to address this.  I have had to explain the little zip lock baggie are not bugs packing lunches to my children.   The new people renting here are bringing in bugs and you get held responsible.  The new people also bring violence and more drug fuelled parties.  I had to walk my kids from the car to our home through a group of men throwing beer bottles at each other.   These apartments aren't cheap either.  I cant say I hate it enough!
