1 I just moved out after living here for just 6 months, Thank God. It was quite an experience.  When I moved in, I had cockroaches in my kitchen. I saw and killed 5 within a week! After I told management, they eventually fumigated - but only after I killed a handful more.   Also, when I moved in, a bunch of things were broken or things didn't work properly. When I delievered the "evaluation of the apartment" form, I expected that most of them would be fixed. However, I called two weeks later to see why they didn't come in and fix them and it turns out they lost my paper, so they didn't know what was broken but they never asked me to fill out another one!  4 months went by with little to no aggravation.  It was only in the last month that I experienced even more turmoil.  In the morning, a random guy will be in the dumpsters shifting through your trash. Why you may ask? Because the management never closes the gate, so anyone can walk in at night. Seriously, the front gate (which normally requires a passcode) was left open 90% of the time I lived there. I eventually forgot the passcode because there was no need to remember it anymore!  Days before I moved out, my bike was stolen from me. For 5 months and 25 days, my bike had been locked up against the stairs to my apartment. When I moved in, I specifically asked if the bike would pose a problem, to which management said no, that it was completely fine because people left out grills etc. So when I called up the management to see if they would help in anyway, she let me know that the it was not her duty to help me and that I should not have left my bike outside of my apartment.  Not to mention gas syphoning, rude management, dirty pools and limited parking.  Good luck if you choose to live here!
1 This place is awful! I've lived her for almost 11 months and cannot wait to be out of here. In the past 11 months my dishwasher, air conditioning, oven, garbage disposal, toilets, and front door have all had major problems such as completely breaking, my lock on front door wouldn't open and close and the handle on my toilet broke. As if all these wasn't enough, I was without these for almost weeks at a time, calling the office and maintenance several times a week until they would be fixed. The maintenance would basically be lazy and not come up, and the office women didn't give a crap. Horrible customer service all together. When I was out of town for a few days around when rent was due, I had a friend watching my apartment and also give them my rent. When she was there they were very rude to her face and made negative comments about me and basically called me a flake to my friend. The pools are disgusting and never cleaned. They never shut the gates so just anyone can come in! A result of this was my tires and my neighbors both being slashed, our other neighbors scooter was completely stolen. Also most of the problems inside our apartment had happened to our neighbors a well. Do not move here unless you want to be treated horribly!
5 I moved in April 7th, and I have never been happier. It actually ok me a couple of weeks and 2 visits to make up my mind. I am a first time renter, so I was pretty much nervous and stressed.   Esther the apartment manger has been great and honest from the beginning. She's made me feel like home and is very attentive to my needs as a renter.  No place is perfect, but they have resolved every and any issue I've had right away.   I definitely recommend you come check this place out. It's worth the visit.  Great location to the strip; for those who like to be close, but not too close, and far, but not too far. There's a 24 hour fitness minutes away, and there are plenty of groceries stores around the area. A really cool dog park on Tropicana and of course,  a Starbucks!!
5 I love my apartment at the Willows.   The vaulted ceilings make my one bedroom seem spacious and also keeps the place pretty cool. I love my huge bedroom closet and big bath tub. I was also given a free accent wall with my move in (:   The online system for paying rent and scheduling maintenance repairs is super convenient. I requested to have a shower curtain put in and few other repairs and had someone to my apartment next day.   The property is very clean and grounds are kept nicely. Quiet and gated.  Outside my balcony there is a huge tree that bloomed beautiful purple flowers. It is so lovely!  As for the negative reviews below. I believe the property was taken over by a new management a year ago. The current staff is great. I'm confident they run this place up to parr.
