5 This academy is great! I've been to a few different ones and this one is by far the best.  The Salon is hip, trendy and relaxed. The front desk staff and awesome and very accommodating with changes. They really do aim to please and take care of all clients.  The instructors are awesome too and really take the time to listen to me, chat with the stylist and ensure that everyone knows what's going to take place.  They constantly check in with the Stylist while they are doing the cut / color etc, to make sure they are on track but they don't hover around and make me feel nervous. The Stylist, while all students, are very very competent and know what they are doing.  The best thing I love, is that they don't take short cuts. We've all been to see Stylist who'd rather take the easy way than the right way.  They don't do this here - which I love. They really take the time on the service - whether its a hair cut or color, and make sure its done right. It might take a little longer, but I'd rather my hair be done correctly than quickly.  Their colors are the best I've had! I'm always amazed at how great my color is when I leave, far better than anywhere else I've been. Again, they take their time and don't take short cuts when doing my color.   They are great with kids too. Both my boys have had hair cuts there. They are 12 and 7 and are always made to feel very welcome.  The stylists and instructors took the time to discuss with my kids what they'd like to have done too. It was great to see everyone treated the same, especially when it comes to kids. They felt very important and were delighted to be part of the decision process and have their styles discussed with them.  If you're looking for a less expensive way to keep your hair looking great, give these guys a go. You won't be disappointed!
5 Thank God for Toni and Guy, because quite frankly I was ready to go bald if I got one more bad haircut elsewhere.    First off, its important to understand that this place is the academy, so your haircut will be done by a student.  Don't let that student tag scare you off, because before a student can see clients,  they must have had at least 6 months of classroom learning.  Also realize every student is different, so when you sign up you could get someone about to graduate.   Note, it's best to schedule an appointment because the place does fill up.    If you are new to the service, don't worry about the hairstyling.  All cuts and colors are reviewed by a teacher.  For newer students expect the teacher to probably cut most of your hair, while older students will have almost pure autonomy.  Quick note, if you do not know what you want, just decide if you want a more typical hair cut or something more edgy.     I don't know how long women's cuts take, but generally a men's cut will take the full 90 mins.  This includes shampooing, cutting and styling.  The place is really relaxed and is not really pushy with their products.  My only complaint is that the music can be so random that I don't know if I'm about to square dance or rave.    The price and quality are unbeatable if you are willing to wait.  If you are expecting a 30 minute run through, this isn't your place.
5 I am beyond thrilled with my haircut! Zach did an awesome job.   We cut off something like six or seven inches and drastically changed the color. He was encouraging and supportive and excited about all our choices. His coach was always nearby if Zach had a question. I never felt nervous about having a student cut and color my hair.   His attention to detail and conversation was perfect. Everyone I've seen since has absolutely loved my hair.   By the end of the cut, two students stood by watching to see the final product and they were really impressed with his work.  Highly recommended.
5 Zach cut my hair last week.  He is about a year into the program and did a great job.  I am a male and have very course hair so it is hard to find someone good.  I will go to him again.  I was hesitate to go here at first since this is a academy but was impressed.
5 I'm in my 50's and have paid $100's of dollars at high end salons to get my hair colored and my hair cut, so not worth it, especially when you're disappointed in the results. Why spend the $ when you get a great hair cut for $17 and my roots done for $20. Best deal in town! The Academy is beautiful, very slick, big city atmosphere, loud industrial type music. The students are thorough, and really take their time, and under the watchful eye of their very experienced instructors, I can almost guarantee you'll not be disappointed. Jordan did a great job cutting my hair, 2 weeks ago, Shelby colored it. Previously, Ana and then Nathan did my hair, both of them now work at Toni & Guy salons and I'm sure are on their way to very successful careers.
5 Hooray their music finally found itself.  I'm so happy their music is less bipolar, and now just a mix of house, rock and pop.    Lovely as usual, and I learned they have a little book of haircuts.  If you don't know what you want, just ask to see their book and see your potential hair cuts.  Since you're just as good looking as their models, it'll help you and your student figure out what you want. .
5 First of all, I am not a friend nor do I know any body personally who works here. I was reading the obscure review of a previous student and thought to myself, wow that is very unnecessary. As a customer, which is all that should matter on this site, hence what yelp is for, I will say my experience here today was nice. I had lowered my expectations because this is a school and I understand that students are learning and practicing, but I came to realize they do a MUCH better job than ANY other school I've been to in the past. My stylists name was kaylee or kylee (not sure how to spell it) and she was very sweet, and most importantly did a good job. She listened to me, she knew what she was doing and I certainly didn't get any bad vibes from the surroundings. Everyone seemed to be busy working on things or clients or cleaning or doing something of the sort. I have gone to the school before in the past, when it was located by fashion square and I must say this new location surely is a step up. I am impressed. I liked it a lot. My color came out better than expected and I really like the cut too ... better than my last few hair cuts that I paid too much $ for. I will definitely be coming back and seeing kaylee (kylee?) again hopefully if she is still here. She did a great job and I'm happy. Thanks Tony & Guy :)
5 Top notch,great haircuts,great price. Supervisor went above and beyond on trendy haircut thank you!!
5 Needed my quarterly cut and partial weave. Just didn't feel like spending the almost $200 for the resort spa salon appt, even if it DOES include all-day access to the lovely spa & pool... In the past (3+ yrs ago), I used to get my hair done at a hair school @ the C-Institute on Rural & Southern. Read it's recent reviews here & saw that place isn't rating too well, AND they dumped Aveda, changed to L'Oreal, WTH?  THANKS TO YELPERS, I CALLED TONI & GUY!!  Didn't even know about it till you guys reviewed it for me...  I called on Thur, got in for Saturday morning 2 days later, I was shocked they had space for such a long appt on a Sat a.m.  The told me if you REALLY want availability, go during the week (open Tue-Sat) - they are hungry for people to work on!  I got lost finding the place, they say "Pavillions by Mountainside Fitness." Turns out Mountainside isn't obvious - Pavillions is BIG and covers 2 sides of Indian Bend. Go to SOUTH side, west-most area of shopping center (closest to Pima Rd.) Turn south off Indian Bend at Hooters  :-)  Like everyone says, it's clean, bright, modern, and I love the big floor to ceiling windows that are in view of most stations. Walking in, it looks like a real salon. I apologized for being lost/late to the check-in guy at front desk who was friendly and nice. I noticed only the Manager lady at front desk didn't smile/greet.    Kelly was my stylist, Travis was the instructor overseeing her. Stylist Kelly was upbeat, friendly, asked a lot of questions about what I wanted, and really listened. When Travis came over to review, they had an exchange about coloring choice & method that made me feel confident about both of their abilities. As she got going, Travis came by and politely corrected her on how she was sectioning my hair, and she responded to him appreciatively. A nice exchange over my head, again adding to my confidence.  My hair turned out GREAT. She did highlights 2 to 1 with low lights, thin strands so it looks natural, and gave me a great cut resulting in exactly what I asked her for. I actually can't tell the difference in outcome from the resort salon!    I learned that if the students don't maintain at least a 90% in their courses, they're out. T&G has impeccable standards, and it shows. I also noticed the students weren't standing around gossiping or complaining out on the floor as if the customer is a mannequin head - a VERY nice change from the other school. It seems maybe T&G actually trains students to behave in a professional manner when out in "public," not sure?    I brought snacks and something to drink knowing I would be there a long time. I was there total of 4 hours, frankly only about 1 hour longer than when I go to my salon in a Paradise Valley resort.  I was out the door for $57 + an easily-afforded, much-deserved generous tip for Kelly.
5 I cant say enough good things about the academy. I have been going to the toni and guy at san tan for awhile and trust them always, however they are expensive. the academy gives the exact quality and standard of work from the salon for a third of the price. check in offers and free services from mentioning yelp. I have Bella do my hair she is amazing!
1 I am not one who typically writes reviews, and I am not one who really fusses about my hair too much either, buuuuuuut I think a legit yelp review needs to be done for this place. (clearly all the other reviews are friends and family).    here is a brief timeline of how my day went.   9:30 I got there and showed Kelly (the girl that was highly recommended from a yelp reviewer)  a picture, exactly what I want. she went and got her instructor and they talked about how to go about doing it. they were talking to each other the whole time, not including me in the convo because I gave them a picture, this is what I want, get it done. (it was a classy looking ash blonde ombre).   10:00 begin slapping on the bleach without any precision ( I mean I literally could have done a better job on myself. No joke)   1:00 Finally after 3 hours time to rinse/tone.  she asked me specifically what tones I like I said  NOT orange or golden. more of ash color like the picture.   1:45 look in the mirror in absolute horror as my hair is indeed  bright orange.I then tried to calm myself down by reassuring myself that it is because it is wet and it will look better dry.  2:10 hair is dry and I am in tears because my hair is so ugly and  brassy.   2:20 the main lady (I think the manager?)  comes over and calms me down telling me she herself will fix it. . I show her the picture and explain what I want.(since apparently a picture is not enough)  I want it NATURAL looking. I emphasized natural about ten times.   3:00 after making me wait a half hour they finally come with the second batch of dye. to cool it down she grabbed what they called 7 over 0 or something. I did not know what color she was doing I just trusted her judgment as she is the manager and she knows what she is doing...right?   6:00 finally done with the second attempt and the moment I looked in the mirror I regret saying anything the first go round, because my hair  was much worse than before. that beautiful 7 over 0 color was actually just another way of saying pitch black, and the bottom  was platinum. kruella devil is the only way I can describe it. I must say at least kruella devil has a straight line between black and white. My hair has streaks where the foil was placed (it was patchy kind of like tiger stripes).  I have no idea how to fix my hair now,  because they completely fried my hair in trying to "fix" the problem.( the lady was pulling out large chucks of blonde hair as she combed it, and then tried to hide it so I couldn't see....)  I really wish I could upload a picture, it is awful!!!  the worst part is they knew it looked bad both times, they tried to defend it and  they tried to blame me and say it is my fault because I did not tell them enough information on how to do it.... really? last I checked I was not the one teaching hair school.     So long story short, just wasted my whole day, absolutely ruined my hair and I even paid $60 to do  it! wahoo. thanks guys real good job....   * side note*  overheard a student talking to the instructor that was doing my hair at the time about his client that was having a problem with her hair. The student said to the instructor, "I took care of it though I  told her to just buy a wig" .... really that is how they handle there ugly dye jobs? tell their clients to buy wigs...guess that is about the point I am at though. just wish I put my $60 toward a wig instead.   I would highly recommend NOT risking your beautiful hair with this place, but then again its your hair to lose.... (literally)   (=
5 I love me a great deal.  I got my bangs trimmed and my hair touched up.  The only thing is it will literally take you all day. Bad planning on my part but I needed to get my hair done before I flew out of state for a few days and my mom made last minute plans to meet up for lunch so I did not get to stay there as long as I would have liked to get the deep hair conditioning treatment and so two girls had to hurry and blow dry my hair so I could make it own in time or a little over the time I had said.    The color turned out to look a bit darker than I expected but it was good enough to wear it still looked nice.
4 Just got home from this establishment.  Sarah was right, it will take you all day.  Came in to get partial highlights and a cut, all-in-all took 4.5 hours. I came out a bit lighter than I would have liked, but once the roots start coming in, I think I will have the color I was looking for.  Next time I'll just make sure to be EXTRA specific.    Marta did my color and cut and she's a very pleasant girl.  She's skillful and very polite.  Can't beat the price!  Overall, I will definitely go back.  The atmosphere is friendly, and the professionals are always there to assist when a student isn't sure about something.  Please remember to tip as students don't receive anything from the price you pay for the services to the academy.  I liked being able to book my appt online.  Great touch!
5 Great atmosphere. Felt the team vibe when u walk in. Teachers are everywhere and always accessible to ask questions. I had Yuri and she was fantastic. Great shampoo and parting. Again their teacher was available for her anytime during the cut. Teacher was professional and didn't seem to be bothered to help. You could tell that they are easily approachable. The cut ended up exactly what I wanted and I also learned a lot about my hair and the tricks for naturally curly.  I've already made my apt in 6 weeks so Yuri can learn to trim up her own cut.  Don't forget to tip the stylists. They deserve it.
5 This place is great!! Alba and Allie are really awesome! Highlights and cut, I really couldn't be or never have been happier! So many people loved my hair, really 15 compliments today! 15!! and I would give 10 stars if I could! I can't recommend this salon and these two fab young ladies highly enough! Thank you!!
5 My Stylist, Doreen is FANTASTIC!!!  She has cut, colored and highlighted my hair for several months.  Each time I am there, she takes such care, time, and works hard to do what I want.  She is so focused on doing a good job that she is oblivious to what is going on around her...which is a good thing...for me!  I will continue to go to Doreen, I am so lucky that I found her.  She knows all of the latest cuts, color and styles...and she uses them!  I love my hair and what she has done so far to make it, what I like.  Bridget F.
5 Best place ever I have been going here since they opened. The students and instructors are great and I have never been there for longer then 4 hours and I get a lot done to my hair. The prices are great and my hair always comes out looking amazing.
5 Amazing job once again. Breanna did great. Also love the instructor AK.... Dude is beyond amazing. I will keep coming back. Thank u thank u thank u. Love my hair!!!!
5 Absolutely love my new cut! Fair warning it will take a long time because they are students but I've never had someone pay so much attention to detail on my hair before. It was totally worth it!! I took 5 inches off and was very impressed with Rihanna!! LOVE LOVE LOVE
1 Beyond frustrated. I had to bring my daughter with because I didn't have a sitter for her and she is only 4 years old. Obviously not able to stay home alone. I was greeted and seated in the chair. Described what I wanted to the student and then when the instructor came to approve. She told me children are not allowed on the floor. I do understand children are not always welcome this is not the part that frustrated me. The part that was beyond frustrating is that they don't make this mandatory rule known to all staff/students. Had the person at the front desk told me immediately I would have been ok with it rules are rules what are you going to do. The fact that I was seated and made to believe I was actually going to get service is what really pushed be over the edge.  Not to mention I actually have brought my daughter with to this salon before when she was a toddler and they had zero issues with it. Also they offer kids cuts on there menu?
2 This place is nuts. For students who are looking to score a position at a high end salon when they graduate - best of luck. There is always a huge cluster of students smoking right by the front door, (I've seen some light up right in the doorway)the level of incessant giggling on the floor rivals that of my daughters 6th grade birthday party, saw a student sleeping on a couch in the lobby today, girls dance, run around, swear and gossip to no end.  Why do I go here? I was lucky enough to find one of the elite students who actually cares about her future and does a stellar job every time I go to see her. When she leaves this summer, there is no forces in the universe that could get me back in that place. They need some babysitters/room moms/counselors to start keeping things under control. One Direction Zayn at the front desk needs to work on his charm and smile technique, also.
5 I am currently growing my hair after very bad short haircut. My hair is still short and all I wanted was some shape.  I was hesitant because it is students who cut the hair but same time thought that the teachers are there and they can correct a mistake, in case it happens.  The student name was Brittany. SHE CUT MY HAIR BETTER THAN ANYONE BEFORE! She was working slow and careful, cutting small portions and cross checking if the hair is cut equally. At the end, she dried my hair flat vs fluffy which I prefer, but this is just styling preference. I will go back again definitely and follow here wherever she goes after graduating in October 2014.
