4 While the concept of a coffee/boba tea shop connected to a Reflexology establishment seems a bit off, it has a lot of promise and is rather charming.  Upon entry, you're in small space about a third the size of a typical Starbucks.  The menu offers Boba, fresh fruit smoothies, coffee, tea, and all sorts of drinks for about $3.50 as well as light bites.  I had the 'Mango Madness' smoothie which made me happy considering it's made with fresh fruit and not with sugary-ick puree or boxed ingredients.  The space offers wi-fi and has a theme of red-focused Oriental Decor mixed with sleek cafe.  They offer 99 cent Boba, which is pretty neat, and the owner/daughter are super friendly and ready to chat for feedback about their business.  They made me a cappuccino to see how I approved and it was decent, with the froth being pretty smooth and the espresso tasting pleasant.    While it's not a terribly involved space, it's a good place to grab a boba and sit with your laptop to get work done.  Better yet, grab a quick massage next door and enjoy your smoothie afterwards!
4 GF Coffee is a convenient stop for refreshments after enjoying a massage at Good Foot Spa. Located next door, this little gem is bright and genuine. I enjoyed a hot honey rose boba tea--a dark colored, clear, sweet tea served in a paper coffee cup for $3-4. The tea goes well with the fresh Chinese dumplings. How do I know they were fresh? I smelled them cooking during my massage next door (what a great advertisement!). The dumplings are as big as a pizza pocket but made with eggs, green onion and shrimp. Two for $5 is the perfect price.  The friendly attendant wore a red uniform and offered a stamp card. If you order 8 drinks, you get one free. I lose these types of cards or toss them, but they're nice for organized regulars.
4 2 drinks comes out to less than $6 with the Yelp 20% check in.  Dude!  DOOD!  So hard to top!  That's almost the price of one freakin drink at Tea Station these days.    I like the watermelon slush with boba.  My wife only gets boba milk tea.  The staff is friendly.  Take out is the way to go.  There's absolutely no reason to hang out here.  No vibe whatsoever.  At least Tea Station has that going for them I guess.
4 Normally, I probably would've gone to tea station or some other place for tea/boba, but Don and I made an agreement that we weren't going to go to any of our usual eating/drinking spots together for the next three months. Because of that, we ended up here. We were both pretty skeptical about going inside because we couldn't help but be a little disturbed by the side by side signs: Good Feet Foot Massage - GF Coffee. Don't you just automatically assume that means Good Feet Coffee? We sure did.  Once you enter, to the left is a curtain that connects GF Coffee with the foot spa. A large group of men actually entered through the curtain while we were ordering. The place isn't decorated very well, but I think most people just go in and out anyway. We ended up ordering tapioca tea and a coconut slush w/ boba. When we were waiting for the drinks, we overheard the group of guys talking about the stamp cards. They didn't even offer us any stamp cards when we ordered, so we had to go up to the girl to ask her about it, THEN she gave it to us, ugh. I probably would've given this place 3 stars because of the service, but both of our drinks were ammazing, especially the coconut drink and I don't usually like coconut. They were just so flavorful and pretty addicting. I definitely prefer the drinks here over Volcano Tea and Tea Station.
1 I have 2 theories; 1) The barista that was working there when I went around 6pm on April 27, 2012 just absolutely sucked OR 2) Nobody ordered the Cappuccino blended drink, the White Chocolate blended drink, OR the milk tea. Yes, the sizes are enormous, which everyone was thrilled about when we brought these drinks home, but after one sip, everyone was really disappointed. The cappuccino blended drink had absolutely separated into two parts on the 10 minute drive home, ALL the drinks were way too sweet; the syrup in the white chocolate sinks to the bottom, and need constant stirring. I had them 'fix' the milk tea while I was there, but the other drinks were for roommates at home so I had no idea how they were.   I have three stamps on a card if anyone who actually likes this place wants it..
4 I'm not from Vegas, but when I saw this shop after lunch one day I had to make a stop.  I'll admit.  I'm addicted to boba.  I skipped the foot massage and went straight for the drinks.  The interior can use some help, but this place is a great bang for the buck.  The selection is vast, prices are low and the sizes of the drinks could be called "Texas Sized."  I experienced a small language barrier when I ordered as the cashier (and I believe owner) had a little trouble for taking my order.  However, my green tea latte more than made up for it.
4 Fresh taro smoothies? Yes, please. I am conflicted in believing it. On one hand, there were taro pieces being soaked on the counter. On the other hand, my drink still came out purple. Eh, in the end, my drink was not overly sweet and the boba was just the right amount of chewy. Another plus, their drinks are only $3.75 with tapioca.
5 FRESH TARO boba!   Large sizes!  'Nuff said :P
5 This review is late. I realized I hadn't written a review for my favorite boba place after I had been mentioning while reviewing other shops. (Shame on me!)  Anyway, the girls who work here are friendly and efficient! One would be taking the order, and as soon as I'm done ordering and paying for 2 SUPER sized drinks, the other lady from behind the counter comes out with our drinks before we even step away from the counter. WOW.  The flavor of the Milk Tea is on point, in my opinion, and the boba has great consistency. I have also tried the matcha green tea, the passion-fruit mango, and chocolate chip flavors. I loved them all!  This replaced No. 1 Boba for me, and has been one of my regular stops.
4 I didn't really see any evidence of the fresh fruit they claim to use, but my drink was good, so I don't really care. My taro milk tea was just right, and $3.50 for a medium is super cheap. Especially considering that the medium is MASSIVE. There are some tables to sit at, but you won't stay, unless you're getting snacks to eat.. The place has all the ambiance of an old gas station... Oh, and if you like getting your feet massaged.. Well, just grab your tea and walk through the curtain to Good Feet or whatever it's called... Kinda weird, but again, the drink was good, cheap, and big, and that's all I really cared about.
4 MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!  Need I say more? Lychee Boba - my favorite in the world!   I wouldn't hang out here, but the boba is just what my belly wanted.
1 We read some good reviews on yelp and decided to try it out while we were in town. There's good and bad depending on what your order. DO NOT ORDER THE COCONUT SMOOTHIE! I don't understand why my coconut drink was BROWN! All I saw the lady do was pour a brown pre-made liquid into a blender and she threw in some kind of powder. It tasted more like a little mocha. WEIRD!  I didn't see any fresh fruit anywhere. All I saw were syrup pumps in the front and then a wall of powders and a few refrigerators in the back. We also got Thai teas and we had to throw it away. We couldn't even finish it because we didn't like it. The only good ones were the strawberry, taro, and red bean. But I don't think any of them had real ingredients. So it will be up to you if you want to waste your money on fake flavor powders. You may like it, but I'd rather go somewhere that has real fruits and real teas. "Tea Station" is a few doors down for REAL teas and "No. 1 Boba" is a little bit further for REAL fruits and REAL teas!
5 I love this place!  I stop in for boba teas and slushies with my kids, especially in the hot summer. They definitely use real fruit, some fresh, some frozen. They are quick and super nice. Its easy access driving, which is a big thing for me having 2 toddlers in the car with me. Getting them out to go in a mall is too much sometimes when I'm out running errands. There is a small seating area and they serve some food too. dumplings and such, but I never had a chance to order that. Sizes are generous. I tried the boba bee place across the street and had a bad experience / communication, so I just stick with this place. My favorite it the coconut lychee. Its amazing!!! the mango is really good too. This place has a mom and pop kindof feel to it as the same 2 people are always in there every time I go. I like places like that.
5 My #1 Spot for Boba. It's a small, quiant place located right next to Foot Spa(?). I remember I was short on time & I was driving down Spring Mtn & I told myself I would stop at the first shop that had the sign for 'Boba' to fill my craving. I'm glad I did.  I stick to my Coconut milk tea or Coconut smoothie with boba, while I have also tried the Taro, and a few other Fruit flavors. I frequent this place a few times a week and I have not been disappointed yet with the beverage quality. I won't go anywhere else anymore. & you really cannot beat the prices!  BUT... I kinda find it strange that the lady that I see every single visit doesn't really remember my sister & I when we walk in. I would just think that in a customer service atmosphere where you're trying to have regulars, that you would want to try to remember our drinks or something.... I don't know. lol  Oh & though the open at 10am, they won't have boba balls ready until 11am. I stopped in on my way to work only to be told that. So sad :( haha
4 When I crave for Boba  where would one think to go?  Around the corner from my house?  Nope! No sir!  Not me!  This place is good enough to where I pack my kids in the car,  disturb everyone in the house, and drive 25 minutes all the way to china town just for that one cup of boba.  And why the hell not?  Their milk tea is full of jasmine flavor, the boba has a nice consistency and texture, and the lady who owns it is nice and friendly.  Their drinks never taste  watered down and has the perfect ice to liquid ratio.  Not to mention that they have stamp cards that promise me a free boba drink on my tenth trip.ya!  Come here if you want a boba fix!
2 Pass.  Oh yeah, that "elite" thing. Fine.  I've been driving past this place for a long, long time and keep saying to myself "I really need to give them a shot sometime." Done, and never again.  I know a language barrier may or may not be an issue in a lot of places but... I couldn't even ask simple questions about the drinks here. That may be an issue for some more than others, but worth noting.  The boba pearls tasted... weird. Like they had absorbed that tap water taste and sat around too long. The smoothie itself was too icy for my taste. I had taro. Flavor was mediocre as well. Black sesame milk tea was better but still not motivating enough to come back. Over-sweetened as well.  "Meh. I've experienced better."
