4 Brand new Del Taco location up in Centennial Hills just off 95 and Durango. Open 24-hours like other locations. Pretty good service and consistent food, always know what to expect from Del Taco. This location is often not quite as busy as the one in Centennial Center, nice to have an option.
2 You have a choice here. Jack in the Box or Del Taco. Del Taco is great for breakfast, when you need something quick, or when there are 5 cars in Jacks drive thru.
4 Love when their coupons come out.  Saves a bunch on money.  This Del Taco is clean and new.  Staff are pretty cool and efficient.  I just don't like the wait in drive thru
3 I'm a relatively big del taco fan. I don't eat alot of fast food but if I want some tacos these are quick and some of my fav, specifically the fish tacos they're quite tasty.  They also have a new like.. lower priced menu that isn't half bad. I would recommend the jacked up bean and cheese burrito off of that menu...
3 Decent fast food style tacos/burritos at a pretty good price.  Staff was friendly, but they need to do something about the wait in the drive-thru.  Been the other Del Tacos around town and this one seems to be the slowest out of them all.  Always a wait no matter what time you go.
3 Busiest in town makes it fresh.  Get some always fast fresh and friendly, its fast food, but WAY better than Taco bell..boo his...zero stars for Taco bell....  Del at least has some fresh ingredients and flavors, inferno sauce is best.    Almost a 4 star, but its a fast food place.  Service is stellar, so lets call it 3.5 stars..not 4 stars yets till they serve beer.  lol
5 This del taco has especially fresh and tasty food. The staff is always friendly and fast. Even late at night it has a line and it's still quick.
3 Being an OC native, home of Del Taco, I've been hooked on it for a long time.  Love their fries more than all other places with the exception of In-n-out.  Value can't be beat. This location is clean with friendly service.
4 These fish tacos are worth the trip. I love the fries and other goodies that they sale at this location. The drive thru is always moving pretty quickly.  The people who work the drive thru are pretty nice. But make sure that you double check your order. I give it 4 stars :)
