1 The staff was bad.  They almost did not allow me to take my test after producing a valid government ID.  After I produced another form of ID, the lady still looked at me skeptically.  It wasn't until my classmate stepped in to vouch for me that she finally allowed me to start my test.  I question the training this registration lady received.  Especially because I had no problem last year taking my USMLE Step 1 nor my COMLEX level 1 at this site.  I thought my problem was an isolated incident and would have dismissed it as such.  However, after speaking to many of my colleagues whom have also taken their tests there.  I must agree that I question the training they are receiving.  They are very rude when things don't go according to plan.   The staff needs to be replaced and/or retrained.    If you come, bring two forms of valid government issued ID.   Worst prometric I have ever been to.  I have had experiences with over 4.
5 They are very strict in regards to the name on your ID matching the name that you registered with.To prevent any problems questions, I would print out all confirmation emails, receipts, etc. and to bring them with you.  There were 2-3 female employees here when I went, alternating what job to do. They were very nice to me.  You need to sign out/in for breaks and for the test I had to take, you could take however many breaks you wanted as long as you didn't go past the amount of time allotted for your test. I took the Hesi A2, by the way. Also, if you take the Hesi A2 test, you need to know your online log-in and password for the site you used to register for the test.  ::: PROS Parking is NOT in confusing a parking garage Not in a busy part of town Easy to find/navigate through parking lot Water cooler w/ cups Clean bathroom Lockers available for putting your things Comfortable seating Use of dry erase boards for problem solving, good pens too  ::: CONS Computers were kind of old Headphones were available to block out noise, but were uncomfortable and I did not personally see them get cleaned Did not allow me to print my test results there  Overall, I had a decent experience and would recommend this testing center. The staff was knowledgeable and did their jobs well. Good luck on your test!
4 I'm hesitant to say "yay!" about a prometric center, because nobody is ever really happy to be here, but given the circumstances, this is as good as it is going to get.   The ladies working were friendly but calm (don't want hyperactive people stressing you out even more on test day!). As with all prometric centers, they fingerprint and photograph you, have you sign in and out, have you turn your pockets out, etc. each time you go in and out of the testing room.  Parking is easy and the site was relatively easy to find. The suite is on the back side of the lot, closer to Martin St than Wagon Trail. There isn't a big overhead sign, just the door sign, but the suite numbers are clearly marked.   The center is small, with about 25 seats total. The waiting room is really small - the seats are close enough together that two tall people would probably bump knees if they sat facing each other. There is only one bathroom, so if someone drops a deuce (or if you need to), you're SOL (literally)!   It was a little cold in the room (I get cold easily) - the thermostat said 74. In a t-shirt and leggings with a hoodie, I did find my ears and hands were still cold.   Hope this helps. Good luck with your test!
