2 I signed my daughter up for swim lessons because I recv'd a 15% off coupon. when my first billing cycle was charged I was charged the full amount. I told Aqua tot's and they were to apply the cover charged credit to my next months bill. The following month I was over charged again. I asked for a credit to be applied to cc and asked for a manager to call me. I never recv'd a call and my credit never was applied. I finally got to speak to the manager and recv'd my credit and i was to recv a follow up e-mail and that never happened as well. The management at this location is horrible and if a problem were to arise it would never be resolved.  Now as a swim instruction place it is good. the instructions are good and love being with the kids and my daughter loves going to swim lessons. I have since withdrew my daughter from this location. If I can't trust a manager to resolve problems or return phone calls I can't trust the business. If  I can't trust the buisness I am not going to give them my buisness.
1 They treat you like crap when you are a repeat customer.  They were really nice the first year we were there and so decided to try them again.  They told me after I was enrolled in the fast track program that those in fast track could not make up any classes after I literally couldn't get there because my car broke down and they wouldn't allow me to make it up at no fault of mine own.  The instructors are ok.  I have had better instructors that have helped them level up to the next level.  The managers don't help resolve anything.  Truly not worth the money going there if you have issues.  Money is the only thing they want.  You have to pay in full the amount in order to reserve your spot for classes.  They treat you like you are a worthless piece of garbage.  So if that is what you want and like then this is the place for you!
5 We have taken our daughter here for 2 years and have been very pleased with the instructors and the service. They are very friendly and the manager, Josie, always goes out of her way to acknowledge all of the children by name and make them feel special. We absolutely love our instructor, Nicole, and we always try to get our make up lessons scheduled with her. They are always willing to reschedule our appointments without any fuss. They even had a terrific Christmas swim day that the kids loved. Great place to take your kids.
2 I had previously marked a great rating for this store, but that was only for Coach Katie who is no longer with the company. The place has fallen apart. Its a revolving door with teachers and scheduling is a nightmare. My son was there for 2 years and I feel he was nowhere near where he should be. I taught him in an above pool within a week. Waste of money.
4 My daughter has shown a lot of improvement. The staff is friendly.   Just wish they had better seats in their lobby. They are cheap and flimsy. I picked one up to move and it literally fell apart in my hands while I was holding it. Not enough seats for all the parents either.
