5 I had a great experience working with Anthony. He and his business partner were patient, helped me develop my concept, and they incredously fit all of my ideas into an easy to follow layout. I have a beautiful, professional site that is complimented all the time. Because I'm not a web developer, at time's there things I didn't understand regarding regular website maintenance after our work was finished.. Anthony was patient, knowledgeable,and professional and gave me the tools too understand it easily.
5 I was amazed at the professional website Anthony and the Las Vegas Web Development team were able to provide at such a reasonable cost.  I got all the features I was hoping for and didn't think I could afford.  Best of all, I am able to add and change things on the site at will using a program that doesn't require a PhD in IT.  I highly recommend this company to anyone who wants to have a professional presence online.
5 I had Anthony of Las Vegas Web Development work on a couple of web site projects and they turned out great!  He duplicates what you want and he is precise and reliable  in his work.  I am definitely planning to use his company for more projects!
5 Anthony is always helpful and knowledgeable. Every web question I have he always knows the answers to. I am very happy with the service I have received from this company.
5 We had Las Vegas web Development build a custom Wordpress site for us. We had some very specific needs and Anthony researched and found plugins for all of the things we wanted to be able to do. The site turned out great and we couldn't be more pleased. Thanks!
5 Anthony helped with development and design for my business website, and did a very good job.  He was very professional and easy to work with.  He understood my needs and expectations, and I was definitely pleased with his work. I would recommend using Las Vegas Web Development and Design for anyone who needs help on building a website! You will not be disappointed! :)
5 I had my vision of we of what my website would look like. Anthony and Jen understood what I was aiming at. And hit the nail on the head! I could have not asked for a better website. During the build of our website they communicated with us to make sure we would be happy with it and after our site was done. They took the time to show me how the use and update our site. They made me feel like family and not just another client. Kudos to the team at Las Vegas Web Development and Design!!
5 I've been working with Las Vegas Web Development for over 4 years.  They developed and currently maintain my business website.  They are professional, creative and prompt.  I would highly recommend them for anyone in need of a website.  They are the best!
