5 OMG. The most delicious empanadas I've ever had...and the sauce is to die for. I almost lapped it all up out of the container like a puppy who had just been on a long hike.
4 I got to check this place out tonight at the Madison Meet & Eat (http://www.cityofmadison.com/parks/celebrate/madisonmeetandeat.cfm) - so yummy. My sister raved about the empanadas and I jus love me a tasty churro so we were all happy! I only sampled a small bit of their fare, hence the 4 stars - hopefully I can try them again and see what else I like :)
5 Garlic and plantain delish.  This is the real deal, although they don't have any mariscos options. It's great, friendly service by a guy who clearly knows what he's doing.  The sauce is bomb, don't pass it up.
4 I really enjoy Caracas!  The guys who run the cart are really friendly and the empanadas are delicious!    I really appreciate the vegetarian options that they have.  They could easily have a "just cheese" option, but there is always a roasted garlic or black bean or plantain creation.    I am going to warn you, if you try the green cilantro sauce, you will be hooked for life.  Cash Only.  Each empananda is less than $3.00.
5 This Library Mall empanada truck is wonderful and a must-try if you need a hot snack. The pulled pork and chicken empanadas are delicious with the savory, spicy green sauce, and I like the plantain and garlic empanada when it's on special. And if I need a dessert to go with my lunch, I like to spring for a strawberry chocolate or banana chocolate empanada. Greasy, piping hot with powdered sugar, I love them. The churro is also excellent and worth your time, especially for only $1.50. There are new filled churros as well.  The owner is from Venezuela and is always professional and kind. A food truck gem.
5 So perfect.  They have empanadas ranging from pulled pork, to chocolate, to garlic plantain. The garlic plantain is the most delicious thing, just perfect.  All the ones that are $2.75 are 2/$5, which makes this a very reasonable price for how fresh and tasty it is.  Can't say enough good things about it.
5 Absolutely delicious!  Fried but not too heavy or greasy.  Plantain and garlic is amazing, as is black bean and cheese.  I need to try more varieties!
5 The best empanadas in Madison.Not greasy, nicely crisped, perfect filling/dough ratio, carefully crafted, and bold flavors. So cravable and perfect. Go...find them now.
5 Stopping here for a snack today made me realize that Milwaukee is woefully short of places to obtain delicious empanadas. (Or any empanadas, for that matter)   For just $5, the Mister and I got two tasty pockets filled with yummy fillings. I love that the menu offers something for everyone - carnivores, vegetarians and those with a  sweet tooth. The beef empanadas we tried were absolutely amazing - full of tender braised beef and packed with flavor.  Caracas Empanadas is now on our "must stop" list when at the Market. I really wish they had a cart in Milwaukee too. Damn.
5 Been a while, empanadas! Be it your ground beef, chicken or the sweet one: bananas and chocolate or only chocolate, you're always delectable! Get 2 for $5 for the former and $2 for any sweet one!  The man has always been nice! Leave some tip for their delish food and sweet service! And your day will be so much brighter :)
5 I've been craving empanadas and as a relatively new Madison transplant didn't know if I could find any here. Now I know! I got one that was chocolate and banana (amazing) and another that I don't remember the name of but it had rice, black beans, and plantains and was fantastic!  Definitely get some of the green sauce, cilantro/garlicy goodness! Oh, also the mango smoothie was great. The guy who works there got a little excited when he saw me taking a picture and asked if I would review it on Yelp, so here I am. And I'll be back there every time I go to farmer's market.
5 Tried this place for the first time at Taste of Madison. I had the plantain empanada. It was sooooo good that I went back for a second one. And that sauce! I would eat my own shoe if it was covered in that sauce. Will definitely give their food cart a try.
5 I still think of the plantain with cilantro sauce I had at Taste of Madison last week. Awesome. I will come back to this place each time I am in Madison now.
5 This is the only food cart I go to while at the farmers' market. I made it a Saturday morning tradition! Their shredded beef and cheese empanada is my favorite. The gusacaca sauce is super delicious and I usually go through two small portion cups. This sauce is not spicy and the cilantro flavor is just a party in your mouth. The hot sauce is also great, but be careful because it definitely is spicy! I usually buy a  shredded beef empanada and I will get their veggie special if it interests me. I really like their cheese and corn veggie special and they tend to have that one often. I can't wait for the spring to start so that I can enjoy their empanadas once again!
5 Every Saturday I stop at Caracas Empanadas after my farmer's market rounds, and I honestly look forward to it all week. Two words: DAT SAUCE.  I should be upset that they use a flour based shell rather than a corn flour shell. In most of Venezuela, Caracas included, the traditional outer shell of an empanada is made with corn, for a nice thick but crispy outer layer. The owner told me once that he tried to do it that way originally, but the supply of Harina Pan (the cornflour of choice) is expensive and unpredictable. So to be consistent he decided to stick to flour. Bummer. But as much as I want to care about authenticity, I just don't in this case because it's so delicious.  My personal favorite, the Pabellón, is slightly more expensive than the other filings, but the filling blend is spot on and is totally worth it. But no matter which filling you choose, make sure you get plenty of that amazing green Guasacaca sauce. It's the highlight of my day. No joke. I asked the guy today if I can buy it in bulk. He said yes and that plenty of people do, you just have to ask for it in advance via their Facebook page. Awesome. I've been eating here for years, the sweet lady working there even know my name, yet it had never occurred to me to buy their sauce in quantity for personal use until today. What a fool I have been!   Anyway don't miss these guys. Venezuelan food holds a special place in my heart, and Caracas Empanada warms my soul. They will not disappoint. Just get there early if you visit them on Saturdays, before the lines get long and they sell out of options.
