5 Denise has catered several events for me, from work lunches to kids' parties, and they have all been great. The food is yummy and NOT boring, and the price is very reasonable.  Her presentation and service is professional and friendly - always very well done.  I would highly recommend Denise for your next event!
5 I just completed my first Cooking Bootcamp Class with Denise and it was incredible!  I didn't want it to end!  I am quite the beginner and learned so much in just 5 classes!  Denise teaches you everything from the basics to more advanced recipes that I never thought I'd be able to do!    She creates structure to the class but will also model the class around things you want to learn (i.e. chopping techniques, meat preparation, etc.).  I would highly recommend this class to both beginners and more advance cooks!  It was a fun experience and I can't wait to take another one of her classes!
5 Denise catered my graduation party at the Alwun House when I got my Master's degree.  Everybody was raving about the food!  She made, at my request, aoli (garlicky dip) with lightly-steamed vegetables.  She also served grilled tortillas filled with butternut squash and goat cheese...yum!  She made several types of mini cupcakes, which were as delicious as they were adorable.  She served these with several types of sorbet crafted by our mutual friend, Jenny.  She made a watermelon fresca, and I'm told that the guys in the band were making floats with fresca and sorbet!  The presentation was gorgous!  One of the other women in my graduate cohort said, "I'm obsessed with your caterer!"  I've been to many of Denise's events.  Her menus are imaginative and delicious.  I recommend her without hesitation for your next catered event!
5 I took a canning class with Denise today.  I had a blast!  In a few short hours, we made preserved lemons, marinara sauce, peach jam with cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg and spicy dill pickles.  We processed everything but the preserved lemons in a hot water bath.  I learned a ton about putting up food with a great group of people.  Lunch was included in the class, and we feasted on a pizza with a rosemary-seasoned crust topped with fig jam, goat cheese and carmelized onions, a beautiful salad with a citrus dressing and yummy chocolate cupcakes with homemade German chocolate cake icing.  At $35 for the class AND lunch, I thought this was a fantastic value.  We all left with a jar of each of the products we made, and Denise emailed recipes for everything, including an e-book of uses for preserved lemons.  I'm not much of a cook, but I am looking forward to expanding my repetoire with Denise in future classes!  And I can't wait to sample all of the things I made today!
5 5 of us scheduled a Mexican cooking class to learn how to make empanadas, tres leches, corn pudding, etc. (you pick 4-5 items) for a class that ran from 10 am till about 1 pm+ and then you eat it all up.  Mmmm, great food, too! We left at 2 pm, so the price for a 4 hour class is right at $45 each.  And, of course, she did provide us with the recipes to make it all. She is really good about giving detailed information when she is cooking the food--you do alot of chopping and cleaning in this class as you help make it--so be prepared to work.  I wouldn't wear the good stuff either there due to this. Bottom line:  The class was informative totally and enjoyable, worth the price of admission and she will do her best to make you participate and understand exactly what she and you are doing when you are doing it.  She is organized and and does care that you actually get what she is teaching well.  A big plus since I attended another class taught at another school where you didn't learn all that much specifically, and I felt I could just go watch someone cook anywhere.  I want specifics as in what type of lard to use, where to buy the products in the food and so forth.  I got it here. And since my goal was to learn from someone who really knew their stuff when it came to Mexican cuisine, I left feeling good about choosing this particular Chef and this particular school to attend for the class on the specific foods we chose for her to teach us.  Worth the time, worth the money. And, yes, we will be going back for another class in Fall from her.   (As an aside, all of us got a kick out of the chickens she has that roam her property clucking and pecking around.)
5 I had the privilege of attending a class with Denise last weekend with several friends. I had a wonderful time! Denise is relaxed and laid back, an excellent teacher and chef and great hostess! I look forward to attending more classes in the future!
5 We had an event that HAD to look, feel and taste perfect . Denise not only delivered that but added her own special hands on help on site. Perfect!
5 I just finished attending yet another wonderful class taught by Denise (Harvest Canning)! I can't say enough about the great information, her relaxed and laid back teaching style, flavorful recipes and excellent meals.  If you are looking for something fun to do with friends or meet people that share your passion for food I highly recommend Denise is Cooking.  Thanks again Denise! See you soon!
5 Brought our Girl Scout troop to Denise for some hands on cooking lessons and she is hands down the best!  Not only is she extremely knowledgeable in the culinary field, she is also very inviting and engaging.  She is creative and provides an outside the box experience.  I highly recommend Denise to anyone whose looking to gain culinary expertise and experience and have fun at the same time.
5 JULY 2012:  Say what?! How is it that I have not yet written a Yelp review for Denise on here? Shame on me - I'm a regular over there!  Here's a run-down of some of the classes I've taken over there:   Ice Scream, You Scream was my first class with Denise, and I completely enjoyed myself and learned how to make different types of ice cream: a vegan coconut lime (with ginger snap cookies!), a spicy chocolate ice cream with a more custard-like base, a strawberry semifredo, and some mulled wine popsicles (which really smelled and tasted like Sangria, my favorite!). She also gave us more information on the different types of ice cream makers available (mine is different from the ones we used in the class). Bonus: Denise provided lunch for us as well - two types of pizza. Margherita with roma tomatoes+mozzarella medallions+fresh basil from her garden, and fig+bleu cheese+caramelized onion on rosemary herbed crust. As if that wasn't good enough, Denise provided to-go containers so that we could bring home a good amount of each of the frozen goodies we made! Seriously could not have been happier!  After that ice cream making class, I signed up for a five-part "Culinary Bootcamp" with three other ladies. This consisted of five 3-hour, hands-on classes covering basic things we  should all know in the kitchen in order to be an able and fearless home-cook. Knife skills, basic cooking techniques like braising, roasting, sautéing, making stocks and soups, one-pot meals, and various flavor profiles and cooking basics so that we can be confident that we can "throw something together" without a recipe. Every class was full of delicious food that we all made and then enjoyed for dinner together, often with leftovers we could take home - my husband loved that part! I definitely love to cook, and eat home-cooked meals almost every day of my life. Even almost a year after taking this class, some of the recipes we made in those classes (or something inspired by one of those recipes or techniques) are regulars in my weekly meal planning. Simple, real ingredients, always delicious, and I feel extremely confident throwing things together when I have odds and ends for ingredients.   I took a Thai Cooking class as well - Thai Me Up, Thai Me Down! As with all the classes I've done at Denise's, this one was fantastic! Thai isn't one of my favorite cuisines, though I'm developing a taste for those flavors and ingredients. This was a wonderful introduction to Thai flavor profiles and dishes. I love that there is hands-on work involved, not just watching the chef do her thing. Some other classes around town are more demo than hands-on. This is a nice blend of both. And I love love love that we got to eat a great meal (that we all made!) when we were done! As a bonus, Denise prepared a to-go box with leftovers for each of us, AND a little care package with ingredients for us to use at home later: lemongrass, galangal, Thai chilies, tamarind paste, and some loose leaf Thai tea!  Most recently, a small group of us wrapped up a five-part Baking Basics bootcamp which included a from-scratch all-purpose baking mix (like bisquick) which we used to make various scones, pâte à choux (puff pastry dough/batter) from which we made a savory "gougère" with gruyere cheese, pepper and nutmeg, and a sweet puff filled with fresh whipped cream and covered with a chocolate ganache; cinnamon rolls, bagels, pizza dough, brownies and bars, four types of pies: skillet apple pie, peach crumble pie, strawberry tart with fresh pastry cream, and a savory pizza rustic pie in a sweet crust - my favorite! During the last class, we made cakes, fillings and frostings. Chocolate cake enrobed ganache, mini cakes/cupcakes including coconut cake with a lemon butter cream frosting, a chocolate cake with a german chocolate cake frosting, and a chocolate cake with a peanut butter cream cheese frosting. Even made cake pops and push cakes (neither of these are *my* favorites, but it was cool to see how these trendy things are made). I should note that during every single baking class, dinner was included as well! Always something delicious, sometimes Denise had already prepared it while we did our baking, and sometimes we'd also work on dinner while working on the baking. And as usual with all of Denise's classes - lots of leftovers to take home!  And during all of our classes, we sit out on her front porch and enjoy people-watching or a show going on across the street -usually some live music or a poetry slam/open mic night across the street. Often, the cats and chickens roam her garden and join us. Lots of fun!  Future classes on tap for me at Denise Is Cooking are a dairy class (cheese-making! YES!), and a few other ethnic classes she's currently cooking up. Can't flipping' wait!   I can't say enough about what a great asset Denise is to the community (and to my kitchen - and mah belly!
5 Denise made herself available for one of the best nights of my life.  I had been blindfolded and taken on a short car ride, then led up into Denise's house, where a table set for two sat in her fabulous Coronado palace.  She made and served us a three course meal for valentines day! Wine too!!  She had light music going, and made herself scarce between courses, giving us privacy to ogle over her amazing food (and each other).   I would not do the food justice if I tried to say correctly what she made us, but there was salad, homemade empanadas, and an ancho chili brownie for dessert.  I almost died.  Instead, I stuffed my face!   Having attended a concert at her home, as a vegetarian, I can always trust there will be creative, untraditional, clever veg dishes in which to delight!   Denise is my hero.
