1 Just tried this new location for the first and last time.  Service was terrible while two tables nearby complained to the manager of cold food.  I wonder, who hired these clowns?  After our experience, we've already heard of three other bad experiences from others that have also been disappointed.
4 Wonderful service. Good food for a Dennys. Thanks for coming to our neighborhood.
4 Nice place.
1 This place was awful.  The server couldn't get the order right, cooks are yelling from the back that food has been in the window for 5 minutes, and the management thinks we are going to pay for that?   We walked out to find two servers and a cook talking outside.  Sad establishment.
4 Brand new .Very nice and clean .
2 Been here a few times.  I'm not a big Denny's fan but choices are limited in San Tan area.  Always expect a wait on weekends.  But staff seems to try their best to get you seated quickly.  Food is average.  Service though I think is sub-par.  I get the sense the place is not managed well.  However I see from another reviewer maybe they have new management and things have improved?  Not sure.  I'm willing to try again but not enthused about going back.    My most recent visit was about 2 months ago.  It took forever to get our food.  Our waitress claimed to have checked on our order and said it would be right out.  This was after about 20-30 min.  Then a manager came over and checked on our order.  He apologized and said it was being worked on now.  So implication is our waitress did not check our order and it was lost or not put in.  Not good.  I think that explains why I have not been back since.
1 Worst Denny's ever. The first time which should have been my last, there were tomato seeds on my French toast. I have no idea how that could happen but ok. I tell the waiter and he looks at me all puzzled. He had no idea what he should do. Finally I suggested a new batch. He actually said he had to ask his manager first. Really? Ok maybe he's never been a waiter before. So they make a new batch, it wasn't cooked through. The bread was mushy and cold. So I got up to speak to the manager and he comped my meal. We'll, gee, thanks, since I didn't eat anything, ya I would think so. He explained they just opened and still working out the kinks. So after about a month, I went back. I again was served cold food after waiting 30 min. to get the order. So the idea of waiting longer for a new order was that appealing. The same manager came over asked us to stay and the whole meal would be comped, so after another 30min of waiting, finally food came out. Warm, not hot but ok. The third time was the charm. The waiter insisted he could remember everything without writing it down, ok. He couldn't even get our drink order right. Of course our order was completely wrong and I requested the manager right away. He remembered me from our previous time and took our order himself, writing everything down, said the meal was comped. So I figured, ok since the manager himself was taking the order and was going to go in the kitchen himself to make sure it was right there should be no problem. Boy was I wrong. Cold food and my kids order was wrong. We all got up and walked out without saying a word to them. If the manager can't get it right, how are the servers ever going to?
3 Typical Denny's busy, loud, good place to take a large group on a budget. I've always had to wait at this one for a table and I had a problem were my credit card was double billed once-from then on I only paid cash at this establishment. The food was good for the price and the servers were friendly and we never wanted for anything. I would stay away from this place on weekends & holidays because it's nearly impossible to get a decent table within a reasonable amount of time. It's tough living out here in the middle of nowhere but if you don't mind the hustle and bustle this is a decent place to eat on a budget.
1 Their service is terrible. I ordered a salad and I found a bug in it so they said they would comp our meal. Needless to say I really wasn't hungry after that but I order a hamburger when i got that there was bugs on that lettuce as well. Were are the health inspectors its ridiculous.
1 Went there this morning and it was the worst experience I have ever had at a Denny's. I have always had a decent experience at this Denny's until lately. This place just seems to be going downhill.   Nikki was a great server. She didn't give me the stink eye like most servers do when I inform them of our plan to share a meal. The person that was backing her up had some issues though. The ticket said 2 guests, and we ordered a Lumberjack Slam (good enough for 2 people, it's a huge meal!). I had to ask her for an extra plate, she brought me a DISGUSTING plate, and I pointed this out to her. She apologized and then brought me another, less dirty plate (still dirty). *sigh*  Then, the food. This was the most disappointing aspect of the visit. We asked for over medium eggs, and the lady sitting next to us told us she asked for the same and her eggs were very runny. Our eggs arrived VERY runny and gross. They were less than over easy. Ew. The sausage was barely warm and it was underdone. The hash browns were burnt, toast had sporadic drops of butter here and there. Bacon was cold.   Also, what is up with their pricing? $1.99 for a CUP OF COFFEE! Are they serious?!! A probably 6oz cup of coffee. I don't drink that much when I eat so one cup was all I had. They also charged me 90 cents for a 2 oz serving of salsa. My son's chocolate milk...get this, $2.65!! Seriously?! Did they get the milk from a golden cow or something? Also charged me 69 cents to put cheese on the hash browns, which amounted to probably 1/2 oz of cheese total. There was very little cheese on the hash browns.  I am disappointed in this Denny's and will not be going back any time soon.
2 My husband and I decided to go here for brunch on a Sunday morning. Of course, it was busy, but we were unimpressed. Isn't Denny's supposed to be equipped for busy on a Sunday morning? We ordered an appetizer, but it never came. The reasoning: it takes a long time to cook them. Our food was OK, but it could have been better.
4 Great service...quality food....family friendly atmosphere.:)
2 Just your average Denny's. It'll do in a pinch.
4 Have been here a handful of time before . . . and the last time swore I would not be back . . . but my wife convinced me to give it a try again, now that there are other restaurants in the area and they have weeded out the employees.  I was pleasantly surprized . . . we were greeted by the manage within a minute and take right to a table.  The server came quickly and took our drink order and gave us time to look at the menu before taking our order.  The food came out quickly . . . was hot . . . and the server checked back numerous times to see how we were doing.  I had the "All You Can Eat Pancakes" and my wife had the "Grand Slam" . . . pancakes were hot and fluffy and everything was done to my wife's liking on her meal.  I can't tell you that Denny's will rival a 5 star restaurant . . . but I can tell you that this Dennys has greatly improved from it's first opening.  With all now considered . . . I will be back . . .
2 This Denny's should be in a bad area of Phoenix because it is so dirty.  The carpet is black with filth. Windows and doors covered in finger prints. Menu had visible globs of sticky stuff. The napkin/silverware at my table look like it was played with by another table. There were only a handful of customers so I don't understand why it was so disgusting inside. Wonder what the kitchen looked like. Won't be going back there.
1 Terrible service. Never came to refill water had to walk around to find 7 people standing in the back doing nothing. Pancakes were uncooked, kids food came out cold. Didn't bring all of our food. Sent food back because it was uncooked and they never came back out. Worst Denney s I have ever been to.
5 I am a fan of this location! Been there a handful of times and always have had a great experience here, I was in there last week in the morning and there was only 1 girl working the tables...and she rocked it, fast, prompt, everything was accurate and I noticed she was keeping track of all the tables all at the same time, food is always hot and delish! Will go back again and again!
3 Food is good and service is good. But I freeze every time I'm here. I ask for a seat on a warmer area, but it is cold everywhere. You really need to bring a jacket or sweater even in July.
