5 They're prices are the best in town!! Bobbi has everything; loc jewelry, clothing, natural products! Most importantly this is a natural hair salon! They do it all twists, locz, braids! Finally a place where the naturals are the majority! You have got to check this place out, natural or not she has something there for everyone!
5 Wow I was so impressed when I walked in. Classy little salon with all natural products! Everyone I saw had amazing hair and the owner and even the clients were really friendly! They are very attentive to their customers and extremely patient with me as I browsed around and chatted with the customers. I picked up some Shea butter based soap and I absolutely love it. I will be back again for the shampoo. The natural products are made and sold right at the store. Locally owned I believe and I will most definitely be back to support their business and pick up some quality products. Definitely a gem. So lucky to have found this place. 5+ stars.
5 At last! The heavens have graced the Las Vegas Valley with a dynamic duo of hair stylists who specialize in providing THE BEST care possible to your natural curls, kinks, coils and LOCS. Bobbi and Mary are two beautiful minds behind Raw Remedies salon, and have brought a much needed sigh of relief to those like myself longing for the right natural hair stylists.  But what makes this place as splendiferous as I'm making it out to be you might ask? Hands down it's the quality of work, the knowledge and skills they possess, along with a passion for ensuring you hair's health reaches its fullest potential. These ladies go exceedingly above and beyond to bring life to lifeless tresses. What's more, the products used in the salon are all natural, homemade, and exclusive to Raw Remedies, so perpetrators please fall all the way back.     Just when you thought the best hair wash and custom hairstyle were all the wonder powers Raw Remedies possessed, you'll soon discover a dainty retail area/store complete with quality handmade garments as well as natural hair and body products. The experience gets better and better! No need to spend anymore tireless hours ladies washing, detangling, two strand twisting, or going from person to person to have your locs refreshed and tightened fellas. This is the place to be! Located in the eclectic Arts District of Downtown Las Vegas, Raw Remedies is without question a salon with a bright future ahead, and my new place of choice. So stop by, say hi and leave looking fly! Peace and blessings ;-)
5 This is a true one stop shop..I've been coming to Bobbi now for almost 2 years and I have never had a complaint.   This shop and the people really represent quality and what natural hair and natural products are all about.    A+ in my book
5 This place is the only place I will go to have my hair done, Raw Remedies & Co. are the best in Las Vegas. It's a one stop shop from hair to nail to clothes. The staff is wonderful. If you go somewhere else you'll be SORRY!!  Now get up and Get there!
