5 I came across this place when I first moved to Vegas when I lived at Jones and Charleston.  The place is clean and the people there are always cool and there is a great magazine collection.  Best barbers I've ever had!   Priscilla knows the exact cut I want, so I keep going back.
5 Oscar's Barber Shop is by far the best experience I've ever had with a barber. Easy to make appointments, and best of all... they keep them! You are always treated like family and they make sure you leave satisfied. As long as Oscar's is around, I never have to worry about looking for another barber in Vegas!
5 Best barbershop in Vegas hands down! Went to 5 other ones and none of them can compare. Super super on point, quick and easy! No B.S.  Def ask for Oscar ! Also, you don't have to wait if you make an appointment!
5 Best barber shop in vegas hands down.  Easy to set an appointment. Oscar is my barber and he is awesome.  One of the great things is you don't have to worry about getting the "bad barber" pricilla and josh and the rest of the barbers are all professional and give you a great cut.
5 Made an appointment with Priscilla for my 1-year-old son's second haircut. He had his first somewhere else and it wasn't so hot. He did awesome and looks amazing...his first big boy haircut. Priscilla did a fantastic job!! We will be going back for sure.  I highly recommend an appointment...they are very busy. If you do a walk-in you could be waiting a long while.
5 My friend recommended me here about 6 months ago and all I can say is wow. I've lived in Vegas for 2 1/2 years and its the only place I can get the cut I want. The fade is perfect and the service is fantastic. Always looking forward to a fresh cut. I've seen all the barbers do some real clean cuts. Looking for a barber?  Don't go to a ghetto shop, go here!
5 I've been going to this place since 2009.My cousin first brought me here since i've always have been picky with my line up.Ever since i came across this place its a easy going, laid back enviorment that makes you feel comfortable . Great Staff and great haircuts! prices have always been good due to the time they take to make sure you look good! Oscars barber shop and staff are great and would recommend it to anyone who is looking to get a great cut at a good price.
5 Im so glad I found this place.  Close to my house, great prices, fast and for the first time ever in my life, I was not all itchy after I left.  Not sure what she did different from other haircuts I have had in my past, but she worked magic.  I highly recommend this place.  I got the lady at the far end of the barber shop.  She did a great job and they now got my business for life
1 Worst fade in Vegas ... I should send a bill from the guy who has to fix this mess  18$ for 1/2 a clipper fade no razor hair on neck still ... Patches in my fade ... Just horrible ... My lineup looks like I did it myself 3 days ago ... Fn hacks  First chair  Go to the shop in meadows mall if you want a good cut ...  West coast barbers have nothing on  the northeast
