5 I contacted Susan at SeaBlu because a coworker referred me to her.  I have always maintained my pool myself and always had a clean, clear pool.  However after the first dust storm hit the valley, my pool went from cloudy to brown to green in two days and nothing I tried worked.  It was one of the most frustrating times a "do-it-yourselfer" could experience.  I called Susan, she was out at the house within a few hours and immediately got my pool under control.  She treated it that day, came back the next day to treat it again and educated me on what was going on the whole time.  In a few days, my pool reversed course going from green to cloudy and finally crystal clear.  Her knowledge of the issues and prompt service were outstanding and I was totally satisfied with the outcome. Rates are fair and communication was excellent.  Highly recommend her and SeaBlu to anyone that needs emergency help or just weekly maintenance.  Thanks for reading-hope this was helpful. Craig K
5 We hired Seablu after interviewing several companies around the valley. Susan's communication and attention to detail set her company ahead of the rest. Our pool looks fantastic and the pricing is perfect for the area. If you want personal pool service tailored to your needs, call Seablu!
1 I just got off the phone with Seablu and I was surprised at her demeanor. She was short, rude, and unprofessional. I was disappointed because the other reviews made me want to hire her, but after talking to her I thought differently.  I asked for an estimate and she said she would come by the house on Monday. I told her I worked and she asked if she could let herself in. I was not comfortable making that decision since I hadn't finished comparing other companies and wanted to find one that could come when I was home. I asked if we could call her back after we talked about it and compared and she responded, "how can you compare them with me if I haven't even given you an estimate?" Her tone was harsh and demeaning. I was so surprised that a highly-rated service could speak like that to customers. We are choosing not to go with Seablu based on their customer service alone.
5 After having the same person for over 8 years, I was nervous about needing a new pool person. I was referred to Susan by another company that got great reviews but I was outside their area. She is so knowledgeable, easygoing and a hard worker! Within one visit she solved a problem we'd been struggling with since we moved in with a super inexpensive solution! I don't have to worry about my pool other than adding water occasionally. She is dependable, fair, doesn't nickle & dime you or sell you things you don't need. I'm so grateful we have her servicing our pool!
