1 If you are planning to get flooring or countertops or in any way come accross this company... RUN AWAY.   They play a bait and switch game to get your business!!!!   They were the most unprofessional business people I have ever dealt with.   The father son team are the WORST.   Their idea of customer service is to hang up on you mid sentence.  From shoddy workmanship to unfulfilled promises this is a company to STAY AWAY FROM!!
1 I will never use tanner again! I will list the pros and cons: they did a fantastic job and their prices were reasonable.  Cons: they don't follow up at all. They were supposed to come out on Monday and they never showed up.  There was no one in charge who inspected or wss there.  I was told to order 15% over for square footage and they'd credit me for the extra footage.  I watched the guys load 2 full boxes back in their truck.  They also charged me grout sealer which when I asked the installers they said they don't do that.  Since there was no one in charge,  no one asked me for the remainder of the money.  I waited a week and went down there to pay and to get the balance adjusted.  They gave me the run around about the sealer that they mix it with the grout.  I told them the installers said they don't do that.  They finally took off the sealer charge but refused to take off the 2 boxes they had in their possession.  They didn't give me the tile back either.  You better believe they would have charged me more if I didn't have enough tile and the fact they order 15% more as a standard makes you wonder if this happens a lot.
5 Tanner installed a wood floor for us. They did an excellent job in the time frame we needed. Very polite installers. The flooring is of first quality and we would definitely use their service in the future if needed.
4 Tanner Materials installed our bathroom countertops, kitchen backsplash, and the wood floors in our bedrooms. They had a great selection of materials, worked around our schedules, and were professional and easy to deal with. We plan on having them redo our showers soon and look forward to working with them again.
4 They did a fantastic job when installing our bathroom countertops, kitchen backsplash and wood floors. Looking forward to having them redo our showers soon.
