4 I demand that all Forever 21's immediately transform into huge superstores like this one. I have so much fun in here. I can spend hours looking for clothes and trying things on and then narrowing my picks once it comes time to pay. I love how they have different rooms that separate the style. Granted, F 21's clothes aren't made to stand the test of time but their apparel is priced accordingly. I've never left without buying a couple of things.
1 I brought my sweet sister in law shopping at this Forever 21 location.  She had a bag full of goodies (several hundreds of dollars worth) from H&M.  She stopped at Forever 21 and  sat her bag on the ground right beside her while she tried on a pair of shoes.  Her H&M bag was stolen during that brief moment that the bag was not in her arms.....and while this certainly was not the responsibility of Forever 21....we were so disappointed in the way the Forever 21 staff reacted. They did not call security, or the police, or even offer any condolences.  They just shrugged their shoulders.  My sister in law did love some of the fashions at Forever 21....but the store was such a mess.  There were clothes all over the floor under each and every rack.  There were way too few staff members working, and many who were working were "socializing" with one another instead of helping customers or maintaining the store inventory in a decent fashion. The only employees that were on task were:  1 at the checkout, and 1 at the fitting rooms - there was a band of 5 girls dressing one mannequin while the store was amidst in chaos (including someone stealing bags from other customers)..... So - if you choose to shop at this store - hold on to your bags :)
2 The girls working there are pretty annoying. They yell at each other and act as if they're in high school (they probably are). The "customer service" is non existent.  They act as if helping the customer is the most annoying thing in the world because it dares to cut into their gossiping time. Besides that, it's a fine store, what you'd expect;  stupid loud music, super cheap clothes that are quite cute actually, but probably made by 10 yr olds.
5 This store has the most pleasant employees of any Forever 21 I have ever been to. The girls are always smiling and they take the time to esquire if you need help. The other day, I went in and an employee spent over 10 minutes helping me locate a particular skirt my sister wanted for Christmas.
5 Best Forever 21 I've been to (besides the NYC Times Square one). Then again, this one might be even better since the NYC one has lots of extra sections that add to its overwhelming nature. This store is well-organized and has both guys and girls and is split into obvious sections (e.g. preppy, clubbing, 90s wannabe, etc). The staff is also extremely helpful and will gladly (and quickly) help you reach for things that are too high. Best store in the whole Arizona Mills Mall (which is a little lacking itself).
