5 As you can see, this is my first time writing a review here on Yelp. The experienced I had with Miss Timea today just makes me want to share to everyone!  Miss Timea straightened my hair using the Yuko hair straightening product and I am very happy and  amazed with the results!  I had my hair straightened before but wasn't as good as this.... my hair is very thick and was very curly... always takes me about 2 hours to blow dry and flat iron it. But, not anymore!!!  Anyone who wants to have a nice, shiny, straight,  healthy hair, Miss Timea can help you!!! She is very professional and really knows what she's doing!  On top of that, she has an amazing personality that the 4 hour process just went so fast!  Thank you Miss Timea !!!! :)
5 Bought a groupon for this place, paid $69 for a basic set of lashes with timea, the experience was great! She was very friendly as were the ladies at the front desk. She ended up giving me way more than a basic set just cause she felt that it would look better at no charge I was so happy!! So I gave her $80 :) I highly recommend coming to this place and having her do your lashes she's really good and very friendly!!!
5 The 2.5-3 hour process it takes to have your lashes done, absolutely flew by. Timea is so sweet. It was my first time with lash extensions and I was very comfortable, and there was zero intimidation. My eyes water like crazy and it was no problem for the lashes to be applied. They LOOK AMAZING. Timea is very thorough with instruction and education of the lash extensions. I had a great experience and will definitely keep seeing her for my fills!
5 I had a lash lady I used to go to, but when she moved away, I was devastated! It was hard for me to even look for anyone else... because I didnt want a bad lash job. I went on yelp and found Timea.  Shes the sweetest... and my lashes are awesome!  She told me that I can go back for fills and let her know if I want thicker, longer, shorter.... etc... i loved that she caters to her clients preferences and also makes sure that she delivers quality work .
5 Timea did my lashes better than I could've ever expected! The entire experience was amazing! It's only been 1 day & I have already received so many compliments! Your artistry speaks for itself!  THANK YOU...THANK YOU...THANK YOU!!!
5 Timea is amazing! I would not go anywhere else for my lash extensions. She has really good hands-- my eyes never burn unlike other lash extension artists I've had experience with. She also has a very nice and sweet personality. Her treatment room is very clean and comfortable. I highly recommend her!
