5 For people like me with no insurance this is the place to go. I been to this clinic more than seven times and I always get treated with respect . Cheap office visit only $ 40 you cannot get this price in other places. Dr Pervaiz is a excellent doctor who listens to your needs.  The staff goes the extra mile to make sure you are taking care of. The waiting time is less than 10 minutes.the office is super clean.
3 BEWARE, YOU ARE GOING INTO THE GHETTO OF LAS VEGAS!  The office is a little out of date, but still decent, just the surrounding business are a little shady. But, this has to be the cheapest office visit, $40, cash only, plus the $80 for the 2 shots I received and the additional prescribed antibiotics I had to get filled.  Turned out to be a pricey visit, but probably cheaper then most urgent cares.  When I got to the office I filled out my paperwork, paid for my visit and was seen by the doctor within 5 minutes.  He asked me 3 questions, looked at my throat and said I need 2 shots and a prescription and then left.  The nurse came in, said the shots cost $80 and of course  because I was in so much pain I agreed.  Today I feel 70% better, I can swallow without being in the gut wrenching pain I was in!  Strep throat is no joke.  I have to say this place was decent.  The staff didn't pay that much attention to me, but they served my needs.  I would go back again, hopefully I wont have to!
2 I tried to go here but they wouldn't see me because I only had my military ID card and not my Tricare card. They said it was the doctor's policy. I ended up going to Boulder Quick Care instead. The staff seemed friendly, but it still annoyed me that I couldn't be seen.  I was visiting from out of state and had left my Tricare card in my suitcase, but from my previous experiences with other urgent care facilities and from the Tricare website, my military id (which has my beneficiary id on it) should have sufficed.
3 The care here is good, I have been here as a patient twice and taking a friends child over here. First is this, they have actual Dr's and not the NP seen at other smaller clinic's like this. The Dr's are very through, and gave me a good referral to a specialist after I was injured. They are general, so not a pediatrician but they took excellent care of the 11 year old that was taken there. This is not the getto of Las Vegas, but not the nicest neighborhood either, if you want getto go to North Las Vegas and around MLK where UMC's Urgent Care is.   The only reason that I didn't give them four stars is they only play Spanish channels on their TV and won't change it. This is America folks and the Constitution is in English not Spanish, if you want to listen to Spanish in public GO BACK TO MEXICO! My family didn't speak German at all in public and even when raising the children in the home.
1 Okay after having extreme pain in my ear all night I decided to go to this clinic after reading the good reviews and the affordable price. I made an appointment on line and fill out paper work for "faster service".       As I drove to the parking lot I saw the big sign stating the price for $39.00. As I walked in I say a notice stating that the price was $50.00. What! the website says $39 and the sign outside says $39. Well I was in so much pain that I payed for the visit. The personnel is nice and friendly.       I had my appointment at 10:00 am, but I was taken to the room at 10:50 am and the doctor showed up at 11:13 am. What a terrible place. As she checked my ears she noticed it was clogged with wax which I already knew and she told me she was going to prescribe some ear wax remover and pain killers.       I have a bunch of Tylenol Extra Strength at home and I had tried the wax remover already and I explain that to her.      Her second suggestion was to clean my ear there, but the price is not right. $50.00 for the visit plus $120, they have to be KIDDING ME. I stood up and walked away. I still have my pain I wasted my time and my $50.00.       I will never go back to that clinic, and I would NOT RECOMMENDED IT.
4 Muy buen lugar el staff is really cool  and they take my insurance great ,they have everything to make you feel better good place to bad is not 24 hours
1 When my son called them at 11ish in the morning before he went in for shingles, they told him to wait until 1:00 so they could go to lunch. When he arrived Anna  said that they really aren't an urgent care place but they understood why he would think they were because it says urgent care on the sign, in the name and online.  Supposedly, according to Anna they are more of an internal medicine place and that they wouldn't bill insurance even if paid all up front. They gave him a list of the real Urgent care places and sent him away. The one he drove to on the list, Boulder Quick Care, appeares to be permanently closed. Son is now driving, sick as a dog, to another place. Don't waste your time here or on their website.  Hours and services are misrepresnted.
