5 I was also an out of town client. Mike gave me a competitive price and was able to start the job right away. I like how he made the job arrangements.   1st he quotes the job and tells you to expect a call from the paint store.  He sends a message letting you know the paint store will call (about the time the store calls).  2nd. The store calls and gives you the price of the paint and collects payment over the phone.  3rd. Mike deducts the price of paint from his quoted fee and you pay him the difference.   With this approach you know a lot about the job. The real deposit for the job is truly the cost of materials, not a made up number. Plus, if you cancel the job, you know you bought the paint and not a mysterious fee.   The work was good too. I had a quality painter who started on time and did good work.
5 Don't look any further!  Honestly.  Mark 5 will do an incredible job.  I had a painter lined up who cancelled at the last minute.  After looking into getting someone else late in the day on Thursday, I was lucky to find Mark 5.  Mike (The Owner) and team were at my house at 6:45am (As Promised) on Saturday morning and did one hell of a job.   Honest people to work with, fair pricing, and incredible attention to detail.  Mike and team take great pride to ensure that everything was done to our satisfaction.  I am looking forward to having them out in another month to finish my next painting project.  It's great to find a company that you can trust your home too.  Peace of mind is important, and their quality of service will surly surpasses your expectations as they did mine.
4 I am an out of state customer. I wanted my rental property painted ASAP. Gave him a call. He took a look and gave a  price. I usually get at least 2-3 bids, so his prices are good. I paid for the paint and he started working on my house and was done in 2 days. Mike is fuuny and his guys are cool. Young guys working hard to make money. Good to see that! And they did a great job.  Why 4 stars instead of 5? Well, his prices are good -  I want dirt cheap prices to give a 5 star. Plus, 4 Stars = Yay! I'm a fan. People are giving out too many 5 stars.
5 Michael, the owner, is a truly upstanding guy.  I've done business with him and he's helped me improve my business and made a difference in my company's bottom line.
5 Great people, professional and nice. Did a fabulous job at my house with affordable price. Highly recommended!!!
1 Mike didn't return the phone call on a timely fashion like he said he would, we had to call him to remind him of our conversation, he then setup an appointment that he no showed. Save your time, something that you'll never be able to replace once its wasted!!! This fiasco just set us back a week to move-in to our new home. LAME!!!
5 After talking with a few contractors and Mike was among them, he sounded professional, up-front, and honest, so we decided to choose Mike's company to paint our house.     Since being out of town the whole week, we just gave them the key and the crew came and worked on their own, did a great job w/o us being around at all.  They kept us informed what was going on, status, and progress when we called in. The job was completed on time as promised, the house was painted beautifully, the price is reasonable for the quality works we got.  We are quite grateful and happy with their quality works, reliable, honest, and professional services.   We would strongly recommend Mike & his company
5 Real reviewer: Edwin came to my home to repair drywall that was damaged due to a leak in the attic. All I can say is WOW!! This guy was great!! Look no further for a great  handyman!! Really really fair price and quality work!! I'll be recommending his services to everyone I know!! Thanks Ed!
5 We just had Lee's painting paint the entire interior of our brand new house. They did an amazing job! Michael was so easy to communicate with, shook hands on a price and the guys didn't leave until the job was perfect. The crew was great, very respectful of us and our home. I started to hate the paint and was texting Michael all day on a Sunday. He was patient and understanding and was willing to do whatever needed to make us happy (not for free, but not once did he seem annoyed that I might actually have them repaint the entire house!). They painted a perfect orange stripe in our son's room and it looks amazing!  They also removed a towel bar/patched the holes and fixed a light switch plate.  Once the job was finished, the house looked great! I wouldn't hesitate to use them again and I would definitely recommend them to others!
5 These guys did a great job at a fair price.
5 I found Lee's Paining & Drywall (otherwise known as M5 handyman) on Yelp. Michael, the owner, was easy to work with and communicated often/as needed both before and during the project. Michael quoted us a fair price, got started immediately (and even worked Saturday and Sunday). His team did a great job on our home, and made sure that we were completely happy with everything before they finished. I actually liked having the crew there because they were all really down-to-earth and likeable guys who just happen to paint much better than I could..  Oh, they all love dogs which made our life easier as well. In another post, Ray G. explains the process of how Michael works out the payment/paint costs.
