4 I went there tonight as I was walking down the Fremont Street Experience and noticed a food truck I haven't tried!  At first I was a little disappointed because I really wasn't looking for Mexican food.    The lady that took my order was amazing charming and witty!  I got a steak burrito, now this is a burrito like I've never tasted.  The ingredients were super fresh and crisp.  The tortilla was just the right thickness and I could tell that they too were homemade!    I was thoroughly impressed with the food, it was soo refreshing and had a different kick to it.
4 We tried this food truck at the festival South Point Casino held 11/5, we chose them because Diane is a vegetarian, we ordered vegetarian tacos they ask if we wanted them vegan , chorizo tacos, and sloppy tots. they were slammed with hundreds of customers so the wait was a bit but the food was excellent all freshly made there black beans were perfect and the Pico de gallo was fresh we will certainly be eating here again. I did not realise the chorizo was vegan till I picked up the order it was great.
5 Normally, I'd get 3-4 dishes from a place before posting a review, but I just had the Loaded Tots off the Lovegrub Truck and it's so damn good, I'm putting pen to paper (or fingers to cellphone keypad).   Bottom line: the dish is flat-out awesome.    Loaded Tots are nachos with tater tots instead of tortilla chips.  Here's the thing: normally, tortilla chips are essential to the genius that is the nacho plate.  You need the crisp, the snap, that comes with each bite or the idea of nachos falls apart.   But Loaded Tots are seriously brilliant.  The tater tots are crisp, perfectly cooked and topped with black beans, delicious sour cream, cheddar cheese sauce, pico de gallo, and tender spiced chicken.  The cheddar cheese sauce is rich and very flavorful--tasting like the cook made it from cooking down a block of cheddar cheese into a sauce (rather than pouring it out of a pre-made tub).  The sour cream tasted like a Food Network crème fraîche -- rich and smooth without the tartness of a traditional sour cream.  Everything else worked in combination -- the pico was tasty but not overpowering, the chicken was tender and wonderfully spiced.  And they top off the dish with a pickled jalapeno.  The truck has numerous other Mexican food options and while I haven't tried more than the tots, based on the simple brilliance of that dish, I'm willing to trust that the other dishes are genius too.  The truck even offers vegan chorizo tacos if that appeals to you.
4 WhooHoo!   I was gallery sitting at Emergency Arts during First Friday and hadn't eaten any dinner.  Although I love The Beat Coffeehouse they don't have too many choices for vegans - so I ventured out onto Fremont in search of some veggie vittles. I was planning on stopping in at Kabob Korner, but stumbled across the Lovegrub truck instead. Taking a glance at the menu I was happy to see Veggie Tacos on their menu - but got even more excited when I noticed that their Chorizo Tacos are made with vegan chorizo!  YAY!  The girl that took my order was super friendly and double-checked with me to see if I wanted any sour cream or cheese on my tacos. I didn't, so that was great.  There weren't too many people in front of us maybe two orders, but it still seemed to take quite some time to get our order.  In the end though, it totally worth the wait!  Two fresh corn tortillas + crisp cabbage + black beans + spicy vegan chorizo topped with pico de gallo and a squeeze of lime = one happy, happy me!  Delish!  Vegan options are pretty much non-existent in the Vegas food truck world - so thank you, thank you Lovegrub for providing us Vegas vegetarians and vegans with delicious choices!
4 The plan was to sample one or two things from as many of the food trucks we could drag ourselves to during the night.  Our last stop was at the Lovegrub totally by accident.  After looking at the art we made our way to Fremont street and found this gem on a side street.  I wasn't hungry but when I saw that they offered veggie tacos, then noticed vegan chorizo and finally saw tots, I had to have some.  I only had room for the tots and they did not disappoint me.  Deep fried to perfection.  I'll have to find the truck again and try the tacos.
5 I love & crave the Sloppy Tots...as well as the owners/ operators. Keep Lovegrub truck trucking! Xoxo
