4 There are so many choices when it comes to taco stands in town. The latest one is directly across Luv-It Frozen Custard.  Karina's #2 is another street vendor whose speciality is Tacos Al Vapor(steam) a popular style done in Jalisco, Mexico where your tortilla is warmed by steam as opposed to being warmed on a flat top grill.  The tacos are $1.50 each, and we decided to share a cabeza, and a lengua taco. they also offer carne asada, al pastor, and buche.  They were pretty good, and Karina's is in a perfect spot because after you're done with your tacos, you can walk about 15-20 steps and be in front of Luv-Its' walk-up window and order some dessert!...ALOHA!!!  Hours: Tues-Sat  5pm-1am(2am if busy) Closed Sun,Mon  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(27/365) "Tasty Tacos"
4 More yummy street food in the hood. Pork rotating on a spit, friendly service, sauces that you can't get just anywhere=worth a stop. $1.50 tacos, $5.00 Burritos, and tortillas made fresh on the spot! There is a deep red sauce that has a reasonable kick to it, and a guacamole based sauce that is also good, mix the 2 together for a taste sensation. Other topping choices include cilantro, onion, radish, and lime.  Karina's 2 is now the 3rd south of the boarder eatery that is worth a stop within 2 blocks of each other...along with I Love Arepas (Venezuelan ) and Amanecer (Salvadorian) All are delish, and welcomed additions to our little neck of the cactus.
4 One of the very few taco stands around town where you can actually watch abuelita HAND CRANK fresh masa into tortillas for your  order! What are you waiting for???  GECTHOA$$OVAHEA!!!!!!!!
4 MISSION: TO FIND THE TASIEST TACOS ON LAS VEGAS' STREETS  WHO: VENDORS ALL AROUND LAS VEGAS(Brick and Mortars like Los Tacos and El Gordo's DO NOT COUNT)  Stop #5, We pulled up to the lot where Luv-It Frozen Custard is, only to find that Karina's has relocated to another spot.  PROS:  Handmade tortillas  Only taco vendor who does Tacos al vapor(Steamed Tacos) that I know of...  Nice family run business, great people  CONS:  Don't know where they are currently located:(   All was not lost, we just went to luv-It for the best frozen custard in town....ALOHA!!!  *If you ever come across Karina's, its definitely worth a stop. pretty solid tacos @ $1.50 each...Oh, and let me know the location too :)  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(169/365) "Street Taco Scramble Part 5"
5 We decided to try this amazing smelling taco truck AFTER standing in line at luvit custard (yes it smells that good) We ordered one of almost everything on the menu and EVERYTHING was delicious ! We were also offered a shrimp cocktail which was loaded! We drive down here almost every week from north Las Vegas because it's that good. Thank you guys for consistently delicious food!
