5 You can call me crazy, but this store tends to have better deals than any of the other GAP Outlets. With my sister back in town for the summer, we were the dynamic duo of shopping. Days were dedicated to travel from one side of town to another, but we come here for our basics at bargain prices. There was a drought season where I didn't buy anything from GAP and walking into this store quickly changed that. For the most part, this mid range store tends to play it safe and clean cut for a moderate price.   The employees are quick to help, but also know to not swarm around their clientele. I hate being constantly approached.
4 This Gap outlet is a tad on the small side, but they pack a lot of punch in a small package. They have something for everyone and shelves and clothes were organized and clean when I visited. That's always key in my book.   It is located on the outside of the mall so parking and entering the store is more convenient if it's your only stop as it was mine. I purchased a pair of jeans and service was pleasant and efficient. When I decided to return them the very next day, the return was smooth and quick. Very good shopping experience.
2 In the past I would have given this place a 5 star, but I really really do not like the Gap Outlet store.  Maybe its just me?  They hardly had any choices for jeans and thats my reason for shopping there.  I am short and need the petite sizes and they only had a small small selection.  I feel like the prices are no different then the actual Gap store.  A sweater at the outlet store is $45 and probably a few more dollars at the actual Gap store.  The store is clean and the store clerks are friendly, just not a fan of Gap.
4 the poor man's J-Crew...and I'm ok with it.  Whenever I need a cardigan, basic tees or every-day jeans- Gap Outlet has always been there, stocked ever so plentifully of colorful cardigans and basic apparel.  The prices aren't what it once was years ago, but that's because my friend used to work here and get the employee discount.  Now, I pay full price - but not to worry, because it's basically tax free with the purchase of a Gap reusable bag! Purchase the bag, and save 10%...not too bad.  I'm always happy when I am offered shopping bags or assistace from the staff, and have found the staff to be very friendly.  WIsh they would give out more 30% coupons, so I can relive the good ol' days shopping at the Gap Outlet.
