5 A breath of fresh air!   I was coming in as a new patient to this office for my well woman. Yes, we all hate them, but everyone needs them,,,,, kind of like brussels sprouts :)   The receptionist who booked my appointment was very friendly & accommodating, as was the lady at the front desk when I arrived & the nurse who took me back to the exam room. Apparently they never got the memo that the norm now is to act as though you're doing the patient a favor, lol!   I was seen by RNP Eileen M. Mccormick. She had a wonderful bedside manner. She took the time to look over all the paperwork that I had filled out in the lobby. She asked me questions. She was friendly & relaxed & had a kind disposition, all things which put me at ease & made an uncomfortable experience as comfortable as it will probably ever be. In one word, she's awesome :)  The professionalism & warmth displayed by every person I came into contact with at this office made it an all around great experience!
5 I have no problem not going back to see a doctor, so when I say I've been going here for years, it means something.  Dr. Teresa Malcolm is my OB/GYN and I started seeing her for my regular annual visits.  She helped treat me when I was struggling with infertility.  She referred my husband and I to a fertility specialist who was successful.  Now I am seeing Dr. Malcolm pregnant with twins.  She is great.  Down to earth, caring and of course, a mom herself.   Recently I had to see another doctor in the practice, since Dr. Malcolm was on call that day. I saw Dr. Fara.  He is excellent too.  Sociable and concerned, despite me not being one of "his" patients.  I live in the West Valley, so driving to the North West Valley is a trek for me, but the quality of care and of service from the ENTIRE staff is so excellent, they are worth the trip in my opinion.
5 Been going here about 6years now. I love it... Am sad i only get 2 go once a year lol. I LOVEE Janelle. Shes such a nice person and good doc. The staff is great, the nurse meg always returns my calls. I love the fact they have a blood lab in the office  I would recommend this place to anyone!:)
1 As a patient of this group for more than six years they were my obvious choice when I found out I was expecting.  Unfortunately over the weekend I had a miscarriage, I called to see if this group had a triage line so I could see if my suspicions were right and they did not, I was told to go to the ED.  I went to Del Webb and had a very good experience given the circumstances, everyone was very caring and concerned.  I was told by the PA in the ED that she spoke to the dr on call and  to follow up with my dr on Monday and that's when the nightmare began.  I have no idea whether my physician ever even heard of my situation because I was never seen by him or anyone.  I was only about a month along, but my husband and I were very excited and had been trying and very much wanted a baby.  So I was not scheduled to be seen til my 8 wk mark, when I called to follow up and get labs to compare to what had been drawn in the ED my whole experience was with their nurse Meg.  She was very rushed and didn't take much time to speak with me but did tell me that I would have results the next day.  So Tuesday, expecting results on my hcg, I followed up three times throughout the day only to be told at my final attempt at 1630 that I would have to wait until wed morning.  So another night of fear and anxiety passed and wed morning Meg calls me and very coldly tells me my hcg was negative.  She didn't comfort me at all or ever offer to get me in to my doctor for follow up or ask if I had concerns, and rushed off the phone with me.  When I called back to voice my disgust with how they handled what I thought was a delicate situation they had Meg call back once again to speak with me.  I told her that being a nurse myself I was pretty appalled at how she spoke with me and her lack of compassion and if this is how this group handles these types of situations I will be finding another dr, and I am doing just that after posting this review.  They were fine with doing my yearly well woman exam for six years, but if I have the joy of bringing a child into this world none of these doctors will be the ones delivering it.
