3 A small local donut cafe.  They have a pretty large selection of your standard donuts, nothing totally unique, but you will likely find what you're in the mood for.  In addition to the donuts is a pretty good selection of deli sandwiches.  There are at least 4 different types of coffee, and an assortment of flavoring too add to it.
4 What arête their hours? Their donuts are good.
4 The donut...  Arguably the best of all breakfast pastries, if not the best of all breakfast foods.  In this reviewer's opinion, Rainbow Donuts makes the best donuts in Phoenix.    Their donuts are light and crispy and taste like they were made from scratch instead of culled from a 100lb bag of "donut mix" like the big chains.  Highly recommended.
5 I've been going to Rainbow Donuts since their first location was opened on N. Cave Creek Rd.  Then another one popped up on N. 7th St. in the Sunnyslope, AZ area.  And then, again, I drove by the E. Thunderbird location where another establishment had been and "Voila"  ~  Rainbow Donuts  ~  closer to my home than the others!  That's a "bad" thing, right?  Anyway, their donuts are top notch although the raspberry filled jelly donuts, usually my favorite anywhere, manage to disappoint.  Why, may you ask?  The jelly inside is a raspberry "flavored" concoction - not a derivative of actual raspberries.  Other than that, (and I HAVE to eat my donuts warmed up!)  Rainbow Donuts still continues to be my favorite.  When I was there last month, I perused their other offerings, as well.  In addition to donuts are breakfast sandwiches, muffins, bagels, lunch sandwiches, other pastries, espresso and smoothie drinks.  There are other valley locations, as well.  Try it - you'll like/love it!
5 Incredible donuts.  Nothing too fancy, no nouveau-chic gastronomique donuts (well, maybe a bacon topped donut, but limited), just all around solid, tasty, light, fresh donuts.  Krispy Kreme and DD doesn't hold a candle to these.  Highly recommended!
3 We just moved into the area and decided to try the local donut shop. The donuts were tasty and a reasonable side. My Boston cream was okay, but the cream was pretty biased to one side, so it loses a couple points. Verdict: a decent place, but it won't replace our valley favorite of Bosa Donuts.
4 My husband stopped by and bought a dozen for co-workers a year ago since we live close to here and he works in the East Valley.  It was an immediate hit!  Now it's just expected that he'll bring a dozen every week, and there is major disappointment if he doesn't.  They have very fresh and delicious doughnuts.  I knock them off a star for not fixing their menu (at the bakery and online).  They do not have muffins or cakes like their menu claims.  But doughnuts?  They know what they're doing!
4 Good donuts and great prices.  This is somewhat of a silly compliant but RC cola lol?  I know I know we go there for donuts.
4 Good donuts and great prices.  This is somewhat of a silly compliant but RC cola lol?  I know I know we go there for donuts.
5 Oh, Rainbow Donuts... I love you.  Passionately, unabashedly LOVE you.  There isn't a better donut in town - chains like Dunkin Donuts don't come close.  Every single flavor is fried to perfection with the perfect amount of glaze.  Mmmmhmmm. Delish.
5 Been here multiple times for donuts to take to work.  Every single time the staff absolutely loves these.  The RC cola is now gone too lol.
5 Best doughnuts in AZ! Super fresh, light, and fluffy. No other doughnut shop comes even close. Plus, they are very friendly and have great customer service.
5 Delicious amazing perfect doughnuts! Also very impressed with their bagel sandwiches which are super fresh and the bagels are to die for not preservative filled heaviness but light, tasty, mouthwatering.... Hard to find with bagels!!  We came here twice from California while visiting fam. Staff is super friendly and customer service is great. Highly recommended. Happy they exist!
5 I'm so happy we found this place. The donut holes are amazing! Exactly how I like them! The iced coffee is great and I love the variety of syrups available. This place reminds me of the donut shops I grew up around in the bay area! We plan on being regulars here!
5 Great donuts all the time every time! Cake and raised always on point, although I like cake best. Service is top notch too.
2 Food was okay, service was really slow, and selection was very poor. They were out of many things which I would think would be standard items. Overall, it was okay for the area, but I will not personally eat here again.
5 My husband and I are SO glad we discovered this place. It is 5 miles from our house but worth the drive.   The donuts are fresh, great variety, great tasting and inexpensive. SO much better than Dunkin and Krispy Kreme IMHO.
5 Really awesome sausage sandwiches and mango smoothies. My kids loved their donuts too.
4 My coworker brought in donuts from this place and had me try one. AMAZING!!! It was so good and a million times better than Krispy Kreme and their air and sugar donuts.  One Rainbow Donut actually filled me completely up.  They're sinfully delicious.
5 I visit at least once a week and let me you, amazing donuts!  They are so fresh, soft, melt in your mouth! Huge variety, very cheap prices, and quick service too.  Don't waste your time at a gas station or supermarket, save your money and come here!    I also hear their lunch/deli is incredible but I have yet to try it.  Update soon!
5 I could eat a doughnut for every meal of every day yet I still haven't tried any of Rainbows doughnuts yet, because the rest of their menu is TOO GOOD! Their breakfast sandwiches are amazing and can be simple or deluxe depending on the ingredients you want. The supplies they use are so fresh, soft, and served hot. Quick, friendly service and very inexpensive! $12 for 2 breakfast sandwiches and some drinks rivals fast food prices. If they had a drive thru I would be here every day. Seriously recommend it if you're looking for a sit down restaurant quality breakfast without devoting the time (or having to do your hair on Saturday morning). I can't wait to try their lunches!
5 You can't go wrong clean friendly rather inexpensive as far as I'm concern 99 cents for a ice coffee hell yea no one can beat that I really have no complaints about this franchise at all five stars all the way
5 If I was on death row and got to choose my last meal, I would go with a box or two of Rainbow Donuts.  Hopefully, that would be enough to kill me, and I would go with a big powdered sugar, chocolate, glazed smile on my face.  But since I'm a happy free man, I choose to go to Rainbow for a healthier option (only 2 or 3 delicious donuts at a time)..
