1 We ordered a couple pizzas tonight via their on-line system and were given an estimated delivery time of about 25 minutes.  We thought this sounded quite short but were willing to give them a little leeway.  After they missed the estimated delivery time by 45 minutes I called to see what the status of our pizza was.  Alexa or Alexis (not sure which) answered the phone and as soon as she pulled up our order she started apologizing profusely, she put me on hold and after a few minutes another person answered the phone with much more of a gruff voice, didn't say anything except "this is ???? (didn't catch name).  I figured the phone had been picked up by someone else so I told her I was talking to the other person.  She told me she was the manager and that the driver said he tried to deliver the pizza and the woman that answered the door told him they already got their pizza?!?!  Since it's my wife and I that were home, both expecting the pizza and both irritated that it hadn't arrived there is no way that happened at this house.  I couldn't tell if the driver messed up terribly or if this was their cover story for messing up our order and not getting it out.  Granted...they did offer to recook the pizzas and deliver them for free but at this point they are done in my book.  The last thing I want is a pizza cooked and delivered by disgruntled people.  This is the last time we will ever attempt to get a pizza from them and highly recommend you use caution when ordering.
5 I love the pizzas here. The crust is positively delicious! I never get that nasty crash I do from other pizzas. The Superbiotic on skinny crust is my favorite! The staff here is always friendly and they have me coming back atleast 2-3 times a week! I've had delivery too and they're always prompt! Like they say when they answer the phone, "It's a great day to get Naked!"
4 Pizza toppings feature a huge variety!  I went in two nights in a row.  The first night i tried the Sonoran Special (chicken/mushroom...).  It was delicious!  Very flavorful, like no other pizza I've tasted.  Then the next night I tried out a Superbiotic (several veggies) but I subbed out regular cheese for a soy cheese.  It was pretty gross, but I was curious.   It was too cheesy, I didn't like the texture.  I just stick to the regular cheese next time but yeah I hope this place stays because I really like it!  Did I mention the special crust??  Very yummy!
4 This chain is really something special.  I just wish there were more around.  I love that their pizzas are a healthy alternative to traditional ones.  I also love that their pizza doesn't leave me feeling sick and bloated.  I wouldn't say it is the best pizza ever but it does the trick.  The crust/cheese isn't perfect but it comes real close.  The online nutritional information is solid and I can't believe how the quality of their ingredients cuts down on the calorie/fat/carb/etc. content.  I can't wait to return but it probably won't be for a while because their locations aren't close to anything for me.  I purposely drove like 15 miles to pick up a pizza from here after hearing about it from Mark Cuban's Twitter feed.  However, it was worth the trip to get something healthy, delicious, and unique.
4 Great pizzas with a nice variety of toppings.  We get the mediterranean and love it.  Have also tried the smokehouse and cheese, both were very good.  Would like more sauce on the pizzas, but otherwise, super!
