5 I can't even begin to count how many times I've said "You know, I really wish I could get a burger delivered to my house right now." So one day I logged in to an online list of delivery restaurants, expecting to once again settle on some crap like Asian Kitchen or Jimmy Johns, and I ran into a listing for this magical little burger place that I have yet to even see. Madtown Burger Co has finally stepped in to fill the delivery burger void in Madison, and I hope that I will never again be left without it.  Not only have they managed to pioneer the delivery burger in this town, they've managed to do it damn well. They serve some of the most delicious burgers you can get in Madison, right up there with (and somewhat similar to) Dotty's. I'm perfectly satisifed with the quality of the meat they're using; Order it medium-rare or medium, and it's a bloody flavorful mess. Get it well or medium-well, and it's nice and solid without being stringy. One 6oz. patty combined with the heaping amounts of toppings you get makes for a full meal in my opinion.  The range of customization available for your burger is what really sets Madtown Burger Co apart. There's 7 kinds of cheeses from feta to blue to Wisconsin cheddar. You can choose to get the burger on a kaiser, onion, or multi-grain roll, or even put it on an English muffin. And I can't even start with the toppings. There's at least a dozen sauces alone.  Sure, there's "signature" burgers, but build-your-own is where it's at. The menu includes your standard veggies in addition to unqiue stuff like guacamole, fried eggs, pineapple and - my new favorite topping thanks to them - coleslaw. Just be careful not to go overboard and haphazardly add everything you think looks good. They will accomodate every request you make with enthusiasm, and you might end up with a big fucking sloppy disaster in a box. Which is cool unless you're not in the mood for eating your burger with a fork.  As you've probably surmised, this food is greasy. But it's not as rough as I'd expect from looking at it, seeing as I've never gotten so much as a grumbling stomach from eating their burgers. I suppose now is as good a time as ever to mention that they have a Twinkie milkshake on their menu.   My one and only complaint with Madtown Burgers is that their selection of sides is terrible. Nothing but tater tots and onion rings, and the "flavoring" on them (should you choose to add it) is some kind of obscene powdered shit. Can't you get some regular old fries on your menu?
2 What is it with me and the newest grease pit in town? It seems like a pretty good idea at the time, and given the initial euphoria is actually kind of enjoyable. Then you might go back to it a couple more times, and it slowly starts to dawn on you...fuck. Fuck. This is gross.  They were on already uneven ground with me for their increasingly nasty ingredients, and now they've definitely passed that tipping point where I realize "OK, maybe I need to delete this number from my phone."   So the last time I placed an order for a burger from Madtown Burger Co, I called them up over an hour later, starving, wondering where my burger was at. Their response? "Oh, sorry, we're so busy because of a Badgerbites special, it's ready and we'll send it out with the next car."  I ordered my burger off of Badgerbites. There was no special.  Having worked the back-end of a delivery place myself, it didn't take me long to recognize this as restaurant-speak for "we never made your food and are going to start working on it now that you called and complained."  I called them back to tell them "you know what, fuck it, you failed" and they were more than happy to NOT refund my money.
1 This was my first time giving this place a try and it will most likely be my last.  I placed an order for delivery and was originally told it would be arriving anywhere from 35-60 minutes later.  After 75 minutes I decided to give them a call and see where my food was.  Like the other reviewer for this place, I was given the generic "sorry, we've been really busy, your food should be out the door in umm...5 minutes.  So it will be there soon."  An hour and a half after ordering, my food finally arrived.    I will admit that the food was fairly good once it arrived even though instead of the tater tots I ordered I received curly fries (which aren't even on their menu).  At this point though I wasn't really ready to give them the benefit of the doubt.  In a city where almost every restaurant delivers, waiting 1.5 hours for a delivery on a Wednesday night just isn't going to cut it.
2 A completely serviceable burger that took about 80 minutes to arrive. It was 3 1/2 star food, but I'm having trouble coming up with scenarios where I'd order again based on the wait.   I'd suppose I'd order again in a situation where I really wanted a burger delivered and didn't mind that it would be more than an hour before I ate it. That said, Madison has a lot of faster delivery food and several better burgers, and I'd only choose MBC for lack of better options.
1 We could have walked to Dottys, ordered appetizers and much better burgers, ate, had a few beers to top, and walked home in less time than it took for our delivery to arrive.  After waiting an hour and 50 minutes for only 3 burgers we received our food from the world's most unfriendly delivery person and to top it off all of our food was cold, soggy, and subpar at best for flavor. We will never be ordering from madtown burger again.
