5 I just took a class here with Alison for the first time and loved it.  I've been wanting to try out Pilates for a long time after hearing such great things about it and now that I have, it's going to be one of my new routines for sure.  This place is small and intimate and so much more affordable than other places i've looked into.  The workout was tough, but not the kind of tough that you think your going to die or are questioning wether or not your going to get through it.  It is empowering and it feels great because you are testing yourself and finding new muscles you don't normally use. If you haven't tried Pilates and are apprehensive about it, i suggest you try this place for sure, i had a wonderful first experience and will keep you posted the more I go.
5 I have been going to Mira fitness for some time and should have written a review much sooner. I go to Miranda and this woman has gotten me into the best shape of my life.  Prior to coming here, I was working out 5 days a week, three days of cardio and two days of weight training.  I LOVE Pilates now and will not go back to my former routine.  I work out less and am getting better results. When I leave the studio I feel so energized and happy.  Pilates, period is a great workout, but I have to add, that my trainer, Miranda is also a huge part of my success.  She really knows what she's doing, and knows how to push me and keep me motivated while working out without being a drill Sargent.  However, if that's the type of motivation you need, I'm sure she'd have no problem getting tough with you lol.    The prices are also very reasonable when you compare them to other studios and the studio is beautiful.  There is also no attitude in her studio. I visited several studios before choosing this one.  I was made to feel in other places that I should be lucky to be in their presence. I know this is Scottsdale, but as a client you should never be subject to the pretentious attitudes that I was running into.  Everyone at Mira fitness makes you feel welcome.   I would recommend Mira fitness to everyone wanting a great workout, with an experienced trainer. They are extremely affordable and know what they are doing.  Give them a try and I know you will be writing your own 5 star review!!
5 Great experience! My trainer Miranda was amazing she was so patient with me and really helped me with my framework! Thank you so much! See you at our next session! Can't wait!
5 I have been going to Mira Pilates for a year and a half. I started to go after a surgery from a car accident. Miranda helped me gain mobility, strength, and confidence. The studio is intimate and inviting. I always look forward to my sessions and feel great about myself! I have recommended Mira Pilates to many of my friends and will continue to do so! Pilates has helped me get my life back and Miranda is a huge part that!!!
5 Ok. I'm 43 and my body has NEVER looked better. My ass wants to know "what's gravity?" Enough said. Thanks Miranda!!
5 I've been training with Miranda for about a year. She tailors my workout for me, pushes me to do more than I think I can do, and the results are awesome. Plus she gets up at the crack of dawn to accommodate my schedule.
5 Woke up feeling amazingly sore today, why I say amazing is because I know I'm on my way to a stronger, sexier body thanks to Mira at Mira Pilates!! Summers a few months away and I've reached my goals while going regularly to Mira before, I just fell off track for a bit. But Mira will get me back on track with fast results so I'm glad to be back!!
1 "Not a cadillac place"  I see there is an online deal for this place. I was tempted to purchase that deal because this studio is so close to my home. Then I remembered how I emailed the studio a few months ago to set up sessions. I received one email from the owner but the conversation ended there - Mira Pilates didn't respond to any of my follow-up questions seeking specific dates and times. I was even willing/wishing to pay for private or semi-private sessions! They lost my business then and I can't bring myself to try again, even with the seemingly good online deal. Beware.
1 Out of 4 private sessions scheduled, Miranda was a no show twice and 20 minutes late another time. When I asked for a refund, it was refused. I would never recommend this place to anyone.
3 I was fairly new to Pilates when I stared coming here a couple months ago. I purchased a 20 class deal online because there are a variety of class types and times to choose from. They have the reformers and chairs, along with the usual Pilates accessories.  After doing a number of classes with different instructors, my favorite class was the mat class with Paige. Paige is great and full of energy. She is motivating and makes class fun and allows enough time to stretch at the end... Which didn't always happen with other instructors.  =/  I met both of the partners/owners during the months I took classes here, and unfortunately always got the feeling that leading pilates was a burden for them.  Too bad.  Its in a great location, they have all the necessary equipment, but I don't think this place exudes much of a welcoming feeling to clients.
1 Miranda has been screening my text messages and calls for weeks now regarding a refund for the living social deal that was never used. I have never been in contact with someone so unprofessional. Do not go here, she will rip you off.  I imagine the only reason this place is still even open is because she manages to take people's money through her group on and living socials and not providing actual services.
