5 Bruntsfield is really becoming a bit of a boom area for cafes and I, for one, am not complaining! This little French boulangerie has recently opened and is a little gem. It is immaculately presented. Small, but comfortable and inviting. Squeeze yourself into one of the tiny six or seven tables available and enjoy some old-fashioned table service. Yes! Table service - something very rare at local cafes! Since it was mid-morning, we did not order any of the delicious-sounding, freshly-made quiches, filled sandwiches or soup. Instead, we ordered a half-baguette with butter and black currant jam. We could have ordered gorgeous-looking croissants, or pain au chocolat. Our order was served in a gorgeous little basket with a grey-slate serving plate. A lot of thought went into its presentation. The bread was fresh and delicious and made in-house. When there was a mix-up with my espresso order, it was re-made very obligingly. Which brings me to the service - very obliging and friendly. I wholeheartedly recommend this little boulangerie. I certainly will be returning!
5 As a Frenchman myself, I really recommend this place. It's very authentic, and does not carry the kitsch stereotypes you may find in other Edinburgh places. Also it's run by people from the North of France, who are the nicest people of the country (I'm biased, I'm from there myself).  Good food, good service, reasonable price for a premium category café and bakery.  Will return.
5 This place deserves more appreciation, Brunstfield is an area of Edinburgh blessed with cute boutiques and continental style cafes. La Barantine is a newcomer to Bruntsfield, and offers a rustic interior, french ambience and very good freshly baked pastries served with good coffee.  The staff are very polite and friendly, as a language student at the University of Edinburgh I find it particularly pleasant to walk in here and practice my French... A wee bit pretentious one might say but really, I can't afford to miss any opportunities to speak in French.   The pastry I had here was still warm from the oven, an authentic french pain au chocolat. Next time I would like to try one of their fruit tarts. They sell macaroons here too. Thoroughly recommended cafe.
5 It's gotta be a good place if your french flat mate and friends go here all the time.   I went here with one of my french friends and she said she loves coming here because it makes her feel at home! Well theres a statement!  True, honest, french food thats good enough for true french people! I think that takes a good cafe. Plus if that isn't enough, the staff are french as well!   I recommend giving it a try. However there aren't many seats so don't always expect one in peak eating times!
5 After a rather heavy Friday night out my hangover spirit guide led me to La Barantine, a relatively new addition to the bursting Bruntsfield coffee scene. I was greeted with a smile and a confident 'bonjour', before ordering enough provisions to see me safely to the right side of lunch time. I can't remember exactly what went into my bag, but think there was a cheese and ham baguette and a cluster of cakey treats, washed down with an extra strong latte. It really was perfection.  I didn't think the area could support another cafe but La Barantine is a welcome addition and and raises the bar for the others. Next time I'll return without a pocket full of alka seltzers and a slightly clearer head.
5 Oh ... oh dear  It's Friday and as such, I decided to treat myself to a "fancy coffee" this morning.  I got off the bus expecting to go to Project Coffee but La Barantine just looked too cute and inviting to pass up.  When I was walked in I was immediately transported to heaven.  Seriously, the smell of  buttery croissants will knock even the most diciplined person off a diet.    I ordered a coffee and a pan au chocolat and while I waited I admired the *stunning* display of pastries, macarons, tarts, quiche, etcetc.   I asked how much was made in house and was given a slightly stunned look as I was told "all of it!"  Wow.  Now, I'm used to places doing one thing well - say they make great coffee and then buy in the pastries or whatever but to have *all* of it made there.  Well it just made me love the place even more.  I departed with a purse just a wee bit lighter than I expected (£3.30 for the coffee and croissant) but when I sat down at my desk and took the first sip of the nutty coffee, joined by the first bite of the fabulously light and buttery croissant, I definitely knew it was worth it.  Now I just can't wait to come back for lunch.
5 Sensational!   Bruntsfield does it again! La Barantine serves up absolutely sensational sandwiches and their pastries, sublime. I had a pistachio macaroon and was blown away by its taste!  Only very small inside so if walking past and you see a free table inside, grab it!!!!
5 Continuing my love-affair with La Barantine, yesterday I bought two eclairs here to have as after dinner Valentines treat with The Man.   After purchasing, I noticed that the filling was chocolate rather than vanilla cream/custard, and I was a bit disappointed because I prefer vanilla.  ... or at least I thought I did.  Oh my... I think that was the best eclair I've ever had.  The eclair itself was SO light and spongy and amazing, the filling was just lightly chocolatey, and the whole pastry was gone in minutes.  It was just too good to savor.  Wow.
5 A proper authentic French bakery! Having heard of that place quite a lot from one my fellow Yelpers (also a French native), I eventually got to go last week.  We had just about 20 minutes to kill and they were about to close.  However, they were happy to serve us a teapot each, with which  we had a pain au chocolat. The staff were lovely, we had a pleasant chat (and a bit of a moan) about the price of rented flats. I feel like I'm already a regular despite having been only once...   Oh, and we bought baguettes for a barbecue later that evening, which were an absolute success with the barbecue guests! Well done La Barantine!
5 La Barantine is a fantastic authentic french cafe. Myself and my son go in all the time and the staff are really friendly and welcoming.  I love the interior with all the art work of Paris every time i go in there a visit to Paris keeps shouting out to me.  I highly recommend this cafe and my son recommends the Fondant au chocolat.
5 Ooo la la, bonjour Monsieur Barantine. You are rather tasty. And French. Very french, and tasty. I had heard rumours of your reputation for delightfully decadent cakes, eclairs, macaroons, bread to die for. So I meandered over the Meadows and across the Links just to search out your own little corner of France in Edinburgh.  And that's exactly what I found. A petit café owned and run by French people, who could barely understand my Scottish accent, and who serve up home-baked bread, cheese and meat charcutterie platters with the ingredients from Henri's (Edinburgh's French deli), as well as those promised eclairs and macaroons.  I had the charcuterie plate and for £6 was presented with the most exquisite slate board of three types of ham, pate, cheese, salad, sundried tomatoes and a basket of bread. Yes, other places might also serve this. But in an instant this wee plate transported me to Marseille or Lyon and I was sitting in France, eating French food, a million miles from Scottish summer rain. This is genuinely a cut above the rest in terms of deli, continental platters.  This is somewhere I think I'll be visiting much more frequently, and could easily make it my Sunday brunch stop (even with their lack of traditional British brunch items). Who needs an Easyjet flight to Paris when you can take a wander across the Meadows to La Barantine. It's cheaper, tastier and with much more leg room. C'est delicieux!
4 A very nice place indeed which is significant considering the competition nearby. Far more impressive than the outside of the cafe would make you think, but was a rather bleak January day.  Warm and genuinely friendly staff. A well made mocha and brilliant carrot cake was less than £5 and my friends loose tea and chocolate fondant was less. The selection was decent for 2:30 on a Sunday and very fresh.   The inside of the shop was a little cramped but not unpleasant. Overall it felt rather friendly and exceptionally good value for money (vs the coffee and cake at Starbucks or costa) and I will happily go back.
5 A proper authentic french boulangerie/patisserie. Everything is freshly made there on the day, from a great selection of breads, to beautiful looking pieces of patisserie.
5 Edinburgh does seem to have fallen in love with all things French and frankly im loving it.  La Barantine seems to have become a weekly event for me, lunch there on a Sunday with a coffee and a paper is bliss. Their charcuterie selection served with bread is delicious. All of their products comes from Henri's I believe in terms of the pate's etc and it just makes for a great meal.  Their cakes as well deserve a mention, macaroons, tartes and other delights all on offer!   Friendly staff and great service round off what has to now be one of the best cafes in the city!!  Vive le France!!
5 I often go in for the baguettes as they are perfect for toasting or re heated in the oven - Oh MY!  They are so good.  But they have macarons, crossants, Pain au chocolat and a wide variety of patisseries of what I  do highly recommend.  The coffee here is also nice too!
5 Oh Barantine, mon amour !   Petite mise en situation : vous êtes français, expatrié à Edimbourg depuis quelques années déjà. Vous êtes donc en véritable manque de nourriture française, de vrai pain, de bonnes pâtisseries et viennoiseries comme on en fait que chez nous... et vous tombez nez à nez avec La Barantine ! L'estomac se réveille, les papilles redonnent signe de vie : il est temps d'entrer et de découvrir cette boulangerie/pâtisserie française !   A peine passé la porte, un petit "Bonjour !" en français résonne. C'est notamment ce qui fait le charme du lieu, tous les employés sont français. L'intérieur est très petit. Quelques tables sont installées mais le passage se fait difficilement. Au comptoir, on aperçoit enfin le trésor tant attendu : pains au chocolat, croissants, tartelettes aux fruits, éclairs au chocolat (avec du vrai chocolat dedans et pas cette pseudo crème pâtissière comme ils le font si bien en UK, berk), grand choix de sandwichs, quiches lorraine, et j'en passe. JE VEUX TOUUUUUT !   Gustativement parlant qu'est-ce que ça donne ? Et bien c'est délicieux. Et moi, je revis.  En ce qui concerne les tarifs, c'est forcément plus cher que ce qu'on achète en grande surface, mais le goût et la qualité se paient. Tout est préparé avec des produits frais et ça se sent. Ayant quitté Edimbourg il y a un an, je ne me rappelle pas des prix - qui ont probablement augmenté depuis - mais pour un petit plaisir de temps en temps, c'est raisonnable !  J'ai toujours été accueillie et servie avec le sourire (j'avoue tout, j'y suis retournée plusieurs fois.) et puis entre français, on papotait toujours quelques minutes pendant la préparation du sandwich.   S'il fait beau (mais si, ça arrive parfois !), vous pourrez déguster votre sandwich parfait au parc Bruntsfield Links qui n'est pas loin ! Et si vous avez la force mentale de patienter quelques minutes de plus, les Meadows sont à une distance raisonnable aussi.
5 I really wanted to give this place a 3 star because the people that worked there, every time I went in, were so rude and made me feel stupid for trying to pronounce the French menu but I loved the food and continued to come in and torture myself. I lived down the street from here when I briefly lived in Scotland and was told I needed to try it by the sweetest old man (I can only hope they were nicer to him). I am not a cheese fan but I decided to try the vegetarian baguette with hard Parm like cheese with roasted tomatoes, greens and a health dose of butter. The sandwich was great! I also have tried the pastries and not one ever disappointed me. The most notable one was a banana filled tart with a petite coffee macaroon sitting a top the whole lovely thing. I would put up with a lot for this food and on my next stay in Edinburgh I will be heading back here.
5 Edinburgh, like Jurgen pointed out wonderfully, has fallen in love with everything French and, like him, I've fallen in love with the idea. This is a brilliant little bakery/coffeehouse just down from my work and in the area of Bruntsfield which does have a fairly large population of French citizens so La Barantine either done their research or landed it lucky.  The coffee is nutty, not too earthy and far too easy to drink more than one of. The macarons are amazingly sweet meaning you only need one (sometimes 2) and you had happy with what you have had.  Now, I don't know where La Barantine gets its baguettes from but they are absolutely delightful, far too easy to eat more than an acceptable portion of and amazing when toasted.  As far as I'm aware they do get some produce from Henri's just up the road a little in Morningside but if you aren't venturing up that far, or even if you are, I'd still tell you to pop in here and experience it for yourself.  The staff are friendly and speak to you in French which keeps your mind active and lets me brush up on what was already my terrible French.
5 The real deal. Best chocolate croissants in Edinburgh, hands down. Especially if you can get them fresh out of the oven. Yummmm. Also, good coffee. My friend had the charcuterie plate once and it looked delish. Seating is a bit tight, but it doesn't even matter because if you can manage to get a table you don't mind.
