4 Flict House of Hair is precious!  They just opened 6ish weeks ago, and have a great location- in the shopping center with Sprouts & Valle Luna..  I purchased a Dealfind deal there, and was delighted by the customer service, and quality! The salon is styled very uniquely and it is adorable. They have good reads, and their stations are spread out, so you don't feel like you are sitting right on top of someone else's appointment. Everyone was very kind, and my hair looks better than it has in quite some time! They have average prices and a genuine desire to please their customers.. :) If you purchased the Dealfind deal, you won't be disappointed! If you didn't.. you should still check it out :D
5 Unfortunately, I'm one of those wait as long as possible for a haircut/ color, it's embarrassing, kind of girls, so my recent trip to Flict was very much needed!  I thought I had given up looking for a new colorist, as my girl moved back to Cali, but low and behold fate saw me through.    Flict is an adorable salon that is super easy to find and has a great atmosphere. When you call and make an appointment you will find yourself smiling after you hang up the phone.. The lady who answers is extremely pleasant and the chap from london makes you wish he offered a wake up call service.  But, in the end it was Dane who was my saving grace. My hair was awful going in.. kinda did the walk of shame meeting him... but looked and felt terrific leaving.  No rush, listened, offered advise, and kept me entertained the whole time. Highly recommended.  And I feel silly writing this but I am horrible with names, I'm almost positive his name was Dane, in case I stand corrected, he is tall, handsome, and just fantastic! (in case he reads this I'm pretty sure that remark will save my butt for the name thing if I am wrong, yes? No hard feelings big D? :)   So from setting the appointment -to driving home, this was a 5.
5 Ok, I want to make it clear that I did not have my hair cut at Flict, BUT... I went to a wedding where both the bride and groom had their hair crafted by the Flict folks, and they looked AWESOME.  If I didn't live in another state, I would definitely go there!
5 I was the groom of the below mentioned wedding.   BEST HAIRCUT I have ever had. Granted I am not one to spend money on my hair; I have a long history of $7 haircuts that were... good enough. This haircut was no $7 haircut. I was taken care of; pampered even! And the finished product was movie-star worthy. A couple days before my wedding I went to Flict House of Hair. I showed Hillary (head stylist/ owner) a picture of the style I was going for and she knew just what to do.  Guys, there is nothing like a good haircut. This place is not just for women; they know their way around a man's head of hair. Trust me spend the extra couple bucks (which is still really quite cheap considering the quality) and look the best you've ever looked
5 I had a coupon for a scalp massage, shampoo, haircut, and partial highlights for only $39!  Amazing deal!!  Nicole was my hair stylist and she was very knowledgeable.  She gave me advice on how to maintain my color and how to keep it healthy.  I love my new highlights and I'll definitely be back again!
5 I used to go to Santa Fe hair co. Never again! I walked into Flict and was instantly greeted with energy and warmth. Ginger asked me what I wanted, fired up the laptop, and off we went to Pintrest looking for exactly what I wanted! She did a fantastic job, saved me $30 vs Santa Fe, and I laughed the entire time talking to her, the owner, and Michelle. I LOVE this place and would recommend them to anyone and everyone! Please.. if your looking for a fashionable new hair style in a comforting fun atmosphere for a very reasonable price..Flict is the place to go!
5 Nicole is so fabulous that I flew all the way from San Francisco to have her cut my hair. Aside from the airfare, her price is extremely reasonable. I don't even have to check my hair in the mirror because she is so precise that she notices more than I do. The atmosphere is so cute and clean, the staff is nice. Best hair salon and stylist I've ever been to.
5 So happy I found this place on yelp. I've been looking for a long time since I moved to Phoenix for a good color and cut.... and that doesn't cost me $200. This place fits all the check marks. I loved my color and the cut is great. I saw Nicole, she was super patient and really listened to what I wanted. She showed me how to style it and gave me lots of styling tips! I'm so sick of other places charging $50 for a haircut AND another $25 for blow drying.... I mean it's part of the cut. This place does not charge you extra for the damn dry :) Anyways, the ambiance of the salon is really nice and fun, the people are super friendly, and most importantly Nicole did a great job and I will be going back for sure!!
5 I originally came to Flict because I bought a Dealfind online. I am so glad I did! The salon is lovely. I love the decor and the view of the lake, but the best part of the place are the people. The staff are all very friendly and accommodating.  Nicole has done a great job every time I go in. She is friendly and very knowledgeable about hair and does a fantastic job with color. Every time I go in I ask for something a little different and she always has great ideas. The girls who wash do a fabulous scalp massage too! (Sorry, can't remember their names off the top of my head!) I took my daughter to see Nicole as well and she loved her haircut and style. I plan to keep going back to Flict for a long time to come. I am planning to take advantage of their Friday happy hour very soon!
5 I've been coming to Flict since they first opened and still love it. Hillary & Nicole are amazing with their creative color, cuts & extensions! In fact, I love all of the Flict Ladies. Always seems to be a party when I go in after a long day at the office. In fact, I'll be heading there today for a lil' refresh in my color. See you soon ladies...
4 Have used this salon several times to get my hair done here.  Fantastic and super friendly people and they do a great job!
5 Got a haircut with Jinia today.  Went in with no picture, just told her how I normally do my hair (or lack there of, wash and wear) and that I was not in any way emotionally attached to my hair and left my hair in her hands.  She did a FANTASTIC job!  Definitely one of my top 3 haircuts.  While cutting my hair, conversation wasn't forced and the silence while she was cutting wasn't awkward as it can be with other stylists.  Making my appointment was pleasant.  The receptionist worked with my tight schedule with out any annoying sighs of frustration.  When I arrived she offered me something to drink.  I just asked for some water.  She asked if I preferred bottled or some of their infused water, why not try the infused stuff?  This is the only tip I could give, maybe put a straw in the glass instead of drinking straight from the glass.  I was fine without a straw, but some people are weird about germs and not knowing how well a glass was cleaned etc... But that is minutia.  Jinia came out shortly after to greet me and get started with the haircut.  When I was done, the receptionist recommended when I should schedule my next appointment and was ready to make it right there for me.  (Some salons only schedule 2 weeks out or something ridiculous like that, not here!)    The decor is awesome.  There's no random Greek or Italian head on a pedestal with a crazy water fountain splashing on fake marble.  The view is lovely, off of the lake, with TONS of natural light (no disguising a bad dye job with florescent lighting here).  Make your appointment now!
5 I absolutely LOVE flict!! Nicole was my hairstylist and she was very kind and sweet. She made sure to help me in every way possible. When I told her what color I wanted to dye my hair, she brought an iPad and let me see pictures of various red ombré styles. She also let me watch makeup tutorials on the iPad while waiting. She was very knowledgeable and was a great person to converse with. The best haircut I have ever had!!
5 Jinia is AMAZING. I've been on the search for an amazing stylist for a very, very long time, and have finally found THE stylist! After reading the Yelp reviews, I decided to give Flict a shot. my last experience (at a different salon) left me with a horrible chop-job that took months to grow out. So I was a little scared to try again. But Jinia was amazing and her work is outstanding. I'm absolutely in LOVE with this cut!   Thank you Jinia!!!
5 Found this salon using Yelp.  The positive reviews helped me find the best haircut I've had in months.  Hillary was wonderful, made me feel comfortable and really listened to what I was looking for.  Then snip, snip, and I had the great cut I was looking for. I will definitely be going back!
5 Absolutely love this Hair Salon and wholeheartedly agree that Jinia is the BEST!  I live in North Scottsdale (almost Cave Creek Area) and the drive to Chandler is well worth the expertise and quality!  Jinia did every person's hair for our wedding last year & the party the night before - and for both events, everyone's hair was flawless!! The salon itself is artsy, homey, and comfortable, without being overpriced.  They also offer classes for clients for free to learn new styles or tools and how to use them!
5 I had a haircut with Nicole today and it went perfect!!!  I have had long hair for some time now and was a little nervous but she listened to what I wanted and did a wonderful job.  Price is fair for the type of service and expertise that you get.  Thanks Flict and especially Nicole.
5 I would give this place 6 stars if I could! I was wanting to try a new place and stumbled upon Flict via Yelp, and I was convinced based on the large amount of great reviews that this would be at least better than the place I had been going, yet it was much more than that. When I walked inside I was immediately impressed by the decor and artwork.   Sarah did my hair and I showed her a few pictures I had for ideas, and she really took the time to listen and ask questions to make sure she understood the look I was going for and how my hair is. From there she seemed so excited and I could tell she was having fun with it, as opposed to acting like it was just another hair cut like some other stylists I've been to seem to do. And I love the way it turned out! She's awesome!   Everyone at the salon was having fun. In front of each chair is a door with a mirror hanging on it, and being in there was appealing to the eyes with the overall look and decor. Even the bathroom was very clean and nicely decorated.   I expected it to cost an arm and a leg, but the pricing is very fair and worth it! I even drove a bit further than I typically do for stuff like this but I'll gladly do it again. If you have any doubts or questions, go to Flict, you will not be disappointed!
1 So before this review, I wrote about how much I loved Flict salon. Unfortunately, times have changed.  My cousin was over for a wedding and had never dyed her hair before. She liked my red ombré, so I decided to take her to Nicole, the hairstylist who did my hair. My cousin has long, curly, thick black hair. I do too, but her hair is longer, curlier, and darker than mine. When I got my hair done before, Nicole did a great job. She lightened my hair before adding the color, so that it would show up.   This time however, she did not lighten my cousin's hair. The color, as common sense would provide, did not take to her hair. I told Nicole I didn't see any difference, but she said that we should go outside and look at it in the sunlight. That didn't really help... I still couldn't tell the difference. Nicole took my cousin back to lighten her hair. I trusted her to work wonders, like she did on my hair.  She lightened about two small strands of my cousin's hair. She put the color, and this time it took. It just looked terrible that she only had two red strands while the rest of her hair was black. My cousin has A LOT of hair... At this point we've been in the salon for 6 hours. We were told to come back the next day to make her hair look even and have an appointment with the owner.   I forget the owner's name.. I think it was Helen. The owner would take good care of us... Right? Wrong. She finished up my cousin's hair so it looked presentable. She then continued to charge us $300! She included the fee for the botched hair job Nicole provided. I was paying for INVISIBLE hair dye! My hair cut and color had costed less than $150. It was ridiculous that we had to pay so much for the hair stylist's mistake. You'd think the owner would care more about the actual customers, and not how much money to suck out of them. It made me sad, but I vowed to never go back to Flict. Now I'm looking for a new hairstylist. Any suggestions?
5 This place is fantastic! Nicole cut my hair and gave me exactly what I asked for. The service was wonderful and they made me feel like my hair was in hands I could trust.  I'm so happy with the service and care and the outcome.  I only wish I had more time to do everything she wanted to do. Will definitely go here again soon.
5 I went to Flict as a walk-in. I have thin hair and did not expect much since I have not had the best of luck with hairstylist at other salons since my hair thinned out due to a medical condition . Most of the time my hair is pinned back and out of the way. Today I met Brandi who gave me an amazing cut. I showed her a few pics of what I liked, explained that my thin hair was a problem and then I let her do her magic. Brandi has given me a chance to like my hair again. On a side note, I felt welcomed at Flict, the stylist and fun receptionist were down to earth and it was a nice change to be at a salon that made me feel comfortable.
5 I went here after I broke up with my old hair stylist based on yelp reviews and I was so impressed with this place  Brandi cut my hair and did a great job.  Most times you get your hair done and it looks great but the next day when its your turn to do it, it looks terrible.  Not this time Brandi worked with my hair and cut and styled it in a way it worked for both me and my hair.  Love this place it's a keeper!!!
4 I just visited Flict for the first time earlier this week. I had noticed their excellent reviews here on Yelp and also love the fact that they have some later-evening hours during the week! This is a lifesaver for me as I work far away and don't always have time to get in on a weekend.   They are closed Sunday and Monday, so I called on Tuesday in hopes of grabbing a Wednesday appointment. They called me back mid-day on Wednesday and I was able to get in for a 7:30 appointment that evening with a stylist named Sara. The lady who left me a message and who I later spoke with on the phone (I believe her name was Zooey) was very bubbly and cheerful.   The salon is located in the shopping center overlooking the little lake at Dobson and Ray. I was familiar with it because we've visited the Coffee Rush location as well as Sprouts there a few times :) I had never noticed Flict before and couldn't believe that such a cute little place was tucked into a little strip mall.   The look of the Salon is very un-Arizona - brick walls, shabby chic decor with funky art and reclaimed doors throughout. It was evening when I visited, but there seemed to be an ample amount of windows that must make the light during the day absolutely lovely. It reminded me of a loft-style space in an older city, which is an impressive accomplishment considering how "Beige and boring" so many AZ businesses are.   Sara, my stylist was quite nice. She asked good questions and took my lack of direction (I'm horrible at explaining what I want) in stride, making some good suggestions and ultimately providing a cut that was just what i needed. She was young and made a little bit of conversation as she cut my hair, but wasn't overly chatty.   No attempts at upselling product, which surprised me as it seems to always be the norm in salons. Perhaps she took me at my word that I don't really use much; works for me!   The cost was fine - $45 for the cut. She did let me know that that night was actually the last night she was working at Flict. I swear I'm cursed! At least she let me know :) I've been to 4 different salons since moving back and each time I find someone, they're gone by my next visit. I guess it is the norm in the business here. The one thing I'd say is that since I did let them know that I hadn't been in before, I'm surprised that they'd schedule me with someone who wasn't sticking around. It seems like it would be a good idea to get a new customer hooked on someone who would stay at the salon to increase the chances of return business.. but who knows...  Anyhow, I'd most likely return to Flict again if it remains convenient for me as far as location and timing, because it really is a cute place and they seem to have things "together"... I am just still trapped in search of a stylist that I can stick with.
5 I found them on yelp, and am so glad that I did!  Jinia was my stylist and did such an amazing job. I had a pretty dramatic cut (took off about 7 inches, added layers, and add full bangs) which could have easily gone wrong and it looks AMAZING.  I have never really been one to "spend money" on my hair, but I wonder if I ever won't again. I will absolutely go back and would recommend them to anyone.  Side note: very cute decor, good music, and fun art.
5 It's so tough trying to find a good salon and stylist but I definitely found just that right here!! I've tried other big name salons and wasn't happy. Salons like Toni and Guy didn't listen and they didn't understand my hair and just how crazy it can be. At Flict, Amy cut my hair and added highlights - it looks so great!! She totally listened to me and added some great style to my hair. She knew exactly what to do with my crazy, frizzy, curly hair.   If you're looking for a great salon try Flict! And try Amy! She's awesome!!
5 Nothing short of an amazing experience! I had a haircut with Rachael and she did a fabulous job! It is a very cute salon with great stylists and I will DEFINITELY be going back to see her. She is so knowledgable and listened to exactly what I wanted. I have an amazing hair cut and am so happy!
5 I have been using this salon for a couple years now and I absolutely love them...Jinia is my go to stylist and she is amazing at what she does!  Best salon in the east valley!
5 I've been going to see Jinia since moving to the East Valley in 2012. I found Flict through Yelp reviews, and I am SO glad I gave them a call. Absolutely the best staff and atmosphere out of any salon I have ever experienced. Everyone knows your name when you walk in the door, and you receive the best service every single visit. I am super picky when it comes to my hair, and it can be very finicky to style (thick, coarse, wavy), but I've never walked out with a cut I didn't LOVE!!!
5 I was in need of somewhat of a hair transformation and today I got just that at Flict. I had a coupon for $50 off a color, cut and style from a local flyer and I decided to look up the reviews and they were great!   They are located off of Ray and Dobson next to the Valle Luna restaurant next to the lake. I was greeted right away when I walked in and I loved the vintage decor. Rachel greeted me within a few minutes and took me to her chair. I had lightened my hair to platinum a few days ago with the intent of going to a more honey blonde. Rachel did a very extensive consultation with me to understand exactly what color and style I was going for. When we decided on a color she took me to the bowl to rinse my hair. She was very sweet and we made great conversation, which we all know is a also a very important attribute in a hairstylist. The color probably only took about 30 minutes in total which wasn't too bad at all.  When the color was revealed I was beyond happy. It is stunning! A perfect honey golden blonde. She cut my hair in to a shoulder length layered bob and it looks gorgeous and healthy again. She was also training another stylist at the time and is very knowledgeable and really knows her stuff! I would definitely recommend her and  I will definitely be going back. See pics :)0
5 I am little late in writing my review, but I wanted to have some time to see if I love my haircut. I always love how I feel after a hair cut and would give everyone a 5 star review. The problem was I have been to a number of different stylists over the years and just hadn't found one that got it. When I callled Flict to book an appointment (which I decided to try after all the glowing reviews), I explained why  I needed someone very experienced. The problem with my hair is that I have about 10 times more of it  than anyone should have. They booked my appointment  with Amy.  Amy was wonderful. She sympathized with my hair situation without making me feel bad. She took the time to explain how and why she was going to  cut my hair the way she was going to. I asked for low maintenance hair and that is what I got. I am ready to book my color appointment now. Thanks Amy, I finally found the  stylist I have desperately  been seeking. The salon is also very nice and  not at all pretentious. Everyone seemed very friendly and the service was great.
5 Everyone here is great!!!!!!! Could not ask for more perfect artists to style my hair.
5 Had a great experience! Amy is amazing. This is the 2nd time I have had my hair done with her and will continue from now on. I has highlights, hair cut, style and brows waxed. She listened to my needs and gave me suggestions for my color.  Which turned out great! The best part of the day was the eye brow consultation. She showed me where brows should start and end as well as where the arch begins. I have been getting brows done for years and never been taught how to shape them. I found this very rare. Amy not only does a great job she also wants to educate her clients!
5 I went in with extremely long hair looking to cut it short. Amy was amazing spending time with me making sure its what I wanted and what exactly to do with it. showing me pictures and discussing with me my options. she has an unbelievable eye for style I couldnt be happier with the end result. I highly recommend amy to anyone and everyone.
