5 Used A to Z for recent move.  They showed up on time, were nice, professional and hard working.  They completed the job earlier than we expected and everything was packed nice and tight and NO DAMAGE.  Couldn't have asked for more.  Chris and Ryan did amazing work!
5 Justin with A to Z Allied Moving is great!  They are my number 1 choice for moving companies.  I refer everyone to these guys!!
5 These guys are great. They are professional and take their time packing your personal items. I totally trust this company in home. Do yourself a favor, and have these guys do your next move. Thanks A to Z Moving!
1 I give this company a zero.  I hired A-Z back in January.  When the movers arrived at my new home they found that the legs to my coffee table were broken off.  All of them.  I contacted Justin who said he would take the table to a furniture repair place and have it repaired.  He wanted to have it fixed rather than run it through his insurance company because he said the insurance company would only give a few hundred dollars.  Next Justin called to tell me they could not fix the table.  I paid almost $1800 for the table.  He then said that he would see about having some iron legs made for the table.  I have been told repeatedly that the table is almost finished.  It is now 9 months later and I have yet to get my table.  When I last spoke to Justin he said he didn't know where my table was but he was going to find out.  The last message I received from Justin was that they were putting the finishing touches on my table.  That was 9/6/13.  In addition to my table being destroyed, they also took  my moving dolly and have yet to return it. If you have anything valuable to move do not use this company.  I doubt they are insured.
5 These guys are great.  I would use them again and would recommend them to anyone else that needs moving help.  Fast workers - moved all my stuff up two flights of stairs in 100 degree heat and never skipped a beat.
5 Justin and Tanner were perfect gentlemen and professionals from the start. Highly recommended. I would definitely hire them both again.
1 I don't know if I've ever dealt with a less professional company.  The owner actually yelled at me on the phone when I told him of the problems with the move and was incredibly defensive.  Their website is also inaccurate: They did not wrap our furniture as their Website states and, as a result, furniture was damaged, as were walls.  Beyond this, it took three men and eight hours to do a job two men could have done in about five hours.  The owner said he'd send a repairman to fix the furniture and walls--I said that remedy was unacceptable given what I'd seen of the quality of the work and that it would be more fair to charge me for two movers rather than three (a remedial discount of about three hundred dollars in a move that cost over nine hundred).  He screamed at me, literally.  I would not call this company.  I would not have them move you.
1 We hired this company after reading the Yelp reviews.  Although they appeared friendly and professional on the phone, they job they did was very poorly managed and executed.  There was a lot of damage done to the wood pieces of furniture.  The damage was primarily due to not properly wrapping pieces.  They moved very slow for an hourly rate - at least to my taste and from my prior experiences with movers.   I offered to give them the opportunity to remedy the situation prior to writing any reviews.  They offered to repair the damage, but I preferred a refund to hire my own repair person.  I don't trust the workmanship.  The owner was very defensive, never apologized, and refused to refund for damages.  I would highly encourage not hiring this company.  They were also very expensive at the end of the job compared to other quotes.
5 We had a fantastic experience today. Our two movers were professional, clean and so friendly. They immediately introduced themselves, shook our hands, toured the home to get a feel for what to do first and then set straight to work.   I would definitely use this company again just to get these two gentlemen again! Ron and Eric are awesome! Justin was super nice too.
