5 I am very thankful for Dr Cheney, I have 7 year old twins one of them had a very painful ingrown toenail. He was extremely sensitive about anyone even touching it. Dr Cheney was very gentle with the shot and kept him happy throughout the visit. She took extra time  with him. I couldn't have asked for a more compassionate and thoughtful staff. I highly recommend Dr Cheney to anyone that is having foot problems.
5 I am very thankful for Dr Cheney, I have 7 year old twins one of them had a very painful ingrown toenail. He was extremely sensitive about anyone even touching it. Dr Cheney was very gentle with the shot and kept him happy throughout the visit. She took extra time  with him. I couldn't have asked for a more compassionate and thoughtful staff. I highly recommend Dr Cheney to anyone that is having foot problems
1 This is an extremely rude doctor with poor "bedside manners."  When this doctor was rather new in the area, I visited the doctor at an office that she was sharing with another professional.  Anyway, while discussing my foot condition, Dr Cheeny was more interested in showing me pictures of shoes in a catalog and wanted me to go to a Foot Solutions store to try on the shoes then come back to Arcadia Foot and Ankle to buy the shoes.  She was more interested in selling to me shoes and any other gadget she had in her office.  Rude.  Rude.  Rude.  Very unprofessional.  I highly suggest that if you need a Foot Doctor or Specialist, you had better look elsewhere!
4 This past January I ran the P.F. Chang's Half Marathon and had a minor issue, thought that I broke my right foot.  After looking through a number of reviews and locations. I decided to call Dr. Allison Cheney for a consult.    I scheduled the appointment and arrived a few minutes ahead of time to make sure that I would know where I was going and to ensure a parking spot.  Arcadia Foot & Ankle is near the super busy Chestnut Fine Foods & Provisions so thankfully there are two reserved spots at the front entrance.  After filling in the required paperwork, I had a chance to talk frankly with Dr. Cheney about my concerns.  She took a few x-rays, examined my foot and set my mind at ease.  The foot was not broken, only slightly strained.  She was able to give me a script for an anti-inflammatory and we scheduled the follow up visit.    I went back after 3 weeks and got the go ahead to run again. I would recommend Arcadia Foot & Ankle to anyone looking for a good foot doctor in the arcadia area.
