5 ON. POINT.  Latin American food that isn't super heavy and salty.  The food was actually very light and bright tasting.    We were in for a late dinner so we didn't want to be overwhelmed with anything too heavy.  We wanted something light so we both opted for fish.  I had the open faced Papusa with with fish and my Husband had the fish tacos with a side of patacones.    Both dishes were delicious all the way through and the sauces only made things better!  My husband loved the green salsa which he said it tasted like it had fresh avocado with a slight kick from the jalapenos.  He also said it was slightly sweet.  The papusa with fish was also very delicious.  After we walked out we both said "That was perfect".  We only wish we came at a better hour so we could have ordered more then we had because we both wanted to try more.  The service was fast and friendly and helpful.  El Rincon Tico has now become one of our default "go to" restaurants.  I can't wait to try everything!
5 Really nice neighborhood restaurant. Not too expensive and Kid friendly, simple menu but really unique and tasty. They have this green sauce that is really delicious!
1 I visited this business twice and had two different meals.    Initially, I had hear great things about the tacos.  The tortillas, however, are not made fresh.  They are prepackaged and reheated.  I can get that in a grocery store or Chipotle, so instead of tacos, the first meal I had was a mango salad.  It actually tasted excellent, however a large number of the mangos in the salad still had the inedible mango skin on, which seemed to me to be a careless mistake.  The dressing had great flavor and wasn't too heavy.  At $9 without tax or tip, this was a fairly expensive salad.  The portion was also small and I so I left feeling hungry.  The second meal I had was their hearty beef soup.  The flavors of the soup were initially excellent.  However, as I dug into the bowl, I found several beef bones, as well as a number of pieces of charred/blackened/burned meat.  There was literally a large piece that was probably about a square inch with a 1/4" thick burned crust on it.  It just seemed like careless cooking.  At $11 for a bowl that was relatively small, I again was hungry after eating.  The waiter seemed particularly enthusiastic about the beans, and I was still hungry, so I ordered a side.  $2.25 seemed like a high price to pay for a side of beans and it certainly was given how small the side was.  The beans tasted very standard and unoriginal.  The service I received during both of my meals (from the same tall, lanky waiter) was abysmal.  The restaurant was empty, but the service was slow.  I had to actually ask him for a menu at one of the meals and had to ask to receive water at both meals.  I also found myself having to ask multiple times to receive a water refill.  When my waiter was not at the table, I could hear him loudly conversing with a female cook in back.  They talked about a number of inappropriate things and also argued over which music should be played.  This led to a very eclectic mix of music, including songs that were cut off midway through.  The volume was extremely loud and would occasionally be turned up louder for portions of the song that the staff were apparently particularly fond of.     Overall, there are some fun flavors going on at this restaurant, but high prices, small portions, careless cooking/preparation, and an incompetent wait staff really ruined it for me.  I live in the neighborhood and there are too many great restaurants that are just steps away  to waste your time and money on this one.
5 The food and cocktails were amazing!!!
5 I just got back from a wonderful Sunday brunch at El Rincon Tico. Although they didn't have any decaf coffee, the waitress made me a great smoothie concoction that was delicious. I ordered the big Tico brunch special, and it was a HUGE meal! Because I wasn't having the coffee that comes with the special, she said it was OK to have both ham and plantains, and the latter were delicious, as was the dish of mango pieces (you get a choice of fruit or salad). The restaurant is clean and very well decorated. The habanero/peach salsa on the tables really spiced up the rice and beans. I'd happily go there again for brunch!
2 While the food was super tasty, we received it in this order: entrees, drinks, chips & salsa. The waitress didn't even seem to understand that this was a problem nor did she explain why it was happening (well, they had to go buy ice for the drinks, that was the holdup there). While there was only one other table in the restaurant, she completely forgot about us after dropping the check and let us sit with it for over 20 minutes. I wish their service matched their tasty food and drinks!
2 Decided to try dinner here last night.  The food was fine, not great but, fine.  The homemade guac was really good, nice and fresh but, the tortilla chips that came with it were overly fried and a little stale.  The coconut shrimp tasted fishy.  The Chicken burrito was a big hit.  The server was not very knowledgeable but tried.  I worry that if it had been any busier (we were the only table for most of the time) the server would have been very overwhelmed.    The part that was most...infuriating was that the vegetarian special and what resulted after our party ordered it.  First, the special isn't listed anywhere with a price nor was the price mentioned when the server shared it with us.  Based on the Plate of the day, and other menu items one would guess that the cost would be around $10 in thast it was, indeed, a special.  Second, the dish was mediocre; butternut squash/plantain coconut curry topped with tortilla strips (unnecessary), with a side of white rice and black beans.  Third, the cost of this dish ended up being $17.95, more than $11 more than the huge chicken burrito that another person ordered.  When the owner was approached about the cost and the fact that the cost was not shared outright, he became condescending and dismissive.    I will say that he reduced the price to, "whatever you want to pay".  But, the meal and experience was already ruined.
3 Decent food but spotty service.   With El Rincon Tico being The Mango Man's offshoot restaurant from the much loved Cafe Costa Rica, I had high hopes. It's a larger restaurant in both size and menu items with a smaller price tag than Cafe Costa Rica. At first glance this seems like a dream come true. You mean I can get delicious fried plantains and tacos on Willy without being crammed into a tiny dining area? Yess. But it didn't really live up to my expectations.  The food was good but this may be 90% due to their amazing sauces/dips/salsa. I ordered chips/salsa and two empanadas. The chips came in mass quantity and seemed to be made in house, but they were cold. This was a disappointment. I mean, who wants cold chips? At least throw them under a warming table. However, it came with a really tasty salsa which I loved, but it was a bit too sweet for my boyfriend's taste. The empanadas were slightly undercooked and a little bland but I used the remaining salsa and it was workable.  The service was all sorts of crazy. To start, we were the only people in the restaurant around lunch on a weekend. As we walked back to the back bar area the cook greeted us and told us to sit anywhere. The server had ditched that day and that poor cook was stuck doing everything, including taking our order and even running across the street to get ice because they were out. While we were waiting for our food the previously missing waitress stumbled in and seemed really confused. That was the start of awkwardness with her. We guessed she had never served before because she just kinda creeped around and when we asked about a drink we ordered she got slightly offended. Let's just say we left the tip for the cook.   Overall I think that their sauces saved them. Try it out but don't expect anything amazing.
3 Yummy Latin American comfort food, like rice & beans, plantains, slow-cooked pork & chicken. Mango Man hot sauce is to die for. Service & ambiance could be improved.
4 What everyone else has said about the service is true.  Thoney (the owner and chef) puts out some AMAZING food and everything I've eaten here has been really really tasty, but the service is just plain bad.  I've had times where I've waited 2 or 3 minutes to be seated to an EMPTY restaurant.  The food takes up to an hour to come out.    If you go, try the curried chicken...it is AMAZING!
5 My new favorite restaurant in Madison! If you are looking for an escape from the normal burgers and cheese curds-this is it. The food is great and pricing is decent. They also serve house made sauces that are delicious! We poured it all over everything!
