4 I'm sorry to read that other locations of Aspen Dental in the Valley have had such bad experiences. I started going to the new office at 44th Street and Thomas Road (in Arcadia Crossing) about a year and a half ago, and I have been extremely happy with them.  I recently had my third cleaning done, and I have never had dental technicians who have taken such good care of me. My teeth are very close together and very hard to get clean, and I have had many seriously rotten experiences in the past -- not so here! My technician is consistently gentle, considerate, and very supportive.   Dr. Sang (I believe; or Song? Shame on me) is friendly and likewise gentle and caring. He fixed a filling for me between cleaning appointments and I have had no trouble at all since.   The team at the Arcadia Crossing Aspen Dental are always smiling, always friendly. This last time was even the first time I'd had to wait for more than a few minutes, and they were VERY apologetic that they'd kept me waiting at all.  I'm overjoyed to have found a dentist at long last who doesn't berate me for having teeth set close together, or cut my gums flossing. Two thumbs up.
4 Clean friendly staff. So far so good.
5 Great friendly staff.  New building with new equipment.
1 Hokey dentist!!!  I just moved here and had to find a new dentist after having my last one for the last 6 years so I thought I'd give Aspen Dental (by Arcadia area) a try. I've had zero cavities/fillings in my life and my past dentist/hygienist have always complimented my teeth and how healthy they are. And I pride myself in always going in religiously every six months for a cleaning.  After meeting with Dr. David Sung he informed me that I "must've had a filling fall out on a back tooth and now I have a cavity that needs to be filled." He didn't show me or pull up anything on the X-rays to prove it OR even ask me if that was correct. All the while I'm thinking "I've never had a cavity/filling in the last 30 years of going to the dentist??"  Without any further explanation/proof I was whisked away to the billing gal and her office (which I've never seen/heard of in a dentist office) to go over the several options for billing/costs based on what my insurance may it may not cover.   I've had friends see bad dentists that are trying to put extra cash in their pocket by creating issues such as this said "filling/cavity" that needed to be taken care of. After they've followed the dentists recommendation they've had nothing but problems with the filling the dentist put in. Funny how that works huh? The dentist sure doesn't pay for all that work...we do.  Needless to say I asked for my X-rays and found a new dentist (Dr. Russell T. Taylor) and guess what...he said "I don't see any concerns with your teeth at all, nothing a little cleaning won't take care of. Your teeth look great/heathy!"  An "honest" dentist goes a long way in my book AND my pocket book!!   If this dentist at Aspen says you need dental work I would highly recommend getting a second opinion! And guess what, those are FREE!
