5 Gabe was quick, professional, upfront and honest. He came out the same day to save us (all of our toilets were clogged!). Oh, and he was EARLY... What more could you ask for in a plumber? I highly recommend him and I would not hesitate to call him again. Thanks Gabe. :)
5 I would highly recommend this plumber! Our water heater busted a leak late at night and Gabe was there early the next morning. He gave us an accurate and competitive estimate for replacement and even laid out the choices we had. Additionally the old unit was not professionally installed and he was up front about potential pitfalls. We decided to hire Gabe and he did a great job. He fixed several other plumbing issues around the house and gave us a great deal. All the work he did looks great and I feel confident in his craftsmanship. He even warranties his parts/work and made me aware of other potential issues around the house just as an FYI. We now have a favorite plumber and so would you if you called Gabe at Copperline Plumbing.
5 Very pleased with pleased with Gabe and Copperline Plumbing. I had a Saturday morning plumbing emergency. Called Gabe at 7:50am and he was at my home by a little after 9. Professional appearance and very personable. Pricing was reasonable and Gabe took extra time to make sure the problem was truly fixed. I was very pleased with the service and comfortable having Gabe in my home.
5 Gabe is GREAT!!  Always professional, quick and reasonably priced.  Every time I have needed something taken care of he has always been able to get me on his schedule right away and when I had a plumbing emergency and called him at 9:00 p.m. he was still gracious and showed up at my house bright and early the next morning and had everything taken care of in a blink of an eye.  I even got the pleasure of meeting his son who was apprenticing with Gabe.  It's obvious that the great service will continue on with the next generation. My house is older and the plumbing has always been an issue but now that I found Copperline Plumbing I don't stress about it.  I know that I will get great workmanship at a honest and reasonable price.  I give Copperline plumbing my highest recommendation!
5 I returned from an out of town business trip to find a kitchen sink that refused to drain. We tried unclogging it ourselves to no avail. Finally, we decided to get a professional to help.  We called Gabe early in the morning and he was able to come to our house later that day. He unclogged the sink and also straightened out the mess of pipes the former homeowner had created trying to put in sink accessories. Now it looks like it should under there instead of a leaky, complicated mess! I thought the charge for fixing everything was fair although I don't have much to compare it to. It was less than I figured it would be.   I waited about a month to write this review, just to make sure there were no problems. No problems whatsoever! I'm really happy we found a trustworthy pro to help us and will not hesitate to call Copperline Plumbing in the future.
5 Had a reverse osmosis installed and both supply valves replaced. Had Gabriel do the work. He was a pleasant professional person to deal with and had me up and running in no time at all. The cost was reasonable and most importantly I will call them again the next time I need a plumber.
5 I am extremely impressed with the service Copperline Plumbing (Gabe) provided. He was very professional, friendly and quick to complete the repair. I didn't feel like I was overcharged either, which is a huge bonus when dealing with plumbing issues. I will definitely contact Copperline Plumbing for any future plumbing needs.
5 My kitchen sink plumbing fell apart and needed to find a plumber fast. I used Yelp as a way to find a good plumber and it worked out great. Gabe was fast professional and fixed the pipes under my sink without any issue. His price was very reasonable and now everything works great..no leaks, no issues. I would highly recommend Copperline Plumbing.  Definitely will get my business for any future needs.
5 I called Copperline Plumbing when I had to have service early on a Saturday morning. A toilet had cracked during the night, and was spewing water. After I heard and saw what was happening, I went to turn off the under-toilet shut-off valve, and it wouldn't budge, so I had to shut off the water to the whole house. Most of us know how inconvenient it is to have the water shut off!! Early Saturday morning I got on Yelp to find someone reliable who would come on a weekend. The guy came out who owns the business within 2 hours, fixed my problem, installed a new toilet. He even suggested that the shut-off valves need to be turned every once-in-a-while, to prevent them from locking up (Who knew?). I was very pleased with the prompt and efficient service and will use this company again!
5 Well done, thanks for the help!
5 I own rental properties in central phoenix and Gabe fixed 2 issues quickly and for the right price.  I highly recommend his services.
5 First call made I got right through to the owner/operator, no automated machine or voicemail!  He made it crystal clear that he would be able to work his visit into MY schedule no matter what, and he was 100% true to his word on that!  He arrived on time, with everything he needed in hand and had a great attitude.  He then went right to work on my various issues I had called about.  Everything was done professionally and quickly, including a total rebuild of the outside water line to our drip system.  He even tweaked a few items for free after describing some of the various issues we have observed in our new home, whereas most companies would have made me pay for extra services like that!  Lastly, he independently referred to his many different coupons and discounts both at the beginning and end of his visit, to make sure I felt I was getting value for my dollar, which is amazing as his prices were already competitive, but his discounts put him well over the top as the best around.  Service like this is, sadly, too rare to come by these days and I will therefore be using Copperline Plumbing exclusively for both my home as well as my investment properties from now on!
5 Gabe's five-star rating is well deserved!  We recently had him install a water softener in our house, which due to the house's layout, required complex routing of the drain line through some walls and the ceiling.  Gabe did the work in a professional manner with minimal dry wall repairs needed afterwards.  It was completed on time and for the quoted price.  He definitely knows what he's doing and is a pleasure to work with.  We highly recommend him as a knowledgeable and trustworthy plumber!  The Yelp deal helped with the cost as well!
5 We had Copperline and two other plumbers come out to give us an estimate after our Sears-contracted installer gave us very low confidence and an extremely high bid to do a tricky soft water system install.  We picked Gabe because he was very professional, reasonable, actually answered his phone and gave us an uber-fast response.   He's also articulate and well-presented, which after being subjected to the famous "Plumber's Crack" more times than I care to count, is a welcome relief.      Gabe had a plumbing emergency come up on the day that he was supposed to start work on our soft water installation.  He called to explain that he was helping someone in a pretty bad situation and would be over as quickly as he could to get started.  He ended up working really late after a really long day already to get the job done.  He did top-notch work with a smile even though it was obviously not a fun day.    We would recommend him to anyone in the area looking for an honest, reliable and professional plumber who doesn't cost the earth!
5 I was surprised to see a plumber earning a full 5 stars, but after calling Gabe I now understand.  He came out and inspected a possible leak going from my upstairs to downstairs bathroom.  The leak is only mild and happens only occasionally.  He told me simply to caulk up some leaks in my shower upstairs and the problem should be fixed.  When I halfheartedly offered him some money, he refused to accept it, and simply gave me his card asking to call him in case i have any future problems.
5 I have used competent plumbers before, and I have used relative inexpensive plumbers before, but Gabe (who IS Copperline Plumbling) is the first one is 20 years who is both.  The work he did for me was routine, but nonetheless I can see that he does a lot of the "little" things right, such as:  1.  He will not do work that does not meet at least current standards -- in my case this meant bringing obsolete cutoff connections up to code. 2.  Patiently explained what he needed to do to my wife and how much it would cost BEFORE he did it. 3.  Warned about a possible adverse consequence of a certain repair and got my ok before proceding.  Plumbers are never cheap, but my bill was $204 and that covered almost two hours of work and the parts (I estimated about $60 worth).  Gabe did not charge me for travel time either.  I hate to give this good review because he will now become busier and I'll have to stand in line when I need something, but you can't help wanting to root for this guy.
5 Gabriel has done many waterheater  installs for my customers and they have all praised his service.
5 After 17 years and three neighbors water heaters bursting at the seams, it was time to put Ol' Bessie out to pasture. Wanting to avoid late night emergency surgery; as my neighbors recently had, I chose elective replacement of my favorite home appliance. What would my morning shower be without you?  "Well since you're here, you might as well fix the broken valves behind my washing machine that I can't seem to get completely closed." I've been thinking about replacing that soon too, and want to be actually be able to turn off the water when the time comes. He agreed that it was a good idea, especially since the water for the entire building (11 neighbors included) was turned off already. I decided to take care of it now and avoid another scheduled call. :-)  I spent a few minutes with Gabriel while he worked out my plumbing issues, we chatted about some possible future plumbing needs, but I had to run before he finished his work. I left my wife in charge, and while he finished up writing out the paperwork, he reminded her that there was a yelp deal that would save us a couple bucks.  Now my water gets hotter than ever and I no longer have a ticking time bomb waiting to explode in the closet. Thanks for the friendly chat and the great work!  As a spend thrifty individual, I did call around to a few plumbers before making my final choice. Copperstate was no better or worse; within a few bucks, than most of the other reputable (by yelp standards) plumbers. Gabriel was the friendliest to talk to, seemed confident on the phone, so I happily gave him my business and am happy that I did.  Happy Yelping Phoenix, Gabriel will fix you right up, should the need arise!
5 They were great! Did the work exactly as promised, for the quoted price. And they didn't take advantage of my elderly parents with needless repairs.  Really first rate!
5 Great service! Called in advance and did more than what was expected. Very professional and honest.  I would recommend him to anyone in the Valley.
5 We chose Copperline Plumbing because of all the great reviews on Yelp, and I can proudly say Gabe deserves every one of his 5 star reviews.  We Kept his word, called 30 minutes before our appointment, is extremely polite, honest, reliable, and just an overall great guy to have around.   Being new to the area, he is a find.  I will recommend him to everyone in need of a good plumber and will have him back to install a soft water system soon.
5 Responded in a Sunday within 20 minutes and was at our house at 730 the next morning to install a new water heater.  Price was as quoted and would definitely use again.
5 Gabe came at the end of June to clear my drains (all of my drains were backing up, from the laundry, kitchen sink, showers and sinks, he went through the shower drains and got the clog from the source). I thought the price was economical, he called me a little beforehand to make sure I was there, arrived on time and worked fairly quickly. After he was done, he explained what he did, and even gave me a quote when I asked about installing a water line to my refrigerator.
5 Fantastic, competent, same-day service with a smile.  Excellent price, as well.  The comments found about Gabe on any of the other five-star reviews here sum it up.  You won't find better.
4 he calls before he shows up. that great he told me about discounts that would apply for me great. ill be calling him again
5 I am more than pleased with Copperline Plumbing.  Gabe is not only the person who takes your call & appointment, he is the owner & plumber.  He called 30 minutes in advance to let me know he was on his way.  He was on time, came in and got to work.  He works quickly and the job is done right and at a great price!  He is extremely polite & honest.  I would not hesitate to use his services again.  I highly recommend Copperline!!!
5 I chose Gabe after reading the numerous positive reviews on Yelp. As a women, I try to leave these chores to my fiance, but he was unavailable and well, the shower needed to be fixed. I had nothing to be concerned about! Gabe was at our house within an hour of my first phone call. He was professional, kind, and fixed the problem quickly. In addition, he enthusiastically offered advice on other plumbing questions I had. I will not hesitate to contact Gabe directly the next time I have a plumbing issue.
5 We used Copperline again this week to replace a hot water heater.  Again, Gabe was professional, on time and the price was as quoted.  It's hard to find someone trustworthy and someone you would want to come back to your house.  We hope that Copperline is in business for years to come and that they are available the next time we need some plumbing work done.
5 I hired Gabe to fix a few plumbing problems in condo I recently bought, I found him on Yelp, between my last plumber being an a-hole, Gabe's Yelp Deal and his high ratings, I gave him a call.   We talked a couple times over the phone prior to the job and he gave me a quote. He showed up on time, fixed everything he said would and was very professional about it. I would use him again should the need arise and I would recommend him to others.
5 Gabe did a great job with explaining options best for me. He is friendly, professional and reasonably priced! I had a faucet replaced and water softener installed - he was quick and even identified an issue with a clamp under the sink and fixed it for me free of charge. Woohoo!  Highly recommend him for your plumbing needs.  Uncertain how his scheduling would be for emergency services but I scheduled an appointment about 1 1/2 weeks out.
5 Gabe was awesome.  Honest and clean.  Fair pricing.
1 Emailed and called this company multiple times over four days to replace or repair our hot water heater. No response. Nada. Zip. Zero response whatsoever. Maybe he got so many calls from all the positive reviews on Yelp that now he doesn't need to return phone calls or respond to email. Disappointing since I actually thought he'd be different than others by being responsive and competent.  Moving on to try other companies that actually want business.
5 My girlfriend and I were looking for a plumber and heard horror stories of some of the prices out there just to unclog a sink. I checked on yelp, saw Gabe's reviews and set up and appointment with him. He was on time, very respectful to my girlfriend as opposed to taking advantage of someone with limited knowledge and fixed our guest shower and sink for under $200 with the purchase of the online coupon found here at yelp.  Great guy and highly recommend.
5 I hired Gabe based on his reviews from Yelp.  He lived up to his great reviews.  He was courteous, professional and very considerate.  I already referred him to two people.  Unfortunately he was too busy to help them, but yay for him for being too busy!  You deserve it Gabe!
5 We had Gabe out to our home about a month ago to replace all the frozen shut off valves underneath the sinks.  I scheduled an appointment with him a week in advance. On the day of the appointment, he contacted me ahead of time when he knew he was running a few minutes late.  When he arrived, my husband went over everything that we needed done and he provided us with an estimate. His pricing was fair and he let us take advantage of a coupon for $$ off that he has posted on his website.  He took his time and was very thorough in replacing everything that we needed.  It was a totally positive experience and we will certainly use him for any future plumbing needs.
5 Simply the best.   Gabe got back to me quickly and did excellent work...on a Saturday!  I will not go to anyone else.
5 Was definitely a little wary of having a plumbing come and evaluate the shower, sinks, and toilet in my master bedroom.  I was having issues with very slow drainage, and I had maxed out my amateur ability to fix them.  I was definitely concerned about how involved and expensive this undertaking may be.    After reading the reviews for Copperline Plumbing on Yelp!, I gave them a call and was immediately impressed.  Very professional, quick to schedule an appointment, and worked around my schedule.  Gabe arrived at my house on time, quickly diagnosed the problem, and thoroughly explained his plans.  Price was very reasonable...much less than I had expected!   While I hope I don't need another plumber in the near future, I would call Gabe at Copperline Plumbing again without a second thought.  A+++++.  HIGHLY recommend.
5 Left a message in the afternoon on Tuesday and heard back later that evening. There were no appointments available Wednesday, but we set up an appointment up for Thursday afternoon from 2-5. Gabe called at 2:20 to let me know he could be at my place in 20 minutes.  When he got here, I showed him the problem and told him what I had already tried. He was very open to listening to what I had done to troubleshoot the problem already. I asked about the Yelp deal and he said he would definitely accept it and even told me to go purchase it while he worked on the problem. Once he was satisfied that he understood what was going on, he explained what the possible causes were and then I left him to his work. He only took around 30 minute to get everything in working condition again.  I would definitely recommend Copperline to anyone needing a plumber!
5 Absolutely great service and excellent work. I would highly recommend Gabe.  We used Copperline to completely re-pipe our bathroom and the finished product was great.
5 Excellent service! I needed to install a water softener and it wasn't the easiest job because my home doesn't have the proper water loop that it needed. Gabe gave me some great ideas and we had it installed  within a week. I felt that his quote was fair and the work looked great.
5 Gabe did a phenomenal job of installing a water softening system, pressure regulator valve, pressure vacuum breaker and reworked the plumbing setup so that it worked more efficiently.  I got estimates from several plumbers and while he was not the most inexpensive, he definitely gave me confidence that he knew what he was doing.  He had great suggestions to resolve the problems I was having and was much more creative that the other guys in coming up with a solution.  He showed up on time, worked hard to get the job done, explained how the system worked and cleaned up everything.  DEFINITELY will use him again!!  There are good plumbers out there!!!
5 We found out about these guys via yelp actually. They were available fairly last minute, came on time, got the job done quickly, made professional suggestions and we would 100% use them again should we be in the market for plumbing service.
5 I needed a good plumber for a pretty serious leak in my townhome and found Gabe from the amazing Yelp comments.  Gave him a call and he showed up quickly to assess the situation.  He was very professional and got the job done quickly and with as little of a mess as possible.  I would recommend him to anyone as my tenants were very impressed.  His prices are fair and the Yelp deal made it even moreso.
5 OK... maybe a bit of a weird review.  I had a leak and Copperline Plumbing DIDN'T fix it!  But I called EARLY in the morning and he called me back immediately.  We talk about the problem briefly and he indicated his schedule was booked and he would not be able to get to it same-day... One of the things I appreciate is an honest contractor.  I don't expect miracles.  You could hear in his voice he wanted to do the job but was also honoring the commitments he as already made to previous customers.  I can't use him this time due to timing issues but I'll call him back when I need a new water softener installed in a month or so!
4 I would recommend Gabe. I hired him to do a few minor (for him) plumbing jobs. He went above and beyond what I asked him to do (at no additional charge).   I gave him four stars (not five) because we did talk about getting a new hot water heater installed and he gave me a verbal quote of about $700 to $800 (as did some other reputable plumbers who I talked with later). I don't know why plumbers charge so much to install hot water heaters... I ended up going to Home Depot and buying one for $250 and had a handyman install it for $100.
5 I wanted a water softener to make my swamp cooler work better, called Gabe after all the glowing reviews.  He helped me decide the most cost effective way to go, installed what I needed and was a terrific human being the whole time.  I do not know all of what he did but  he was fast, reliable, courteous and honest.  He is now my official plumber. He even gave me the name of a good cooler guy,
