1 Govig are headhunters:  they don't care about you, they want you to fill a job so they can make money.  The recruiters have to fill jobs every day, every week, every month.   If they don't do this, they don't make money.  It's ultra competitive.  Todd Govig is in charge.  How did he get to the top?  His mom and dad gave him the job - they started the biz.  Look at the website.  There's a video of Todd skiing talking about how he's the luckiest person in the world.  Neptism's always wonderful.
5 I first worked through Govig 7 years ago... I was uncertain what I wanted (beyond a job, asap), and I sent my resume in to Govig. Barbara Burns called me, interviewed me, and found me some short term temp employment and then a longer term admin position that was perfect. Then, I shattered my ankle, couldn't work and went to college instead. When that ended, I called Barbara back up, once again wanting a job ASAP. She had a temporary job for me two days later, while she set me up on interviews for more fitting longer-term opportunities.  Then I met Brad Francis, another recruiter there, who had some potential opportunities. Wow, he is a great guy too, and I was shocked that people in a commission-driven industry like recruiting worked together so seamlessly! That's when I realized that they have more than a paycheck in mind - they value their reputation for service to both candidates and companies above all else. My second interview landed me a job that I loved. It was a temporary, 3-month position that ended up being over a year and a half before my manager was forced to let me go due to budgeting issues.  Before that time, Brad called me up and said "Do you have any free time?" He had another part-time position come in that matched my skill set, and though I was already working, thought I might consider extra hours. He was very respectful, ran it through my current boss, me, and my potential new boss, clarified and explained, and everyone decided to give it a shot. I interviewed, and took the position. When I was 'laid off' on a Friday, my second position offered me full hours the following Monday. Talk about perfect, all because Brad saw something, thought of me, and even though it wasn't the most simple, took time with all parties to make it happen. I'm still at that second job, and I still love it.  Govig and Associates has always gotten me perfect jobs, too. They have many levels of positions! When I was younger, Barbara found me entry-level admin jobs that suited me well. Now that I have more of a particular skill set, Brad and Barbara have found me two jobs that I could not have been happier with! It's not just finding you A job, for them, either. They want to make sure that you fit the job, and the job fits you... not throw you into anything.  Every experience I've had with Govig has been so much higher than my expectations! Brad and Barbara are two GREAT people. They know who I am when I call, truly have integrity, and really strive to be a win-win for both companies and individuals. I once could never understand why a company would pay a premium for an employee, especially in times like these. After working with them, I do... they are the best at what they do, and can quickly and easily connect people with jobs, and companies with truly qualified talent!  If I'm ever in need of a job again, I know they'll probably be my ONLY call! Thank you, Brad, Barbara, and the entire Govig team!
1 This was the most unprofessional company I have ever worked with! Their staff was completely inapropriate and very unprofessional. I interviewed for a temp position in which the recruiter began inputting her opinions on my life, my schooling, etc. All of which was NONE of her biusiness. The interview had nothing to do with the job itself. I felt as though I was being grilled by a high school counselor. The girl that interviewed me didn't even book an interview room and was over a half hour late, then cut our interview (if you can call it that) short because she had something more important. I never heard back from her. Even the receptionist was annoyed and had to tell this person 3 times that I was waiting in the lobby before she came out.   The second time around a girl called me to interview for Govig themselves. I though "okay maybe the first girl was just a bad seed".... The first interview she blew me off and sent me an email asking to rechedule. The second interview she blew me off again without any contact or apologies. This was even after I completed all personality tests etc that were sent to me.   I will tell all people to STAY AWAY from Govig in the future. They don't care about people, they are rude, and extremely unorganized. I was already able to deter two other people from applying here.
