5 Nice looking place! Coffee is great
3 I have never actually been inside as my coworker buys me coffee from here.  I will support any coffee shop that isn't starbucks but I have a question for the owner.  The coffee tastes a little bitter to me like it is not brewed at the correct temperature - 195-204 degrees correct?  Can you please confirm the brewing temperature of the coffee.  The problem is either the temp or the quality of the roast.  Please let me know.
3 I was really excite to try Perk Up. I love to see places like this opening up. Las Vegas needs more independent coffee shops. However, I was a bit disappointed with the quality of the coffee. My latte was really nothing special. It had that standard "restaurant with an espresso machine" taste. Minimal, thin foam, with no crema-milk contrast. I tried a sip of my girlfriend's toffee latte, and it was really chemically and artificial. Also, it was served in a to go cup when we were obviously staying in the shop. I really wanted the coffee to be awesome, or at least what you would expect from a shop with this image/appeal. So much potential! The place is spacious, gorgeous, and comfortable, with a fireplace and many comfortable chairs and seating areas.  Overall, this shop has a lot of room to grow. Try using different, higher quality beans, train your baristas to make coffee that is memorable and "worth the drive", and ditch all of the flavored syrup pumps. If you are going to offer boutique/dessert flavors, find a way to do it that doesn't sacrifice quality so much. You cannot create an amazing coffee shop without amazing coffee!
5 Their soy chai is delicious!  I usually put a pump of vanilla into it. It's also really good with the toffee.  The baristas are nice and it has a great vibe inside.  I also love the local art on the walls. This place is a wonderful local coffee shop gem
4 This is the epitome of a friendly, local, independent coffeehouse without the contrived pretentiousness of...ahem...other "conceptual" neo-grunge or slickly-hipster single proprietor places in town (ain't gonna name names...) Attentive, knowledgeable staff, a variety of seating options (everything from comfy chairs in front of a fireplace to 2- or 4-person tables for work/laptops and a large table with 10 chairs) and artwork on the walls that can be yours for the right price all round out the aesthetics.  Still, if the coffee was no better than Dunkin' Donuts or Starbucks, there would be no reason to drive past the Orange and Green Monsters to get here, no matter how pleasant the staff and surroundings. The good news is that the coffee is indeed worth the trip- drip coffee, particularly the Kona, is flavorful and rich, the lattes and cappuccinos are full-bodied and served with enough foam to blunt any harshness in the espresso (only once was this a problem) and the mugs and cups they use are well-balanced in your hand. I've not used the drive-thru yet so haven't had the paper to-go cups, but I'm sure they're fine in their own way.   The only reason I cannot give Perk Up 5 stars is because I live too far away to make it a daily habit...but they're not to blame for that, and I'm there as often as I can be!
5 Love the staff as.they are so friendly and the coffee is good. The price is affordable. The owner is.always there and she is just.great. I love these.little mom and popp places. I recommend it.
5 I tried their minimally-priced coffee today and was delighted by the flavor! The service was impeccable--especially by Las Vegas' often-unfriendly standards. I liked the independent feel of the original decoration, equipped with a book rack, artwork and general "non-Starbucks" feel. I was most impressed with the service. I will definitely tell family and friends to try Perk Up! It perked me up! It must have, or I wouldn't be writing this!
3 Nothing special here. Coffee is Ok, but don't try the oatmeal.
5 Perk Up's legit! Glad to have you in the neighborhood
3 We were in Southern Highlands, looking for a place with Wi-Fi...   We found one, Perk Up.. Since I'm always excited to try something new, we rushed right in.   At first when I looked up at the menu all we saw were coffees & teas. They also had a display case that had muffins and sweet rolls, and slices of quiche.   I finally looked to the right and there was a stand up menu chalk board that offered some breakfast & lunch options.   I ordered some tea then decided I wanted lunch.. I asked about a couple of the sandwiches and the girl at the cash register was great in describing some of the offerings and even mentioned how she had pumpkin muffins coming out of the oven. YUM!   I ordered the quiche, which came with a side of fruit. Once served the quiche was good, but I've had better, the small portion of fruit looked as though it had saved from last week, perhaps so since it was a Monday. My friend had mentioned that the fruit did not look appealing and most likely was a couple of days old. They immediately cut up some fresh fruit and brought it out to us.   Nice, clean place with great service. It's not a place I am craving to go back to for lunch, but to meet for coffee or tea, you betcha!
3 The coffee was just not hot!
3 This is one of those places where you it may be better the second time around.  On a quiet Sunday morning, my husband and I continued our LV coffee tour and visited Perk Up located in a small shopping strip in Southern Highlands.  We obviously came during a shift change.  I heard the barista on her cell phone tell someone that she was excited for her shift to be over. I get it - it was slow - there was only 2 other kids in the store and they didn't look old enough to spell coffee let alone drink coffee. There wasn't anyone at the counter when we arrived but it wasn't too long before someone took our order. I ordered an Iced Crème de Menthe latte and my husband ordered a hot Hazelnut latte.   The service was pretty average at best and the drinks matched the mood. The prices are comparable to Starbucks. Nothing really stood out as far as memorable. I felt the coffee was too weak for my taste. My husband wasn't particularly fond of his latte either. He didn't finish it. I wish I had ordered drip coffee but it was an iced latte kind of day. The positive was the store was clean. There was a bookshelf filled with different books and boardgames. There was a marble table that could seat 6 in the corner. That was a nice touch. There were random items on the wall held up by binder clips. There was a flat screen on the wall that wasn't turned on.  The 2 star "Meh, I've experienced better" caption perfectly captures our experience but on my rating scale... my first time here was a solid 3 out of 5.
5 Discovered Perk Up on Yelp and want to spread the word! This place is full of love. Such a warm atmosphere, great quiet background music, and delicious coffee and food (homemade raspberry almond muffins anyone?) I've been to most other coffee shops around Vegas and I go out of my way to come here as often as possible. Their coffees are really unique- so bold and flavorful! My favorite thing to do is work on the couches by the sunny window. If you are looking for a new place, check out this gem!
5 honestly who needs starbucks when you have Perk Up. It truly is the hidden jewel. From the ambiance to coffee you could not ask for more. One of many to come...i hope. Once you come in for the first time you will never look elsewhere...Thanks for the daily PERK!!!
5 Perk Up is a hidden gem in the community of Southern Highlands. It is a friendly, comfy, and independently run coffee shop that has great service with a smile. The owner is exceptional at remembering orders from repeat guests and recognizing cars and voices from the drive-through. The third time I went into her shop she was telling me my drink before i could order it! They have free wi-fi so you can hang for awhile and do work on your computer if you need to or else just lounge on a comfortable chair by the fireplace. Artwork from local artists are displayed around the shop and the owner is often seen donating her time and coffee to community functions. Unlike certain other chain coffee shops, the staff is happy and sociable and seem to actually enjoy working there. Plus, the coffee is really good! I love the flavored iced coffee but my husband is a huge fan of the iced blended mocha. Also, scones, cookies, and other yummy food items are baked fresh at the shop. they also make fresh sandwiches for lunch and breakfast, including the egg, cheese and turkey sandwich on a bagel that I think is so much better than at other coffee shops cuz they use real eggs instead of the processed stuff. Two thumbs up for fresh breakfast, great coffee and service with an honest smile! I definitely recommend Perk Up for a regular stopping point in your day!
5 This place is awesome. Staff is really super nice. The artwork they display is pretty great, and something I wish I saw more of around town. The coffee is really tasty and they have a good variety of options. I'm a fan of the Raspberry Mocha.   The location is pretty far from where I live, but it's located in a really safe/nice area. More green than I'm used to in this city at least.  Definitely worth checking out regardless of where you're at in town.
4 I love this coffee shop! They have coconut almond and soy milk as options instead of milk. Plus lots of books and games
5 Love this coffee shop. We come here often and the service is great. It always great to find your own local spot, and this is it for me and my family. Coffee is good Andy husband lives the pastries. Definitely come check it out.
4 One thing I miss about living in the northwest is the local coffee shops!  Vegas definitely lacks when it comes to coffee.  I am so burnt out on Starbucks.  Saw this cool place and decided to give it a try!    Love how friendly the staff is!  They have such a good selection of fun flavored lattes!  I love how they have a drive-thru as well.  They also have punch cards.  Yay!    Minus one star because I feel like the prices are a tad bit high.
4 I was envious of my friends in Summerlin because they had Sambalatte. And my friends in east had Sunrise. But now I'm glad that my neighborhood has our own (little) independent coffee shop. Although compact, Perk Up has good drinks, friendly staff, Wi-Fi and furniture to relax or mingle on. I've never sampled the food, however, they do look good. Drive-thru is available and for the most part, they're friendly and quick. It's a great alternative if Starbucks down the road is crowded.
5 Coffee, latte, steamer, tea, chai, iced, hot all amazing.     The sandwiches are super yummy.  My favorite is the Carlos. Chicken salad is amazing. Breakfast sandwiches are great too.  Skip the jimmy dean sandwich and opt for the house made stuff you won't be dissatisfied.  Don't get in a rush and be upset because they are taking a bit to get you your food or coffee they are busy and for a reason. It is worth the wait.  And for anyone that complains about the price. This place is not some super chain place. It is the definition of a small business. They dont have corporate buyers getting mass quantities of coffee for the cheapest prices. They don't buy meat and cheeses in bulk and many of the items are made in house.    So sit back relax sip your coffee while enjoying the art (for sale) on the walls.  I would even suggest having a conversation with your baristas. Sure you may have paid a bit more for your superior latte (I haven't noticed) but it's worth it.
5 This place is amazing! So quaint and yummy! I had no idea how cute it was inside. They have comfy chairs with little tables, a long table with chairs you could easily have meetings at, breakfast & lunch items that are so good, board games to play  and books to read! Free wi-fi too. I had the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant, best chicken salad I've ever had.   Not to mention the wide variety of coffee drinks and teas!! Definitely a must go!!
5 As a die hard Starbucks junkie, I seldom stray, but since the one near my house is being renovated, what's a girl to do? Upon entering, I have to say I love the design of the store. It's cute and trendy for sure. Since it was my first time, I had the barista recommend me a drink, which was the Lunch Date. It wasn't bad, (chocolate and strawberry latte). It's definitely a shake up of my usual caramel macchiato. The service was good and the atmosphere was definitely legit. . They also have a loyalty punch card, buy 9 drinks get the 10th free which is pretty cool too. I'll be checking this place out again soon
4 So, I'm not an espresso expert. I like my coffee light and sweet, and then add another packet of sugar. I think this quaint little coffee shop offers a few things that most chain shops don't; they care about product quality, don't mind whimper when you make a special request, and really care that you enjoy your beverage. Why else would they offer ~20 flavoring a and allow you to customize your own beverage?  This is what we had; Ice Blended Date Night: white chocolate and strawberry. I thought it was pretty good, all the flavors I expected were present except that the espresso flavor was fairly weak.  Ice Blended Trifecta: marshmallow, white chocolate, and macadamia. This drink was awesome! It wasn't overly sweet like I was expecting.   Both ice blended drinks were really smooth and icey. There were no chunks of ingredients (chocolate or espresso beans), which means nothing to get stuck in your teeth. I might stop by again soon to try a latte or cappuccino- I think cappuccinos are really the way you can tell a good coffee shop from one that serves junk or doesn't know what they're doing, but my overall first opinion is a solid 4 star place- my next stop in will determine if it's worth the extra star.  Free wifi!!
4 Friendly staff, good atmosphere for relaxing and studying.  I got the Moroccan as an iced coffee which was a great blend of flavor that not one flavor over powered the other. Refreshing on a hot day. I got the large and it was only 5.15 which I think was a great deal!  I definitely will be coming back and I woukd recommend this place to everyone.
4 Found out about this place via the Yelp app on my phone, when Perk Up Coffee Shop turned out to be one of the closest places to get a fresh cop of java from where I live. The location is in a quiet little strip mall in Southern Highlands. There's shaded outdoor seating, which worked good even in the summer (in the mornings, that is).   The inside is nice and cozy, and the shelves have board games that you can borrow while you visit.   The staff was very friendly. Since it was my first time, I asked if they had any favorite drinks and they recommended I tried the Moroccan latte. I went for the cold version, and this was a delicious mix of chocolate, hazelnut and cinnamon. I would recommend it too, but it looks like they have a lot of different tasty drinks on the menu.   Also went for the triple berry scone, which was nice and sweet.   Will definitely come back here for a refill. Perk Up also has a drive thru.
2 Very nice atmosphere.  The staff wasn't very excited. She looked like she wanted to kill me.   We got a smart cookie and blended green tea smoothie. Both were alright.   The green tea smoothie tasted nothing like green tea. It tasted like she poured milk and blended and added a scoop of sugar.   Not my favorite place to go. Went to Starbucks right after...
5 As much as I hate to give up the secret of this gem, it is hands down one of my favorite places to study in Vegas. Quick wifi unlike other crowded coffee shops and plenty of table space and OUTLETS!! Family friendly environment and you will always see familiar faces from Southern Highlands.    They have a great atmosphere with games, books and local artwork. Every latte your heart could desire and yet still I always want mine a little different. The baristas always give recommendations and bring everything out to you. I have to stop myself from eating all the fresh baked goods.. So tasty :)  Every friend or family member I have brought here falls in love. My mother doesn't drink coffee and still found something she enjoyed and was able to relax and read a book. You can't do that at Starbucks...
