5 Betty and her staff are the best dog groomers I've ever had.  When I adopted my golden retriever, I took her to Betty's and washed her myself as a way to bond with my new dog.  Betty's facility is so clean and organized, and the staff are sharp, friendly and helpful.  Betty puts so much love into everything she does, and my dog loves going there.  I highly recommend this groomer!
5 It's like this for me. My dog is family, period. There are VERY few groomers I would trust with my Millie. I trust Betty. From what I have seen she is outstanding with animals and knows a great deal about them. The grooming and hygiene care is excellent. Millie may never like getting a bath but she loves Betty and that's what matters most. And you can't beat Betty's prices. I actually pay her more - plus tip - because she is that good (and others prices are much higher). I'm glad to see that this is now Betty's store. There is no other groomer for my Millie and me!
2 Betty's Dog Wash and Groom have fallen down hill. The horrible and un professional customer service from Brian, Bettys husband should be review. You take your precious animal to be groomed and explain that you have 2 hours and then when you come back they are not finished, They actually leave your dog wet on a table to be cleaned. If you think Betty is grooming your dog you  are wrong. She hires and fires groomers on a monthly basis and they are not trained groomers. Please Please be careful and check your animal for any skin infections.. My dog has been to the vet 3 times in the last few months and Betty tries to blame it on other things.. I will never take my child back to Bettys and will tell all my friend to leave this business.
5 Our new rescue puppy had never been to a groomer before. We dropped him off and after 4 hours (he was a little pain in the bum for them) they had him looking so handsome! They shampoo'd him, cut him, trimmed his nails and did the glands. He looked like the cute little Shih tzu he should be. Even after he snapped at the staff, they kept at it until he fully trusted them. Made special efforts to get him comfortable with the noise of the clippers in order to groom him. I will most def be bringing our puppy back to Betty and her staff!!!
5 A great find!  Been going for a couple of years now and use the self-wash.  Shop is clean and do-it-yourself area is well stocked.  Betty is a gem!  I always have her clip toenails after our wash and she is caring and gentle.  Talks to those babies like they are real children!!!  Love, love love it here
5 WE LOVE BETTY!!!!! I have been bringing my dog Shadow to Betty for years now. The price is reasonable, the service is great, and she is so caring/loving with Shadow.  I recently moved from Phx to LA and I make sure EVERY TIME i visit Phx (6-8weeks) I bring shadow to get groomed.
5 We give our German Shepherd baths in the backyard during the hot, summer months, but as soon as it starts to get cooler (i.e., the water gets too cold for Zoe), we bring her in to Betty's shop for a do-it-yourself bath. They supply everything and the facilities are very convenient.   While there, we also get Zoe's nails clipped. Betty has such a good way with the dogs. She's amazing and Zoe's very calm with her.   Price is good, service is great, and the location's so convenient... NEC of Chandler and 48th Street.
5 They did an AMAZING job!! I brought in my 17 week old Shih Tzu in armed with a list of do's and don'ts and some pictures of other Shih Tzu's that I liked and all I can say is wow! They completely exceeded my expectations! When I came in I believe I spoke with the owner and she reassured me everything would be fine and she told me how she understood exactly what I was asking for. Plus it was right across the street. I'm actually looking forward to Mias hair growing out so I can go get her hair done again! lol
4 Stopped in for my first time last night with my 2 pups and couldn't be happier. The pups were well spoiled and looked cute and smelled awesome. The location is very easy to get to as well.
5 We usually have a groomer come to our house, but on a recommendation of a friend, we took our dogs Lola and Berny to Betty's Dog Wash...We were going to wash Lola ourselves because we had special shampoo, but Betty herself said "Go have lunch, enjoy your Sunday!", so we did...We came back in a couple of hours and the dogs were clean and smelled so good and looked so pretty and handsome!  We were concerned about Lola being uncooperative, but Betty and her staff were wonderful with both of them..And the prices are fantastic!...I would highly recommend this place to anyone!
5 spidey, our great pyreneyes has numerous issues and is very sensitive. betty is amazing, her knowledge, patience and caring for our dog has been a blessing. we have been  very happy and grateful for her professionalism, also thanks to brian and the rest of her staff, the best place to take your dog. thank you so much!
5 We found Betty's on the internet... and it was a shot in the dark, but little did we know, it would be a keeper and our " go to " place for all things grooming. Our miniature schnauzer ( Chloe ) was greeted like one of her own and she was given the most precise haircut and blowout in her 10 years of life.  Betty has a passion and a knowledge of dogs that other groomers are lacking and she does it with a consistent enthusiasm that is undeniably sincere and authentic.  We are so grateful to have this gem in our neighborhood!!!  A BIG THANK-YOU from Lynn & Glenn and MIssChloe and her waggin' tail :)
4 This place is great!  Friendly staff, great services, and really reasonable prices.  I took my dog in to get the works and they had her ready in about 2 hrs looking beautiful.  I'd certainly recommend this place.
5 Always wonderful.  Not only does Betty and her staff make my dogs feel so welcome, but she is always so nice and sweet when I come in to drop off and pick up.  I have been coming for several years and always refer her to other people with pets.
5 I had a regular groomer at Petsmart who was a friend of the family and did an excellent job - then she moved out of state. On a Saturday morning I called Betty's to see if they could take my shih-poo for a long over due grooming. I spoke with Betty over the phone and must say she was very pleasant and friendly. I explained what I needed and she understood immediately. Since my husband was dropping her off, he would not be able to explain what I wanted. I was. Glad that I could speak to the groomer ahead of time and that she understood how and what I was trying to explain. After a couple of hours Sweetie was ready and she looked great!! Better than she has in a while even with a 'summer cut'. Sweetie seems happy and I'm sure we'll be back!
5 I have been taking my dogs to Betty's before she bought the business. She groomed my older dog Sam and Kira. I also use the self-dog wash in between grooming. I volunteer for Azrescue, she allows me to bring my foster dogs in for a free self wash. She also grooms our rescue dogs from the "e" list for a discount price! You rock Betty!!!
5 For me Betty is THE BEST!! My puppy TOFI loves her!! The staff is amazing and the service too!!! I always left Tofi with her when my husband and I need to be out of the city and when I pick him up he is always happy!!!  Betty You are the best!!!!!
1 2nd time, can't find a groomer in Ahwatukee since moving here tried another place it was stinky so tried here again - the groomers/owners are great people but I am disappointed with the haircut again and that I can't communicate with them what I want - a normal haircut for yorkies (been able to do in the past).
5 I just picked up sweet Via from Betty's and she is so beautiful and happy!  These people love dogs so much, and the dogs know it.  Thanks, Betty.  What a great way to start my day.
5 Betty is a miracle worker! My little Luna was way overdue for an appointment. I tried to take things into my own hands...lets just say I called Betty right away! She was able to get me in and worked her magic and fixed the damage I had done!! I learned my lesson, and I will now and forever take my baby to Betty!!  Professional, Courteous, Reasonable, Gracious, and really Wonderful People. I would highly recommend anyone to give them a try!!!  You will not regret it!  Thank You again Betty, for making my Luna, Look better than EVER!!!
5 We love this place, they are always very nice and helpful, even when busy!  We never have a problem getting our dog in for an appointment.
5 I am a volunteer with Arizona Border Collie Rescue and was recommended by one of our other volunteers to bring my dogs to Betty. I brought them both once and will NEVER take them anywhere else again! She and her husband are both amazing with them and show them SUCH love!
4 I live in North Phoenix and I drive to east bakery because this place is amazing! Ben going for several years.  Much cheaper than pet smart.
5 I took my Yorkie/Min Pin to Betty's today after reading through some raving reviews on yelp. She did a fantastic job grooming my dog! I've typically always taken her to PetSmart due to their cheap prices, but for a couple more dollars, it's totally worth it to go here. Betty was super friendly and took great care of my dog. She refers to all of her pet clients as "babies," which is adorable. The man behind the counter was also very friendly. They truly pay attention to each person and pet coming through their doors. My pup and I will definitely be back!
5 Thank you Betty for taking such good care of my baby!  I brought Paisley my 10 month old puppy to Betty for the first time yesterday! I called that morning and they got me in that afternoon!  Betty did an awesome job! Especially considering how dirty Paisley was. She also had a couple of mats that Betty was able to get out not just shave out!  I was concerned with how long it took at first (she quoted me 2 1/2-3 hrs) but getting her back I can see why! She looks, smells, and feels amazing!  The last place I brought Paisley only took an hour BUT the job was not far as good! They didn't even tip her ears. It looked like a groom job I could do at home... And i just do a bath and brush lol So I went on a search for another groomer... So glad we found Betty!  When I came to pick her up Betty and another groomer were taking pictures and swooning over her! I was truly happy picking her up knowing she was in such good hands
5 Moved to Ahwatukee recently and was looking for a groomer for my Goldens. Found this place on yelp and took them in today. Wow, the quality of their work was amazing. My dogs coats have never felt so soft. The customer service was excellent. Highly recommend this business. We will be back.
1 Doesn't work well under pressure!  I was told my dog was going to be ready between 2-3hrs which is usual so I decided to stay around the area. After 3hrs thinking it would only be a few more minutes I showed up and took a sit in the waiting are. Betty noticed I was there and followed to tell me my dog wasn't ready, I said it was OK  that I was going to wait there. I noticed other people were paying upfront so I asked the friendly gentleman there if I could do the same, he said yes but Betty came out to finish my transaction and proceeded to tell me that next time I should let her know if I am in a hurry, that she had to stop what she was doing to work on my dog (even though I had an appointment) and that if I didn't like waiting she wouldn't have a problem with me going somewhere else (a different groomer). Despite me being extremely offended, I did not answer to that but will for sure go to a different place after being a customer for 1.5 yrs. I did not have a problem waiting 4hrs for my dog but her attitude was uncalled for. She may not notice or care that she has lost a customer but I hope she learns from it and shows more respect for the ones she still has.
4 Love this place and Betty!  She is so warm and friendly and you can tell she loves animals.  The only thing keeping me from five stars is that sometimes appointments take a really long time, but after trying out another groomer closer to where I live, I've realized the long appointments are worth it.  Betty's can't be beat!
5 I had my Lab and Maltese in last week and they did a wonderful job on both.  They are professional and know how to cut properly. They are super nice people with a "can do" attitude.  Their prices and availability are good.  Will return to this groomer in the future.
5 My puppy loves Betty's she is always happy and ready to go home. Previous groomers she has been terrified like she is being hurt. Not Betty's she is happy and healthy. They can always get her in and she always looks good they even notify you if something comes up like a cracked nail or blemish on the skin so you can keep an eye on it. I will always bring my dogs to Betty's it's worth every dollar
5 So happy to have found this place! Our rescue dog is terrified of everything and so I hated taking her to the big chain stores where they're cold and like an assembly line.  She was greeted so warmly here and, despite being really busy, I received great service.  Cheaper, faster, friendlier, and overall better quality than any other place we've been.  We'll continue going here from now on for sure.  Oh, and we got in on a Sunday during a holiday weekend, with no appointment, just a quick call ahead!
5 Absolutely love Betty's! Our Golden Retriever, Fenway, loves going and he looks great every time we pick him up. Thanks for taking such good care of our sweet pup and making him look so nice; we'll never take him anywhere else.
1 I am not happy with this business.  We received a new dog and found out she was 10 months old and had not received any shots or veterinarian care. So we took him right away to get his vaccination shots but they said be careful the first couple of weeks who he is around (for his safety as he was healthy!). He needed grooming so we called several groomers and asked if they accepted dogs without shot records.  (where we lived before most will not accept dogs w/o updated shot records). To my surprise several that I called said yes that is normal!  I talked to Betsy and I believe her husband or manager and asked them both if they cared for shelter dogs, as I of course did not want him around any dogs who had not been vaccinated.  They said no,  so I made his appointment.  When I picked him up there was a man from a 'No Kill' shelter dropping off a dog.  I said, I asked you and your wife if you took shelter dogs,  you said you did NOT take shelter dogs....... !!!! His answer was ...Well your dog is in the check-out room so he never passed or came in contact with the other dog!!!!!!!........... I said well then you flat out lied to me because I specifically asked several times if you accepted shelter dogs here and you said NO!!  I cannot believe the owner of this company would put his clients dogs in danger without making it clear as to what kind of business practices they follow!!!  I would not have taken the chance and taken my dog here if they had been honest. .................Really, .NO, actually we had  full conversation and I did not even think she was Hispanic, I though maybe arab or ????
5 We take all three of our Pembroke Welsh Corgis to Betty's - both in the self wash and for professional grooming. They do a fantastic job! Ein has dry skin and they offered to try an oil treatment at no cost to see how he would do. His fur was the softest I've ever felt it and his skin was not irritated. They even went out of their way to use a gentler oatmeal shampoo for him. They are also great about making last minute appointments and their fees are very reasonable compared to other groomers I have been to. My dogs HATE Petsmart grooming (they start crying as soon as we walk in) but they LOVE Betty's!
5 Betty's Dog Wash & Grooming is THE BEST! Wonderful customer service, and they groom my dogs so well. I also happen to know the owners and groomers personally, and they are great people. Every time I take my dogs in, it's such a wonderful experience. My dogs are excited, and they leave clean, fluffy, beautiful, and happy! I've brought them in for groomers, baths, and also done the self-wash. They always call me during the groom if there are any problems, or if they find ticks on my dogs. I like that. It lets me know that they aren't trying to scam me by adding on things without my permission and waiting until I pick my pets up to tell me. I will continue to bring my pets here, and recommend Betty's to everyone I know.   Not only do they do a great job and are wonderful, sweet people... but they TRULY care about animals. They rescued a litter of kittens and helped to find them wonderful homes, and they do grooming for rescue dogs that need to find homes. How can you not like that? I've always been active in the rescue community, and that makes me like them even more. Kudos to you, Betty & Brian! Keep doing what you are doing. You are fantastic! :)
5 We love taking our dogs to Betty's. They are so friendly and make you feel like family. They truly love animals and it shows in the amazing work they do!
5 We've taken our Chow and Australian Shepherd to Betty's for the last year, pretty much monthly. We have found them to be friendly and helpful and prices reasonable. They do a fantastic job-- offer services like oatmeal baths, hot oil treatments, nail sanders and more.  Recommended!
