3 For some reason I never get a chance to eat before my flight home.   Thank goodness for Popeye's chicken inside the airport.  The food is always fresh and tasty.   The price is high as I don't know what..however so is everything else at the airport!
3 Y'all know I love dat chicken at Popeyes, but this time I have to kivetch a bit. I was not fortunate to land in the appropriate C terminal where this is located and had a long walk to the venue to get some long awaited Cajun yard bird! But alas ... I found it to be twice the cost of regular Popeyes anywhere else and then...it happened. I walked back to my terminal to eat my bounty only to find that the order was shorted!!! I cried for a moment until I realized that I was being forced on a diet by the fried chicken Gods. I know that's not right! The remaining piece was seasoned as I like it...spicy. The biscuit was also non greasy at second glance. I was disappointed that the famous dirty rice seems to have a new recipe and it is less desirable than previous experience.  Y'all know I'm gonna go back again though. I just will pay more attention and review my order to ensure higher satisfaction later .
5 i thought i was still drunk when i stumbled upon a popeyes. A MOTHER EFFING POPEYES IN THE AIRPORT!!!! WTF??? God is good. and i was still drunk.  after a mad March Madness weekend, i needed something fried and chicken to help me get through the corridors at McCarran. enter Popeyes. two words for you. WOW. WOW. i thought it was a mirage. and the prices were pretty reasonable. $9 for 2 pieces, a biscuit and coleslaw. 8 mins later i was smitten. i was just full of smite. you could hit quads on the river to beat my flopped nut flush and i would still be full of glee after eating here. it was soooo gewd! washed down with some diet pepsi (of course) and i was ready to sit at my gate and wait. and nap.   POPEYES IS THE BEST FOOD OPTION IN THE AIRPORT. *ANY* AIRPORT.  take that to the bank.
4 Surprised there are not more reviews for this place, Popeye's in the airport? I had to... and it was SO good. I don't even remember the last time I had Popeye's, but that was so worth it. $7.99 for 2 piece chicken combo w/ one side, a biscuit and a drink. Chicken was tasted freshly cooked, not like it had been sitting out all day in grease. The mashed potatoes came with gravy and were really tasty. I got BBQ sauce also, which was an extra $.64 cents?   Anyways, this place is perfect if you're on your way home, possibly hungover and want something savory and hearty.
5 Although this location (since it was in the airport) had a more limited menu, I am definitely a fan of popeyes. They have very good juicy chicken, catfish, love their rice and beans. I wish they had more locations throughout the city because they put kfc to shame.  This was my first time ordering breakfast from them (because I had a morning flight) and I ordered their chicken and biscuit and added an egg. WOW it was good.  I will say that their orange juice was very small though (maybe it's an airport thing, I don't know)  but I will definitely go back to any location
2 Let me tell you about this popeye's. They don't let you substitute your side dishes. Unlike the regular popeye's "if you don't want your biscuit you can substitute for more mashed potatoes." Food is greasy you know how it is with fry food. While "Till next time my food lover.. till next time."
4 Louisiana fast!  I haven't had Popeye's in forever mostly due to all the locations in Denver being in undesirable parts of town but it was right in the middle of our terminal at the airport so why not?  Oh lord, I forgot how delicious their grub is! I got the chicken biscuit and their biscuit are flaky, fluffy and buttered to perfection, their chicken has just the right amount of crunch with a kick of spice that made it almost impossible to not scarf down in seconds.   The employees weren't the most personable but oh well, I really wouldn't expect that much pizazz from a fast food place in the airport.
3 When I eat fast food on the road I love me some Popeyes!  Always delicious.  This time did not disappoint.  Good and fresh but the ladies behind the counter chatted with each other more than they spoke with the cusotmers.
3 I like fried chicken, I perhaps would say that I'm a fried chicken fanatic.  Normally I like Popeyes any chicken that is spicy.  The chicken here wasn't spicy enough and the outside and breading wasn't crispy and crunchy enough.  Regardless, for airport for it's pretty good.
4 Located down by Southwest terminal. This Popeye's have some of the best chicken that I've had to date. Hot and fresh spicy chicken strips with mash potatoes and gravy with the buttery bisquit and I'm sleep on the flight home!
1 Worst service ever. No "hello" and no "thank you". Refused to give me a cup of ice or ice water even though I would pay extra. Wow!
5 They close at 9pm but saw me drooling so took my order and hooked me up. Love the chicken love the service. Way to go the extra mile for your customers
