5 Okay, I haven't written a Yelp review in an inexcusably long period of time, but the experience I had with Pat Davis of Cat Groomer 602 inspired me. I have what you could describe as a somewhat difficult cat. She is a ball of fun and wonder 99% of the time, except for the 1% of the time I make her do something she doesn't want to, like ride in the car, clip her nails, make her be nice to strangers etc. Usually grooming for my cat isn't even an option because it involves waaaay too many of the things that she doesn't like, and my poor baby is traumatized for days afterwards.  Until I met Pat that is. I came across Pat's business Cat Groomer 602 on Yelp actually when I was looking for a new groomer as I have a house guest coming in to town who is not pro-cat, we'll say and I wanted to minimize the unpleasantries for her. Pat is different from every other mobile grooming service because Pat comes INTO YOUR HOUSE to do the grooming. Gone are the days when you even have to drag your cat kicking and screaming down the stairs and out to the van to be groomed. She sets up shop in one of your bathrooms, and in about an hour, your cat is gleaming, soft, smelling amazing and most importantly loose hair free. Pat used all top of the line Furminator products and even brought my cat a little blinged out necklace with her initial on it. Totally above and beyond the call of duty.  And last but not least, my cat by some miracle, did not hate Pat. My cat hates just about everyone that isn't me. Let alone someone hosing her down with solution and water? Un-freaking heard of. Her manor is amazing. She did the majority of the grooming with my cat in her lap for crying out loud. She loves cats, has over 30 years of experience, and I could not recommend her any more. If you have a cat who hates to be groomed, do yourself a favor and give Pat a call. She will make it SO much easier than you ever dreamed possible.
5 Wow, she is fantastic! How great to have someone come to you and she is great with knowledge and a natural with my cat. Definitely doing once a month now. Pat is awesome!
4 My cat can be a lovey little cuddle bug or a huge asshole. When it comes time for me to comb him or trim his nails he makes it his goal to inflict pain and injury, and I want to kick him to the curb .  But he never seems to do that with others.    So in looking for a groomer that would come to me and my sometimes ferocious 14lb cat, I called Pat at Cat Groomer 602.  She asked me to prepare a restroom, with enough room for her folding table and room for her to move easily.  She arrived early and set up quickly.  I took my ball of fur into the bathroom, introduced him to Pat and closed the door behind me.  He was nervous and so was I.  I had 911 on speed dial in case he went for her jugular.  I heard some soft coos from Pat as she talked to him calmly.  I could hear his nervous meows.  At one point I look toward the restroom door and see a wet little paw and furry wet arm stick out from under the door crying to escape.   She managed to finish, he was cleaner and his coat thinner and lighter.  While it wasn't as as much fur removed from his furry pants as I would have liked, I didn't hold it against her.  She cleaned up behind herself and left my little guy a little homemade catnip toy.    Even after all his drama that I heard from him while being groomed, he was pretty chill and relaxed after all was said and done.
5 Pat was very professional and I really appreciated having her come to my house to groom my cat.  My kitty hates me to brush her and had developed hairballs on her hind legs.  I thought they would need to be cut off but Pat said she would brush them out and showed me the correct comb to use and the proper way to comb the hair.  She then got to work and my kitty is hairball free, soft and sweet smelling from her bath. She cleaned everything up after she was done. It wasn't the cheapest grooming my cat has had but it was the least stressful and she is more playful and happier with her her new fur-do.
5 Both my kitties had dirty coats, so Pat came to our home and gave them a good cleaning.  The matted areas underneath were shaved, and the kitties came out clean as expected. She used the Furminator on both these long haired kitties which was so needed, too.   But the real reason we hired Pat is that we wanted this initial experience with bathing to be a gentle and nonfrightening one for both cats--and it seems it was.  We will not hesitate to use Pat again. Pat has a great deal of practical advice and knowledge in her when it comes to grooming your pet, so pick her brain if you wish as she is very generous with sharing the information she has. Thank you for the good job, Pat.  We will see you again here I am sure.
5 My cat has super long fur that has always been too much for him to maintain. I have taken him to Petco and Petsmart to get shaved every 6 mos or so for a few years and have had a range of experiences from horrible to pretty good.   My classmate told me about Pat and NEVER AGAIN will I go to Petco or Petsmart!! Pat came to my house, on time, on a Saturday (which was super convenient and so much better than trying to get an appointment at one of the pet stores whose hours for cat grooming are always EXTREMELY limited). She was prepared, efficient and had an obvious love for animals. She set up in my bathroom and was calming and talking to my kitty throughout the entire process.  I was surprised at how inexpensive it was for everything she did, the fact that she drove out, the flexible hours, etc.   I will never go through the stress of: -calling around multiple pet stores to find one that even HAS a cat groomer -calling around multiple pet stores to find one that has hours that work with my schedule -packing my cat in a carrier/the awful car ride to the pet store` -waiting in line while my cat freaks out/tries to escape bc he's scared of the new smells, sounds and animals -coming back to pick up my cat to find that they didn't shave his fur correctly or in the style that I asked for -finding that my cat soiled his carrier bc they left him in too long or didn't call me to come get him   I would definitely recommend Pat if you need to get your cat groomed!
