5 I'm a regular at Barrique's.    Madison has no shortage of coffee shops with free wifi.  Most coffee shops in Madison are friendly to students, accommodating with outlets and Barrique's is no exception.  What makes Barrique's my regular haunt over other coffee shops though is their tea.    I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to good tea.  It's difficult not to be a snob when my dad is also a tea enthusiast and I've grown up drinking tea he personally selected and brings back on his trips to China and Taiwan.  I really can't fault coffee shops for serving tea not to my standards.  They are, after all, COFFEE shops, but when they do offer tea that I enjoy, I can't help but become a regular.  Their Jasmine Pearl tea is what I most often go for.  I enjoy the Park Street location because it's well lit, with beautiful windows.
5 I loved their intricate coffee types and decor that looked very eco friendly. I wish I had known that this location was so close to the lake earlier on during the summer so I could have enjoyed it but nonetheless I will definitely be grabbing a cup of coffee to go, bundling up and walking along the lake!
2 I'm usually a big fan of Barriques, but this location has one problem that is the reason for the two-star rating and why I won't go back. The coffee shop doesn't ventilate properly, so I leave the shop smelling like smoky bacon and have to change my clothes and shower so I can bear myself. I really hope this gets fixed so I can return, but for now I'll go to their other locations.
5 SOOO barriques. As some of you may know... I FREAKIN LOVE BARRIQUES. I must hold down my excitement to review this particular location though. Barriques coffee, tea, and treats? EXCELLENT  This particular location has a lot going for it and some not so much. The things I like most about it, is the location and the interior. This location is found right smack dab on the corner of Fish Hatchery Road and Park Street which is a HUGELY traveled intersection near downtown Madison. Plenty of sitting space, some comfy chairs and even a darkened area that seems... I don't know, quaint. It isn't super busy every time I have been here but it isn't dead either. Staff has been sometimes inattentive and once or twice downright rude but it only happened once or twice so I won't hold it against them. They also have an internet area in the back I think. I tend to stay toward the front of the store so I am not sure but I thought that was a really nice addition. 9 out of 10 times the store is spotless and finally it isn't cramped.  Now onto some not so nice things (Sad Face). So the things I dislike most about this location are 1. the bathroom, and yes I know it seems mundane but if you read some of my other reviews this can make or break it. It isn't always as clean as it could be to put it nicely.   Another issue I have, Ironically enough, is the location. I know I said I enjoy the location and I do but it is right on the main drag so if you are there on a nice summers day or around 8:00, 12:00, or 4-6:00, all you will see is bustling traffic. Which, if you are trying to relax, is not the first thing that springs to mind. The other issue is that it doesn't seem to be as busy as it should be for being where it is. Why isn't that place packed all day! The reason I have found for this is that there is not much parking without walking a bit, which is great in the summer maybe or if your younger, but not so much in the winter. There is street parking but it is regulated so much that you would end up moving your car anyway. They have about 6 spots along the back of store but thats it.  So because I love their coffee and atmosphere so much this place gets a difficult 5 stars. The reason if because I don't want to have to park on a greatly busy street and cleanliness of the bathroom. Otherwise? Great staff, Free WiFi, Great coffee, Great Decor, Great Food, And Great Coffee... Oh did I say they had Great coffee too?
3 You will really like Barriques if you go on a good day. Otherwise, you might not be impressed. I have been there enough times to see both, so the inconsistency is why I am giving this place 3 stars.  Wine, Coffe, Bakery and small menu sounds great, right?  Their coffee is usually pretty great. They have some delicious wine choices as well. However, it takes an inordinate amount of time to get food considering what they serve (soup, salad, sandwich). The food is usually pretty good, but not work waiting 30 minutes for a salad, I feel. The bakery is hit or miss. I just had an incredibly good chocolate raspberry cupcake that I HIGHLY recommend, but their scones are sometimes burnt.   Overall, Barriques is a 4-5 on a good day and a 2 on a bad one. If they sped up service and became a little more consistent, it could be really great.
4 Great, sunlit place where you can stay as long as you like! They also have a cave-like seating area with warm incandescent lighting if you prefer. Their drip coffee is strong enough to be gourmet, but somehow the way they brew makes it not quite as strong as I like. (I prefer their espresso drinks.) Delicious wraps and interesting wines, if you're into that. Hassle-free parking compared to the location on West Washington!
3 The same old, the same old - why does the barrique service so slow during 80% of my visit? That coupled with unenthusiastic cashier always makes me a sad panda. The redeeming part of barrique is that they are open until 9pm. That I can appreciate. This one on the Park St also opens at 6:30 on Saturday, and I appreciate that, too. But other than that, why would I come here when I can go to Cargo.
5 I love Barriques. They have good coffee, wonderful ambiance, free wi-fi and tasty food. Plus you can always grab a bottle of wine and some cool funky home decorations while you are there, talk about multi-tasking. Even my hubby who doesn't normally drink coffee will do an iced coffee when we go. Hmm, just writing this review is making me think that I should head there soon and work from there today!
4 In a word: neat.  The person I was meeting was late, which gave me a chance to peruse the wall-o-wine.  Good coffee, parking kinda stinks, but overall nice little hang out.  It makes me want to show up with my laptop so I can look like I'm doing something important while quaffing top-rate coffee.    Okay...Yelping.
5 Caffeine- YES, Same great business- YES! Character- YES! Convenient location- YES! I am a fan of all of the Barriques and I love that each one has its own character. This one is in a fun spot right on the corner of Park and Fish Hatchery Road.   Love all the fine visual details they put into this building.  Tons of industrial elements; wood accent walls, gears, metal, and glass give this location a cozy feel without being too hipster.  It has two main areas to sit, the wide open main area and a cozy nook that will make you feel like you are sitting in a big tree house.  Yep, it's your own club house for people that like caffeine.   As always, the coffee is spectacular and consistent.   They have some of their yummy food options here too, which is great for on the go or grabbing a bite to stay the afternoon. They have parking spots, around 8 or so max.  That's the only problem if the lot is full, otherwise I have nothing but great things to say about my favorite local coffee chain.
4 I like this place a little more than most coffee shops in Madison...they have a good variety of soups/sandwich selection and their tea selection is a notch above the rest. Two things have me holding back on the 5th star: parking and clientele. Parking can be overlooked, except that the clients seem to come in and sit for hours. Many bike here, but too many do not. Also - they really have some loud, verging on rude, conversations. The hipster element is a little too much at times.
4 Barriques has reliably good coffee, rich and well brewed. They have honey and real spoons at the fixings stand, a big plus for those of us picky people who can't stand defiling coffee with sugar or wooden stir sticks. Their lunchtime offerings are surprisingly good, as well. An extensive wine collection pretty much covers one wall. I don't know of any other place in town that carries Zapp's potato chips, a treat from New Orleans. Nice place to hang out, and it works for business meetings, too. Solid 4 stars from me.
