4 This location just opened earlier this week at the corner of Rainbow and Robindale. I know 4 stars might be a little excessive for a fast food joint, but considering I've got a huge sweet tooth (that's why I was a fat kid) I'm giving them high marks for their sweet stuff. I love me some Blizzards, especially the strawberry cheesequake. This place is a grill and chill, so they've got all the fried and greasy food you would expect from a fast food restaurant. They also have a small patio area if you want to gaze out into the picturesque view of the Rainbow/Robindale intersection (yeah, that was my poor attempt at sarcasm).  The staff is obviously still in the process of training. When I ordered my blizzard the girl had no idea how to ring it up. But everyone was very nice and friendly. After you order they'll bring the food out to your table.  TIP: If you sign up for the fan club on the DQ web site they'll send you a coupon for a free 16 oz blizzard w/ the purchase of another 16 oz blizzard.
5 If you've got that tickle for something sweet, this is where me and the hubs [drive-thru] to satiate the sweet tooth. I haven't tried any of the burgers or any non-dessert items - but their soft serve in any form is just what the doctor ordered.  The blizzards in the mini size is just the right amount, the small is certainly shareable, and the medium or large is if you feel like living on the edge or eating your daily calorie allotment all in one sitting. And don't forget the different types of candy in the blizzards you can choose from.  If you want to go the simple route - i go with a chocolate dipped vanilla cone - which also comes in varying sizes.  I think the greatest thing about dairy queen is it evokes memories of summer or hanging out with friends and/or family and is right around the corner from home.
4 Small restaurant, seating areas available, Drive-Thru and great service.   We visit this location when we're looking to get a cold sweet fix.
4 When it comes to Ice Cream at Dairy Queen nothing beats the Reese Peanut Butter Blizzard with Brownies...  This is one of those treats that should only be had once in a while as too keep from going into sugar overload.  This DQ is located in a nice shopping center where you can grab a dinner then head over for dessert... For me this visit was a sweet tooth needing an infusion of Peanut Butter & Chocolate!!! It was all that I needed the warm brownie chunks smothered in hot fudge, Vanilla Ice cream,  broken pieces of Reese Cups, & Creamy Peanut Butter all that slammed in a Blizzard Cup... Damn it was so good!!!!  The staff seemed overwhelmed when given more than three customers...  The girl working the register was totally lost after taking all our orders forgetting what orders where for who... Maybe that night she was new not sure but over all My Blizzard was Awesome so hats off to the Kid in the back making my order...  Overall: Great Blizzard Good Customer Service Good Location
2 Tip jar in the drive-thru window....real bad form! It's time the franchise management to make some changes.
3 The drive through staff is really friendly and patient with my indecisive self. I usually just come for my usual and favorite Julius Strawberry Banana. The food is obviously not of great quality, as I think their main highlight here are the shakes. Great food deals, but portions are small. VERY SMALL. I only grab food here when I'm dying of starvation, and is craving a smoothie at the same time. It's just efficient to kill two birds with one stone this way.
1 This review is about this DQ's service and product:  Product: My husband and I ordered a hot fudge sundae and a dipped cone from the DQ drive thru. His hot fudge sundae came exactly the way it was supposed, however, when the drive thru rep handed us my order, she gave me a plain vanilla cone. I had advised that it was supposed to be dipped. After about a minute or so, she handed me my dipped cone. Now, I have been to this Dairy Queen several times and what was handed me was a vanilla cone with a very very very thin layer of chocolate around the ice cream (please see picture). I have ordered this item in the past and never has the chocolate looked like that. Yes, I'm complaining about the amount of chocolate that was used on my cone, but specifically the quality and presentation is what I really had a problem with.   Service: I went into the DQ and politely asked to speak with someone. When the manager approached me I advised that I was a bit dissatisfied with the end result. He stated, "The chocolate is too hot and that's why it looks like that on the ice cream". There was no apology, and in fact, I'm a bit sad at the way he made me feel as if I was bothering him. I asked just for a new plain vanilla cone instead. As he walked away to make it, he looked over his shoulder and said, "You can throw that one away". I did. He came back and handed me a plain cone and said nothing. At this point, I was so surprised with the lack of customer service that I took the cone and walked out. There was no sincerity or apology. Not that I was looking for that, but I do expect to be treated at least somewhat nicely as I was not irate or even mad about the situation until the manager told me to throw my original order away. In addition, there was no refund for the difference. I know we're talking about small change here, but being the manager he should have at least refunded me for the difference.   I understand they were busy, but I can't understand being treated like a bother. Although this place is just a few blocks away from me, I would rather go out of my way for ice cream than ever go here again.
4 Small but cozy location, had a chicken wrap and onion rings along with a chocolate shake. All the employees were super nice, place was clean and even the manager came out during our meal and asked if we needed anything and checked on the food taste and quality. That kind of service means a repeat customer!
4 I am a huge fan of most frozen treats. Dairy Queen is no exception. If I just don't care about calories, I am going through the drive through for a mint oreo blizzard. The kid in me cannot resist and they jam pack it with cookie goodness.
1 Ordered 2 medium caramel oreo cheesequake Blizzards with extra cheesecake through the drive thru on 10/25/2013 at 5 pm. I found a bloody bandaid in my mouth. I assume it came from the blizzard because it was the only thing I was eating at the time. Tony the store manager was very apologetic. He was working that day and remembered me coming through the drive thru. Tony spoke with the owner and he was authorized to offer me a FREE large caramel oreo cheesequake Blizzard to replace the one that had a used band aid in it.   I offered him a FREE large caramel oreo cheesequake blizzard for chewing a bloody bandaid. He declined.
1 Don't go to the one on Rainbow in southwest area. The employees are rude and not apologetic at all. Especially around 10am- 12 pm. A simple way to address a customer if you can't offer something is to say " I'm sorry unfortunately we can't offer that until 11am." Not " I can't do that my computer won't let me" (with a rude tone) and then still rude because you can't hear thru the telecom. Since he couldn't hear me a female had to finish the order and she was just as rude. My suggestion is do not buy at the DQ on Rainbow.  I'm assuming they are usually servicing students so they think they can talk to people the way they do. I wouldn't even rate this location a 1 star.
5 I been to this location several times; i always got excellence serviced. the foods  also always came out hot and fresh. Very satisfied!
4 I never have DQ but tonight I had that Blizzard urge from outta nowhere.  Smooth and easy transaction at the counter.  She was very helpful and NO band-aid in it.
2 At any Dairy Queen any product you order is going to be near identical. The true challenge lies in consistency of product, speed, and customer service. Out of those three options that are important to me, we have strikes one and two.  This location is always on the ball and has not messed up an order of mine to this date. However, the customer service needs a little work. During after-hours, the drive-thru can really line up. This is understandable if the place is busy but the drive-thru pace is reminiscent of the terrible traffic on the Long Island Expressway I came to Vegas to escape. The intercom system in which you place your order is highly ineffectual, many times leaving the employee annoyed enough for you to hear it in the inflection in their voice. Kind of reminds me of the 'And then...' scene from "Dude, Where's my Car?"
2 I clean a house in the area once or twice a month and always take my lunch break here. The $5 dollar lunch is a great deal! Usually I get tons of fry's and 3 chicken tenders. This time the chicken was tiny and I got a child sized handful of COLD AND STALE fry's. Needless to say that prompted me to review the whole place.  Every time I come here they can't understand me through the intercom. Than they get fed up with ME! And start to get rude. I don't know if they know it's not my problem OR MAYBE they think I'm being annoying, so they spit in my stuff. Either way, I don't appreciate the attitude. $5 lunch deals aren't even worth it!
1 Warning- they will always ask you if you want extra topping on your blizzard!! Then they never give you any extra topping. I love blizzards but I'm never going back to this place.  If you must get a blizzard here don't pay for the extra topping !! It's a trick.   Also I called in after a couple visits because I was fed up and asked that they make me a real blizzard or give me some more butterfinger but the girl refused.
1 I felt like i was getting ignored when i walked in since no one wanted to help me. found someones hair in my ice cream and fries. Would not ever go back
