5 We've been coming here for a long time now. Always very friendly, great service. Very clean and nice.  We've been seeing Jayme and just love her!
2 The owner colored my hair and put a rinse on it.  Hair turned green and very dry.  I got a second opinion and was told my hair was too porous to ever have a rinse put on it. That person agreed my hair was green. I told the owner what happened. She responded: "you are someone who should just let your hair go natural" and turned her back on me.  I have been coloring my hair for 40 years.  When I first went to her it was because of another issue (breakage after color) and she thought the other person should have refunded my money. Not only did she not offer a refund, she summarily and rudely dismissed me  (and in front of other people). I was not asking for a refund but was hoping for some suggestions to address the texture and color. Since then I have gone elsewhere and have an excellent color again.
5 Studio C is a bright, friendly and knowledgeable Salon.  Christie, the owner is always there to offer help and information on any and all of their products.  Just recently, I was inquiring about the Skin Care Line that they carry, which is the Rhonda Allison line.  Christie was informative and then directed me to her aesthetician, Jayme, who I received the most delicious facial, using the Rhonda Alison line.  It was THE BEST facial I have ever received!  It also included  a wonderful foot and arm massage.  Yummy!  Also, I get my haircut there, also.  My technician is Lauren.  She is right there with the cutting edge on how to cut and style hair.  Mine is short and fine and requires a certain edgy cut.   She is right on it!   Thanks to all, Christie, Lauren, and Jayme!  It is always a treat to come to your salon and be greeted with a friendly atmosphere and great pampering.
5 Amazing experience and excellent customer service!   The salon is well decorated in white and citrus green, very well kept and clean and they carry a great variety of beauty products.  I had a full set of lash extensions (first time ever) with Jayme and she a fantastic job!  She made sure I was comfortable through the entire session.   The manager, Lori, checked in with me and made sure that I was happy with the services I received.  Will be going back for my fills and to try the other services they provide - definitely recommend!!
5 If you are thinking about getting eyelash extensions you must go to Rachel Lee. I have been going to her for over a year and wouldn't dare think about going anywhere else. I have had extensions done by others in the past but none have looked as good or last as long as Rachel's work.  She makes my lashes full, thick and long, however, they don't look fake.  I constantly have people commenting on how beautiful my nature lashes are.  Everyone is stunned when I tell them they are lash extensions.  If you want to get your lashes done you are in great hands with Rachel!!!
5 Studio C Hair Salon was very clean and tastefully decorated.   I was greeted immediately and the staff was friendly and professional.  The salon uses Kerastase hair products and their staff creates cutting edge hair styles.   My hair was in drastic need of a highlight and cut.  My stylist was Lori and this was my first time having my hair cut by her.  Lori spent a great deal of time with me talking over the color and style that I wanted.  She highlighted and colored my hair.  This was my first experience with coloring my hair and I truly loved the color and highlights she put in my hair.   I expressed to Lori that I wanted her to show me how to style my hair when I do it on my own.  The cut was versatile and able to be worn a few different ways.  Lori took the time to teach me how to style my hair in a variety of ways.   Prior to leaving I booked another hair appointment with Lori because I was thrilled with my haircut and color.  Lori did an amazing job on my hair.  I truly appreciated her attention to detail and the time she took with me.  I look forward to all of my future cut and colors with Lori.
5 This was an awesome salon!! Went in because of a Groupon deal for nails and now I think I will try it out when I get my hair done. Leah was the sweetest and did a fantastic job on my nails. The whole staff seemed really nice and welcoming. At first they couldn't fit me in for an appt but asked for my number and called me back soon after and got me in! Beautiful salon and extremely clean. I can't wait to try everything else out!!
