1 Completely tried to take advantage of me by quoting me way above a regular price. Plus I waited an hour just for them to give me a quote. Will not ever go to this location again!
1 This is the worst tire shop I have ever used. I took in my mint collectable wheel/ tire to be repaired due to a nail. After I got home I was shocked to see nicks in four different spots all over the wheel. My wheel was ruined. Never take any thing to this horrible place. After arguing for a while they wanted me to leave the wheel with them for a few days to get the big gauges in the metal "buffed" out. I never bothered to take my wheel as I have no confidence these guys repairing my wheel. If there was a zero star I would give it to them. Walmart across probably does a better job repairing a tires than this place! Stay away form this place.
5 overall very happy with my visit staff was super nice fixed my flat in the time they said it would no complaints from me
1 Super slow and quoted a time and the car was still untouched in the parking lot when the time came to be done.
5 I have been to this store 3 times for tire repairs.  They always repair my tires free of charge even though I did not buy my tires there.  My car still has the org. tires on it and they just ask that I come see them when I need new tires, which I will.  This last time I had to wait a while, but that is just the nature of the beast with car repair.  They even rotated my tires for free as well on this last visit. Very friendly staff and easy to deal with.
1 Where to start?!?!?!?! I first called to make a appointment and a man answered and was playing on the phone, whispering and hung up on me so I assumed I had the wrong number, but I got the number off yellow pages. So I waited a hour and called back and I had the correct  number. I had a issues with a battery that I brought from another location and it had a warranty on it. I talked to Cory and he told me that it was ok that I came in at 515 after I got off from work and got the battery and a oil change. I got to big o at 515. And Cory was the only one working at the front so I stood and waited while he was in the phone. I waited 10 minutes and he didn't even acknowledge me standing in front of him and he took 3 different phone calls. Finally he talked to me and I told him why I was there and he asks for my battery receipt which I gladly gave. Then I reminded him that I needed a oil change and he told me no I came too late. I reminded him that he told me that it was ok that I came at 515 after work. He said yes but he thought that I would have came earlier.... Horrible experience with this big o from the start!!!!
1 needed an oil change. Got there at 11am and they quoted my wait time at being around an hour. After four hours without a call I went back to see my car untouched in the parking lot. I went back home(five minutes away). I came back right before the place closed to get my car. they finally got done after I arrived! THEY TOOK A TOTAL OF SEVEN HOURS TO DO AN OIL CHANGE!  This really wasn't a big deal until the whole oil change went bad. I had asked and rechecked that they would be putting 10w30 synthetic oil in my car because its usually 5W30. I got home to find on the receipt that the oil was 5W20. Now I will be going back in to get this redone.  They BIGGEST mistake they made which really caught me off guard while driver home was the tire rotation. Whatever they did to my tires, it makes my steering wheel jerk to the right.   I will never go back there again!
1 Stay away from these crooked bums. Why 1 star, because they wont allow 0. So I bring my car in for 2 $61 Tires, told it will be 170 then show up and my bill is $233?  "broken lug nuts" really.. i did the brakes about 1 month ago and they were fine then. They they tried to upsell me on all fluids including the tranny fluid which was done about 10k miles ago and the coolant which was done about the same time.  It gets better...  Driving home I hear a loud bang. nothing after that so keep going. I get home and as IM pulling into my neighborhood starts to overheat. I get out pop hood and the radiator cap is 1/2 off. That was my blow, the radiator cap was not put on correctly. They are lucky I didnt blow my engine and get a free engine out of them. STAY AWAY from the crooks that work here.
5 Brought my suv in in December as I was on a seven week roadtrip from MN and my friends insisted I have my "new" vehicle checked over by their son....  I did and he did a great job!  I have since moved back to the valley and brought my truck in again.  Everyone in the shop is so friendly and honest, it's refreshing and nice to see.  I will certainly be back for routine maintenance and the battery they recommended.  Thanks for providing the area with an honest, friendly shop to take vehicles to!
5 I have always used BigO over many years This location is bad! After waiting hours for call back on tires I needed I finally called back 3x. Put on hold each time. Finally told it would take 3 days to order. Really?! Called another store and went right in and got tires.   Poor service!  Use another location folks. These people don't know what they're doing!!!!
5 My son had a blowout and spun into gravel, blowing another tire. I had car towed to this location before they opened and  they took awesome care of me and my car! I told MACK what I was looking to do and how I wanted the car inspected for damage and it was done perfectly, as well as within budget.  Their communication was excellent and they had three different estimates done for me as requested and went through them line by line.... VERY SATISFIED...HONEST SHOP...I'll BE BACK- THANKS MACK!
1 So there used to be a manager named ADAM here.   Really liked him and the service I got.  Saturday we dropped off our vehicle not realizing they had a total ownership change. A day and half later with, lost paperwork, lost records, zero follow-up phone calls. So we complained to Rich the manager.  Read the filtered results.  I hope mine is not filtered so I will be carefuil with wording.  The manager we complained to went nowhere.  In efforts to not be filtered.  Anybody have the brother-in-law that can't seem to keep a job, with junk cars parked on the lawn?   Take the filtered reviews and double it.  Really sad that BIG O is doing a huge national ad program and you have businesses like they scare everybody away.
4 Fine service ,  not the  best  also  didn't like the  way the  payment done.  well  ,  i  had a nail in my  Bmw tire,    so  i  bring it in,  they  say they  have to  replace the  tire,  i  say ok,  witch  it was a new tire to start with.    but i say ok.    they give me a  price,  was 250$ or so   and they say  that i have to pay  first,  then to come back at 3  they  going to have it ready for me,  i say  cool, i pay it in front,  then i got a  phone call saying that  ,  they  didn't got the  right price,  so  they ask for another 90$  ,  i mean,  come on,  now i  don't have a  choice,  i pay  already most of  it.      but i  don't thin its  the right way  to  work.   anyway.  other then  that,  they  ok.      just  to much to  wait for  changing a  tire i think.
1 Not very satisfied. Went in for an oil change. Was told that I needed new tires, a wheel alignment at the start. Advised I wanted to check with my father about payment for those extras (500+)more, and felt very pressured. At the end was told I needed a fuel injector flush and two of my lights were out. I know how to change lights on my own and declined the flush. When I went to the autoparts store to get light bulbs right after my oil change none of my lights needed to be replaced. I will not be returning here. I also need to add that there was no sticker put in my car or on my invoice to let me know what date or at how many miles I would need my next oil change. Unacceptable
2 I want to like this place. It used to be run well by a good manager, but since the new owners have taken over, it had not been good. I guess it's my fault for coming back after a four hour oil change (that was scheduled, not a walk in), but I gave the benefit of the doubt because the new owners had taken over that day. And I had a discount card that was still valid for a while.  But things always seem to take longer than they should. And today 30-45 minutes had turned into an hour and a half. That's enough, time to find someplace new.
1 Horrible service!!!!!!!. If I could give negative stars I would. Please beware of incompetent service. A week ago my low pressure alert came on my car , I take it in to be looked at and they come out saying your tire is fine. No hole nothing wrong  but they evened out my air pressure . so I leave thinking everything is fine on my car. 4 days later  I now sit on the side of the road with a blown out tire!!! I am a woman by myself and to now be unsafe, when I did the proper thing and have everything checked This tells me 1. They did not look at it properly, 2. They do not know what they are doing or talking about. Beware of this location and there horrible service gaps.
1 Took my car for a new tire and discovered a screw in the tire.. This could have been removed and fixed instead of causing a possible accident on the road putting my life in danger and costing me 250.00 for a new one.
1 I was very disappointed in their customer service.  We brought our car in with a flat tire, had glass in it.  The gentlemen walked up to our car and without looking at anything said I won't fix this, you will have to get all new tires.     So after the initial shock, that our less than 3 year old 65,000 mile tires have to be replaced, I asked ok, how much.  He proceeded to take his time looking around the shop to see what they had 4 in.  Which we felt he was secretly hoping the tire would go completely flat so we would be stuck.  He comes back with a $1400 bill!  Umm, no thank you!    I am not hard to please, some basic communication as to the how and why I gave to replace all my tires and why I have no other options than $1400 did not sit well.     We ended up taking it to another company and the service was great.
4 Great service, we were met outside and asked what we needed. Quoted a good price for two new tires and told to come back in an hour. After two and a half hours it was done. Not happy it took so long but otherwise satisfied. Car was clean and didn't have grime on the steering wheel like I've experienced at other places. Would recommend if you drop your car off and come back on your schedule instead of their quote .
1 IM NEVER GOING BACK Crooks.. no customer service and I spent three days there for the same issue. An issue I found after they said everything was good. 10 min from getting the job done they closed the doors after the 3 days of me waiting and wanted me to come back... We'll I'm not..... I'm going somewhere else
1 This location has the absolute WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE AND EXCUSES. Who is managing the store , who hires these dudes who have no customer service skills. First, we bought 2 tires and were told it would take 1 hour. THREE HOURS LATER...next two weeks later one of the new tires blows on the highway, had to call roadside, when they show the other new tire is just about flat..no there were no nails but when we got it to another BIG "NO" they said the place we bought them they used old stems and didnt mount tires correct. How SAFE this makes you feel?? Two weeks later the same tire blows and the seal went bad so I went to the Germann BIG "NO" and was the only one in the store while standing there for 5 mnutes. Finally this guy DAVE asks if I need help, i told him the story how they mounted tires wrong had blow outs and said I now have a tire the seal went bad. We go out to the car and he rolls the tire and says I dont see any nails. Hello I just said the seal went bad. After explaining the store on Warner in PHX MGR said he would replace the tire for free, I could not get there cuz i didnt want to chance driving on spare. This guys says they dont see any problems with the tire and wil remount it. Only when you think you can get in and out in an hour..lol. DAVE then breaks me the news his mechanic ripped the inside seal bead and will need to put a new tire on it and they dont have one in stock.  I told him the store on Warner 15 minutes away has one waiting for me can they arrange to get it..NOPE. He then presents me with a bill for $45 to mount and balance a new tire that they ripped the inside and i told him NO WAY am i paying a dime and I want his MGR. This dude come out and I told him the situation and i told him to call the MGR at the other store to get that tire. Ive been there for now over an hour and had 2 appointments in less than an hour. Well super DAVE comes back out and says he cant get the tire until tomorrow ( has to order one) are u kidding me? Oh an dhe says we'll waive the $45 charge..OMG your customer service is so bad ( YOU GUYS TORE THE TIRE ) I asked for the tire and rim from the garage, he was so polite and left it outside the door not offering to load back in my car. DAVE said he would call me tomorrow when the tire comes in. Next day passes and NO CALL FROM DAVE. I called them on WED ( which is now 2 days later) Dave says oh I was off yesterday and he will check..GUESS what, NO TIRE came in and I can go to another store to pick one up..AREYOU SERIOUS DUDE? Come to find out DAVE never ordered the tire which is why nobody called me the next day. Dave said use the paperwork I gave you to get the new tire at the other store..I said what paperwork. He never gave me anything. PEOPLE BEWARE of this store..ive been there three times and each time its getting worse. Poor management and follow thru and timliness is never met. The excuses and inconvenience is not worth going to this location. Say NO to BIG O!!
