4 Just what Chandler needs --- an Indian restaurant with quality, fresh, excellent Indian Food.  The menu is somewhat limited -- as they have just opened -- and maybe that's a good thing to limit yourself to producing excellent dishes.   Prices are reasonable and servings are generous.    Some great quick options for lunch!  Dining in on the evenings is a little quirky to say the least --- food served on paper plates and in box like containers..........with plastic utensils which are not up to the job of cutting into a somosa (which are excellent!) --- but I can overlook quirky (for a while --- assuming they are figuring out the best approach for dine-in) -- because the food is exceptional!!!!    Great attention to detail in freshly made and perfectly spiced dishes.     Generous servings, friendly (family) staff...........and truly great food!    Really hope this place makes it in Chandler -- in a strip mall that has been plagued by small businesses coming and going.   A little difficult to find -- but well worth the search!
5 it's the real deal! Authentic Indian food with no fuss! owners were very welcoming as if we were visiting their home. food was extremely flavorful! At first the menu seemed a little pricey for the atmosphere...but with a coupon, the freebies the owners threw in, and after eating, it was well worth it.  The paper/plastic utensils didnt bother us one bit.... it's all part of the experience right!? and who eats Indian with utensils anyways! we will definitely be going back!
4 This family-run cafe is open less than two months, but I think they are on to a winner - the food is lovely and well-priced, the staff welcoming, the portions good. Minor niggle is the disposable plates and cutlery, but don't let it frighten you off - otherwise this is a nice place to have a meal.
3 Nice atmosphere and looks like a newly built place. The customer service was excellent. The kid in glasses is a pimp.  Now the food...i hate doing this but it is not on par with other indian restaraunts. I had the goat biryani....jad it spicy...be warned it is a tummy twister. The chicken curry could have being better. The naan was burnt....not good.  So if you do eat the spicy food...to alleviate the pain...eat some Belgium chocolate.
5 Great addition to the neighborhood. Wife and I have had the chicken tiki masala and the rice bowl. Chicken perfectly flavored and moist. Rice bowl was so good. Light fluffy rice on a platter surrounded by small samples of all of their curries. Wonderful garlic non bread as a side. They have applied for a liquor license, so will be back for dinner.
5 im one of rambha s client who alwayes comes for her,, now she has a very good resturant has the best indian food,, omg the food is soooo good  , everytime i go to the salon,, i have to get something to eat ,, i bring my familly and friends there and they love it, i think this resturant will bring alot of business to the salon,, so to whoever yo should go try thge resturant u will love it........
3 First, the good things.  The Chili Chicken is awesome.  My wife and I both love it as it is spiced well and different than what we have had at other restaurants.  The Nan was also fluffy and not greasy. The Peas Palau was also unique with fruit and nuts.   Now the challenges.  I have been here several times and although they say Dosa on the online  menu and also on some signs in the restaurant, I have yet to be there when they can actually serve it. The beans in the Chana Masala were undercooked both times we ordered it.  They also don't make Dall.  What Indian restaurant doesn't make Dal?  Still too early to give them 2 stars but hope they get consistent on what they can serve.
3 Ordered the Samosa Appetizer to go. Their prices are a little expensive considering that the Samosa's were tiny and flavorless. The chutney was too thick. I do want to try the goat there. Some other day maybe. The place itself is very well set up and it would be nice to take colleagues etc to lunch there.
2 The food at this restaurant was a bit below average.  I ordered Vegetable Samosas, Chicken Tikka Masala, and Garlic Naan.  The samosas were a bit overdone...boderline burnt.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was a bit bland with very little taste.  The naan was pretty good.  The staff provided good service.  I might give this restaurant another chance.
4 A nice, quaint little local place.  The food is very authentic although the menu is quite limited compared to most Indian restaurants I've been to.  Of the dishes we've tried we like the chicken Tikka Massala the best.  The Lamb Curry is pretty good too.  It's not on the menu but the chef made me some Lamb Vindaloo and it was great.  Their Garlic Naan is OK but inconsistent.
2 I have been here twice once when it first opened. At the average cost of $14.00 a head we ate off the cardboard plates and were put off, although the food wasn't bad, but not at all spicy. I thought I would give it a second try. This time I did a takeout - I ordered two chicken Tikka Masalas medium spice  and a tandoori chicken for a friend who does not like curry - rice came with all three dishes and we ordered Naan breads too. The masala have 10 small chucks of chicken in them in a pale yellow fairly bland sauce and the tandoori chicken which should be dry was served with peppers and onion fry with a chili paste which they then coated the chicken with! Most of it got thrown away. I did return one masala which they gave me store credit for ($10.95) with two explanations - One, each chef has a variation on how they cook the dishes (our chef had decided that tomatoes shouldn't be a part of our tomato based curry).  Two, for our American customers we tell them not too cook it spicy! Sorry Bay Leaf Owners, but in my opinion consistency is an important part of running a restaurant
3 First time eating Indian in Chandler. I'm visiting from the PNW and my relatives asked if Indian was okay. I'm a huge fan of Indian food so of course I agreed. The food was great. Small portions but good. I felt like I was full enough but could probably still eat more if available. We ordered two main dishes and some garlic naan for the four of us. I feel like these portions were just smaller than other Indian places. One of the curry chickens came attached to the bone so I didn't eat a much of that chicken than the other chicken that came pre-cubed. I say great food, although I guess I have high expectations of Indian food from where I live in Portland, OR and Tacoma, WA. I'm sad they didn't offer anything like chicken or more importantly lamb kabobs. Good for takeout !! Oh and definitely ask if you have the right number/restaurant when you call. We got confused when the lady who answered the phone only said, "hello" and then the ID number came up on the tv as a "spa" so I guess they offer more than just Indian dishes !! :-/
3 pretty good
4 My husband and I got take out from here for the first time.  Y-U-M-M-Y!  This will be our go to place for Indian food from now on!!!  Everything was declicous!!!!   I really wanted Chicken Korma and they only have Lamb Korma on the menu but we asked if they could make it and they said no problem.  Melt in your mouth delicouness with crazy-good flavor!!  My husband had vegetable samosas and alugobi.  He was loving both of his selections and said he would get them both again.  We each got an order of paratha and dipping that in the Korma sauce has left us wanting more!  Thank you, Bay Leaf Cafe!  Please keep up the quality, freshness, and flavor of your food.  You've hooked us!!  :-)
3 Called the restaurant ahead of time and was pleased to know they are BYO friendly.  This family owned establishment was very welcoming and accommodating. The food was great, and we are in love with the Naan.  Every flavor was devoured and the kids begged for more. The kids stuck to the fairly mainstream items, only cause that's what they like.  Love their sauces and Tikka Masala.  FYI closed Mondays....they day I always crave it.
1 This place has cheap quality service, products and food. Ordered tandoori chicken that was dry and bad. Worst indian food I have eaten.
1 Stopped in on a Sunday around 1:15 to get a meal to-go. There was not a single person in the place. We ordered the vegetable pakoras, tandoori chicken, and chicken tikka masala to go.   We waited ~45 minutes for the food, which felt excessive.  No one in the restaurant, and that kind of a wait for two meals and an appetizer? Really?  The story doesn't end there. We got the food back and started eating. A red bell pepper garnish with the pakoras tasted off and then we came across a green bell pepper with mold on it. How can the rest of the meal be trusted at that point?   This place missed the mark today and we will not be going back. Be wary of the food quality should you decide to go.
4 I placed a to-go order and was given a 35 minute wait time.  When we arrived to pick up the food, it was not ready yet, so we had to wait around bringing the total time closer to 45 minutes.  The food was really delicious.  We had Chicken Tikka Masala, Alu Gobi, and Paneer Tikka Masala. The Alu Gobi was great and well-spiced.  I realized that we were never asked for a "spice level" like at some restaurants, and I think I like having the food prepared the way the chef intends.  That might be disagreeable to you if you don't enjoy spicy foods.  The naan was great, as it usually is.  The rice came with our meals, although the amount was a less than what is usually provided with an entree.  I think they might have been trying to avoid making another batch since it was kind of late.  So in recap, the food (most importantly) was very good.  The only complaint would be that the amount of rice was a little skimpy and the extra wait time.  These things are pretty minor to me for the convenience and good food.  I would order from Bay Leaf Cafe again, and I probably will.
4 This little place outs out some great Indian food!  If you want something totally different, give them a chance!
5 Oh my goodness! This is a hidden gem! We ordered takeout.  1: Vegetable samosas: 2 per order. Came with mint and tamarind chutneys. Delicious. Crispy, tender, great seasoning. 2: Chole bhature: my personal fav is always chole, and this is excellent. Came with 2 (not one!) bhature to scoop up all the delicious juiciness. 3: Bay Leaf Chicken Tikka: my husband said that this was the best chicken dish he had eaten all year! (And he's a very particular/picky eater!) 4:Palak Paneer: beautiful emerald green goodness with just enough paneer.  5: Naan: perfect! 6: Basmati rice: fragrant, fluffy. 7: mango lassi: sweet, tart, ice cold.   So much food, we have enough left for either another dinner or 3-4 lunches (if I can stay out of the fridge tonight!) everything was perfect spice, nothing mouth-numbing. Staff was very friendly, takeout was very carefully packed.  We will definitely be back soon!!!
5 Our first visit and it won't be the last. Delicious flavor in all the dishes we tried and we are vegan so it was great that they were so accommodating to our needs. Best customer service of any restaurant, we didn't want for a thing.
1 we were excited about this neighbourhood indian restaurant. The quality unfortunately is dwindling day-by-day.  Food is so fudged it does not taste like indian food anymore.  Keep it authentic and consistent and people will enjoy it.
1 The food was absolutely terrible. We had a groupon, so got stuck with ordering more than one dish. The cook and the janitor were doubling as the the waiter. The "cook" came out with his apron to take our order. That should have a sign to run to the exit, but we stayed since this was out first time there. We ordered the bay leaf tikka, the mutton biryani and the chicken tikka masala. All were terrible. The rice was under cooked and it looked like they had sprinkled on some of the spices right at the end. The other dishes were over spiced with "heingh" which made it uneatable. We  have tried several places around the valley and this is at the bottom of the pile. Sad to see all the effort to make the place look nice, but the food is less than desirable :-(. Our first and last visit.
1 it was an unpleasant visit.  food was ready to pick up after 50min.  i got the deal from groupon and the deal said either dine in or to go.  so i called to order to go and the lady who took my order was nice and have not problem when i mentioned i'm going to use my groupon.   but when i went pick up the 'man' who refuse to take groupon and said not for to go.  so i end up paid it without using my groupon.  I was very upset and felt like cheated from the restaurant.  so beaware!!!!
4 2nd time here and will definitely be back for a 3rd. Ambience is lacking, but the food is wonderful. We had three dishes tonight, a curry, a masala, and a biryani.  All were very good. Naan was just the right addition. Worth a visit.
5 Family owned and operated business.  The son is such a nice kid!  We always enjoy chatting with them.  The food is amazing.  We love Indian food and are pretty picky about it.  It is fast and pretty reasonably priced.  The food tastes fresh, and the chef is sometimes willing to do special orders for my picky husband.  I personally love the plain naan and the chicken curry.  They have a huge menu though, try everything!
4 The food here is pretty good.  Smaller portions than your traditional Indian restaurant but then again it is a "cafe".  Its a family owned restaurant with them owning the yogurt shop and salon adjacent to them.    I prefer spicier food and have found that you have to make it clear you want Indian spicy hot or they wont make it so. The naan is awesome; garlic all the way.  I usually do the chicken tikka masala with the naan.  They offer discounts for Intel and other companies in the area.  However, if you do the yelp deal you cant combine them.
4 = =  TUESDAY THRU SATURDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = =   Stopped into this lovely little place today for the Lunch Buffet, served up cafeteria style, and I enjoyed the following items:  *  Goat Curry *  Chicken Tikki Masala *  Aloo Ghobi *  Paneer Tikki Masala *  Spinich Saag *  Channa Masala *  Basmati Rice  *  And a side order of Garlic Naan.  Everything was delicious, & provided on a big round sectioned tray by the lovely hosts.  (See photo.)  The food selection varies some each day & it's only $5.99 or $8.94 if you add on a basket of their tasty Garlic Naan.     :-))
5 Food is very tastey but not intensely seasoned. Just right for my wife. They don't have the expected Indian lunch buffet. Instead their rice bowl is one of the best deals around, 6 generous portions of entrees with the rice. The  Chicken Tikka Masala is our favorite. The dining area is pleasing and the service is always cheerful and accomidating. One of my Chandler favorites.
2 Came here on Friday night for dinner and had to wait for 30 mins to get even our appetizers! The portions are small and the dishes are not great. We ordered choke bhature where the bhatura was not puffed at all. The kid is really sweet but they need to improve their service and food!
4 Had been craving Indian Food for a couple weeks. This place did ok with fulfilling my fix. What i enjoyed was the friendly service. It's a Sunday evening and hubby and I found the $10 for $15 deal on yelp and decided to give it a try. We were the only ones in the place so the young lady was able to give us her undivided attention. She explained the dishes i was curious about and actually offered up a couple samples. I absolutely loved the chicken sheesh kabob that she highly recommended. I asked for spicy and it was! It's minced chicken w green chili and Indian spices rolled into a shape of a sausage. Not on a stick. We also tried the Chicken Boti and the Chicken tikka Marsala (we like chicken) those were good just not as spicy as I like it to be. We plan to return to try the lunch buffet.
4 Freshly prepared food and good Indian  taste. U can pre-order and go there to save time if u want :)
5 My wife found this place I was not sure of this place but now this is my first choice   mutton kabab are best in the class
5 Today for lunch I picked biryani chicken and veg both ! Hats off to the chef  Will say this is indeed one of the best Biryani I have had I. A long long time
2 We decided to go here for lunch as it's close to my work. The food itself wasn't anything special. I ordered a chicken roll. The roll took a very long time for them to make & arrive at the table ... Wasn't worth the wait. It had a few pieces of chicken, bell peppers & onions and some really tart sauce in it. I wouldn't order it again.
4 We decided to go back to this restaurant for lunch. This time we both ordered the lunch bowl. The service was really fast and the food was really good. The rice bowl came with paneer masala, chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, okra, garbanzo beans, & some cauliflower and potato. The paneer & chicken tikka were my favorites but the rest of the choices were good as well. The cost for the plate was $6.55 with tax. Definitely worth it! I'll definitely come back for it.
5 We had channa bathura and palak paneer here this Thursday evening , the food was really good , very fresh and yummy and the service was great too , food arrived very promptly , it was a good dinner evening
5 Love this place. The chicken tikka masala is really good and the rice bowl is such a good deal.
4 In a sea of taco shops the Bay Leaf Cafe is like a lighthouse of dining adventure. This was my first visit to an Indian restaurant and I loved it. Our server Jobi was friendly and helpful and navigated our way through uncharted waters. The vegetable samosas, a pastry wrapped appetizer, was flakey and delicious. Chicken tikka masala is outstanding. Be sure to order naan bread right from the oven to dip up every bit of the rich tomato gravy. Our meal at the Bay Leaf Cafe was a culinary adventure and a dining success! Look forward to our next visit.
5 Very tasty non-veg dishes. Try their kababs (specially the Chapli & the Afghani Kababs), the Kadhai dishes, the biriyanis & the koftas.
