5 Brent from Off Camber is fantastic!  I've been going to Brent for years- faithfully following him from two salons because it really doesn't get better.  He's always consistent and my hair always turns out beautifully.   They have a pretty cool online booking system- it sends reminders on appointments and even emails a receipt.  Thanks, Brent!  Good luck with the new place!
5 My hair is a bit challenging because it's curly and I like it straight.  I first went to Mike Barnes at another salon and now at Off Camber because he can style it just the way I like it.  Plus, I get a great massage-type shampoo as well.
5 Went to Mike Barnes at Off Camber Studios this past Thursday for a Brazilian Blowout. Wow, it looked so beautiful and soft and I got so many nice compliments at work this morning. I have been following Mike ever since he was in styling school and followed him through his two past salons. Everyone at Off Camber are Great Stylists and if you need a good hair cut, style, color, highlights or a Brazilian Blowout this is the place to go. When I go to get my hair done, I feel welcome and not rushed off. Great Place!!! I would recommend Off Camber Studios to everyone. Oh, my hair is naturally think, frizzy and curly, though you would never think that if you saw what Mike did to my hair. I love it and it is so soft and shiny. Thanks Mike for your excellent service and your creativity when it comes to my hair. Your the Best!!  Erma Z.
5 Off Camber Studio is a fun, clean, unique atmosphere. The service providers are complimentary toward one another, accommodating, professional, creative, and obviously put great emphasis on the quality of your experience. I am always very happy with the way my hair looks and also walk away reflecting on a great experience each and every time.  Brent is always very personal, reassuring, accommodating, and professional. I trust his abilities and I have never met a hairdresser who cared as much as he does about the quality & outcome of his work. Don't know what I'd do without you Brent! I would recommend him to anyone I meet - whether you are looking for cutting edge skills or a classic cut & color.  I don't usually write reviews but these guys deserve itqirving! Best salon ever!
5 I can't say enough positive things about Brent at Off Camber. He is absolutely wonderful at what he does. Not only is he crazy good at doing hair (cut, color, and styling...yeah...the triple threat!)..he also maintains amazing customer service. I truly can't see anyone not responding to Brent's down to earth personality.   So..I chose a color/look and I was not thrilled with it. I tried the dark root thing.It looks fabulous on the celebs and Brent had it down. After much analyzing I realized it just wasn't me. I went back the next day and he threw in some highlights and voila..I am in love with my hair color again. :)   So, because it had been my idea to go darker, I was fully prepared to pay more money to get my hair "de-rootified"...however he got me in and out in a little over an hour and refused to accept payment or even let me charge a tip since I had been in the day before.   It is very rare unfortunately to see people in the beauty industry display such a high level of integrity and excellent business practice. I have story after story about just the opposite so I am so delighted to have discovered "a keeper".   As for the studio itself, great location, lots of windows/natural light.  A friendly vibe. All of the stylists at Off Camber really seem to have it going on. I always see men and women customers in there so it is a great place for all.  I have never reviewed a salon before so this says a lot about the caliber of Off Camber.
5 I've been going to Michael for years. He does a beautiful blond, and is fabulous at cutting and styling. All the guys are so sweet and I always enjoy my peaceful few hours of salon time while there. Everyone I see walks out looking great!
5 Off Camber is a cool, modern salon, and Brent is a hair wizard! I've yet to have my hair cut or colored by him, but the blowout and style he gave me easily trumped anything other stylists have done. I mean, really, I've never been so happy with my hair! I'd definitely recommend Off Camber and Brent to anyone!
5 I am so happy I saw Elizabeth at Off Camber for a much needed haircut. She knew exactly what my hair needed and exceeded all of my expectations. She is phenomenal at what she does and has the sweetest personality!
5 Brent at Off Camber Studios has been cutting my hair for years and I won't be going anywhere else. Previously to Brent I tried many different people but none provided an amazing, consistent haircut along with great customer service. I recommend him to everyone I can, men and women!
5 I love this place! I always feel so relaxed coming here - everyone really makes you feel welcome! Elizabeth is the best- I've been coming to her for almost a year and she always listens to what I am looking for and I never leave feeling anything less then beautiful!   After a few bad hair cuts in the past I had shied away from keeping up with the regular 8 week trims but one time in with Elizabeth and I haven't looked back. She really makes you feel comfortable, truly understands the importance of giving the client exactly what they are looking for. My hair has always had difficulty growing but with my consistent trims and care from Elizabeth my hair has never felt longer or more healthy! She has been doing my hair ombre for a few months now and Im extremely pleased with how natural she makes it look as I like to keep things fairly low maintenance.   The salon is beautiful and everyone is really friendly. They really do treat you like this is your day to be pampered and cared for and they do everything they can to make you feel that you are in good hands.
5 Went to Kris for my color.  I have been going to Kris for years and she just moved to Off Camber.  She is a great stylist and I can highly recommend her.  Her cuts are meticulous and she knows how to do BLONDE!  Something not every stylist can do.  The salon itself is very clean and modern and the natural light is amazing. Two thumbs up!!
5 Followed my stylist Kris here from another salon. I love my color and see her religiously every 7 weeks. She is always great, but now the salon is too, major upgrade. Very clean and modern- love it!
5 Brent Quillin is the greatest.  Love my haircut and style.  Recommendations on styling and products are stellar.  Looking forward to going back to him for my overall color and partial hightlights.  Highly recommend Brent.  Great salon and very comfortable.  Especially like the separate room for washing and removing product.  Very relaxing.
5 I have been going to Brent for years now, as I have followed him over here from his other salon. Off Camber Studios is really clean, modern looking, and a great atmosphere always!!  They use a really nice online booking system that has reminders and sends you an email after you book as well as receipts when  you are done, very useful!!   I recommend this place to anyone wanting to look great everytime you walk out!! And as for Brent, he is really good at what he does, with both men and women's hair!!
3 Went to Off Camber last month and I didnt get the hair I desired. It wasnt horrible, but it definately didnt fit my full criteria. My hair is fine and obviously needs volume and body, which I expressed before the cut started. I was excited about getting my hair done after seeing the reviews on yelp, but what I got was an ok cut and my hair was weighed down, even flatter then when I came in. I'm not sure if it was my fault for being a few minutes late and that it was rushed but I'm just not too sure about going back. So yet again, I'm on the market for a new stylist :/
5 Schedule with Brent! My wife has lived in Scottsdale for just over 2 years and hadn't found a hairstylist she liked until we came here. I was referred to Brent and had my wife schedule an appt. Not only was she extremely happy with the cut and color, but all of her friends and family members kept complimenting her and asking her where she got her hair done. I will continue to refer people to Brent!   He does good men's haircuts too. I get my haircut with him also.
5 Before finding Brent, I NEVER walked out of the salon liking the way they styled it.  I always had to grow into the style and color.  With Brent, I am amazed by how much I love it.  I have received more compliments on my hair than I ever have before.  The cut is soooo beautiful that I cannot say enough wonderful things about it.  As for the salon itself, it's so down to earth, but classy.  Their customer service is unparalled and each of them are as beautiful inside as they are out.  On a side note, the female stylists are lovely, but the male stylists - OH MY GOODNESS!  They are fun to look at, but aren't outrageous egomaniacs.    I recommend this salon highly!
5 Definitely recommend this studio and Brent to anyone in the area. I actually live on the East Coast and was visiting family when I came to 'Off Camber' for both cut and color with Brent. He was very highly recommended to me by someone I trust and of course love her hair! As a client, I usually have an idea in my head of something but no idea how to put it into words along with no idea if it's something that will work for me. Brent was patient and took the random hair ideas I was trying to express and really knew how to interpret what I wanted and turn it into something even better with his own expertise. I love my hair, and love that this was exactly what I wanted and then some. I work in the beauty industry and have worked with some amazing stylists and I can really appreciate how professional but personable Brent is. He really knows what he's talking about and I definitely think he not only has a great eye for what will work and look in trend/pretty/easy to handle whatever you're looking for, but he's got the skill set to back it up and I would totally suggest visiting him whether you need a new stylist or are just looking for a fresh set of eyes and outlook than your go to.
5 Ben Barnes and this Salon are THE BEST!  Ihave been using Ben for the past 5 years and he has brought me through short, short kinky hair to longer, beautiful locks!  I get so excited to go because I know that I will bounce away feeling ultra sassy!  I never have any anxiety about how it might 'come out'...I love Ben!  (Awesome guy too!)
5 So very thankful that off camber studios was able to fit me in last minute today. The professionalism from making the appointment to walking out was stellar. I took everyone's advice from below and requested Brent. He and his assistant Amber did a fantastic job in restoring my hair from having my extensions removed, it now feels and looks so much healthier! And the color is amazing :) thank you, thank you, thank you! If I could fly here from home just to get my hair done, I would!  Oops! I added the wrong photo!
5 I would recommend this salon to anyone. Nice facility in Scottsdale. Professional and friendly staff. I have been using Brent as my hair dresser for a year and now I won't go to anyone else. It's nice to have a hair dresser that you can trust to listen to you and be on his A game every time! Thanks Brent!
5 This salon is top notch! It's clean and modern. Upon arrival, you will be offered a beverage which range from water, cola, beer and wine. The team is current on the latest vids, styles and trends not to mention the products offered for use at home.  They offer online scheduling that cover just about 7 days a week. I have followed Stevie from her other salons. She knows her stuff when it comes to color, hi lights, low lights and vibrant colors. I always get compliments on my hair and am continually asked who does my hair. Schedule with Stevie...you will not be disappointed.  The salon is easy to get to from any area of the valley too.
5 Highly recommend! I've gone to Ben Barnes  for 10 years, he is a highly skilled colorist. Love this new space @ Off Camber Studios, the entire team is amazing, you will be in great hands!
5 I found Brent after reading other Yelp reviews. Thank you!! He's awesome. My color is great, love my cut. I'm very picky and not easy to get my natural color to the color I want. He took notes, listened to me, it turned out great! I now send both my teenage boys to him for cuts because he does such a good job and is "cool" enough for them.
5 So had a couple not so great experiences with previous stylists. That led to serious frustration and not feeling good about my hair. Than I was referred to Ben Barnes.  Seriously best stylist I've ever had...hands down. Oh and they give you wine while u get your hair did the entire time. Plus did I mention the head massages??? Carson, Ben's assistant will literally put you on a different planet as he massages your head.  All that being said Ben also fixed my half ass brazilain blowout, crappy reddish highlights, and is just TheGuy that should be cutting your hair--the end. Oh and his brother Mike rocks too!!!
