2 I went to Cogburns because my friend recommend it. The place was previously called Paytons place. Its newly remodeled, its appearance has improved. However the staff could use a little improvement in friendliness I walked pass 2 waitresses on my way to the bar and did not receive so much as a smile or a hello. My friend and I sat at the bar for a good 10 minutes before the female bartender took our drink order and they were not busy. We would later order some food which consisted of hot wings and a quesadilla. The food arrive rather quickly which puzzled me since my quesdilla was burned and black under neath. Some of the hot wings were also burnt. Food was mediocre, I dont really expect much from bar food except the food is fresh and not over cooked. Honestly the hot wings at Native New Yorker are better. Honestly I would not recommend this restaurant and probally will not return. Theres other bars with better food and value.
1 So... Sunday night, and decided that I could not live with out boneless buffalo wings. Since Cogburns ( formerly Payton's Place) is in the hood; why not stop by. Walked through the door and all of three people there. None of them employee's. Waited with my family about 7 minutes until a patron feels bad and try's to give me a menu and seat me. Respectfully, I decline and started to the door. As I opened the door to leave, two employees, one male the other female, come from the kitchen looking at me surprised as if not expecting to work that night. As they pleaded for my family and I to return, all I could think about is how "not" busy in the kitchen they were while preparing no ones food. Just saying'! Since opening night the service in this place sucked. Can't say anything about the food because I was never able to get any!
2 My boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere new to watch the UFC fight we were unaware that Payton's place closed an reopened as "cogburns". So we decided to check it out...   Let me just start out by saying that Ashley was the only saving grace. The bartenders were very unknowledgeable and lack personality. My boyfriend always drinks margaritas on the rocks no salt. They girl that took our order did not make his drink which made me think she didn't know how... When he got it, it had salt and so she remade it.... The 2nd one came and it was made with grapefruit juice... And the part that kills me is that she knew she had used grapefruit and still served it! So now upon getting his 3rd drink... We grabbed a table in the dining area since the asu game was on the big tv... Still kept getting margs made with grapefruit, wings were ok... I dont think waste my money here...
3 Had wings for lunch today. The garlic parmesan is definitely the favorite out of the three flavors we tried. It was really just average on the food and service. The waitress was kind enough but they were slow in seating and serving. The prices are pretty good.. not as expensive as payton's place but I don't see them making it unless they create a little more excitement.
4 Just had a late lunch and a beer today. Food was very very good! Wings and burger and fries were delish! Waitress acted like it was her first day. Maybe it was? KNOW YOUR BEERS if you're a server, study the menu or write it down and put it in your pocket! All in all we will go back for the food!
4 This is a great neighborhood bar and grill.  This restaurant used to be Payton's Place, and the same owners remodeled and opened Cogburn's under a new concept as a "Big Wing" restaurant.  Payton's Place always had great wings, and with more flavors added to the menu under Cogburn's, the wings are now excellent!!!    My only complaint is that you cannot order multiple flavors.  You have to order in increments of 5, and you can't get the 10 wing or 15 wing discount if you order 2 or 3 different flavors.  It doesn't cost them any more to toss the wings in a couple of different sauces instead of just one, so it doesn't seem right that they won't give you the discount.  At Native New Yorker, if you order a dozen wings, you can get every flavor they have at same price.    Outside of the inability to order different wing flavors, this place is great and I will be back.
4 Yelp filtered my last review, not sure why.  My review is legit.  Go to filtered reviews to get my take on Cogburn's.
1 Stopped into Cogburn's for their New Years Eve party and to see our friends band play for the night. The services wasn't bad at the beginning of the night, and the wings were great. As the night went on the service got worse and several of the servers seemed to getting drunk with one ending up spilling champagne on us and the people next to us.   When we cashed out, we got one bill with the correct charge on it, later to find out by checking our online banking that we were charged TWICE, once for the correct amount and then a second time for a much larger incorrect amount. Friends of our that were there the same night had the same issue of being double and over charged and even had items on their bills that they didn't order. We called in about our double charge and were told it was a mistake and the transaction was voided for us, but it is still unresolved and hasn't been refunded. Our friend on the other hand was not told it was voided or a mistake for their incorrect charges.   Shady business, wouldn't recommend it to anyone. You can get great wings without the hassle elsewhere.
4 So.. I was skeptical because the reviews on here aren't so nice. But I promised myself that from now on, when I have a good experience, I'd talk about it. We decided to get some takeout tonight.  Since I just got the coupon Cogburns sent out in that coupon pack in the mail, we figured we'd try them out. Pretty much the only way it's going to happen since our three girls aren't exactly thrilled to hang out at what is basically a bar.   Called it in and the girl was super nice. I ordered 10 hot wings, 10 mild with light sauce, an order of the french fries, extra ranch and a dr. pepper. My husband picked it up and reports that not one, but 3 people talked with him to make sure he was being taken care of (better than Buffalo Bills Wild Wings btw.. where you can wait about an hour for takeout and people ignore you).   So not only did they not forget the soda (which most every restaurant DOES when you ask for one for takeout), but they remember the extra ranch and that one was supposed to be light sauce.   The wings themselves were a bit spicier than I like. Not their fault, I'm just a wimp. The wings were meaty and flavorful. Maybe a bit saltier than needed. I should have ordered bbq. I'm just such a wimp when it comes to spice. My hubby says his wings were delicious, he likes spicy!   The fries were very very good! I'm not normally a huge fan of those 'fresh cut" style fries, but these were tasty. They put a couple tubs of ketchup in with the fries, so it wasn't cold ketchup, which I appreciate. Nothing like using cold ketchup on hot food. But the thing I love is that I didn't eat any of the fries until I'd finished my wings and while they weren't hot, they were still darned good. Not soggy, or hard at all. Still mildly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.   So all in all, when we're craving wings we'll be back. I don't normally write reviews.. it's hard to find time. But this place has been skewered with bad reviews lately, and I wanted to throw my experience is there as a positive review, for both the food and the service. Trying to support the local places..
4 My golfing buddies and I had been to Peyton's place, and we were surprised when we found out the name had changed. We went there for lunch and most of us ordered the wings while a couple other of the guys ordered sandwiches. Everyone in our group of 12 was extremely happy with the service and the food. Understand we went for a late lunch, ~2:00. The business was not busy at that time, waitress was friendly and food arrived hot and fairly quickly considering the size of our group. We will be going back!
4 Went to Cogburns last night for wings and I would say they have improved from our initial visit.  Garlic Parmesan wings are our favorite.  They seemed to be relatively busy but no wait (it was a Thursday night).  My only complaint would be it is a little loud with the TV volume competing with the music volume. :)
2 Let me start off by saying that I really like their raspberry chipotle wings. The service, however, is less than par; it's hot and cold with their bartenders. I live relatively close to the bar so I'm in there a few times a month and I always enjoy a cold beer and wings but most of the time we arrive at the bar we are not greeted promptly and when we are it's a "what did you want" kind of attitude. The food/beer alone do not make a bar, it is the service/atmosphere. If they would hire on people that knew how to communicate with customers and not look less than happy to be there, I think this would be a great place.   (I will say that the guy that works there behind the bar and also does some serving is always really nice. The majority of this review is about the girls that are tending the bar.)
5 Real chicken wings!!?! After eating fitty cent wings that don't taste like chicken these wings this place gives me hope. The wings taste like chicken and they make their own sauces.
4 We weren't there with the family for some wings.  It was really loud. Hard to spend quality time with the family.  The wings were great. We tried four different sauces.  You can taste the homemade in them very good. Even the fries were good. I thought the staff was good. One of the "investors" stopped by to make sure  we were doing good. Next time I am leaving the kids at home.
3 Took the advice of another reviewer and ordered the rasberry chipolte wings which were really tasty...sounds like a variety of their wings are good.  And yes, the bartenders laziness and lack of personality was a real downer.  It's not good to be sarcastic when someone in your group orders water, then to wait for menu's to only be told they would have been brought to us, not true.  May go back sometime and try other wings but isn't urgent on my list.
1 I finally reached my last straw with this place. A few weekends ago there was a crowd there that the staff was obviously not happy about sitting at the bar (which is completely normal at ANY bar)! It was midnight.. that means dealing with drunk people. As a business, you are not always going to like your customers or want them to stay there all night, but punishing the customers there that were not apart of that group is downright wrong. Instead of kicking out the trouble makers, they decided to shut the entire bar down early. Sorry, that's just not how you operate a business. Good luck to them trying to run a bar like that.
3 I missed Payton's place. The service for Cogburns isn't as good at all. Seems to me like wings recipe has changed also. I understand the food price has gone up so they have to keep up with the price which I don't mind paying a little extra for good wings. But the hot wings aren't nearly as hot anymore. Thursday wings price is only good for dine-in only.
2 This review is being written after several visits at various times. This is a fair place for grabbing a bite to eat. There are definite areas that can be improved upon.  The reviews here at yelp are like a roller coaster.  There is somewhat of a theme "western with Sexy Cowgirls"; but then there is I want to be a biker bar twist.  I like the "Sexy Cowgirl and the owner should focus on that theme. The girls like to visit "the regulars", not the new Customers, they get lost in conversation and seem upset because they have to serve someone else besides their regular Customer (who knows that person could become a regular customer).The owner does this to, he'll walk right by new Customer's to talk to regulars and not even as much as a quick stop to say hi and see if everything was good. This place with some tweaks with the menu and product and the overall attitude of the staff this place could be an awesome destination for the many potential new Customers. Changed the name of the place, dressed the staff different but left a few crumbs on the table that if taken care of could be a good destination for a nice burger and/or wings. And of course an exlir of your choosing.
1 After furniture shopping all day we decided to stop in to try something new. It was more disappointing than the shopping. This place boasts about the biggest "Wings". Disappointment doesn't even begin to describe these. I'm  pretty sure they opened a bag of frozen Great Value Brand & served us. Albertsons Deli serves better wings!! The Cajun chicken salad was just as bad. I think the cook (can't  call him/her a chef)  marinated the chicken in salt. I spit it out in my napkin. Service was ok but the show is pretty much what you go for.as the hubby said its strip club atmosphere at a sports bar. Don't care what's going on around the game just want good food & this is defiantly not the place.
4 5 stars for the food because the wings were awesome and they have a decent selection of brews  on tap. Anyone who's been to Tucson and know Wings over Broadway would agree that it's hard to find anything that can compare but I think Cogburns is close.   1 star for service. I hate to outright bash service but the girls here were dumb as rocks and had no personality. It was really disappointing. Seems to be the trend..... Good food, bad service  I have to imagine as a newer place the service will get better so I will be back!
2 This place gets one big MEH. The food was okay, but it was just food.
4 This is a great place for wings. Its a great place to watch a game. The servers are always friendly. If I go to a sports bar, I wanna see and hear sports. I don't wanna hear country music all the time. Its been awhile since I've heard their awesome sound system during a big game. I'm not a big UFC guy, but I love traditional sports. This place is fun, but has potential for even more.
5 This place is horrible...I just love their Nachos & Big A$$ wings. This is a must go, at least once to see how good it is. I said it was horrible earlier because it can't be good on the diet...oh well, everyone gets a cheat day.
1 not good, stay away
1 Trust me when I say that the Jack-in-the-box across the street would serve you better than this place. First the perks which won the ONE star i so generously gave: TVs...and alcohol...and decent food. Maybe I am being a little harsh but someone has to be out of their mind to serve outdoor patio dining with absolutely no fans, misters, etc. The top floor is just as hot... and Don't be surprised if the table still has a mess from previous customers. I am astonished it is lasting longer than Payton's place with the terrible service. The one good-looking and friendly waitress there has moved on as I heard through the grape vine amongst the drama-thirsty, unmotivated and rude girls who somehow made it through the application process, which is why I won't be going back.
4 Visited 8/3/13 We were hesitant after reviewing several of the review. Quite frankly, the last time we thought about going we changed our minds after we read the reviews.   But in a search for chicken wings, we thought we would risk it.  We were pleasantly surprise!!  The winds came out hot and fresh. They were large and meaty, not fatty.  We had three different orders, Parmesan Garlic, Honey Hot, and straight Medium.  We also ordered house salads which was a nice change with candied walnuts and apples.  I would change to the Balsamic dressing next time.  It does seem to be a trend that places are charging more for Ranch Dressing?  Small little container and only two came out with a order of three sets of wings.  Does Ranch Dressing really cost that much that a chicken wing place cannot supply a nice portion with the wings???  Overall, I we were pleased.  Will likely return and hope to get the same fresh order of wings next time.
5 My husband and I really like this place. They have a great beer selection for him and I can get my lovely cocktails. The food is great too so we go there for the happy hour and stay for the drinks.  Definitely stop by and try it!
2 Really terrible customer service  Walked up with a friend on a "busy" Saturday night (no wait at the door, but no open tables). The 3 hostesses stood there staring at us - no "Hi", no "Welcome to Cogburns"... nothing. I said "hi, there's 2 of us" and she said "We're full. You can check outside". That was my first clue on their bad service. We ended up sitting outside, under their misters which spewed so much water that we literally had to drag our heavy table to the other end of the patio because our hair, clothes, and even our menus were getting soaked. The waitress watched us dragging our table and didn't offer to help or even comment on the situation. She checked on us during our stay a fair amount until the end of the night came. We sat with empty glasses and plates for almost 20 minutes before she came by to see if we wanted anything else. Then it took another 10 minutes to bring the bill (the place was empty by this point in the night). Then, after waiting 10 minutes with our credit cards on the table, I had to take them inside myself to try and find the waitress. Aaaaand where did I find her? Just inside the door talking to a friend loudly about a relationship issue she was having. She looked at me like I was being rude asking her to run my credit card.   My note to the owners of Cogburns: talk to your young staff members about the importance of customer service. Decent food will only get you so far. There are several other bars I'm the East Valley with equal or better food quality with customer service that surpasses what your staff is offering.   The 2nd star was given for the wings. They were nice and crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The raspberry chipotle sauce was tasty.
1 2nd time here in a row for the UFC fights. Sitting on the patio with 3 girls working, and not a single one asks if they can get me a drink in almost 2 hours. I'm use to a $100 bar bill when I go watch the fights, but now I just drink before I come and don't have to worry about them taking any of my money.
4 I really like this place. Nothing crazy but it's a local bar for sure. We come here a few times a month and I've always left happy. My friends in the East Valley come here for pizza and wings all the time so whenever I visit, this is where we end up. They always have consistent food and drink specials and tons of sports on tv. My girlfriends and I gravitate towards the touchtunes throughout the night and dance (nothing close to a night club but the music is loud and we have fun!) The food is good, dollar bills on the walls, country/rock vibe, and a nice patio with no smoking.. but too far from my home. Maybe they will open one closer to Phoenix.
1 If you drink a certain alcoholic beverage all your life you know what it should taste like!!  Two times now we have gone to Cogburns for drinks and they didn't taste right.  We spoke to the waitress and told her this doesn't taste like absolute,  she said "I have never seen anyone pour anything else in the absolute bottle"!  Really that's your first thought?  No proof but there alcohol does not taste like what should be in the bottle and you still get charged for what it should be!  Pretty sure this is illegal!!   It's to bad because we can walk there from our house.  Owner your responsible!!  Please stop this!!  Had to give a star rating but I tried to give zero for them being shady!  I guess after reading all the bad reviews I haves wasted my time posting!  The owner obviously doesn't care because nothing has changed!!
5 Good food, great patio, wings are awesome. We live close by and this is a great neighborhood bar. Doesnt have that "chain" bar feel like native or buffalo wild. Just a great local hangout. Lots of beer on tap and friendly and knowledgable bartenders.
3 Since we weren't impressed with service or food during last visit about seven months ag, we were hesitant to try again with my daughter and her husband. I'm glad we gave Cogburn's another try. The food was much better and the service (thank you Ariana) was great!   My daughter likes their hot wings, we ordered a cheese pizza to start. It was okay. I ordered the onion rings and a shrimp dish. I really enjoyed both the onion rings and the shrimp dish! Just a note the shrimp dish, is a bit spicy.  Ariana was a great waitress, beers were always full, she remained attentive to our table. She had a great sense of humor, even after we ordered multiple items from the menu! She was nice enough to sign our son's cast and take pictures with him and the rest of the Cogburn's girls!
1 BAD BAD BAD!!! Need I honestly say more?? Bad service and bad wings!! What else would I go for?!?!? Wings taste like the Kroger brand hot sauce. Do yourself a favor and go to Native New Yorker.
5 I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews, especially about the service. A bunch of us went there to see a UFC fight and the placed was packed! There weren't any tables left but their front patio (they have 2 patios, the front one is smoke free) had a lot of space for standing. The waitress saw us standing, took our order, and offered to find us bar stools, as well. She was very attentive and great.   Nonetheless, we put our name in for a table inside since we still had a few more friends coming. The hostess informed us that getting a table may not happen but that they will try. Sure enough 30 minutes later a table opened up and we were seated. The outside waitress was amazing and closed us out and transferred us without any problems or attitude.   The inside waitress was great, too! She saw that we were a pretty big group and we tend to be somewhat demande, yet fun, so she had a second waitress to wait on us. Our beers never sat empty and the two of them were very very attentive and a lot of fun. And the food was excellent!  This place is great and located in a location that needs more of these kinds of places. Please give them a chance if you are in the neighborhood. I can't wait to go back!
2 I meet a friend here for a business lunch. Probably not a good location choice.  It was poorly lit and the music was rather loud. I felt like I have to talk REALLY loud.  We ordered nachos and it arrived to the table dripping in Chili. They were so nasty tasting that neither of us could eat them. This may be a decent place to watch a sports game and grab a drink however it certainly is not a lunch spot!!!
2 I was in on Thursday night and it seemed obvious that once you become a regular you get great service. But, until then good luck. 2 bartenders and 5 customers at 11 pm and I had to walk up to the bar for drinks or to get their attention.
1 So I went to Cogburns last night to have a drink after working to check it out around 10PM.  My bar/grill of choice has typically been Native New Yorker, but Cogburns is so close that I wanted to see if this could be a good alternative for watching the UFC fights with my buddies.  When u went in the bartender was too preoccupied in her conversation with the one waitress there that I had to sit there for 15 minutes before I was acknowledged.  Once acknowledged she apologized because she did not see me...duh you were too busy not paying attention!  So I get a draft, finish it up and want to have one more before closing my tab.  Once again I sat there with an empty mug for another 10 minutes while I wait for her to finish her obviously intense conversation with her coworker.  I think the words customer service do not apply at this place.
1 Been here four times and each time the service has SUCKED! Unless you're a nasty old guy who tips these middle aged has-beens for their fake boobs, you don't get served in a reasonable amount of time. Save your time and buy a six pack to drink at home. You'll get it faster and colder!!
