5 Found out about this place because Buy With Me had a great deal.    I took my husband and son and we rented a 9mm with 2 boxes of rounds and one target.  I wasn't feeling good so I didn't want to shoot (don't mix medications and guns together).  The man still let me in to watch since it was my 11 year old's first time.    They were really friendly and clean.  Unfortunately, we got there kinda late so by the time we were done, they were getting ready to close and inventory had been hidden away for the night so we didn't get to look at any of their guns.  Overall a great place.  It might seem out of the way, but didn't take us long to get to from our Chandler home.
5 Nice range. Nice people. I haven't had to wait for a lane yet. The range is air conditioned too. They dropped the age restrictions on kids too so now it's great for the whole family!
5 This is the first range I've ever been since I got my Glock, and continue on. The atmosphere of the range is so friendly. The Staff has a Top Customer Service sense. After several months, they just gave me range-on-the-house, how cool is that ;o) My man Joe is very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. Can't miss a week without shooting at Ted's. Oh, one more thing. It's better to get the range card, for 10x, which will save you 40 bucks. Keep it up Ted's... more Glocks for the rentals maybe :o)
5 We ended up at Ted's Shooting Range because of a Livingsocial deal I had bought.  Having never fired or even held a weapon before we weren't sure what to expect but we were pleasantly surprised. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. One of the staff members even let us use his personal 9mm and rounds next to the .22 that was part of the deal.  All in all it was a great experience, highly recommended.
2 So I plan on going to Ted's today, checked the hours on their website (9am-8pm). Sweet. I show up at 3pm. They are closed. Nothing on the website about them being closed on a Saturday. I walk in and there's people all over the store, including the "help" that's cleaning the "lead" from the range. They are all wearing work clothes and jumpsuits and... Flip Flops? Makes no sense to me. Anyway, I go to the front desk and they tell me the range is closed. I asked, "On a Saturday?" The lady at the desk tells me, "Ya, we are cleaning the range. Was supposed to be done last night, but they went home early." Alright, your cleaning your range. On a Saturday. Unannounced. And you tell me there is nothing you can do about it? You can't give me an hour of range time for my inconvenience? I drive up from Florence to visit your range during business hours and your front line people don't see fit to give me or any one of the other people that showed up something for their trouble. It's not us that came when you were closed, it's you who were closed when you said you were open.   Next time I'll just go straight to Caswells and not deal with the lack of customer service at Ted's.
5 We would go frequently if they had more online deals. It's kind of expensive to be a regular if you don't own your own gun (and we got the lane for free). I love the place though!
4 What a fun date night! I have not gone to a shooting range in in YEARS so when my husband planned on us going for date night I was a little apprehensive. The minute we walked in we were greeted by the staff. It was a pretty full night but we did not have to wait long for our lane and while we waited the gentleman behind the counter explained the rental gun choices to me and helped me pick one. All and all the service was great and my zombie shooting skills aren't too bad either ;)
4 How can you not like a shooting range? It's guaranteed fun and a great way to spend an hour or two of your day.   The people are friendly and it's close to my house - you get 4 stars. The only reason I knocked one off is because I always have a bit of a wait (so maybe bring a sack lunch - or don't go on weekends) and the reload ammo they sell is a tad bit expensive. But that's not the biggest of deals. I'll continue to shoot here.
5 I drove all the way up from Tucson because someone told me Ted's had two AR lowers in stock for sale. However, when I got there, they had only one in stock. They felt bad so they sold me the one they had a really good price and hooked me up with 50 rounds of ammo and an ar-15 to plink in their range. Dan and Buck were awesome and I would gladly drive 2 hours up from Tucson next time to spend my money.
5 Two good gun shops in one day! At last, I have choices. I bought a pistol at another area shop today, but they were out of 9mm ammo. One of the folks who worked there recommended I head to Ted's post haste. Staff was friendly, made suggestions and actually weren't charging scalper prices for ammo which is currently in very high demand. It's a 20 minute drive to get there, but I'll be back.
5 Awesome range, great customer service.  Car wouldn't start and one of them came out to help me get it started.  Every employee I interacted with was very pleasant and helpful, and to me service is King.  Go find this hidden gem.
4 Ted's is a good little range. Well maintained, the AC works and it's not all windy down range like some others that cause your targets to flap around. The staff is friendly and the prices are reasonable. There used to be issues with lack of supervision of the renters causing some unsafe handling of guns, but I haven't seen that in a long time. I go about 3 times per month and always enjoy it. One bonus is they aren't "range nazis" like Caswell's and let me use my slide fire.
5 Great range kinda hidden so definitely use the directions.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.   They had a choice of either factory or loaded ammo.  Prices are fair they also give military discount for the lane.  I will definitely return here.
4 I've been going to Ted's every couple of weeks for a year now.  I've never had a bad experience.  The staff behind the counter is always polite and I have never noticed them speaking down to their patrons.  I have been shooting regularly for five years and last week I had  a problem with my gun that I had never experienced before.  The guy behind the counter took the time to look the gun over and noticed the cause of the problem that I had missed.  He was respectful and did not talk down to me.  Some gun shop workers treat their customers like idiots.  The staff here has always been nice.  If you want to shoot for a discounted fee but don't go often enough to justify a membership, get their prepaid card for $100.  It reduces the fee from $14 down to $10 each time you rent a lane.  Great deal and no expiration.  The only thing that would make this range better would be a dedicated range officer behind the line at all times.  You just don't know the competency of the people around you and having a trained professional there to immediately step in a stop a potential problem would be welcomed.
1 This place is a joke.  Stopped in to shoot a few rounds and see if they had a small level or some other tool/knowledge to help me level a new scope on a rifle.  Of all the 4 people working there, ranging from 20's to 50's I'd say, they all said they had no idea of how to level or zero/sight in a scope.  Really ??  WOW, maybe you should not work with firearms.  I have also shot there once or twice and was treated rude.
5 Its not the biggest range and this is not where I go to buy guns. I go here to shoot plain and simple, and I like the range! The people that work here on the weekends are great, I cant speak for the mid week crew. They have nice "desks" in the range that have plenty of space and there is a place to store your extra targets. They do keep it safe but they are not range nazis either. Stay shooting my friends!
5 I love this place the first time there. I joined and spent $300 for a 14 month membership. Reason; Amanda, Clint and Kyle........... Not to mention NO EGO'sssssssssssssss
5 I do not understand the negative response to this business!!! I have been shooting and training for 15 years with pistols & revolvers. The staff here is positive with no EGO'S! You can come here and sight in your pistol, rifle or revolver with no restraints. The ownership and staff here want you to enjoy and excel in this world of shooting sport. I have to say even though this range is much farther than the my last membership, I would come here in Nano second before going any where else!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 First to those that have negative comments in regards to sighting a rifle or pistol. Talk to Amanda, she well zero your firearm with a bore laser. Second, for those numbskulls who think you can get a firearm with out a photo ID are not the sharpest knife in the drawer. It's federal law! As far as prices for firearms or ammo, I do not know what these people are smoking. I go to the internet and gun shows. Ted's matches or beats their ammo prices (yes it's reloads) but if I get a FTF the staff replace the rounds no problems. Oh by the way, out 500 rounds so far I have had 3 FTF. Plus its very clean..... Third, I drive out of the way to go there. I know Ted's would not like this comment but you nay Sayers thank you, because maybe somebody believes what you are saying and that will make this place less crowded. Go ahead and pay more to other ranges that treat you like the way you deserve....
5 Been here three times now. Everyone has been very nice and helpful. I was a new shooter and this was the first time I went to a shooting range. I was a bit nervous it being my first time but the employees made it comfortable. Employees were informative but also gave you your space.   The range is kind of small so there isnt anyone standing over your shoulder all the time, They supervise Via cameras and every so often an employee walks through to make sure everything is ok. Its nice to not have someone hawking you while you are trying to have fun.  Prices are pretty good to. They sell reloads, I wish were a bit cheaper but still they are affordable and factory ammo sold here is pretty much on par with anyone else.  Last time I was there Micheal was working. Very helpful, he is also the instructor for the firearms training classes. He took the time to answer all the questions my brother and I had.  I love shooting at Ted's and will continue coming here!
5 Teds is a very nice indoor range and I have found their staff to be friendly and helpful. I tok a class here and leaned a lot. I look forward to going each time.
4 The gentlemen here are always welcoming and nice. My wife LOVES coming here. Reasonable prices as well.
5 Went here for a date and had a great time. The employees were super nice and so helpful. I'll definitely be going back!
5 This is an excellent shooting range. I just bought my first gun. I took two of their classes. I am so thankful for their endless patience. They are so knowable and kind. I feel so much better about owning a gun and being able to protect myself after taking their classes! They go above and beyond to help you and keep you safe.
4 Have been to Teds somewhat frequently over the past 2 years. The staffs is friendly, efficient and thorough. The lanes are basic, clean and dependable. Business seems consistent and when there is a wait for a lane, it isn't usually very long. The customer/ shooter mentality seems safer then other ranges in the area.
3 Not bad
4 Teds is awesome!  Would have rated them a 5 but the employee I worked with today wasn't  the best representation of their team.
5 These guys are the best . Always helpful and more then happy to answer any questions you have or just shoot the breeze with you. Honest and will do what they say. Nice place they even have silenced guns you can rent and shoot too, every guy wants to give that a shot at least once in their life time. There is no pressure to buy anything. They are available to help if needed otherwise you feel free to just look around. This place feels good and is where I enjoy taking my wife and look forward to taking my boys once they are old enough.
5 I don't get the negative reviews. I like the place. Range is decent. Employees are friendly. Good selection of guns and ammo. If you don't like the prices, don't buy anything. It's great to have a range in the neighborhood. I buy as much as I can from them. Ammo, targets ect. Its not Wal-Mart. They need to turn a profit or they will go out of business. And by the way, I did shoot one of the target hangers. No big deal. I felt stupid and they charged me $5.00. No biggie.
4 Love this place. Good people working here. Lanes are reasonable in price. It is nice to see the same people behind the counter each time I visit.
