5 Sapphire Bookkeeping has been great helping me start and maintain my small business.  She knows everything I need to do and if she doesn't know something, she researches it quickly.  My payroll is always done very quickly after submitting our hours and she travels to my home if I need help going over anything.  Last year at tax time, she was sure to call and ask about additional deductions, helping us make sure to find everything and help us maximize our taxes.  I recommend Sapphire to friends who are starting small businesses or running larger ones.  They are very organized and professional!
5 Seriously...it can't get any better. It's just not possible. Sapphire Bookkeeping is amazing and completely understands individual as well as small business needs/desires. I own a small company and initially was doing all of the bookkeeping myself, then hired a company I found on Craigslist who destroyed all of my files (meaning made them super unorganized and random) so Sapphire Bookkeeping swept in and in no time fixed all the errors and got me back on track. We work with Tiffany and she is always quick with answers to any question or need we have. They have been an incredible asset to our company growth and have helped us tremendously. I have already recommended several other business to Sapphire Bookkeeping and I will continue to do so.
5 What can I say? Sapphire Bookkeeping is AMAZING!  Efficient knowledgeable and overall the best you can get. I love working with Tiffany, and don't know where I would be without her. She helps keep my small business in order, and organized. She is super helpful when I have a question or need assistance. Tiffany runs everything very professionally keeping me on track, and I can't thank her enough for everything she has helped me with. Tiffany knows her stuff, and is there to help you along every step of the way!
5 I can't say enough about what Sapphire Bookkeeping has done for our family's tax prep! We were so disorganized and always late until we found Sapphire. In one year Tiffany has totally transformed the way we approach our taxes and even makes the process enjoyable! The ability to work over email with everthing digital makes tax time the easiest it can be. Any individual or family who needs help with their taxes should hire Sapphire.
5 I was looking to change accountants and reached out to Sapphire accounting to file my 2013 taxes. Tiffany was extremely professional. knowledgeable and on the ball. She was accommodating to my schedule, and turned around my filing in record time. I highly recommend Sapphire for their professional attitude and great service.
5 Sapphire has been great for my small business!!  My books were a MESS, because, well, I don't have time and hate balancing them.  This team got me up and running quickly and works with my schedule so that I don't have to be without my books during business hours.  I almost look forward to tax season now!
