5 Dr. Mitch is extremely personable and professional when address your health and treatment. The facility has an amazingly friendly staff and Candice's massages are the best I've had! How can you not check them out when they are currently offering free x-ray, consult & massage? Your body will be grateful, trust me!
5 Dr. Mitch is a very warm, caring and professional Chiropractor. His office is very welcoming and the staff is eager to help you at all times.  I have had the best care and treatments from Dr. Mitch and his staff.  Going to his clinic is always a very positive experience.  I am always looking forward to my next visit.  Dr. Mitch is the best!!!!
5 Dr. Mitch has sincerely improved the quality of my life.  I have been having terrible migraines, which started coming every day at 2:30 P.M.  They were debilitating and excruciating.  I spent most of each day with my head packed in ice.  I tried many things.  Diet, mouthguards, pillows; to no avail.  Then I went to Pain Stop.  Dr. Mitch is very warm and professional.  His staff is affable and more than competent.  They started me on their migraine protocol.  They shoot some magic potion up into my sinuses to desensitize the nerves.  The first time I had one, I went 2 days without a headache.  Now after my 5th shot, I've gone a week without one!  It has literally been months since I've gone this long without a blinding headache.  I also take advantage of their massage therapist, Dr. Mitch's adjustments and their stretching machines.  It is a really nice office that plays pretty cool music.  They have many other services, from allergy testing, homeopathy, to hormone testing.  I am eternally grateful to have found Dr. Mitch and Pain Stop Chiropractic!
5 Dr. Mitch and the entire staff has been extremely profession, and welcoming! I came to them due to a severe injury that I had sustained with my back, and I can not thank them enough for their help. Even tho I walked into the office as a patient not only have I been treat with the up-most professional care. The environment has always been warm, friendly but most importantly they treat you like family! How many medical offices can you say do that? (from my experiences not a lot!) Generally I only do recommendations of places by word of mouth or if someone asks me. However I felt that I needed to post this review for them, to let as many people know how FANTASTIC they are!
5 Dr Mitch and his team have literally changed my life. I have lived with back pain for years and after two pregnancies in three years it was to the point of being unbearable. I have been going to him for a few months and feel amazing. No more migraines, back pain, hip pain and they have even helped me with my weightloss! his staff is beyond supportive and going to see them is truly enjoyable. I have also gotten my husband to become a regular, which is hard to do but he likes Dr Mitch and his team so much its not much of a fight!
5 I have been going to see Dr. Healey for almost two years.  He, and his staff, are terrific and the office is run very efficiently with little waiting for treatment.  The massages by Candice are fantastic.
5 I want to express my gratitude to Dr. Mitch and his staff. I went in with extreme neck pain. I've had this issue in the past and the other chiropractors I went to just didn't help.  I will recommend Dr. Mitch and his wonderful staff to everyone I know.  Thank you so much!
5 Dr. Mitch and his staff are the BEST!!! I always leave there feeling a million bucks!!! They will go out of there way to not only get you in when you need but make sure you leave feeling better!!!! Check them out!
