4 it is normally not like me to give a good rating on anything that is associated with the DMV but this is definitely an exception. They have a new tool that you can few current wait times at any emission location which makes going and scheduling time to do so, SO much easier.  I was able to run on my lunch break and i was in and out of there in less than 10 minutes. The current wait time when i left my job was 2 minutes and that was how long i waited to get my testing done.  YAY for something done correctly and in a organized manner with the DMV.
4 I'm a fan of this station only because it is closest to where I live.  I hate that I have to go through this hassle for every vehicle I own every year - and worse, for my motorcycle and qauds - which always pass, but it means for me alone that is three trips a year.  And what is worse is that they cannot test the quads on the trailer, you have to take them off.  That is majorly stupid.  But I guess it's just the cost of living in maricopa county.  Anyway, I had to get my truck tested most recently, so I pull up and the wait time is 13 minutes.  There is only one bay open for diesels, so that is my line.  After not moving for 15 minutes, they finally opened a second bay, and I got in that line so I could be next.  Another ten minutes passes and the bay clears.  I fire up the beast to move forward, and the testing guy stops me, explaining that his "manager" told him that a vehicle that was out front would be backing in to test.  When I asked why didn't that vehicle have to wait like everybody else, his only answer was "my manager told me to do this."  I think the manager was a weasel for making his tech deal with an impatient driver, but whatever.  He offered to let me cut in front of the guy next to me who had been waiting even longer than I, but I chose to suck it up and wait in my line.  He told me he would go as quickly as he could.  ten minutes later, I was out with my pass.  MAJOR kudos to the very polite tech who pushed me through quickly, MAJOR jeers for the manager that "delegated" his responsibility to deal with customers.  I'm so looking forward to my other required tests - but glad there are techs that care enough to do a great job.
4 I work for a dealership and sometimes have to bring cars down for an emissions test. No one ever visits the emissions testing station for FUN, but despite that, the staff has always been courteous and pleasant with me. Their website has current images and wait times, which can be beneficial, unless a crowd of people show up between the time I leave the office and get there. I've been to a few stations in the valley, and this one seems to be my favorite - if that's even possible.
4 It's an Emissions Testing Station.  My standards are pretty low.  The wait was appropriate given the line I was in.  I would have given it 5 stars if they had a line for vehicles that didn't need their exhaust hooked up to get tested ( vehicle computer testing) like mine.
4 Went on a wednesday at 2:30 pm and I was the only person in line. 3 cars were there when I left. This is the place to go. I went to the N. Scottsdale location the day before and all 4 bays had at least 7 cars in line. I turned around & left. Go to the washington location.
3 Let's face it... who wants to go to the emissions test center and wait in line?  After all, it does ADD a task to renewing a car's registration.  And who wants to deal with the DMV.  Oh, me, of course.  alas, visiting the emissions test centers in AZ is something that us folks with 5+year old cars must do every couple of years.   Here is my take on this particular station in a quick and down and dirty review that should help you figure things out.    #1.  Check the website to see what the wait time is.   #2.  READ the signs posted above the bays BEFORE you instinctively decide to take the shorter line.  SOMETIMES, the longer line goes faster because it is for cars that are younger than 10 years old.  READ the signs first! #3.  Be prepared to get out of your car when you pull in to the bay.  They need to get in your car to hook up the device that reads your car's computer.  BE PREPARED.  Have your card ready.   #4.  Don't wait until the last minute!  Go BEFORE your expiration date, like on the 17th of the month or the 10th.    I kicked this review down to #3 because the station at 16th street handled a bigger crowd more efficiently.  Let's face it, we just want to get the heck outta there and efficiency is much more important to me.  The staff was still friendly and operated with fast precision.  They know what they are doing.
5 I was in and out in less than 15 minutes. It wasn't half the hassle I was imagining it to be (it was my first time).  Cost is $27 and some change for regular vehicles.   There's a website that shows you up-to-date wait times for all the emission testing stations in the valley. Pretty cool!
4 Now that my cars are getting older, emissions testing has become a semi-regular thing. This is the only place I will go. The staff is pretty friendly, and the wait times are generally small. I also genuinely appreciate that the facilities are open until 7 p.m. I second the recommend for the myazcar website, it will tell you what the current wait time is. If only all government stuff was this easy to deal with.
3 HOT TIP FOR ALL WITH VEHICLES 1996 and OLDER ~~~~  Get in the OBD ONLY line (Lane #1)!    The OBD test is the emissions test for vehicles 1996 and older!!  I found this out when I pulled into lane #2 and waited for 30 minutes to finally get up to the bay.  Lanes 1 and 3 were cruising.  Guess the tech in lane #2 didn't have his go juice that morning last week.    Check the website to get up-to-the-minute wait times.
4 This is a great location. It's kind hidden and there is not a lot of wait time. I was in and out in 15 minutes. It's so fast once you get in the testing zone, they were done and I was like "that'sit!" By the way, I have a Hybrid car and thought is was bogus the MVD made me get emissions this year.
4 The OBD only lane 1 was closed when I went. I got in the lane to the right of lane 1 (lane 2?). There were three cars in front of me. The online wait time (cool feature) showed 10 minutes. That's exactly how long it took for the three cars in front of me. So I was in and out in less than 20 minutes from the time I arrived (actually, I didn't time it, but that's about right).
3 First time visiting this facility.  Went there around 4pm on a Thursday afternoon.  Only 1 lane open, Lane 2 to be exact.  There were about 4 cars in front of me.  Few minutes after I arrived there, they opened up Lanes 1 & 3.  I got lucky and was pointed to Lane 1.  Fifth car in Lane 2 and was the first car getting into Lane 1.  Took about 10 minutes to get everything settle and out of the site.  Wished they would just open up all 3 lanes in the beginning so people wouldn't have to wait in line for long.  The cost for the emission was $27.75 for 2 years.  I believe that Tucson residents get charged less.  Check the ADEQ site before you go so you can find out how long you will be waiting.
4 Try to go around 20th-23rd! How fast!!  I went in 2 times, same day, and dint wait but 4 minutes per trip.
5 This was strangely painless. You can check wait times online and see what you're in store for. The listed wait time was 14 minutes and I think I only really waited for 8 minutes.   The employees are friendly, fast and efficient- which can't be easy because it's got to be a hard job.   All in all- it was a very nice surprise. The test was quick and very nice service. Well done!
5 Donna inside the lobby was the most helpful, sweetest, most genuine person I've ever worked with at the facility like that. She explained everything in a very clear way and was more than willing to help me so that I did not have to use my free test after my first emission failure. So glad I came across her!
