5 Created a vehicle design that represented our company and effectively drove traffic to our business.
5 Amazing business and staff! They designed and wrapped my son's DOC band free of charge. Super friendly and welcoming. I would recommend them based solely on their friendly customer service.
1 I was initially impressed with the owner Dustin and his graphic designer when I talked with them about doing work for my start-up company.  They committed to doing our logo in 2 weeks and then working with us on design and installation of wrap.  After 3 weeks and my repeated calls about the status, Dustin informed me the designer was no longer employed there but that his new designer would have three options for the logo for my consideration later that day (Monday) or the next day at the latest.  Finally on Friday at 7:00 PM I received a text with an image of one logo design.  I responded to the designer's text that I would like to meet with him on Monday morning to discuss it and work through modifications.  He responded that 9:00 would be fine.  He didn't show for the meeting, only a lame excuse that he was "stuck in traffic".  After a complete month of waiting for The Wrap Shoppe to fulfill as much as one commitment, we decided to call it a "rap" and pull the plug.
1 I think that the free service that you provide for parents who have children with medical equipment needs is awesome.  I was so excited to have my son's DOC Band wrapped by your company.  I saw your facebook page and read the information for DOC Band Parents carefully.   On your FB page is says "Walk-ins welcome for creative consultation between the hours 9am-3:30pm @ 1745 W. Deer Valley Rd, suite 128."  Being a full time working parent who lives in Mesa this was going to be hard for me.  However I had a day off of school on February 17th. so I made the trek out to your facility, my 6 year old and 5 month old in tow.  When I got there I was expecting a "Creative Consultation takes 15-35 minutes, we will go over doc band wrap process, measure, go over creative ideas for band, take down Parents contact information and tour The Wrap Shoppe to show the wrapping process in work."  I was at your shop for less than 5 minutes, and there definitely wasn't a tour.  The gentleman at the front desk hand wrote all my information on a white sheet of paper, including my design idea and sent me on my way.  He didn't even measure anything, just noted that the Velcro clasp was on the right.  Before I left he said that it would take about 2 weeks to have the design ready, and that it would be emailed to me for my approval.  I was kind of sad about this because again your FB page states "Parents will receive artwork proof for doc band within 8 business days via e-mail, that was provided during creative consultation."  Despite what your FB page says I know it is a free service and a side job so I sat patiently and checked my e-mail and SPAM email daily.  It has now been 3 weeks since drove 45 minutes to your shop, and I still haven't seen a design.  My son will most likely be getting his DOC Band off in 3-4 weeks and I am disappointed that it is still plain white.   If you happen to come across a Disney Pixar design for Chance I would be glad to still take a look at it.  I would suggest that you change the information on your facebook page so that future parents will have correct information on the process and have realistic expectation on what to expect for their child's DOC Band wrap.  Thank you for your time.   ~Kim R
5 The Wrap Shoppe did a wonderful job on our vehicle for 'burn injuries' to match the Burn Injury Lawyers billboards.  Brandon designed the artwork beautifully and they did a great job on the vehicle!  We would recommend The Wrap Shoppe - they are very skilled and did a professional job that we're very happy with.  --The Entrekin Law Firm
