4 This park use to have a ton of peacocks roaming around.  It's so sad to see them gone.  The grounds are maintained pretty well.  I love how large the park is, there is plenty of space to spread out and play Frisbee, or what have you.  They also have sand volleyball, dog park, soccer fields and baseball fields.  The bbq area is set up perfectly for large parties, I've been to a few here and it's always a great time.
4 This is a nice park and I agree with the previous reviewer that the grounds are very well maintained. I attended a wedding here in their rose garden. The rose garden was a lot smaller than what I expected, but the overall area was a great place to do a wedding. I like that they have chickens roaming around, we got to see a mother hen and her chicks following her around... very cute!
4 Beautiful wish they did tours though
5 A big slice of the great outdoors, sandwiched between suburbia and the local college! Bring kids, bring family, bring a large group of athletic friends. Saguaro is where FUN happens.  -A dog park with lots of running room  -Lots of places to play sports, including at least two soccer fields  -A vast playground for kids  -Several sand volleyball courts  -A huge, I mean HUGE area to barbecue.   -Citrus grove to gawk at historical sites or chill out under some very old orange trees.  -A cactus garden. I don't understand the significance of this, it's just a peaceful, special place to me.  Yes, I too miss the abundance of peacocks. They do still pay a visit from time to time! I usually don't go to parks as a form of entertainment, but when I do, Saguaro never lets me down.
5 My boyfriend took my to this park yesterday and I loved it. He had mentioned it a few weeks ago and told me about peacocks that roam around and I almost didn't believe him. Well it is definitely true. There was also a very large chicken. We didn't get to walk around to all of the areas because I brought my little dog and wanted to make sure he had plenty of shade and water. I will definitely return in the future to explore other areas.
5 im a photographer and love taking photos here!!! Im glad they started charging $100 for a permit cuz theres not as many people want to pay that fee so not the park isnt as busy as it use to be
