5 This is a review for "THE GATES OF HELL"    Let me first start by saying that I'm not a big fan of haunted houses due to the fact that I feel alot of them are cheesy and the suspense factor is mediocre, but this one my friends is insane!  This year the Freakling Bros. introduce a new haunting experience where you are actually required to sign a waiver prior to entering.  It's the first of its kind in Vegas and is considered to be an R-Rated adventure.  Why you ask?  Well, I do not want to give too much of the details away, but let's just say that you will be touched, you will be surprised, and you will get cursed at!  You've gotta check it out for yourself!  Location:  95N / Rainbow in the United Artists Promenade.  There are 3 haunted houses there , but the one I am referring to is called "The Gates of Hell".  Pros:  * Scary as Hell !  They definitely had my heart pumping  * $12. . . not bad for a good scare  * pretty lengthy walk through the Gates of Hell (oh yeah!)   Cons:  * super long,slow lines (they only let 5 people in at a time)  * there was a door malfunction while we were waiting so the long wait turned into an even longer wait!  Tips:  * if you get cold easily, make sure to bring a sweater  * get there early or else be ready to stand in a long line  * there is a special deal that saves you money if you check out all 3 hauntings ($27)  * ATM available on-site, but save money and get cash prior to avoid ATM fees  * Hot Dogs, Nachos, and Pop available  * Use the restroom prior to going *You can print discount coupons onine: http://www.freaklingbros.com/couponsignup.html  Overall: Recommended... Highly recommended!  I'd definitely go again!
2 It was Ok for a Haunted House. They have been making a big deal of the Rated-R house, and since I am I big fan of Hunted houses, I came to see how making it Rated-R improved the experience. It didn't, I was very disappointing, now it started off good with having to sign a waiver, but I felt that the only change was that they were now able to curse at me.  Whoopee! If I wanted to be cursed at, I would walk thru a High School Cafeteria, which would also be a lot scarier.
5 LOVE the Freakling Brothers attractions! These guys know how to give you a good scare! They were just rated the scariest Haunted House in THE USA! As someone who doesn't like scary movies, this really really gets your blood pumping! It was exciting, scary and very memorable. The R rated Haunted house is a step up in adult scary..not something for the faint of heart, nor for those that don't like feelings of claustrophobia, and definitely not for the kids. We had a great time just hanging out watching the people emerge shaken, and scared out of their wits from the three haunts on site.  27.00 gets you in to all three or 1 for 12. there is also a FAST PASS that gets you to the front of all three lines for 10.00 (totally worth it in my opinion- and you get a tee shirt out of it!) Really Really a fun Halloween thing to do, especially great if you are out on a first date as you will be clinging to each other scared that something is going to come out of the dark and get you.
5 You seen the rest now see the best! The Feakling brothers attractions is the best you will ever see.  Leave the strip behind and head out to see these guys. You will not be disappointed!  A scare around every corner and never a dull moment. There is no kids trying to scare you in these haunted houses. No day glow paint or cheesy props in any of this trilogy of terror. Best deal for your money 3 haunted houses for a low price. It a lot cheaper than some of their completers on the strip. Go see these guys! You will not be disappointed!
5 I have to say they really outdid themselves this year! I enjoy the freakling bros haunted houses every year. The quality of acting, the characters remaining STOICLY in character in the face of cheeky customers is EXCELLENT. But this new R-rated house was just amazing. It struck a whole new chord versus the ones where the actors do not touch. Both are incredible in their own way. The new one played on all the senses EXPERTLY--sight, sound, touch, and smell. For me incorporating every sense except taste brought it from a 2D experience to a fully interactive 3D one. Was GREAT.
5 A wonderful,  local, fun attraction. Produced by true Halloween lovers. I will make sure to attend again next year. Fun, creative, frightening!
2 Okay so vampire and circus of fear were alright, a lot of dead space and plenty of places inside each house that more people could of been added..if your a prop person you'll love this scare factor was eh...however the gates of hell was awesome and really the only house in the trilogy worthy of going too and the money..sorry 12.00 for the others are so not worth it..I would still agree that asylum and hotel fear are WAYi better..so at least do the gates of hell then head over to the asylum to finish it off...I would have given it 3 stars for the gates of hell alone but one out of 3, no way more then 2..not much entertainment outside and the workers are pretty serious I like interaction outside with them scaring you and getting u ready.. we were entertained but Not scared sooo guess depends on what your looking for
5 What a bunch of FREAKS. This place did a friggin awesome job of making me crap my pants! I'll never forget this and will tell stories about this for some time.   I was fortunate enough to get a VIP pass from a friend in the media so I didn't have to wait in what looked like pretty LONG lines. But, they do have entertainment while you wait. The Donkey Show.  It's pretty weird, but you can't help but to watch and it will help the time pass.   So, there are 3 haunted houses - Admission is $12 for the Circus & Vampire houses, $15 for the Gates of Hell (Rated R) OR $30 for all 3 which seems to be the best deal.   All 3 were a blast and had their moments. I don't want to spoil the fun or surprise, so I won't get into the details. But HOLY #%$@ - The Gates of Hell is messed up! It's by far the scariest, and you need to sign a waiver prior to entering as it's the first full contact sensory overload haunted house in the Western US.
5 By FAR, the best in the Western U.S...if not the best in the entire country.  Growing up as a huge fan of Freakling Bros, my review may be a little biased. However, I have visited every haunt in Las Vegas, and a few in California (Knott's and Universal), and none have even come CLOSE to the creativity and pure scare factor of the Freakling Bros.   What really sets Freakling Bros apart is in the way they scare. You may be thinking, "Well, it's a different haunted house, of course the way they scare is going to be different." However, the core of the way Freakling Bros. thinks is different. They are true masters of fear, and rely almost entirely on psychological shock value. You won't see any gore or chainsaws here. Many of their scares are unlike any I have seen before. In addition, they space the scares out in such a way that each scare is given its own unique place. This formula tends to lead PERFECTLY to each of their houses' patented finale scare. Having had a fairly successful home haunt for 7 years, I have been forced to learn at least the basics of the science of scaring. Trust me, Freakling Bros. has got this down.   Freakling Bros. currently consists of Castle Vampyre, The Circus of Horrors, and the R-rated, 17+ GATES OF HELL.   Pros: + Incredible creativity and scare factor +They send you in in small groups (at most 5). This really is the best way to do it in the haunt industry. It's a better experience for the guests, and an easier experience for the actors. +Very good atmosphere. Each house has its own set of characters out front, setting the perfect mood right from the get-go. Go ahead and try to make them break character...they won't. Ever. +Pretty long walk-throughs...you wouldn't always think so from the outside.   Cons:  - Long lines if you don't get the Fast Pass for 10 extra dollars. But you get a T-shirt, so they definitely give you value. And anyway, you're going to be waiting in long lines wherever you go, so there's really no getting around that. - It's a persona thing, but I wish that they would replace their houses sooner than every 10-11 years. It's expensive, and it is hard to come up with entirely new themes, but I personally am usually ready to see a new house every few years. A 6-7 year life-span would be ideal for me.   CHECK THESE GUYS OUT...YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!
4 I haven't been to a haunted house since I was a child.  This place scared the heck out of me but brought me back to good childhood memories.  There were 3 haunted houses, admission was $12.  There were freaks (actors) walking around, scaring and entertaining the crowd.  The wrestlers in the ring was a tad odd......but entertaining.  I recommend going if you want a good scare and a good time with the friends and family!
4 **WARNING THIS MAZE ATTRACTION IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART**    Before I begin reviewing the nuts and bolts of this maze I want to provide you a bit of background. I've gone to Universal Halloween Horror Nights, Blumhouse Horror in DTLA and Knotts Scary Farm - and I enjoy them all for what they are - pricey, sanitized, special effect  focused events.    Trilogy of Terror is NOT any of these. It is a raw in your FACE (literally) MAZE. When I have gone through mazes in the past,  I never had the filling of wanting to "just finish it and get through it" but I felt this several times. I think that's what people call panic or anxiety. You get lost(several times), bump into walls(because you can't see) and get terrified at each dark corner. Clearly, liability of people falling and tripping over themselves is not a concern. Sometimes during parts of the maze they border on pure negligence, in part because they don't tell you where to go. Sometimes you're just standing there hoping someone comes out and tells you where to go - but I guess that's part of the experience. AND YES, if you stand there long enough someone will come out and direct you where to continue.   They have your traditional boogeymen slamming cans against the wall and people jumping out of corners - but the real scary thing about these mazes is that the sets and construction look as old as they feel. For instance at Universal HHN even though they do a masterful job of set design it never had a old skool haunted maze feel - it just looked too "professional." The set designs here do just a good enough job detailing things, where necessary, but not being cheesy. THEY FOCUS ON SCARING YOU. Which in my book is the real reason why you should come here. This was the first set of mazes I had to give myself HAND MUFFS (that's when you place your hands over your ears  to muffle sounds).  I don't get scared of mazes because I think these actors are really going to hurt me or that the props are real. The REAL thing that scares me of a good maze is how many jolts and unexpected tricks they execute, basically, how many times do they keep me guessing and how many times I jumped - and I was guessing & jumping the WHOLE time. So if you are looking for a one of a kind TRUE JOLT YOUR SENSES EXPERIENCES - SCARE YOUR A$$ OFF THINGS TO DO DURING THE HALLOWEEN SEASON DO THIS.   EXTRA TIPS AND SUGGESTIONS: *Do all 3 mazes and pay for the package 3 for 1 price ($30) Individually it's $10 for clown and vampire maze and $15 for the 666 maze - you save yourself $9 if you buy the package deal. All the mazes are worth your while.   *666 MAZE: THEY CAN AND WILL TOUCH YOU. This is the only maze where they use vulgar language and the actors will grab your leg or your sides as you are walking through the maze. IF YOU ARE NOT OKAY WITH THIS DON'T DO THIS MAZE - They make you sign a waiver before you go in(NO JOKE). The touching isn't too intrusive and nothing obscene occurs but if you like your personal bubble don't do this maze.   *Electric jolts - During the mazes they use small jolts of electricity to scare you. It doesn't really hurt and not everyone get's jolted(i did), but you can get literally get shocked!  *Small groups (2-4): They put you into very small groups and you never never see the group in front or behind you. You really are secluded walking through the maze. So if you have a large group prepare to be broken up - trust it makes the experience more scarier.   *VIP LINE: We went on Thursday night around 9:30pm and we didn't need it at all. Here's how it works if you buy a $10 T-shirt they let you cut in line to all the mazes. The line goes kind of fast but if there is a super long line splurge and pay for the shirt and cut the lines.    Real Quick - why not 5 stars?: The mazes are well designed but they really need to do a better of job of directing you. More than twice we went into access ways and points of entrances during the maze where we weren't supposed to. Also, on one of the mazes my wife hit her face on one of the fences because we didn't know where we were going.
4 Had a scary good time at this amazing collection of haunted houses.  They were well-paced to keep you guessing and your heart pumping.  Congrats to the very creative and weird people who think up these creepy things.
4 My girlfriend and I decided to spend Halloween Eve going around the haunted houses and eventually made our way to the Freakling Brothers Trilogy. I was scared of haunted houses for years but I was eager to see these three and experience the scares. We had problems with the ATM and actually got to meet the designer of the mazes, who helped us get tickets and brought us to the VIP lines, free of charge. I had so much fun and I was so scared but I was so caught up in the adrenalin that my fear wasn't taking over, but letting me enjoy myself. They did a great job with all the dark hallways and final scares towards the end of each haunt. I loved the Castle Vampyre!!! And actually wasn't too traumatized by the R rated Gates of Hell, but totally loved it!! I would so go again!!! It was awesome :)
5 This is not like your " big theme park horror nights!" This is for those that want their wits scared out of them.  Your fear level is being tested as the actors are able to touch you. Any maze that has you sign a release form before entering is definitely a FEAR tester.
5 Lets start at the beginning. A few years back (Mortuary's last year open) we decided to check out as many haunted houses as possible in Las Vegas. We started with 13th floor at Circus Circus....good for small children. Then we went to the Fright Dome... Okay, but I though WOW I am getting old. Got a few screams and startles out of me, the general area had people that startled me more than the attractions themselves. The we went to the Trilogy of Terror.  OMG best night ever. Went on a Thursday and felt as if we were the haunts targeted victim. We ended up meeting the Father Son team that created Trilogy of Terror, because they had concerns for my boyfriend who walks with a cane going through the haunts. Nicest guys ever.  We went to about 6 more haunts in Las Vegas and on Halloween weekend ended up back at Trilogy of Terror. The next year mortuary was taken down and Gates of Hell was open. Not to give anything away, but there was a part where the  floor your standing on drops about an inch. I screamed so loud and (my new thing I do Laugh when I am nervous) started laughing uncontrollably that the terrorist/Cast Member asked if I was alright. We have already gone once with friends this year. When we got there this year, you are greeted by people who take your picture in front of a green screen, my first thought was just another way to make money. Well I have to say I was impressed with there pictures and the pricing.  In fact we ended up purchasing 4 pictures, so everyone in our party could have one. if you can only go to ONE place this year for your haunting experience this should be the place. Great for little and big kids. We took a 12 year old with us this year and while the other adults went into the Gates of Hell, he didn't feel left out because we went and got him a picture. So frickin cool.....We don't even try the other haunts anymore. This IS as good as it gets.
5 Definitely worth it!!!  The best haunted house I've been to in a long time!  I didn't make it all the way through and screamed Purgatory lol!  Go and be ready to be scurrrredddddd.  Props to Freakling Brothers!
5 We try to get to all the haunted houses here in LV every season and this one was the best so far. I only wish that did the other 2 on site before the "gates of hell".
1 .
1 I began my night at The Trilogy of Terror at the Circus haunted house which thoroughly frightened me but I could handle. The Vampire house I enjoyed even more. However, its the Gates of Hell that you have to be aware of.   I did go through the Gates of Hell this past Saturday despite being extremely nervous, however I figured I could get through it and then be able to talk about it with all my friends. They make you sign a waiver that doesn't look too official and being in the Public Relations business I just figured it was a stunt to get people to come. I didn't make it all the through, I had to say the safe word to get out and I left the house midway through, trembling and in tears.   The house was pretty normal, with some added grabbing of a leg or arm when jumped out at, however once you enter a room that smells absolutely rancid things change. A woman jumped out of now where and instead of just a grab of the arm or leg she pinned me to the wall mumbling some demented rant, in my pure terror I reacted in a way you shouldn't in any haunted house and became even more frightened and tried to run away but I honestly saw no other way out. This only gave her the opportunity to pin me in a corner with no way out for me to leave. I was the one who was most scared to go in this attraction out of all my friends, my group was pleading with her to get off me. What happened next absolutely disgusted me. She LICKED my neck! I began sobbing out of terror and disgust and shouted the safe word. I was immediately whisked out of the haunted house. Paraded out a door in front of the line of people waiting to enter the haunted house, so they could announce that I said the safe word and laugh at me. The whole time i was in tears and trembling. I still was confused if the woman had really licked me but I know I had felt it and vividly rembering looking at her with her mouth wide open and tongue out. However, a friend of mine was chatting with a worker who confirmed that not only does this particular actor lick people but she goes after women more intensely! I felt disgusting and just wanted to get home and shower.   If you like that sort of "haunt" than by all means go for it. I know I am not the only one being licked, my friend who continued through the house after I was removed, said the woman, once I was gone, immediately came to her and licked her face as well. There are numerous reports of people getting licked as well as a news cast about it on a local Las Vegas channel. Its a sick place so be prepared for the absolute worse if you are really willing to try it.
5 As a fan of all things Halloween related doing both Universal Studios Halloween Horror Nights and Knott's Scary Farm as well as other haunts this by far was one of the most outstanding Halloween attractions outside of the Vegas strip. Going to Vegas and having our Sunday night free we decided to go to the Freakling Brothers Trilogy Of Terror for some Halloween fun.   From the outside all 3 look like some sort of carnival setup or something that you see victims go into and never come out of. I never imagined that the houses were made with trailers hooked up because for me it is as real and as good as some of the best haunts I've been to.  All 3 were really well done. I don't want to give away any details. If you go be sure to buy the VIP front of the line pass. Plus you get a tshirt all of an extra $10 not bad.  We started out with Circus of Terror. Let me say that even the ticket takers are dressed up and before you go in a ringmaster asks us if we want to go inside and gives us the rules. Once we set foot inside I was amazed that each one was so detailed so dark and twisted in it's own way. I don't want to give away anything. There are rooms where something happens and rooms where "you have to figure out what to do". Let's say the ending is something I won't ever forget.  We then went into Castle Vampyre. Igor took our tickets and the vampire lady told us the rules and made sure we wanted to go inside. Again it is dark and twisted. This was my favorite out of all 3 of them. There were rooms we had to figure out what to do and some effects that made me stop for a moment because I really thought I had to use "the rope" to go across. The ending had me standing there in awe just watching more than being scared.   The final house we went thru was the Gates of Hell. This one you have to sign a waiver because it is R rated and no one under 17 are admitted. I admit I was pretty freaked out because I found out about one of the things they do but I was fine inside. This one you have a "safe word" similar to Knott's Trapped. But unlike Trapped this is very and I mean VERY intense. YOU are definitely touched, shoved, called names, there is profanity. We ran into a group 2 girls in front of us because they couldn't find their way. Definitely had to use my hands to navigate thru several times it was that dark. The ending really well done.   I can't imagine "The Victim Experience". Just the normal one was intense enough for me. I wanted to say the safe word but managed to get thru the entire experience. One that I won't ever forget.  The pictures they take when you first arrive are top quality and the price isn't bad. We bought 4 of them as a keepsake. Now nothing I do for Halloween will compare to being traumatized by the Freakling Brothers Trilogy Of Terror. Hopefully I will be back in the future.  If you haven't gone and live nearby it's definitely worth it.
4 This was definitely an intense experience! In a good way.   All three attractions had very good effects and tricks in the rooms. There were some actors that were so good as their character that it worried me.   The Gates of Hell was my favorite and was awesomely creepy. They can touch you. So they touch, grab, shove, pinch, shove, and shock you. My friend got her FACE licked which was gross and I am glad it wasn't me!    Without giving too much more away, it was worth the $30 to do all three and I will be coming back next year!
4 So this was the first time i've ever been to a haunted house and i am kind of a wuss so to be honest i was terrified. Especially since once you get there, every now and then there are bangs and noises that can freak you out and not to mention scorcho the clown. My friends and i only went into one of haunted houses and i am glad we did. I think the scariest part of the houses is that they really know how to trick you. Since there are mirrors, sharp turns, and doors that only appear at certain points it's easy to not only get lost but loose other ppl in your group. In the end we ran out of the haunted house screaming and then laughing. This was an amazing experience, one of my friends got scared to the point where she cried, i almost got there but i had sam looking after me ^w^. Over all this place is awesome, the actors are great. My friends and i will be talking about this for a long time
5 Gates of hell is pure terror. It tests your fears, and really makes you think. My girlfriend and I went in castle vampire then gates of hell. We didn't do circus of horror because she HATES clowns.  Anyways. We went in castle vampire first and I thought it was gonna be stupid. And it was not. It was amazing props and illusions. This house was one of the best vampire ones ever. Very well set up. AMAZING. I fell at the end because you'll see why ;)  Then gates of hell came up.......  Very vulgar and provocative. My kind of scare! :) starts off with you getting pushed into a "box" by yourself and listening to the devil in your ear. Then we went through it all. It was WAAYYYY scarier then last year. Longer especially. So we were walking, things popping out, getting thrown around, and SHOCKED. Yes. They had it last year and it's my fear. I almost started crying because you have to go through this scene to make it through and you get shocked more than 10 times. It hurts. Anyways it took us a while because I didn't know if I was gonna make it.  We did. Then came this vulgar. Utter rotten smell. Smelt like dead bodies. And we were in a bathroom and this girl or guy popped out and grabbed my girlfriend and out her against a wall. And pinned her on the floor. He had her there for a good 5 minutes and she was BALLING CRYING. She said the safe word "purgatory" but softly so they didn't let her go because I don't think they could hear her. I got her up and he or she grabbed her again and she was crying horribly I tried to help her 6 times but the person was way to strong. We finally got her up and went through. She said it felt like she was gonna get raped. But hey she knew what she was gonna get into. Then we encountered the "master" and it was amazing. Then it ended. A good 20 minute or so house. Nothing like it anywhere. I recommend. If you like getting grabbed, "raped", shocked and cussed at. They call you every word in the book especially cunt. EVERYONE GO.
4 My experience had some technical difficulties. Plus... I really wasn't that scared.   Here we go, Freakling Brothers. I was really looking forward to this. I went last night with a friend and my brother. We sprung for the $30 pass to get us into all of the houses. Well, we had driven this far, why not? First they force you into a group photo on a green screen so they can try to hawk you pictures at the end of your night. You also get pics taken IF you go through Gates of Hell. Not any of the other houses.   We started at the "Circus" themed house. All right, the actors do it right. You get all the "rules" told to you by the actors before you go in. They're fun. We tried to make them give us crap and they were willing to oblige. I don't remember a whole lot about the Circus one except for the ball pit. THAT was interesting, never seen that before. At the end we ended up waiting and waiting for them to let us out. Then a stage-hand type person with a flashlight told us one of the actors got hurt and he had to escort us out. AT LEAST they offered to let everyone who got to that point go through again free of charge. We decided not to because we wanted to get to the other houses before they closed.  Off we went to the Vampire themed house. We waited in line for, I kid you not, 30 minutes to get into this house. Now, here's my issue and something I think they should do to fix the wait time. Ask people how many are in their party, if it's just two, try to send those people with two (or three) other people. It's okay to go through a haunted house with strangers. Come on, everyone becomes friends when you're getting scared in the dark anyway. So, that's my one big ding is that they kept sending two people through at a time if that's how many were in their group. ANYWAY - the Vampire one was O.K. not really my favorite. The end was not spectacular... moving on.  Gates of Hell - you have to sign a waiver, you have to understand foul language will be used, you have to realize you will get shoved/touched/pushed/etc. by the actors. OK. Got it. We signed and waited. Finally our turn arrived. I don't want to give too much away since there are many out there who will want to be scared to begin with, but I will divulge a bit. First off, myself and my friend did NOT think this was that bad. Sure, they shoved us. Yes, my brother got pulled and flung up into a wall at one point (not hard). We all got shocked (yep, you WILL get shocked no matter what), and I was the lucky person to be trapped against the wall by the girl who has been licking people (ya, read the reviews, you'll see what I mean).   LUCKILY I had read the reviews and knew what was coming. I ASSUMED I would be the person in our party the girl would pick (she did). When she pushed me against the wall I put my hands over my face and looked directly at the wall. She said some stuff to me (honestly I don't remember because I was trying not to laugh). Here's the thing - it *maybe* would have freaked me out a bit had I not known it was coming, but I did. BUT, even then I would have prepared myself for something like this anyway. I don't think it would have scared me, or bothered me, BUT if she had LICKED me, well I probably wouldn't have been too happy. She did not lick me (but that may have been because I covered my face).  Overall Gates of Hell - The best of the houses. So, if you come here and you only want to do one house, do the Gates of Hell. You might as well as the other houses are tame. Even Gates of Hell wasn't that bad (at least for me). BUT, I'm not scared super easily, plus I know for fact these people can't *really* do anything to hurt me. But remember - they offer the safe word for that purpose. If you get scared, too scared, just yell it out. It's that easy.  I hope next year they can take it even further. I'd be willing to go back in that case.
3 The Circus was my first experience at Freakling Bros.  It was way dark which is good & bad! There were plenty of scary moments in the haunted funhouse, and I was the lucky one chosen to go first. I don't scare easily, but was a little panicked in the pitch dark not being able to find my way around the funhouse. The rooms with funhouse mirrors were so disorienting. If not for the nice people behind me, I'd still be there!  The price is a little high, at $12 per house, or $30 for all 3 haunted houses.
5 If you love haunted houses, this really is one of the best in the country with thrills for all levels of seekers.  started with the normal two then rated R gates of hell.  Had so much fun had to try the victim experience.  Somehow managed to make it through without saying the safe word, only one to do so that night.  Don't do it if you think it will be fun, do it for the sick twisted awesome experience no one else has to offer and that only a few can survive.  Duke and JT were so hospitable and really care about their customers.  Blackout in Los Angeles was a boring ripoff compared to gates of hell rated r, so I won't even insult the creators of the victim experience by comparing the two.
4 I'm not normally freaked out by haunted houses but this place was pretty intense. The actors the twist and turns is a must see. The gates of hell attraction was  like nothing I've ever incountered. Before entering they make you sign a waiver claiming its alright for them to touch you! Waiting inline most people scream out "purgatory" which is the safe word for being let out of the house! I won't ruin it but prepAre to be shocked! Great haunted house!
5 Absolutely had a great time! Best Halloween attraction in Vegas and I will be back for sure next year, and the year after that! The scares are real and exciting, while fun and entertaining at the same time!  The Circus of Horror has a fantastic twist at the end that I did not see coming and made me run for the exit! Great experience through out the entire house.   Castle Vampire was the least scary yet I went through it twice and screamed throughout both times!  Now, The Gates of Hell.  By far one of the best houses I've ever been through. The actors CAN and WILL touch, grab, snatch, pinch, shove and shock (yes SHOCK) you throughout the house. Very intense and exhilarating. The fabulous Cardinal Sin makes you sign a waver right before entering and entertains you while you wait in line. He is my favorite character in the trilogy due to the fact that he is hilarious! They are very vulgar and blunt so beware, however it's absolutely worth it!   The Victim Experience, even though I did not go through, I've done my research and it seems very very intense and not for the faint at heart! If you want to go through it because "it'll be fun" make sure you think twice! I watched the Victims come out and only 1 of 7 grown men made it all the way through. 4 said the safe word ("Purgatory") and 2 were ejected for fighting back. Not allowed! It seemed very very scary and I don't know if I'm brave enough for that but the rest is fantastic and I HIGHLY recommend paying the Trilogy a visit!!!!
5 So I will start off by saying that we did NOT go through the "Victim Experience " which is a separate ticketed event where they literally torture you for 45 min. we are horror fans, not adrenalin junkies, so my boyfriend and I decided to just go through the regularly offered Trilogy of Terror. Now Halloween is a big deal for us so this month we visited the Fright Dome (eeeh -unless your 13),  Halloween Horror Nights Hollywood, (which has amazing sets but they can only do so much when they cater to 100 million people a night), The LA Haunted Hay ride and connected maze (very cute) and Asylum/ hotel fear. FREAKLING BROS BLEW THEM ALL AWAY. They truly are masters of fright. There were scareactors coming from every direction, EVERY direction and they played on all of your senses (except taste). They made excellent use of distractions and the special FX are insane! I had never actually been frightened the entire way through a house before and they did it! AND to top it off we went on a promotional day where if we yelled an obscene phrase at the box office girl we got buy-one get one free tickets! Cant hate a discount.  We showed up at 630 to avoid the lines (which I recommend) because we were the first to get our tickets and the first to go through most the houses. by the time we finished everything the lines were prolly about 30-45 min. The first house we visited was the vampire castle. AMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAZING! When we went in we were immediately confused as to where we go -well we were confused with our direction in just about every room the entire time . I don't want to spoil anything so I will just say each room has either terrifying special fx, horrifying tricks, crazy monsters or all three. We ending up running out at the end faster than I thought we could even run.  We then headed over to the Clown house which I understand why the front gate said NO HEELS on the entrance. FYI don't wear heals or your defiantly going to break your ankles. This house was great to EXCEPT :Downer time.... This house is a no touching house which I understood to mean you don't touch the actors and they  wont touch you. HOWEVER , I believe some of the actors didn't have the same understanding that we did  and my hair was remedially pulled and yanked on, my face was bonked by an actors arm, we were GENTLY kicked and in the final room the gorilla did a running start and tackled my boyfriend on the ground. He ended up landing on me and I got two large men worth of weight crushing me against the sharp corner of a wall AND (sad face) I now have a big ugly bruise on my spine. SOOOOO in result, I will not take my mom to this house, but overall it was insane fun. Again.We just didn't expect to get touched in this house. Now on to The Gates of Hell ! BUAHAHHAHA so this is the house you sign a waiver before entering, now you must expect to get beat up a bit. VERY FUN but not for people who don't like being touched. I don't like being hurt so I was a little frightened about the pain factor but it wasn't TOO horrible. There was a girl who thoroughly cleaned out my ear wax with her tongue, and an electric fence maze which was almost too much. But it was the girl at the end that got me. She was a little too trigger happy with her VERY POWERFUL electric shocks and by the time I got away from her my muscles were twitching like crazy and I had trouble keeping my knees from buckling. Uuum that house was fun, My boyfriend wanted to go back and get the pass for unlimited times through, but I'm a pain wimp so I think I'll skip that house next year.   I cannot imagine what the victim experience is but after this I know I will never attend it.   THESE WERE AMAZING AND EVERYONE SHOULD TRY THEM....unless you have a bad heart.
1 it was hella dumb. i hated this experience. i wish i got my money back and the two hours i spent in line to get in. it was not scary fun or worth it. i didn't go in gates of hell bc of all the bad reviews but i did go in the other two houses. i won't be coming back to any of their haunted houses ever again.  and the owner or watever of this place brought in all his friends to cut in line in front of us all who had been waiting.  he had his buddies comin in n out. never coming back.
5 Amazingly epic walk through!!  If your a fan of haunted houses, walk through, or Halloween, you have to do all three.  Been to allot of these things, and this is my new favorite.  Wish I could have done the"victim"experience.
5 Drove for 3 1/2 hours with my adult son from Williams, Az. for a night of haunted houses in Vegas. We went to 5 of them and it was a frightening night. First to Hotel Fear and The Asylum and they were both good. One of them had a spooky "smoke" filled room that you could not see anything at all even though the room was lit up, and a creepy voice kept saying "come this way, come this way" leading us in circles around and around the room. Very disorienting! The other had a tumbling cylinder that you had to walk through and it made us dizzy. Plus the spine chilling ghoul crawling upside down on the railings was terrifying and I screamed over and over as it neared us and I pushed my son in front of me as I cowered in the corner. I had originally planned to go to only 2 of the Trilogy of Terror houses because I had read about the Gates of Hell waiver and as a 59 year old woman, I just didnt like the sound of that. However once we got there and saw the pricing, I realized I might as well do all 3 for the price of 2. I had read that they might touch you and curse at you, but somehow I missed the part that said if you were claustophobic you should not go. We paid the extra $10.00 each and got to skip the long lines, plus each got a free t-shirt. Our wait in line was never more than 5 minutes, so it is well worth the extra $10.00, plus you get a cool t-shirt. The vampire one was scary. I tripped on a raised doorway and fell and skinned my knees badly through my jeans, so I did not enjoy this one as much because I was in pain. The big ghastly vampire at the end that flies at you  unbelievably fast is VERY scary! The clown one was scary also. They appear RIGHT in front of you with beastly clown costumes in the dark, which leads to lots of screaming and scrambling. I dont remember which one had the ceiling that started coming down on you until you are squatting, but that was very claustophobic and I almost yelled out the "safe" word to be led out. However I stuck it out and was glad I did. The Gates of Hell was the scariest thing I have ever experienced in my life. It was absolutely terrifying! I screamed my throat raw. The next day my voice was a raspy whisper. Just by chance we were sent through all 3 houses with the same 2 people (who we didnt know), but by the time we came out of the last one, we knew those young men rather well. Upon entering The Gates of Hell, I was grabbed behind the neck by an intimidating looking executioner and roughly shoved into an upright coffin, alone, while loud heavy metal screamed that I was going to die and I literally thought I was going to have a claustophobic panic attack before they finally let me out. There would have been no point in yelling out the "safe" word, because there was no way they could have heard me over the deafening "music". I was really glad to be let out of that, but It was scary the whole way through. We got shoved from behind, touched from the side, and we ran panic stricken into walls. Something dreadful grabbed my leg near the floor and scream as I might, it would not let go until I almost fell. We had to go through electric fencing and since we couldnt see, we couldnt tell where it turned and we got shocked. We stumbled on the uneven flooring, my son tripped and fell one time and we could hear hideous snorting coming behind us. My heart was beating SO fast, and I was just on "auto pilot" trying to get through, could not think properly, it was very traumatic. A menacing figure ran at me and grabbed me with both arms completely around me. I stood there wild eyed, screaming and horror stricken until it released me, and then I RAN! The poor guy at the front of the 4 of us got repeatedly shocked by the macabre fingernail creature - she would not let us pass and we were so scared that she was going to do the same thing to all of us! It was the scariest haunted house I have ever been to in my life. The next day we were sore, but still exhilarated.  We will definitely go back next year. Might even try the VICTIM  EXPERIENCE!
5 I loves me some Halloween.  It's good we can't rate our own houses for quality of display and treats (chocolate - no DumDum pops!), lest I be forced to immodestly award myself the maximum stars, but I digress...  I have been attending haunted house attractions in town for years. I have never seen anything inside them. I pay my 15 bucks, latch on to the Anaconda's belt loops, squeeze my eyes shut, and follow him through. I have the best time of anybody.  (The exception to this being one year, he was "away" (don't ask), and I was forced to be the one in charge, escorting the kiddies through. I saw it all and I'll never do that again.)  So, being a glutton for the adrenaline rush, we trekked off again this year with my baby sis in tow (she's in her 40's). I was not going near the Castle Vampyre because last time the ceiling lowered and I was forced to become interactive. Count me out. They loved it.  The Anaconda went through the Gates of Hell and pronounced it "F***ed up!" (And if you knew of some of the Anaconda's real-life adventures, you would realize what an impressive statement that was, so I knew it was not for me). That and the fact that I understand they separate you from your group. Oh, hell no!  That left the Circus of Horrors. I hate clowns, as do all sensible people, so I was already nervous. The few glimpses I got inside were mostly due to the room full of balls and the disorienting uneven floor sections, where I was forced to open my eyes just as hideous harlequins came looming and leering from the shadows. (My- that was almost poetic)!  The whole experience was almost survivable, however, until the end. There, they gather everyone in a small room and choose one hapless shmoe to lead the group and "feed the beast". Guess who the shmoe was this time? I got as far as the cage, saw a shadowed figure skulking in the back, threw the food at the bars and ran screaming out the exit door. Apparently, my companions were treated to the sight of the "beast". Good for them.  Of course, I'll be back next year! (Half-off coupons usually available through dinelv.com).
