4 I'd call this a small version of the traditional 50's diner for breakfast and lunch. The portions are very large at the prices are low! The food is great and the staff is extremely friendly.   Bring a friend to share the ham and eggs!
5 This diner is a great find. Wonderful food and the owner and cook Rudy is always working hard to make sure you are happy. The service is excellent and people are full of smiles
5 What a great place! Very friendly staff and giant sized great tasting food... The owner is a very friendly man! Visit this place and you will leave happy.
4 This is a great little 50's diner, well hidden down Arville.  If you blink, you'll miss it.  Their breakfast is AMAZING!  I recommend the French toast or the pancakes and make sure you bring your appetite, because you're getting a lot.  We went back for lunch, but I wasn't as impressed as I am with their breakfast.  This is my spot if I want some comfort food in the morning and don't feel like cooking.
5 Absolutely an awesome breakfast place. Filled with cute coca cola memorabilia. We loved the bacon, extra crispy hash browns (ask for it) and a huge and tasty chicken fried steak with gravy.
4 This place is great if you are looking for a clean "greasy spoon" type of place.  At first I thought we must be out of our mind to go to a RV park for breakfast but I soon discovered when I got there that this is not an RV park and the food is yummy.  I've been here 3-4 times and each time the food is consistently good and the employees are friendly.  The chicken friend steak breakfast is huge and delicious.  The same goes for the ham and eggs.  If the place is busy (which it has been every time I have gone) be prepared to wait a short while.  This place is not big but worth the short wait.
5 What an unexpected great experience!!  The Yelp app update came in handy Sunday morning when I was too lazy to think of what I wanted for breakfast. On the Search button it listed The Diner under What's for Breakfast? At first, I was like - "what the heck is the LVM resort?" As a Jersey girl who LOVES her diners, I was excited to give this place a try. It was just down the street, and when I looked at the map - I thought it was in a residential subdivision. You could only imagine my surprise when we pulled into this Spanish Trails-esque  entrance and found this adorable diner right where Yelp said it was. I have never heard of a motorcoach resort and apparently I've been living a mile from one for years. The Diner is tucked away on your immediate left as you turn into the LVM.  The service was AWESOME. I mean I've said awesome before and meant it but the service here was truly and absolutely MOST awesome.  Our waitress and the owner took great care of us. There is a fine line between great service and obtrusive service and here was nowhere near that line. I felt like I was at a nice person's house and they were excited to have me over. It was perfect. BIG plus - we ordered coffee and they let us know they had almost every flavor of creamer we could imagine. And they give you the bottle for your table. This amazed my husband. He took a picture of it and everything.  The food was great diner food. If you love "true" diners, then this place is a must-eat. If you've never been to a true diner or you aren't sure - it's a must eat for you too. We both ordered the same thing at the waitress' suggestion : chicken fried steak. It was plenty of food for the price and everything was cooked perfectly. The CFS was crispy & crunchy, the gravy tasted lovely - my husband scarfed it down and I could barely finish my plate.    The 50s diner & décor is just homey to me. The white walls, red vinyl booths, old school coca-cola napkin dispenser, the old posters on the walls - it brought back a lot of memories of diner-hopping when I was a kid.  This is our new favorite spot. We can't wait to go back and have breakfast again, but I think we'll head over for lunch sometime very soon (they aren't open for dinner). The waitress let us know that their burgers are fresh not frozen and they strive for fresh-quality as much as they can.  Go ahead, hit the bookmark button and plan a trip here for breakfast, brunch or lunch. You will not be disappointed!
5 Good bowl of chilli for lunch, did not charge me extra for cheese. Played songs from the '70's I really like, excellent waitress.
5 I love this place!! It's such a cute little 50's diner. The staff is great and I'm in love with the Blt sandwich. The food is always piping hot and amazing
5 Outstanding breakfast with great personal service!  Spotless dining room and restrooms.  Excellent value and great food. Best breakfast in Vegas!!!
5 Whoever gave this one star needs to get a life. The food was great. The service was exceptional. The restaurant was spotless. The servers were personable and bubbly. Regulars came in and were greeted with hugs. My coffee cup was never empty AND they give you your own creamer bottle! (Flavored no less)! I'm so glad we found this diner, it's our new favorite spot!
5 Best diner in Las Vegas.  We had the omelets and they were superb!  Fresh ingredients,  super friendly staff and a wonderful atmosphere.
4 I work around the corner so I order to-go for lunch. They put the food together quick and the staff is friendly. It is also very clean in there. I ordered tuna melt - good except I don't like onions. And the chicken fingers - typical chicken finger bar food.
5 OK, so the other day (12/6/13) we returned to The Diner at LVM Resort, but this time for lunch.  We had a fine breakfast some time back, and really enjoyed meeting the owners Rudy and Donna (cook and waitress), so we figured we'd give lunch a try.  Once again, we were struck by the immaculate appearance of the place; all tables and counters spotless, all floors likewise, all vinyl booths crumb-less, all windows large and streak-less.  This place is kept in tip-top shape.  And we love the 50's diner décor.  Sort of, "Route 66 meets Mel's Diner."  Upon seating ourselves we were immediately approached by Donna for our drink orders, and then we perused the menu.  My wife opted to start with the chicken noodle soup, and I was a bit skeptical of the chili.  Donna suggested a small sampler, which sealed the deal.  I ordered a bowl, and she suggested chopped onions and cheese on top, which proved wonderful.  For $4 it's almost a meal in itself.  My wife's soup was great tasting and filling.  I ordered the Reuben on rye with extra dressing on the side, with fries.  The spousal unit ordered the corned beef on rye with cole slaw.  Both tasted great.  In addition to enjoying another fine meal we also enjoyed a chance to visit with Rudy and Donna.  Rudy grew up under the thumb of Russian communism in Czechoslovakia, and highly prizes his freedoms in America, and the capitalistic system that allows him to run his own business and fail or succeed based on his own hard work.  He eschews all forms of communism and socialism, and makes a lively case for the free enterprise system that drives (used to drive?) America.  Hurry on out to The Diner at LVM Resort (breakfast and lunch, no dinner).  You'll love the food, the jovial service, and ,if you want it, the lively conversation.    You'll have to work to find them, about a block and a half north of Blue Diamond, on Arville, at the entrance to the fancy-schmancy motorhome park called the LVM  Resort.  It's "resort" quality at 50's diner prices ... with a dash of joviality mixed in.  Dean Herrington
5 For a breakfast to please the big appetite, this is the place.  Sparkling clean retro style diner, friendly staff.  I forgot to take a picture of the ham steak breakfast before I cut in half only to take 3/4 home it was so large.  Tried the chicken fried steak breakfast as  well;  equal to the ham steak.  Will try sharing  "Killer Club" the next time.
3 The people on Yelp come through again.  I saw a review for this diner many months ago, bookmarked it, but never went.  The other day before running some errands, I stopped here to have breakfast.  They have a 3 item (your choice) omelette option and I went with that.  I got mushrooms, spinach, and pepper jack cheese.  The omelette came with hash browns and toast.  I opted for rye toast and it was the swirl rye.  The omelette had a large amount of the three items.  Coffee was brought before I ordered an refilled several times.  A few things about the place.  It's small and quaint with Coca Cola memorabilia.  The menu says breakfast is served to 10:30.  I arrived close to 10:30 and the server, Brenda, told me they could stretch the time a bit and that they will make an omelette any time of the day.  The menu is limited.  Don't expect to get stuffed French toast or exotic flavored pancakes.  This is a basic diner with basic diner food well prepared.  The neon sign inside says 50s Diner and I think they go by just The Diner at LVM because of the other 50s diner in town.  Parking is ample in front and the grounds fo the LVM are really nice--at least what you can see from the entrance.  I had a pleasant time sitting at the counter and watching the cook do his thing and just taking in the behind the scenes activities.  Brenda was a fine server and very pleasant woman.  Had it not been for Yelp, I would never have known that there was an LVM Resort or a diner open to the public there.
5 Great as advertised by yelpers. Good prices, very clean. I sat at the counter ordered 2 eggs with hash browns crisp(yes they make them crispier on request) and rye toast.  Bread was fresh, potatoes were well cooked and for $4.99 why cook it at home?  Saw the french toast being cooked. BIG slices it looks like
4 The 3-item omelet was HUGE and loaded with ingredients! The pancakes were large and fluffy, just perfect! Service is a tad slow, but super friendly... not bad for only one waitress in a full diner! We will be back for sure!
4 This place is off the beaten path in Vegas but it is worth a visit if you want good priced food that tastes good. The staff is friendly and will make things to order this is my second time back in 3 days.
5 Great little diner right outside of the Vegas strip we stopped on our way back home. Great service our waitress always came by to check on us and refill our waters! Food was great I would definitely recommend the breakfast sandwich Yum!
5 Love this place. I come here when I'm too lazy to make breakfast because this is so close to my house. Like a minute drive or two. This cute and cozy diner got the friendliest servers. They make you feel at home. I love the chicken fried steak and the salads are huge! The decor reminds you of the 50's diner, just like in the movies! Check it out!
5 YUP this place is awesome! good food, 3 egg omelette is just amazing, pancake to its perfection and you also have an option to pick your own coffee creamer. My wife loves the food so much that she already has a plan of coming back next week with our kids. The staff is super friendly too
4 I love breakfast foods and definitely eat alot of it, so this place is definitely up to par. Huge portion compared to the price you pay so. Make sure you don't hungry! Also customer service was great and was very surprised about how fast it was considering there was only one waitress and a busgirl. Very friendly and would come back again.
5 Food is incredible and the service is unmatched. Everyone is friendly beyond belief. I would definitely come back!
5 Fresh, delicious, generous diner cuisine. Eat-off-the-floor cleanliness. Free jukebox. Owners are a kind, sweet couple. Worth going a few blocks off the interstate.
