5 The Rubb is fantastic. I used them for the first time during my last trip to Vegas. Now, I won't go back without calling them. They come directly to you, so no worrying about traveling anywhere. My therapist Becky was phenomenal. She has been the only masseuse to actually release the severe tension in my back. She was very professional, friendly, and knowledgeable. I recommend her to anyone thinking about getting a massage in Vegas. Don't waste your time with the hotel spas. If you actually want a real massage, call The Rubb. You won't be disappointed.
5 Wow .. I had amazing massage from Mark Brooks , great deep tissue work. My legs really stopped hurting !
5 My wife and I stayed at the Luxor last night and decided to get last minute massages to help us end the night. When we realized that every legitimate spa in town closed at 7-8pm we turned to the internet to see what our options were. This is when we came across The Rubb Massage Las Vegas.  Becky and Cathy were amazing! They showed up to our room at 11:30pm, which was right on time and set up their massage tables in our room. They were both friendly, which helped to put us at ease and they asked just enough questions to ensure that they could give us a customized massage. Becky worked on my wife and gave her a swedish massage that actually relaxed her to the point where she fell asleep. THIS NEVER HAPPENS! When my wife woke up at the conclusion of the massage all she did was rave about how awesome her massage was and how wonderful she felt. Kudos to Becky because my wife is normally the first person to complain about a massage thats anywhere close to mediocrity. Cathy worked on me and gave me an amazing deep tissue massage. Like my wife, I fell asleep during the massage and woke up feeling amazing. Needless to say, last night was amazing and my wife and I ended up sleeping like babies. We will definitely be using their services again. You should too!
1 Be careful. I was quoted 2 different prices for the 90 minute massage. Then they cancelled at the last minute. Business 101 is not adhered to here it seems.
5 Becky and Tia were amazing. They were on time, polite, professional and attentive from beginning to end. The massage treatment my wife and I received was just what we needed and a fantastic ending to an already great valentines day.
