5 Wie bei Mama (wenn deine Mama ne super koechin ist) :) This is some serious German food. I had Schweinebraten (the most succulent pork roast) and Knoedel (potato dumplings). My partner had Jaegerschnitzel (tenderized, breaded, and fried meat with mushroom sauce) and Spaetzle (herbed pasta). The sauces were all amazing--perfect consistency and super flavorful without being a salt bath. We also got some Currywurst for the baby, who gobbled it up. We managed to sample some of the Currywurst when baby looked the other way and nearly cried with joy--a little taste of home! The dessert was great as well... though they were out of the chocolate mousse that we had wanted. My partner is German and we both miss German food--though now we don't have to go far to get it. Finally, a German restaurant that lives up to the knock-out flavors of traditional German cooking. We'll definitely be back.
4 Really good German food. 3 of us went in for a quick helping of currywurst and decided to share some more mains after that, we stayed for hours. The Nuernberger sausages and saurkraut was amazing. Desserts were tasty too. Staff were very helpful and friendly. The food is a tad expensive, currywurst  5.90..we got ours for 3.50 as it was currywurst week, it is not a dish worth almost £6, mains come in at about £10.It is BYOB which keeps the price down. Will defo be going back
4 Ah, German food. Schnitzel and fried potatoes, roast beef and dumplings, sausage, noodles ...  If I closed my eyes, I was transported straight to Germany, to a cosy wood-panelled room with chintzy curtains, little ornaments and lace everywhere you look.   When I opened them again, I was back in a very basic wee cafe - a couple of posters blue-tacked to the walls and as many tables and chairs stuffed in as possible. Frankfurter Eck lacks elegance - but it more than makes up for it in the food.  BYO with no corkage, too. Book a table, starve yourself for the day, and go and eat your fill!
4 Another tiny store-front restaurant (a concept that is almost becoming Edinburgh's signature), this place is great. At first you wonder how such a tiny space can serve up proper hearty German food. There's certainly no room for busty Bavarian waitresses to barrel through with an armful of brimming steins. That would be doubly difficult considering they don't serve booze. But you can BYOB at no charge, which also makes this a cheap and cheerful dinner choice when you're feeling a bit skint.  The menu is basic, but who needs the illusion of choice when you have a handful of classics, all done well. The food served here is spot on, according to my hazy holiday memories. Hearty portions of authentic German grub. On my first visit I had tasty Vienna schnitzel with yummy fried bratkartoffeln. I'm already looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.  The décor is very, err, homely, if not to say basic. But the charm is in the simplicity, and the food, and the simplicity of the food. The waitress was very nice and the chef even came out to ask us how the food was. These friendly touches contributed to the homemade vibe. It's no-frills dining, cheap and cheerful, perfect for this time of year when the weather is heavy and your wallet is light.
