1 SO UNHELPFUL and they totally will try to rip you off! They tried to over quote me by at least $20-$25, thinking I didn't know better! Go ANYWHERE BUT HERE for your cell phone needs, unless of course you want three creepy guys checking you out while trying to rip you off!!!! I wish I didn't even have to give one star cuz they do not deserve it!
5 Well my experience was completely the opposite of the other poster on here...I had my phone stole yesterday (It was almost a $600 phone) and the thief sold it to Vegas Cellular (without there knowledge that it was stolen of course) when I called my stolen phone the guys there told me to come down and get it and they gave it back to me for FREE even though they were out the money they paid for it...they said they would try to track down the thief themselves but that they were happy to give me back my phone...that was a load off my mind!! If you need cell phones or accessories I give these guys two thumbs up or in this case 5 stars...
4 Seems to be a split decision on these guys.  Was quoted a flat rate over the phone for iPhone 4 glass replacement.  Showed up, got the glass replaced in about 10 minutes, and paid the flat rate, with no added service fees or tax.  I got exactly what I came for in a timely manner with no surprises.  That's worth at least 4 stars.
5 They saved my phone !! They are amazing there!!! My phone fell into a pool and was fried with water damage, and chlorine, it was fried!! They said they would do their best to try to fix it and would only charge if they fixed it. If they cant fix it then you walk out the door without paying a cent! They took so much personal time and attention to the phone and they were able to fix it !!I It was incredible ! The phone even had water inside it still when they took it apart. The price was so reasonable and they even replaced the battery for a very low price ! This place is a fantastic find and I recommend everyone with phone needs to go there. The staff is freindly and nice and they really try their hardest to satisfy the customer. Best in town for sure !!
5 I went here for my shattered iPhone screen that I needed fixed ASAP. I came here once before and they did ok but the new owner went above and beyond to get my screen fixed in less than an hour and was very accommodating. If something happens to my phone again, I would definitely come back.
1 I've had 2 terrible experiences with these guys. The first one was a couple of years ago when I brought my Iphone in for a repair & they couldn't fix it & bricked my phone & tried to charge me $75 to pick it up. So I let them keep the bricked phone.  Second time was last week. My husband brought my phone in for the front glass replacement, not remembering the last visit. They up charged him, twice & now my LED & camera don't work on my phone. They didn't give him a receipt & he paid cash. So now I'm SOL & have to pay even more to get my phone to work fully. So far they've gotten a phone & $130 from us... BEWARE!!!
