5 When I decided to buy a scooter, I had no idea what to look for. I visited AZ Scooter on Cave Creek Rd. saw all the choices and still felt overwhelmed! Right away, the owner of the store, Kurt Budday, came over, asked what he could do to help and was extremely helpful! He explained the difference and options of engine size, legal requirements (yes, you do need a motorcycle endorsement!), advised taking a scooter riding course and Chinese scooters vs all the other brands (and warranties).   No pressure, just helpful guidance and a commitment to service.  Thought I should do some comparative shopping and visited a scooter shop in Scottsdale the following weekend. Lots of bikes, just me in the showroom. When a salesperson finally came inside to see what I wanted, I explained that I was a first-time buyer and wanted a scooter for quick trips around the neighborhood. He suggested I visit their website, make choice and let him know. I asked about prices, makes and models, he asked, "Have you looked at our website? It depends on what you choose."  Well okay!  More than ever, I knew that AZ Scooter was the place for me. It's a busy shop on Saturdays, but customers are made to feel like there's all the time in the world to help them with their needs. When I made my purchase, I was confident that I'd made the absolute right choice!   Before taking possession of my scooter, we went over the machine and all my questions were answered. And as I headed out of the parking lot, I thought, "Wow! What a neat group of people and what a find!"   If you're thinking about purchasing a scooter, look no more! AZ Scooter on Cave Creek Road is the place to go!
5 Love these guys.  Its always quick and painless.  They are the GY6 experts.
5 I had work done on my scooter and I have nothing but good things to say about this guys. Really courteous, friendly and knowledgeable. The best thing was they didn't charge me a small fortune to fix it... They got my business.
5 I called these guys because I had just gone in for an oil change and two days later my scooter was leaking gas and stalling. Without hesitation the mechanic I talked to said "it's your carburetor drain screw". He was right. It was completely gone! He saved me the time and money it would've cost me to tow mike scooter down there.   Any shop that is so upfront about things, even if they are that simple, gets my business.   Thank you, AZ Scooter!
1 Blah
