5 Great service, awesome prices.
1 The plumber, who is also the owner, was sent out by our home warranty company. The only thing we needed him to do was snake the main sewer line. However, he did not have the correct tool to remove the cap. Instead, he used a hammer and screwdriver. By the time I caught him he had already cracked the concrete surrounding the clean out and destroyed the black PVC. On top off this, he was surprised that I was upset!!   I ended up kicking him out and calling another plumber.
1 My home waranty sent Athena Plumbing out.  I had a water leaking coming from the bottom of my mobile home.  Their tech came out and said that the leak was coming from my shower drain and they would have to remove the shower stall to get to the leak etc.$$$$.  Old Republic then sent out Lawson Family plumbing, they diagnosed the  problem, revoved an eight inch square of drywall,replaced a leaking bolt type thing and my problem was over.  My $55. co-pay is all that it cost me.  Please be careful if home warranty dumps A.P.C  or Athena on your plumbing problem.  They are one in the same company.
1 Poor customer service, tried to charge warranty company and myself for the same service (double dip) very shady. Charged my credit card when no work was performed.
1 7/8 - Went through the home warranty company on a rental for a blocked sink.  While it could have been in their contract with the warranty company to do the minimum required they took ten minutes to look at the sink (doing the minimum required effort)  indicated there was no clean out and they wont be able to help at a cost of $75 dollars for pointing out the obvious, if it was easy I could have fixed it.  Would not recommend under any scenario.  Went with RAM pluming and they took care of it with no complaints that there wasn't an easy solution, problem fixed and warrantied for 6 months. Update 7/18:  Home warranty company agreed with me that they did not their obligation honor obligation and agreed to reimbursement the $75 deductible plus cover some of the cost incurred to hire another company.
