5 I love having this place so close to my house. My husband and I walked there yesterday and I picked up a jump rope and a 10lb medicine ball for 35 bucks total. I am going back again today (with the truck) to get a bench, a stepper platform thingy and a chest press bar. Wish I had a whole room in the house for just gym stuff. Going to have to get creative with where I will put these things.   This place seems to have everything for almost every sport. It even has a skateboard-ski thing which is like a board on the top but instead of wheels it has four mini-skis. Good selection of cleats, wrestling shoes (didn't know there was such a thing), and other sports shoe types. Has steppers, treadmills, ellipticals, gym exercise machines, dumbbells, and tons more. Awesome!
4 For most sporting goods it's nice to have a neighborhood place to go to.  I went to C &S to find cleats for my 7year old to play flag football.  As many of you know, kids this age play for 8 or 10 weeks then outgrow their cleats while they're still basically new.  I went to C&S where I purchased a used pair that looked brand new for $11 and best of all, when my son is done playing football, I can "sell" them back to C&S.  Great idea for a sporting goods place where you can get new and used goods.  I'll check here first before going to a big chain sporting goods store.
5 This is one of those little retail gems you love to have pop up in your neighborhood--a useful, local business run by good, friendly folks. I had the pleasure of meeting Chad & Sarah (the C&S of their name) on my first visit, and they were extremely nice and surprisingly knowledgeable about the sports equipment they were selling.  The quality of the equipment is very good and the prices very fair. Used sporting goods stores are generally not the place you walk into to find something specific, yet on my visit Chad & Sarah had exactly what I needed (a stand golf bag for walking) at the price I was hoping for. That they also gave me good trade value for several golf clubs I brought to them made the transaction an absolute slam dunk (or rather, a true "hole in one").  Simply put, thanks to their friendly service, good prices and considerable selection, I would be nuts not to shop C&S first whenever I have a sporting goods need. And as a golfer and dad of two future sports stars (haha), that means I'm looking forward to plenty of regular visits!
5 A few months ago, I was looking for a treadmill. I checked several stores, then came to Yelp. I called the this store, and talked to Chad for quite a while. He knew what equipment they had, and seemed to know all the features of each one. I went in, tried, and chose a treadmill in less than 15 minutes. He was so helpful, the delivery price was great, and I had the treadmill in no time!   Now that I've had the treadmill and been using it for a while, I am still very pleased. I will definitely go back when I need other equipment, as well as refer my friends to this establishment.
5 These guys are great! They treat their customers like friends. I have been in before to pick up some hockey equipment for a good deal. I realized I needed some legs guards for a game that same night. I was coming from the gym so I did not have my wallet and did not have time to get it before they closed. After I found the guards I wanted they told me to take them and I could come back and pay later. Its businesses like these that deserve support from the community and neighborhood. Definitely will be back.
5 I love this place. On a last minute ski trip I found myself looking to rent ski equipment, but really didnt want to leave a deposit. It all adds up in the end! So on my first visit here, I walked out with skis and boots. Chad was very helpful and knowledgeable about getting me skis with the right fit.  And all for a really great price. I'm so glad I made the investment.   I have been back on numerous occasions for other reasons, but this store has everything. And I love it!
5 I've never been disappointed at C & S.  Great selection, fair trade-in prices, and Chad is always helpful.
5 I have been trading here since it opened. Excellent selection and prices, fantastic staff.
5 Support a local family owned and operated business!  If you need any sporting equipment this season head over to C&S Sporting Goods. They have a great selection of new and gently used gear.
5 THIS PLACE HAS EEEEEVERYTHING!! cant help but love a local family owned store, plus they have some of the best prices around town. i'll will definitely be going back there for all my sporting goods and fitness purchases.
5 Super nice staff and a store that seems to have everything you need for sports or exercise or fun hobbies! I love that it is local and that things I buy, I can sell back later. Everything I asked about from SCUBA to BJJ to Hula Hoops to fitness, they had. For the few things they don't, they even have a wish list you can be put on for when the item comes in.
5 I looked up this place on the net while searching for a place to get quality training equipment for my high school boys sports teams.  The reviews were excellent and so were the prices online.  The next natural step was for me to go in to the store to survey the land.   Boy was I impressed with the products and the quality of service I received.  The employes made me feel comfortable and as they wanted my business now and for the future.  So I made my purchase with their assistance.  AND since they did not have all the equipment I needed they told me they would call me once the next shipment came into the store.  Highly impressed because they called me.  haha.    Overall, I will be going back and telling everyone about C & S sporting goods!  Thanks y'all.
5 Lots of good stuff. Reasonably priced too. Nice staff...all good stuff. Love this place.
4 Friendly, helpful and what a great selection of stuff!  Support this locally owned business!
5 The store is great find!    They have a great assortments of all kinds of used sporting equipment at great prices.  I needed a lot of used softballs to be used for team practices.  They had a large assortment of ball and the balls were in great conditions and at a great price.  The employees were super nice and helpful.  I will definitely be back!
5 I just purchased a stationery bike from C & S Sporting Goods this past week.  Having shopped other sports stores in the Phoenix area, I can honestly say that their prices are the best in town and the customer service was awesome!   Chad was very helpful and we also befriended his dog, Buddy!   It is great to shop and support a small, locally owned business that provides terrific service and the best price we were able to find for the exact bike we were looking for.
