1 Not a good place or service, go to another school, that treats customers better.
4 I like this school a lot actually. They offer a good range of services which I have been pleased with. The front desk person is accomodating and friendly. I have been to many high end salons and spas and I feel like this place is a great option for the price.
3 I've been here a few times and some services (facials) I would highly recommend. They use all Dermalogica products and you can get an Express (45 minute facial for $16) or European (75 minute facial for $25). This price is ridiculous and every time I have been the aestitician has been great.  Now I would not recommend getting your hair cut by someone in training, nor would I get a waxing but this is a fabulous place for dirt cheap facials.
5 I bought a groupon for $34 includes highlights, pedicure, and facial... I haven't used the pedi and facial yet, but I am so DARN HAPPY with my hair. Valerie is the student that did my hair. I kind of described what I wanted with out any pics and she did exactly what I had in mind. She is going to do well!! I am very happy :o)
2 So I had planned on attending the academy. I interviewed and spoke with ALL the schools from Paul Mitchell to Toni & Guy and even Aveda. The Studio Academy was down the street, the flexible schedules that they had were awesome. They even offer more training in areas that you normally would pay out of pocket for, but are included in your tuition (Extensions, fading etc,) The day I was going to sign my contract and begin I received a phone call from a family member and the conversation was longer than expected. I contacted the school to inform them that I was going to be 10-15 min and if they would prefer we could reschedule (Professional and adult thing to do right, RIGHT!) So as I was leaving the house I remembered "oh shoot, where is my packet that had my birth certificate, ss card, my paul mitchell transcripts etc?". I was already late, I had to walk to the school it took another 5 min of searching, still couldn't find it, so I did what I thought was right and contacted the school again.   I spoke with Christina and explained that I couldn't find my packet of information that was needed to sign the contract and put in my file. She seriously asked me if I was serious about attending cosmo? AM I SERIOUS???? I called to let you know that I was going to be late, I then contacted you to let you know hey I can't find the necessary documents which your school requires to attend and to ask if we can reschedule because, I knew she had a 10 am appt. And then to tell me that she doesn't want to waste her time contacting me and setting appt if I wasn't interested. She did ask when was a good day to reschedule, but I couldn't really give her a date- started 2 new jobs, but I told her that I could call her back once I found the papers and knew for sure I didn't lose them and see what she had available. And then that is when she gave attitude asking me if I was serious and she didn't want to waste her time with me.   I told her you know what forget it... I will just attend another school and hung up the phone. I am not fresh out of high school I did my research and spoke to ALL schools in the Valley. The Studio Academy is not a well known school like Toni & Guy, Paul Mitchell or Aveda, but they have to offer is great! I would definitely recommend the school, but I prefer better customer service and admissions make me feel like they understand.  So to make things short! The school is great, offers great training for your cosmo career, new, AZ known, but I will be attending one of the other schools.
