4 Great and clean service here! They close at 7pm on Friday nights but even if you come in at 6:50 (like me) they will still take you. I had a spa pedicure it was wonderful and the callus removal was only an extra $5. The tech did a wonderful job on my toes and even massaged my calves. They often have coupons in the Valpak so keep your eye out for discounts.
5 Love this place! I have NEVER seen such a spotless nail salon. The owners are very warm and welcoming and all the techs that I have had all do a fantastic job. They offer the typical manicure, pedicure, nails but they also apply lashes, wax and facials. I have tried others but was never happy with the results, service or customer service. So happy this is under new ownership and my search is over.
5 Love, love, love this place! I'm from Seattle and travel to Chandler every 1 - 3 months on business.  Every time I'm here, I head over to Delightful Nails to see Karen, Vu and team.  The staff here is always so friendly and welcoming and they all do a great job.  My favorite is the VIP Pedicure - fantastic!  Karen does a great job with eyelash extensions too!    Just today (was there on Sunday for a pedicure and today for another service :) ) I told Karen she needed to move this business to Seattle!  I wish we had more salons back home like this.  I would highly recommend this place to everyone!
5 When I visiting a friend in AZ, we wanted to get pedicures and randomly happened upon this hidden gem. New owners recently took over this place. I have to say this is the best pedicure I have ever had. Everyone was very friendly and they had great customer service. I had the middle spa pedicure package with the added callus removal treatment for $5 and gel coat for $13. The whole process was about 1-1/2 hours of pure bliss. The massage, hot stones and leg mask were wonderful. I wish I lived in AZ so I go here on the regular basis. I will compare my future pedicures to Delightful Nails.
5 My daughter and I love this place.  It is close to where we live and just happened on it one day.  The manager is very accommodating and the customer service is superior.  The equipment is new and the place is super clean.  The nail techs are friendly and do a great  job.  We usually get the hot stone pedicure (regular) and it is fantastic.  Highly recommend this place!
5 My fav Mani/Pedi spot ever! Customer Service is awesome! The staff is super friendly plus they make me laugh. The place is clean and the massage chairs are comfy. No pressure sales staff here. I absolutely love this place
5 Love this place!  Found it through a coupon in the ValPak and was so impressed with the customer service that I forgot to use the coupon! Clean place and the tech did a great job but the customer service was over the top awesome.  They were professional, friendly and joked with everyone like they/we were best friends. No pressure sales, no rushing, wonderful treatment and services.  Won't go anywhere else now and I can't say enough good things about this place.
4 went there after reading reviews. was visiting out of town. got the luxury pedicure and gel manicure. they did a great job, very clean. very nice managers!
5 I went for a regular manicure today after reading great reviews about their cleanliness. It is all true! Everything was in clean packaging and they were all very nice and professional. Great experience.
5 Really impressed with my visit and Larry did a fantastic job! I got the regular manicure and pedicure but it was anything but regular...totally beyond my expectations. I can't wait to return and try the luxury pedicure and be spoiled.   Compared to other nail salons...the price is totally reasonable and on the lower end.   If you are looking for a new nail salon where the people are kind and treat you with respect and will call you by your name. This is your place :)
5 My friend and I visited this salon for the first time on a Saturday morning. We were greeted right away with a smile. The ladies who did our manis and pedis were sweet and engaged us in conversation. The hot stone massage for the pedi was such an awesome surprise! Overall, we were both very satisfied with our experience. Definitely recommend this salon to everyone!
5 I was visiting my brother for a week from Los Angeles and wasn't sure where to go to get a good mani/pedi. I yelped places near his house and this was the closest and also had some good reviews.  Upon arrival I was greeted by friendly faces and voices :-) I sat down for my pedi (first time in 6 months as I had broken 2 bones in my foot earlier in the year and was too nervous to get one done) but Tina was so gentle and I can honestly say this is the BEST pedicure I'VE EVER HAD!!! I just got the basic pedi so I can't imagine what the luxury pedicure would be like...WOW.  I wish I could go back today but everytime I visit my brother you can find me at this salon.
5 Well that certainly was delightful! I'm really impressed with this place.   Very professional and great customer service. I was greeted warmly when I arrived and offered a bottled water. Fantastic! I've never been offered a drink at a nail salon. The guy that greeted me escorted me to the chair and introduced me my tech, Lucy.  The place is so CLEAN. All the techs wear gloves while doing pedicures and they immediately clean the tubs out after every patron. I watched them do it every single time after every person while I was there. What a relief!  The atmosphere is just different than your typical nail salon. Everyone seems like good friends. It doesn't feel like anyone is talking crap about you in another language (you know what I'm talking about).  Best pedicure I've had for the price. Hot stone massage included with a basic pedi! Mani was excellent as well. Very thorough. So relaxing. $5 upcharge for callous removal must be a new thing as it happened to me at another nail place and I wasn't happy about it.  The prices are so reasonable for the quality of service. For a basic pedi/mani combo is $34. Well worth it.   I will definitely be back!
3 Nice clean place. Very friendly, polite staff. My daughter and I came in and I had a gel manicure, and my daughter had a regular manicure. My daughters manicure was great, mine was good except the tech got gel on my cuticles and on my fingertips, which was annoying since I chose a dark color.  Also the gel was applied too thick so it did not cure properly in some spots (visible rippling in the gel).  On the positive note, the place is super clean and prices are excellent !  I may try again just for a pedicure.
5 Add me to the list of satisfied - nay, delighted - customers!  I've been here twice (soon to be many, many more) with my husband and we both agree that this is the friendliest salon we've ever been to!  The staff treated us like family, we were introduced to everyone and were included in friendly banter, they offered us water, and we've never had to complain about a mani/pedi.  The massages are always spot on and they will adjust to whatever speed or pressure you want.  They have a huge selection of regular polish, but they also offer plenty of gel polishes, including customizable glitter.  They buff the nail, then do a layer of clear gel, then sprinkle whatever color glitter you want over the wet gel (then dry), finally they brush off and sand down any pieces of glitter that are sticking up and cover with two layers of clear gel.  I've never been to a place that does something like this, and it sure beats using regular sparkly polish.  Anyway, if you couldn't tell what I get done here, I really enjoy the whole place.  We've found our new place for nail maintenance!
5 Large salon with a lot of foot tubs, got in right away as a walk-in.
5 Absolutely love this place. I have had 2 full sets, 2 fills and a deluxe pedi. I brought my 4 daughters in and my husband. Husband got a deluxe pedi & my daughters all got mani's and pedi's. Everything turned out amazing. My girls are 4, 10, 11, & 13 and all loved every minute. They are so friendly and remember you from the first time you go.  Been here quite a few times. It is really CLEAN & SANITARY, they produce QUALITY work & even offer you bottled water. Steven and Larry are amazing and everyone is great. I cant remember one of the woman's names but she does gorgeous nail art :)
5 One of the best gel manicures I've ever received. First off they have a crazy amount of colors to select for gel polish which is always a plus. The man who did my manicure was incredibly meticulous. He made sure he trimmed up my cuticles (and they were a mess) even going back three or four times to get everything. And then he did at least two coats of each gel step (bottom coat, color and top coat) and cured each coat under the black light. I am a week in a I have no lifting, no chipping, none of those problems you see as your nails start to grow. I will be back for a pedicure this week!
5 Amazing mani and pedi! Super friendly service! They really go above and beyond and pay close attention to detail. I HIGHLY recommend! You will not be disappointed!
5 Thanks to all the awesome reviews I had to check this place out myself. Five star treatment all the way! The staff is super customer focused. I had a gel manicure and their options were by far the best that I have seen. Glitter and color galore!! This place is clean, as they bring out your own nail equipment nicely sealed in those packets they use at the dentists office. Not only that but prices are reasonable. I really felt valued as a customer - would definetly go back!!!
5 I go regularly for gel nails and spa pedicures.  My nail spa place was getting dirty and I was searching for a new location - my search is over.  I love Delightful Nails, clean, new chairs and equipment and staff is very nice.  Karen is truly delightful and does fantastic gel manicures.
1 Not HAPPY! Acrylics were done by one of the male techs, there is lifting on several nails, acyrlic goops under nail. Looks terrible!! And unsafe, bacteria can grow between the separation! Will not be coming back, so disappointing after reading all the RAVE reviews :( :( :(
5 So pleased with this place every time! Always do great work, great massage when getting pedicure, and super friendly staff and management.  Went in for a chip in my gel manicure to be fixed today (I'm a biter) and they fixed for free.  My favorite nail spa!!
5 Went there for my first time last Sunday, and I was definitely impressed with how friendly the front desk was as well as the employees! They are very organized, clean, and friendly which made me feel very comfortable. I will definitely be back! :)
4 Great place!  Very clean, friendly, fast.
5 I found this salon on Yelp after having a not-so-great experience at another place. At first I was impressed with the cleanliness and friendly staff.  That was 5 months ago.   I return bi-weekly for a gel manicure because the technicians are friendly, extremely careful, and show close attention to detail. The owner is very friendly, and attentive toward clientele.  I wish I could take a picture of the design I got today. Ivy did my nails, and the design is fantastic. She took such good care of me, and gave me great advice on nail care at home.   I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a long time, I finally created a Yelp profile so I could do it. This nail salon will have my business for a long time to come.
4 Came here with my mom who was visiting from out of town.  After a day of shopping, she offered to treat me to a pedicure.  I don't get my nails done very often, so I don't have a regular nail salon....so I checked yelp. After reading a lot of bad reviews for different chandler nail spots, I came across delightful nails.  People had such good things to say about this place, so I called and made an appt. for 20 minutes later.  They did a great job.  We got the luxury pedicure which includes a leg and foot massage and sugar scrub.  It was just fabulous.  The girls were friendly and fun to talk to.  We had a great time and my toes turned out great.!
5 First time at Delightful today and it was just that! It was full, however my wait was not long as enough staff to accommodate the busy afternoon. Everyone was smiling and helpful, aside from the rude customer that entered talking on her cell and continued the entire time (of which none if us wanted to hear about her personal problems) my experience was positive and I will return again, my pedicure nearly put me to sleep, lol - cant wait to go back for the eyelash service! Thank you Tran and Delightful :)
4 I've been going to Delightful Nails for several months now and I've always had a positive experience.  I've gotten 1 brow wax, 3 pedicures, 2 full sets, and many fills of clear acrylic, short, with regular polish.  I think I've been paired with about every tech in the shop.  They've all been good, some better than others, but none were bad experiences.  The staff is consistently friendly and has a fun sense of humor.  The shop is neat and clean.  Prices are on par with the average nail salon.  I prefer to get regular polish and go in for a polish change after a week. I do not like getting gel polish on acrylics because, who cares if it doesn't chip when it grows out so fast and looks terrible after a week or 10 days.  Regular polish doesn't chip on acrylics anyway.  If you want the shine, have them put clear gel over the regular polish ($5.00).  This use to be the up-sell nails salons would go for prior to color gel polish coming out.  As with every nail salon, steer clear of the up-sells if you're on a budget.  In my opinion the basic manicure/pedicure is always the best bang for your buck (this has been my experience at every nail salon).  I just had my first brow wax at Delightful Nails a couple weeks ago.  Ivy did a great job, she was wonderful.  More often than not I have a bad brow waxing experience even though I am very clear about what I want.  She had me lay on the table and gave me a mirror and used her comb to point out on my actual brow what she was going to do... and she actually did what we agreed upon.  Wonderful!  They have an autoclave and use autoclave packets for their metal nail tools; however, I don't know if they just don't use the autoclave or what exactly, but the packets aren't sealed and you can tell the tools weren't baked in the packet because its not stiff & wrinkly. This part is really strange.  So it's like they just keep each set of tools in a sterilization packet but don't actually bake the packet in the autoclave.  I'm sure they use the blue liquid sterilization instead.  I'm not saying they don't sterilize, just that I don't believe they use the autoclave to do it (which is not required by law).   If they would properly use the autoclave they would be my dream nail salon and get 5 stars. for sure!  Also, like other nail salons, they prefer cash- I totally get it and try to accommodate and at least pay the tip in cash.
4 New to the area and needed a quick eyebrow wax for my daughter and I on a Saturday morning. We were greeted promptly and taken back quickly. They did a great job, almost painless :) Will return again and will try the pedi too!
5 Went here because of the great reviews and I too am a fan! Super friendly and customer oriented! I wanted a fun pedicure design and they went above and beyond to ensure I was getting what I wanted! I highly recommend this place and will for sure be returning!!
3 I used to love this place. I've been going here for 2 years and always loved the service and the staff. Last 3 visits were disappointing at best. I get gel manicures and they have lasted almost 3 weeks. The last 3 barely made it a week. Not sure what changed but they lost me. They charge to much for subpar work.
5 I have been coming to this salon for a few months, and I'm always pleased with the results. Gel nails, pedicures, brow waxing, eyelash tinting. Friendly staff, clean salon.
5 Thank goodness! Since I have relocated  to Chandler I have been on the hunt for a clean, friendly and professionals nail salon. The  others have been dirty, staff seem stressed and unhappy and the techs didn't seem to have any pride in their work. It is apparent that the staff at this nail salon love their jobs and are valued by the owners buy nails and pedicure lasted longer than any other and co- workers have commented nails.
5 I came in late on Saturday evening and they took me in despite closing time. I was so grateful since my wedding day was the next day. My pedicure and gel manicure were perfect! They are very friendly and the salon is a clean and happy place.
5 I am happy to find a nail salon that will take walk-ins and is so close to my home.  Very pleased with the results.
5 Love this place! I've been coming here for almost a year, and I wouldn't go anywhere else. I usually get a gel manicure, and they do a much better job than some of the other places I've been to. They always do a great job, prices are reasonable, and everyone is really friendly.
4 After searching forever trying to find a decent nail salon in AZ this is the one. I would have given them 5 stars if they did 3D nail art and some fancy designs but if you are looking for good ol' fashion mani & pedi this is the place to go. Great service and very clean.
5 After visiting three other salons I have finally found the perfect combination of excellent customer service and great work.  I am so impressed with how friendly and welcoming the staff is here and very professional as well.  This is the first time I have ever been to a nail salon that didn't pressure me to have a bunch of other services which I must say was a welcome change.  I highly recommend this place for a wonderful experience.
5 I agree with the great reviews.  I called for an impromptu appointment and they were able to take me right away.  Thanks Minh for the excellent service.  Staff was very friendly and customer oriented.
5 Excellent customer service and reasonable prices. Basic pedicure includes massage with lotion, oil, hot towel and a hot stone massage. Really enjoyed my pedicure.
5 I was visiting my Mom and decided we needed some quality bonding time over a Mani & Pedi. They were able to take both of us right away on a Saturday afternoon. We explained my mom has terrible foot problems due to a corrective surgery. They found an excellent and gentle women for her. I wanted a gel mani and pedi. They had the largest selection of Gels I think I have ever seen. Everyone was friendly and them seemed to really care about customer service. I will be going back every time in make a visit to go see my family.
5 Clean, efficient, relaxing and expert service.  My sister was able to make us appointments same-day. (They do welcome walk-ins pending availability).  The staff was super friendly and the place was comfortable and very clean.  I highly recommend and will be back!
5 We were pleasantly surprised by the friendliness of the team at Delightful and the quality of the work done on our manicures and pedicures.  Great service and great results.  We've been on the search for a nail salon where we felt comfortable and could consider it our 'regular spot.'  We may just have found it.  We will definitely be back.
5 I took my sister in law here on New Years Eve and it was wonderful!! We were there til close, never felt rushed and had great service! It's over 2 weeks and my shellac manicure is still perfect (grown out but not 1 chip!). They were all friendly, kind and prices are relatively inexpensive!  Thank you!
1 After reading reviews on yelp I decided to go get a pedicure with my fiance here. The lady cutting my nails proceeded to try and rip the sides of my nail out of the flesh. After I made her stop she proceeded to cut the sides of my nails diagonally, rounding the corners.   Thanks to this place my fiance and I both have ingrown toenails.
2 Came in for acrylic removal did an okay job male tech. was rough and sort of rude the ends of my nails are all uneven. Very half-assed
5 I just got their VIP pedi. The place was clean, and the end result is great!! Pretty busy place so that I was glad that I called 15 minutes before I showed up. I'll highly recommend this place for pedi for sure! I'll try mani soon & update.
5 I'm SO relieved to get my claws back in order. I've been so rough on them after just painting and moving into a new house. They are nails once again.  This place recommended the perfect color for me and walked me through my first ever gel experience! Yes, I know I'm a bit behind the craze, but I generally just cut them short and throw the color of the week on, lol. I guess 45 minutes isn't enough time to get both my fingers and toes done separately, but they asked if I minded a technician working on my fingers and toes at the same time. Of course not... I am not one to be pampered for long without getting antsy, so that was perfect for me.  Anyhow, my nails look great and I'll definitely be back. Not that I don't love my old place, but I wanted somewhere a bit closer after my move. Thanks, Yelpers, for coming through once again!
5 I love it here ! They do really nice work and their service is awesome !! They're all really nice people :)
5 Really happy I've found a new salon to go to! Super friendly, no waiting, knew what I wanted. Didn't mind my ten million Pinterest pictures. So satisfied with my pedicure and acrylic set!!!! Will be going back for sure. Cam was my girl for sure going back!
5 I am so thrilled with my experience at Delightful Nails that I'm posting this review from the pedi chair. As soon as I walked in, the owner greeted me and struck up a conversation about my new house nearby. Got a beautiful, edgy reverse French manicure and basic pedicure. Everything looks perfect and my tech acted like an artist - so careful. And I really appreciated that she asked me how I liked them each step of the way so I could make adjustments. The owner checked in and seemed to be there to make everyone feel good, and I second the review that testified that the techs are warm and friendly - you never feel like you're being talked about in another language as I've felt at other places. Definitely recommend and definitely going back!
5 Love this place! They always accommodate and never disappoint! Karen does amazing designs and will not let you do something that won't look good. The owner is always so kind and helpful and if you ever have a chip or break (which I never have) they will fix it for you.
5 Just moved nearby and gave them a try. The customer next to me finished her pedicure a few minutes after mine started. I watched them meticulously clean the chair. My pedicure was great. I brought my 5 y-I daughter and she had a mani-pedi and was treated like a princess. All-in-all it was a great experience and I will return.
5 I came here for the first time yesterday although I've lived in the area for years. I've been looking for a place that does nails for a while & I've found it @ Delightful! Karen , the owner is FABULOUS  & very creative with attention to detail. All the techs get along great & are very friendly. They never keep me waiting... Even as a "walk-in" or if I have an appt. I've been to SO MANY nail spas waiting to feel that "connection" & I believe I FINALLY can stop looking
5 I love my nails from delightful nails. They were professional, Precise and funny.  I highly recommend coming here. It's a good idea to make an appointment.
5 My GO-TO nail salon. I recommend it to everyone and anyone! I am from the Bay Area, so when I moved to AZ, finding a nail salon that I could count on to be clean and do my nails exactly how I like them was difficult, to say the least. My friend brought me to Karen (the owner) at Delightful Nails, and it was the best experience. I am now a regular at Delightful Nails, and I will never look back.   Okay, first things first, I am extremely picky about how my nails are done. I am never excited to spend $$ just to maintain my nails, but when I do spend the money on it, I want it to be perfect and to last! So I was relieved when my friend introduced me to Delightful Nails because it is always on point.  I've had Kim, Karen, Vu, and Minh all work on my manicures and they are all fantastic. I am never particular about my pedicures, but if Minh is available I always ask for him. My pedi's last for a long time when he does it.   Karen also does my eyebrows ( I will never let anyone else touch my eyebrows ever again!) She is the best waxer I've ever had. I've never found a waxer that I've loved as much as Karen.
5 I used yelp to find a nail place with good reviews and came across Delightful Nails. Im very glad I did. Better than any experience in a nail salon I've had. The staff was very friendly and welcoming.  I recieved the VIP pedi(super relaxing) and a gel mani. Very quality work for both services. I would recommend calling ahead, at least on weekends because they were rather busy. Would recommend this place to everyone.
5 Most wonderful pedicure ever! Great gel manicure too. I will definitely recommend this to anyone who asks for a great nail salon!
5 I love this little salon. Everybody is very nice and they always greet you as soon as you walk in. I have always been able to get in right away for pedicures but they do stay very busy. I always bring my visiting family members here for a relaxing pedicure. And the parrafin wax on the toes.... ahhhmazing!
5 A group of us went to get pedicures and we were absolutely thrilled!  We had 7 people and I had originally called for an appointment for 5, but they were very gracious and were able to fit all of us in at the same time.  The people there were wonderful and were constantly making sure that we were comfortable and making sure we were having a good experience.   Minh did a fantastic job on my nails and I would recommend him and this salon in a heartbeat.
4 it was just ok
5 Great nail salon! Great customer service and very clean. Made an appointment for 3 pedicures and they were ready and waiting for when we arrived. I will definitely be coming back!
5 They were very friendly and helpful.  I brought my mother-in-law and they treated us like we were old friends.  The place is very clean and they go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable.  I highly recommend this place.
