5 It's part of Crescent Ballroom (beautiful new local music venue operated by AZ concert promoter Stateside Presents), but is such hot biz that it deserves its own listing.  From www.crescentphx.com: Chris Bianco of Pizzeria Bianco and fellow local chef, Doug Robson of Gallo Blanco, are overseeing the food at the Crescent Ballroom.  The menu at Cocina 10, as the restaurant component of the Crescent will be known, consists of what Bianco calls "Mexican-accented road food."  Cocina is Spanish for kitchen; 10 is a reference to the I-10. ----------------------------  The burritos: my favorite in the area.  Extract the music venue from the scenario and I'd still eat here. The lounge is open daily at 4 p.m. Take a visiting guest here and look like a genius.
5 Excellent food in a fantastic venue. The menu isn't extensive, but the food is so good that it more than makes up for what some might see as a lack of variety. Perfect for those times when you get a craving for an amazing basket of nachos between bands (the next room over, in The Crescent Ballroom). Prices were reasonable too. I'm already contemplating what to order on my next visit.
5 Now open for lunch? Yesssssss
2 I am here a lot for shows as part of work and we've tried Cocina twice now for burritos before the concerts. I heard they rock. The pork one is just ok. That's not my problem, though. My problem is the first time they forgot my friend's quesadilla. Then they forgot it again.  It was an hour before she got it, and we were all done with everything. They comped her but seriously, it's cheese and tortilla.  This week (Wednesday night) I gave Cocina another shot. Two of us this time. I ordered the pork no onions and it had onions. The waitress sent it back and then (after awhile) the cook brought out a chicken no onion. He immediately realized it was wrong again. By this time the opening band started and I had to get in there to cover the show. Finally the waitress brought me my burrito inside of Crescent an hour after I ordered. By now I had a few beers and wasn't hungry. It wasn't good either.   Kitty the waitress seems cool and claims it's not her fault. First time said it was the kitchen. Second time said there were new changes in the kitchen. I don't want  excuses, I want great service.
2 "Meh. I've experienced better."  A solid place to get a burrito, I suppose, if you're downtown and looking for somewhere to get a burrito besides Taco Bell.  I chose the barbacoa burrito. While the beef was good, it was nothing to write home about. I'll go ahead and say it wasn't seasoned enough. Their chips are fresh and the salsa is delicious.  Food was edible. I wasn't impressed, per se, but I wouldn't put up a kicking and screaming fight to avoid returning.  I'll give it another shot some other time.
4 If Crescent Ballroom isn't cool enough to make you want to stop by this place, their restaurant, Cocina 10 should be. I will now find any excuse I can to head here just so I can eat. Not even joking. The most frequent reason is trivia on Sunday nights, which is pretty epic.  Most of the food is Mexican faire, and the guacamole is not to be messed with. That shit is serious. Additional bonus points for non-tomato based salsa. Way to branch out and avoid the common! While I've had many items here, including a hamburger to die for, I usually end up loving the al pastor burrito the best, though it's so giant I can rarely finish it.  The drink menu is also great, with a selection of wines, beer and amazing cocktails, such as the Honey Badger. I would input some don't give a shit joke here, but that's old.  The only downfall is that service can be pretty slow. It always takes me a while to flag down someone for a refill, check, etc... but the food comes out pretty fast. The food is so good though that even slow service can't keep me away. I'm a fan.
4 Good stuff here.  Very authentic and a few different items you won't find in mainstream Mexican food. The Poquito bean and cheese burrito is grilled on the outside to finish - delicious.
5 I went here for lunch one day, and it is excellent! I had a chicken bowl, and the chicken was sooo wonderful and flavorful. The service was good over the noon hour, and the decor and vibe was nice. I would go back for sure!
