3 Huge place big selection lots of gaming space....customer serviced needs work.
4 The staff at Samurai are always friendly and helpful. Great selection of new books. What I really like is there's no requirement on the number of books they will hold for monthly subscriptions. If you want just one book its no problem. Other comic shops in the past have told me there minimum requirement of 15 books a month, No Bueno. Thanks Samurai for always fulfilling my comic book needs
3 Wow Bertha made a yelp account just to gripe about this place. Frankly as far as LGS's go, it's my favorite. I sometimes feel like the staff are pedantic about the procedures for looking at cards in the store. There are some good people, though. Don't give up on Samurai, Bertha.
1 I was in the store for ten minutes today, and no one bothered to help me or my girlfriend. We both buy comics. Actually, we both buy a lot of comics -- we've spent about $1k on comics and toys in the past two months. This store is terrible. A Batgirl top with an MSRP of $35 on sale for $50? A leaking roof and zero customer service? Completely unforgivable. This was my second trip to the store -- I'd hoped that the last time I went in was just a fluke. Not so, it was even worse today. I love comic shops and I always buy something whenever I go. Not here, and never again. Stay the hell out of this place. It's terrible, and the only thing they've earned is failure. I wish I could give them negative stars. I wish I had the time to stand in front of this store and urge people to not walk in.
2 Samurai comics is okay.   The selection is okay, but definitely way overpriced. The customer service isn't really much to talk about either; I've never been asked if I need anything or even greeted when I walked in the door. However, they were friendly when I went up to pay for an item.   I can't put my finger on it, but there's something missing about the atmosphere that has turned me off. It's unfair for me to be unable to say why exactly I don't feel like I can take my sweet time and browse, but I don't. Maybe I'm weirded out by the layout (it's big and open, made for gaming), or maybe it's just a vibe. It may not be my thing, but you may really enjoy it, so you should at least give it a try.   They did do a great job at the Free Comic Book Day, and they often have gaming going on when we go in. Other people seem to be enjoying themselves, and they have a decent amount of regulars, so I might just be missing it. I just prefer to go elsewhere.
3 From my experience, Samurai Comics isn't bad.  Of course every time I go there, I know what I'm looking for, so no complaints at customer service.  I've been asked if I needed help from the two female workers that worked the shift, but no help was needed on my end.  My gripe is that for a comic book store, supply is very limited and high priced.  Bookmans in the same lot sells the same back issues for 50 cents, and the no name comic book store right next door sold some of the same back issues for a quarter.  Not sure on the pricing on their single back issues, but the selection isn't all that great.  In fact, they do not have a wide variety on anything good or new either.  Shelves do not look like they get replenished much, and sometimes the bags and boards I look for (current) are sold out.  The collectors toys and items are a tad too much, some of those toys you can find at Toys R Us for way cheaper.  Other than that, I've come and witness the card / rpg gaming end of the store and it seems people have a lot of fun.  There also seems to be a few regulars I see every time I go there, so that shows some loyalty.  No major complaints, just a few tweaks here and there and then they can be a great comic store.
1 The customer service at Samurai Mesa is horrible.  I can easily buy comics online; I go to the shops for the customer service and experience. The employees at this store don't know the first thing about customer service. They would rather pay attention to the friends that visit them than the customers who need assistance.   For the limited supply and ridiculous prices, the customer service should be leaps and bounds above what it is.
1 It was middle of the day on Halloween when I had visited this store, I had wandered around browsing through their inventory of products. It was completely dead in there and what you would have thought to have good quality customer service turned to absolute shit, their lack of service qualifies about the same as Wal-Mart. They did not have much of a large selection and the small amount of selection that they had was over priced and yet again Made in China products. Worthless attitudes of the people working there, they were not much more different than the Zombies you see in movies.  I've known "Atomic Comics" before this "Samurai Comics" taken over and moved in, you are no Atomic Comics, as a matter of fact they were much more professional, friendly, they were more alive and had a sense of humor and were the kindest of people around. At one point attended an Anime convention there. However no, this Samurai Comics has no comparison next to Atomic Comics. Wish they were still around. I won't be going back there again anytime soon.
5 I just started dabbling with comics and I've been to several stores throughout the valley. The staff at samurai is small and therefore they probably don't have the best customer service. But they will answer ALL of your questions. They are not snotty or arrogant. They are friendly and welcoming. But all that stuff aside they have the BEST prices on the comic books and they seem to have random sales as well. No reason not to like this shop. All the other shops should hope to keep their blade as sharp as SAMURAI!!!!!!!
