4 i was browsing craigslist for beach cruisers and came upon this stores ad.  since it's right down the street, i mosey'd on over there to check it out.   it's right across 75th street from the car wash, in a store front shared by a pawn and barber shop. it's very small and i almost missed it.   they've only been open about 6 weeks but i was glad i found this place. they have a decent in-store selection, but they can order, customize, and build a cruiser to what you want. i rode a few and was ready to buy the stretch cruiser, but then thought maybe my wife will look at my "christmas list" and go check them out.   i hope they stick around a while. very friendly owner(s) to answer all my questions.
5 These guys offer a great selection of affordable beach cruisers for sale and $29 all day rentals. I got a flat black mid-range model with a headlight, upgraded seat, upgraded handlebars, and a really tough lock for under $400.
5 My friends started a bike gang this past spring, and while we might temporarily be restrained from roaming the streets a la Sons of Anarchy as it is 100ยบ out... we aren't messing around.    After I passed my initiation test, I wanted to bike to spring training games too, I realized I was missing some vital equipment... a bike.  Wait a minute, Dirty Harry was still sitting in my mom's backyard since I graduated college.  Boom.  After 3 years of sun and rain, Dirty Harry (who I never owned in pristine condition as it is) was hanging on by a thread.  I searched Yelp for bike repair near my work and found Old Town Beach Cruisers.  I called 'em up and they stayed open late on a Friday eve for me to bring him by and asses the damage, was he salvageable?  You betcha: 2 tire tubes, basket wire bending, a chain, some oil, and some new rubber handle grips later... he was back in working-wicked-fast-order, rusted out fenders still included (so vintage).  This bike just does not know when to quit, that's all that needed replacing after years of neglect?  The nice(r) part was they didn't try to upsell me, were very friendly, and had everything done and ready to go by 10 am the next morning.  They even called to let me know he was ready to roll.  I'm thinking about adding a better seat for the upcoming Easy Rider season, and this place seemed to have a nice variety of well priced options to choose from... so I will be back.  They also do renting along with repairs and bike sales; it looks to be a pretty nice set up for those visiting for Spring Training.
5 I was going on the San Tan Canal Ride but I had no bike. My friend who was going to go with me found this place to rent some bikes from but the day of the event was not feeling well. I called the shop and they had no problem changing her reservation to one person under my name. I showed up and they were very cool and laid back. I filled out the one page of paper work. Gave them my drivers license and credit card. They answered all my questions about returning the bike and if I could leave my car parked out front since the event was right down the street. The paperwork only took a few minutes. $35 to rent the bike for one day. They got a nice dark blue cruiser for me. Made sure the tires were all pumped up and ready to go and the seat was adjusted just right. The whole process didn't take that long at all and was very easy. They told me as long as I had the bike back before noon the next day that was cool. I haven't ridden a bike in like 20 years but it was very easy to get used to it once again. I had a great time at the event and the return was even easier. Just brought the bike in and dropped it off and I was on my way. If I need to rent a bike again or maybe even buy one I will definitely be back. Great service and a nice little shop.
5 My wife and I popped in here early last week to enquire about renting 2 bicycles while we were in Scottsdale on a business trip.Mike the manager was very helpful and directed us to their other location at 4436 North Miller Rd,suite 105 when he realized we wanted road bikes with gears.We basically did the deal with him and picked up the bikes at the other location.We rented the bikes for 3 days and didn't have a single problem.They even threw in front and rear lights so we could ride in the evening.
5 Went in today to get me and my husband bikes for Christmas . We browsed all the big box stores and ended up purchasing from Old Town Beach Cruisers because of the service. Mike was excellent at explaining all the differences in bikes and was very patient with all of our questions. There was never a hard sell, it felt like we were chatting with a friend about bikes. We we ended up ordering our bikes because they didn't have colors we wanted in stock and it didn't cost any extra. Can't wait to get them and look forward to doing more business with a local shop.
4 If you are looking to rent a bike, call these guys. Super flexible. I was out for Ironman and wanted to rent something to ride around the race. No way I could get it back before they closed. No biggie. Just call the owner and lock it up when you are done. So awesome. The bike wasn't a hot rod so no 5 star review, but everything else was spot on.
5 We rented bikes for the afternoon and had a great time.  The owner was really nice and worked with us.  The shop is only a few blocks from the canal.  Nice to ride with no cars on a flat surface.
5 I have to say, this place is so convenient and has great customer service.  I've now stopped in twice and was helped out immediately. Which includes helping me lift my 65lb bike in and out of my car.  I have my own bike, but the rented bikes appear to be in good condition, and based on the service I received I would believe that they are well maintained.  They also carry a wide variety of accessories for your bike that are reasonably priced and fashionable.    This is definitely my new go-to stop for beach cruiser maintenance and bling!
