1 Worst company to do business with.  One person tells you one thing and then another tells you something else.  Rude, uncooperative, lack of customer service, a real waste of time.  And don't ever get caught up in a bundle with them.  I gave one star because Yelp wouldn't let me give zero.
4 Did a great installing and am really pleased with the new tv  prism service.  Install crew was professional and very helpful. Century link is much faster than cox even when I ordered the same speed from both.  So far so good.
1 Horrible Horrible Horrible!!! That is all I can say. The install guys are great but when it comes to billing that are totally clueless.  I was quoted 69.94 when I signed up and now my bill has gone up to 132.00 and I have to call and complain each month. And I thought Cox was bad.....
1 They get one star because I can't give NONE! We decided to get a land line last week & it's been a nightmere! The phone still doesn't work...I've had to call 6x & repeat the story each time to a different person.... Is there another option in SCW???
1 I have been of customer of Century Link and its predecessors since 1995.  There has been a general decline in technical support services over the years.  My feeling is that the issue has gotten worse when independent contractors became prevalent with this company.  Maybe these independents are paid by Century Link per incident, without anyone being accountable for the lack of completed repairs. For 2 years, I lose telephone and internet service every time it rains.  When the lines dry out, the service automatically starts working again.  One of the techs reported to me that the telephone lines between the telephone poles are old and need to be replaced.  He said he would report this to Century Link offices, yet nothing seems to get done.  Perhaps Century Link doesn't want to invest in infrastructure.   Other techs that have been out to our home, seem to go through service motions, with no results.  The Techs change the pairs of wires, or fix a loose ground wire (I doubt these problems).  The last tech left all my wires hanging out of the gray box on the side of our house.  Had to call again for service on this. My partner works from home, so the my telephone and internet service is vital.  Since Century Link seems to be unwanting or incapable of providing uninterrupted service even when it rains, I have no other option except to change to the other only provider, which I haven't heard very good service reports on either.  Thank you Century Link for your commitment to service excellence (NOT).  If I could leave less than one star, I would do it!
