5 We needed to have our 75 gallon water heater replaced in a hurry.  The water heater was leaking, and the shut off valve was defective so I couldn't stop the leaking water. I called a lot of companies late on a Saturday afternoon, and most either couldn't make it until Sunday or Monday or refused to give a price quote over the phone.  Alex answered the phone, asked me all the relevant questions about accessibility of the water heater, quoted me a price and said he could be over in an hour.  He showed up on time and did a thorough and professional job.  He had a great sense of humor throughout dealing with this heavy project, and cleaned up thoroughly when he was done.  I'll use him for all future plumbing needs.
5 After scheduling two other plumbers and being bumped on the schedule by both I found Alex at Alexander's Plumbing.  What a find!  Showed up the day I called, gave me a detailed description of the problem, the solution and a price for the work.  He did the work in a professional, yet personable manner.  He was careful of our stone flooring and left the work site immaculate.  My advice - need a plumber - call Alex.  I will.
5 I had an issue at my condo with some water damage so I contacted Alexander's Plumbing.  They scheduled in an appointment right away that same day and Alex came out to do an inspection.  He diagnosed the problem rapidly and provided me thorough feedback on what the water damage issue was and what to expect in my situation.  He did great work on the plumbing and did so in a timely fashion.  He recommended what to do thereafter and he even contacted a restoration company for me to resolve the issue he noticed.  Alex is a very friendly, organized and knowledgeable plumber who cares about his work and made sure I was take care of.  He attended any concerns or questions I had and was always available on the phone when needed.  I would highly recommend Alexander's Plumbing for any issues you have regarding plumbing services, water heater issues, shower or tub issues, etc.  Great services he provided!
5 I found Alexander's Plumbing through Yelp reviews and couldn't be happier. He originally came out for a few small items but ended helping us install plumbing for our bathroom remodel. He is thorough and makes sure the job gets done right. I would definetly recommend his services.
