2 To my surprise(and disappointment) the Springs Cafe at the Springs Preserve is no longer under Wolfgang Puck but instead now ran by the Culinary Academy of Las Vegas. They did stay within the same food guidlines as the previous owner which is to continue to offer a sustainable dining selection. We went during the Halloween festivities and there was a special Halloween menu which was overpriced and not really a good selection of items. I thought it was odd that the boo burger didn't come with any veggies - no lettuce no tomato, nothing. Hello, isn't this place is supposed to promote healthy eating? No veggies? Why? So basically I got a bun, a burger (which seemed like it came out of your grocers freezer) and a slice of cheese. It reminded me of food while eating in a school cafeteria. Not $9.00 worthy at all!!! The kid's meals also had those darn frozen dino nuggets and pizza sticks that you can find at Walmart. Is the food fresh here or what? Too bad about the food as the view & setting in this restrauant is beautiful. I know the employees are students but whomever is instructing them needs to step up his/her teaching quickly or there won't be anyone to serve.
5 I was a little worried about heading here today after reading the other review on Yelp, but I was greatly surprised!  My business colleague suggested meeting at Springs Cafe for a business lunch. The space was beautiful, clean and had free wi-fi! The food was fresh, quality and healthy. I got the bento box special with pork belly and forbidden rice. The pork belly was perfectly cooked and tender, the rice full of flavor.  My colleague had the fish tacos, which looked tasty and our client had a panini, which she said was full of flavor.  The staff was very attentive and helpful and everything was very well priced. I will definitely be bringing clients back in the future!
4 Lots of parking, but may be crowded on some days.  No need to pay the park entrance fee to eat at the cafe.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting.  Wonderful view of the city and the park.  Inside and outside dining.  The food is pretty good.  Employees are friendly.  The manager dropped by to check on things and say hello.  Prices are a little high, but not bad.  Daily specials are served in a bento box.  The menu is designed with sustainability in mind.  Busy lunch crowd.  My favorite part of this experience is the atmosphere.
2 Prices are on the high side, for the quality of food.  I had what essentially was spaghetti with meatballs, and it was not that good.  The meatballs were super dense.  The sauce was too salty and greasy.  I think the pasta was whole wheat spaghetti, which i didn't mind, but I could see some people not liking the texture as compared to regular spaghetti.  My husband had a roast beef sandwich with french fries, which seemed ok.  The server brought the food without bringing any utensils, then went off for several minutes and served another table while we were sitting around waiting with food in front of us.  Kind of awkward.  A plus is the open feel of the place, plenty of seating, especially the outdoors balcony seating has a great view.
5 Pizza was great.  View was great.  Service was great.  Not cheap, but not expensive.  Totally worth it.
3 I came here for lunch with five other friends. I wanted to try the bento box because, I love bento boxes and I've heard some buzz about them. But after eating some of mine, and seeing what my friends were eating, I really regretted it.  Everything was greasy, even the rice. I scooped my rice to the side of the box to strain some of the grease. Yes, it was that bad. I couldn't finish it.  My friends had the salad bar, a cobb salad, vegan burger and flat bread sandwich (5th friend also had a bento box). The Springs Cafe is all about healthy eating and natural foods so I should have ordered something of that standard.  I want to go back because my dining companion's lunches looked SOOO good, but I definitely will NEVER order another bento box.  There are waiters, but the service is similar to a buffet restaurant where you pay for what you want first, get your beverage cup and seat yourself. There server who delivered our food and checked on us a couple of times was very nice and professional.
4 The vegan burger is my favorite thing on the menu and I'm a meat eater. It's surprisingly good. No wait, I lied. The Monte Cristo sandwich is the best thing that has ever been on the menu. Unfortunately it is no longer being sold. Also, the Springs Cafe is astonishingly better than the Wolfgang Puck crapshack it has replaced. There's just no comparison. If you're going to the Springs Preserve you'd might as well eat there. The food is pretty good and you can't beat the convenience.
4 I had the spinach salad with the beef, for $12 they need to throw on more spinach and less red onions, overall the salad was good.  My husband enjoyed his fish tacos and my kids could have split a kids meal, the pbj and grilled cheese sandwiches were huge and the fruit bowl that comes with the kids meal is huge too .. all for $4 per kids meal (sandwich, fruit and milk).
4 This cafe is under new management since October 2011. It employs interns who have graduated from the Culinary Academy for its cooks, and its servers.  Note that the cafe can be entered without paying admission to the Preserve.  We split a vegan burger, which they thoughtfully cut in two and served on two plates with tomato, lettuce, 2 pickle spears, french fries,and a scoop each of quinoa salad. When we requested hot sauce our waiter brought two different kinds, then brought a grilled jalapeno pepper to boot! The manager stopped by to ask about our experience. We were among the earlier customers the day we went; lunch crowd was only starting to come in.  We chatted with our young, eager waiter. We found both the service and the food impeccable! We will be back, when next we are in Las Vegas!
3 Had the vegan burger, the patty fell apart, and that happens sometimes with veggie patties, but it also lacked flavor.  The fat fries were good but not exceptional.The husband had the margarita pizza it was nice and thin but also lacked seasoning. Next time I'll try something else, I'm not willing to give up on this place yet.
3 Here's the thing about the food there.  While it is tasty, it is so overly expensive.  I would recommend eating offsite, if you can.
4 Excellent.  My husband and I shared a wood fired pizza special.  It was the BBQ chicken and normally I don't like BBQ Pizzas as they are normally drowned in BBQ sauce.  This was delicate, cooked perfectly and had amazing smokey flavor.  It honestly was just perfect.  The view from the deck overlooking LasVegas was the final touch.  I will be back in a few weeks for work and will becoming by here for a nice lunch.    I'm also an ice tea snob and it was also very well done.  Fresh and good quality tea, strength good and flavor able but not over done.
5 The Springs Cafe has amazing food for a great price. My family and I go here all the time and love it. Also, it has a really nice patio area with great views of the Las Vegas strip.
4 Came here the other day with my two kids. My son ordered a quesadilla as usual and actually ate the whole thing- which he never does! It looked really good and came with a fruit skewer. I had the Mexican bento box. The meat was delicious but everything else was eh. I liked it enough to come back. Great food for kids I think.
4 A four star just for the view alone...if you sit in the outdoor area that is. I've been lucky in that each time I've eaten here, I get a primo seat on a primo day and you can look out over the Preserve and far beyond. Very nice.  As for the food - it's good too. Used to be a Wolfgang Puck branded place, menu is a little different now, in fact they offer a good daily special board. It's run by the Culinary Institute now.  Had their BBQ pork sandwich, served with homemade crinkle cut chips (very tasty). The BBQ sauce was very smokey flavored, thick and a good balance of sweet and savory. Well done Culinary Institute!  They offered a roasted butternut squash soup which was nicely prepared/presented (in fact all their food is) and tasted good.  It's a nice place to relax a bit in between or after checking out the Preserve.
4 The food here is tasty and well prepared, a relief with kids in tow.  Just not that many items on their menu.  I say this because I expect overpriced pre-packaged food from museum cafes.  However, it seems to be very well run with a manager who oversees the preparation of the food.  The menu is simple and the staff very friendly.  I love the view from this location of the preserves, as well as, the Strip, most specifically you can see the Stratosphere.  I forget I'm in Vegas!  For what you get, the food is great. Don't hesitate coming here if you're visiting the Spring Preserves.  Of course the prices will be inflated but they're not outrageous.
4 Most of us have gone to a theme park and been greatly disappointed by the food services.  Usually prepackaged, microwaved fare or fast food level, or super pricey)   Even the great San Diego Zoo has mediocre food for the most part (although if you search they do have some gems).  So I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at the Springs Cafe which offers well prepared, gourmet style lunches and entrees at reasonable prices.  I had a ceviche salad that was excellent.  The hamburgers were great and the sides excellent.  The sundays were tasty.  This isn't a gourmet location though and the service is underwhelming, the ambiance mediocre. In fact the service was very poor, they tried to bring our deserts (we got free sundays with the coupon on the flyer) at the same time as the meal. Then when we got them to understand we wanted them to wait on delivery, they got mixed up as to how many we ordered.  Also the food takes a while.  But the food is worth it and even the picky eaters I was with enjoyed their meal without complaints, not an easy task.
4 The Good: great tasting food healthy choices reasonable prices peaceful setting with great views, especially outside great kids menu  The bad: Try to avoid during kids field trip lunches for obvious reasons they closed!  looking forward to the new opening...I hope they maintain the high quality and reasonable pricing. the last few days they were open prior to shutting down was disgraceful...they really phoned it in.
1 The springs cafe has changed. New name and new menu. A meal per person on average will cost $10. I ordered a hamburger and it fell apart. I ordered the kids mac and cheese for my 8 year old and the Mac and cheese on the plate was about 2 tablespoons worth of Mac and cheese. This place is not the same. The exquisite food by the culinary school is gone. Unlikely I will be returning. This is a big disappointment since I have a pass and come here often with my family. I will be eating outside of springs preserve now.
5 Excellent food, higher price but well worth it! Service was good as well. The outside patio also makes for a great environment for a little lunch date!
3 This review is solely based on the Mothers Day Brunch . I feel for the price this was a OK experience. We went to the 1-4pm  brunch. Upon arrival there was a bit of line but overall it wasn't that long of a wait at all. When we were seated the family proceeded to head off and get food. They had a Chicken and Waffles station, Carving station, Salad bar and Omelet station that also had bacon and sausage.  The lines to get to each food line were pretty long and it made it difficult with the children but the Chicken was really good and the waffles were delicious.    The longest wait was for the Omelettes which were totally worth the wait but they RAN OUT OF MUSHROOMS . It totally was a buzz kill but the guys working that station were really friendly and did a good job making up for not having my favorite ingredient. I felt like we really didn't have a server at all so I was constantly flagging someone down to try to get our Mimosa or plates cleared off. Most of the desserts were really STALE and just didn't satisfy me at all even though they had a large variety to choose from. I would give this brunch a try again but definitely would choose to go to the morning session.
4 New name and menu and improved food.  Checked our the restaurant at the Springs Preserve for the first time since the latest update.  I've eaten at the cafe 5-7 times over the years including when it was Wolfgang Puck and after as well.  I think this update is an improvement in both price and taste. We had 3 entrees and 3 kids meals for $44. My kids are 3,5,6 and the kids meals were a good amount of food for them asks included fresh fruit / veggies. The kids mac n cheese is yummy and the snack tray was perfect for my 3year old. The lobster sandwich special was awesome with the tomato bisque soup especially for $10. The service was more attentive than in the past although I've never had an issue on previous visits they just seemed a little more helpful this time. In the past the foods quality was hit or miss and a little overpriced. As a member that meant we normally skipped the café.  With this update we will definitely stop more often on our visits.
4 Good food, great service, fantastic view at a just-right price. We'll go back again.
4 I haven't been here in a couple years since it was Wolfgang Puck's restaurant and even though it was good, it was pricey for what I wanted. I noticed this time around, it changed names and it took some convincing from my hungry boyfriend to just eat here while on our Springs Preserve date than venture off campus. That being said:  We ordered the chicken pesto pizza $10 and a burger (boyfriend never mentioned the name) $9-10 ordered medium rare. The views are beautiful and so relaxing with their floor to ceiling windows overlooking Springs Preserve and the Vegas skyline from the northwestern perspective. Food didn't take long and they brought it to the table. My pizza was definitely not just a personal size. It's good enough for two super hungry people or three people snacking. DELICIOUS. The oils from the cheese were everywhere and when you pull the slice, it had that glorious stretch of soft fresh cheese...the way pizza was meant to be. Johnny's burger was pretty good, better than I would expect. It looked like a gourmet burger with a half pound or so patty cooked medium rare with its juices still intact on a brioche bun. All the condiments you need are already on the table including hot sauces. Oh, and the fountain drinks include a dispenser of water infused with mint and sliced strawberries. With  a squeeze of lemon, it was amazingly refreshing and tasteful for the hot summer day.  I was pleasantly surprised. Definitely had the midrange cafe prices but service, food, and quality was there. Good stuff.
4 This is the 3rd  version of the Springs Cafe that I know of, and its still about the same.  To be honest, the location and the view get the 4 stars, the food probably warrants about 3.5.  The dining choices are good, and I've never had bad food or bad service, but there is nothing terribly special about the offerings. A solid burger, good wraps, good pizzas, some interesting specials. Again, the food takes second place to the location.  I would definitely recommend coming here if you're in the area, the views of the valley are great. Sit out on the balcony on a warm day an just take it all it.
5 Way better than the academy cafe. The Gluten free vegan wrap is great! The place looks cleaner and the staff is friendlier.
5 Woah, this is some tasty stuff and huge portions for the adults! It is pricey but that is to be expected.  Wish the sides for the kids were a little bigger but other than that, I wouldn't change anything. This place was very clean, and ran like a well oiled machine. I wish you could just come here to dine without admission!
