5 Excellent service, Ms. Renu understand needs of their clients and work accordingly. She is very experienced aesthetician. All the services are priced very reasonably as well. I am so glad to have found her and now her salon is my stop shop!!
5 Took my daughter here to get her eyebrows threaded and a facial before prom.  My daughter was very nervous for anyone to touch her eyebrows but Ms Renu did an outstanding job shaping them & her facial was wonderful as well.  Glad my sister recommended her as she is so kind and gentle. Prices for her services are great! We will definitely be back and tell everyone about Renu
5 Loved my eyebrows after my first experience- will be back!
5 Ive gotten my eyebrows threaded a ton of times. When I get waxed, I always get a bunch of pimple like bumps, a ton of irritation, and it never looks like a clean line. Threading is usually a lot more painful then waxing, but it was less painful this time. It was kind of difficult to find the location, because my GPS said it was on the other side of the road. The curb appeal of the location is lacking but don't judge a book by its cover! Renu is GREAT!! I am usually really red for at least three hours after, but my skin around my eyebrows were like normal after an hour.  Most of the time there are stray hairs I have to get, but I had a nice clean line, with no stray hairs. This was by far the best eyebrow threading experience I have ever had!! Next time I need my eyebrows done, I wouldn't choose anywhere else! I would suggest Renu to anyone who asks me a good place to get threading. I am looking forward to trying the other skin care treatments she has available!
5 Sometimes finding a consistent place for eyebrow threading can be almost as painful as the process itself, but look no further! She does great work and is extremely flexible on schedule times. It's virtually painless and always looks great. I know Renu Skin also offers facials, waxing, etc and I'm excited to try all the other services. I would recommend to anyone!
5 I got my eyebrows threaded for the first time today and I absolutely love them! I'm used to getting them waxed, but had to stop due to a new medication.  Renu is super sweet and was able to get me in right away.  I never felt rushed at my appointment and she definitely seemed very knowledgeable when it comes to threading.  My eyebrows look very clean and natural, which is exactly what I wanted.  I will definitely be back and plan on recommending her to everyone!
5 Big fan! Used a coupon from Amazon Local for the regular facial and was glad I did. The facial was very relaxing, Ms. Renu knows what she's doing! My face feels so soft and smooth. Will have to go back again, her regular prices are very reasonable, and based on what I've paid for a facial before, not only reasonable, but actually underpriced. She's that good. Bit hard to find the little Beauty Mall she works in, so check out the photo. Don't be fooled by the outside, it's very nice inside.
5 Renu did the best job on my full face threading and eyebrows! It can be really hard to find a consistent person who does threading, but she is a true find. Her work was also a lot less painful than other times I've gotten threading done. Renu is also a very knowledgeable and kind person.
5 This was my first time getting my brows threaded, so I was pretty picky but the other great reviews made this place seem like the smart choice. Have to say, I was blown away by the quality of my brow threading! It was quick, they were well-shaped (I had been growing my brows back new) and the process was not very painful. A lot of people warned me about the pain of threading, but this was about the same as waxing, if not less painful.   As someone with fresh brows to work with, the shape I wanted was 100% taken into consideration and my opinion was always confirmed before continuing on my brows. My wait time was very short (I didn't make an appointment, just walked in). Overall, great experience and would definitely recommend, especially for eyebrow threading!
4 Renu is very sweet and does a great job treading eyebrows.  She has a  private room to get all treatments done, be it a facial or treading. She is consistently keeping my eyebrows in great shape.   I would highly recommend her to anyone who is in need of a more precise look from threading than from waxing.
