1 My review for this business can be found on my blog.  DO NOT go to these doctors, or any of their offices.    http://www.alittleblueberry.com/2011/10/life-after-life.html
1 I purchased a Dealchicken deal for this business.  The "Deal" was for 4 chemical peels, a full-body skin check and $25% off products.  I went for my 1st peel and the skin check.  I have had chemical peels before, but this was so painful.  The "Dermatologist" was rubbing this solution all over my face, with something that felt like sandpaper; especially on my forehead.  It was so painful, I had to ask her to stop.  It finally calmed down, and she told me to put on this moisturizer, when the pain got back to "under 5".  The whole "peel" took about 5 minutes.  She did the skin check, which also took about 5 minutes.  She "shot" some spray onto a spot on my arm, that also hurt very much.   I have had that done before, but remember my dermatologist in CA wiping the spot with something local to numb it, before spraying it, and letting you know this was going to happen. I would  not say that they skin check was thorough, at all.  When I left, the receptionist told me that she was too busy to schedule the second peel, so it would be best if I called in at a later time.  I will not be going back for my remaining peels.  The peel was also so harsh on my face, especially my forehead, and I peeled for days.  Again, this was not anything like peels I have had in the past.  My guess is that once they had your money, they wanted to discourage you from returning, and for the 15 minutes that they spent on me, they reaped a pretty good profit from my $150, Some 'Deals" are not deals, at all.  I have documented this to DealChicken, but I don't know if they can help at all.  Beware!
5 Left a message for Stacy who called back very promptly.  She and Dr. Pehoushek were able to fit my son in same day to remove a jawline cyst.  Another dermatologist had suggested a plastic surgeon due to proximity to nerves.  Dr. Pehoushek had no such concerns and quickly and thoroughly removed the cyst.  He was professional and personable!  My son has other cysts and will not hesitate to go back for his treatment.  Since I have a Yelp account he asked me to write the highest recommendation for him.
5 After years of patronizing the "North Scottsdale Top Doc" dermatologist, I decided to try Dr. James Pehoushek at the recommendation of a friend.   When I looked up a little information here on yelp, I actually hesitated because the few reviews were not good. However, the negative reviews, for the most part, deal with the allergy division of this practice, not the dermatology area.   Dr. Pehoushek gave me a thorough skin cancer screening, and treated some problem areas. In addition, I have had some skin issues with my face and he discussed why I was having them, and prescribed some medication to clear it up.   What I like about this doctor and office: Very friendly, very competent, very thorough, NO ATTITUDE, and for once, I felt like I was going to an old-fashioned doctor.   Not only do I highly recommend Dr. Pehoushek, but chicken-me look forward to returning...
5 I am a very active 22 year old college student who has struggled with a skin condition on my feet for years. I would never remove my socks or walk around barefoot because I was too embarrassed. I even hid my feet in the sand during a trip to Cancun because it was so bad. I moved to AZ a few months ago and found myself wanting to wear sandals everyday, but didn't because I was, again, too embarrassed. I can't tell you how many lotions/creams/home remedies I've tried over the years. None of which helped. I finally caved and decided to find a Doctor in AZ that would help me. That's when I found Dr. Pehoushek. He was a very energetic and funny individual who actually seemed to care about my well being. It was a comforting experience. He didn't just say "oh, try this" or "it'll go away just give it time". He actually took his time. It's been about a week since I saw him and my feet are almost 100% clear. I seriously can't thank him enough for helping me. I would recommend him in a heartbeat. I can finally wear sandals on campus!!
1 So Channel 3 News was reporting that this company was performing free skin cancer exams from 7 am to 11 am at Desert Ridge, and there was no indication that one had to call and schedule an appointment. I drove 45 minutes across the valley to take advantage of this offer. I show up around 10:15 am to be told they are no longer accepting walk-ins. Well, that would have been nice to know before making the trip over here. Thanks for wasting my time and gas.
1 Rude, Snotty, and FAR from thorough are the first words that come to mind.  Dr Lorio acted bothered when I asked in depth questions surrounding the very peel she recommended, and told me she doesn't do  peels, so I would need to talk to her assistant.  Did she direct me to her assistant? No, she told me to make an appointment and sent me on my way.  I was shocked by how uppity a so called "professional" would treat a patient.  A horrible unprofessional experience.  Won't be going back EVER!
