4 They have some pretty good food here and great service. I recommend their El Diablo breakfast pita as well as their albacore tuna. Breakfast bagel is also great here, and better priced than Einsteins. There loose leaf teas are also great!
4 Great coffee!   I'm a big fan of illy coffee and the espresso they seve here.  Lunch items like sandwiches,salads, pizzas, gyros, etc are also available, but are rather pricy.  Still its a good option if you're on the "m and g" meal plan at ASU  and need some grub while studying at the library.
5 Although I'm no tea connoiseur, I loved their gunpowder green tea.  Correct me on the name if I'm wrong.    I've tried their coffee, their gyro's their bagels and my favorite, the lemon-poppyseed muffin (which is such a good pick me up).  I frequent this place when I have money, because they are rather on the pricey side, but delicious and certainly a very GREAT option when you've got the munchies when you're stuck in the library.  They also always have a variety of foods, varying from sandwiches, Indian cuisine and Greek.  I love Café Biblioteca!
1 This is a super belated review for this café (more than a year old!), but I have a grudge that I need to voice. During finals week one semester I ordered a coffee. It was super hot, which is normally a good thing, but after more than 10 minutes of waiting I really wanted to drink it. There were about three people in line, and since I still had 15 minutes before my exam I got back in line and waited to ask for some ice.  Instead of bringing me a small cup of ice, an employee came from behind the counter with a scoop of it. Instead of waiting for me to set my cup down, the employee proceeded to dump the ice in my cup while I was still holding it, spilling hot coffee all over my hand and the floor. Did I get a sorry? Nah. He stared me down like it was my fault and then stalked off without even bothering to cleaning it up. I left for class about ten minutes after the incident, and there was still coffee all over the floor.   You couldn't pay me to reconsider this place.
