1 This woman, Kristen Dawson, is a scam artist. She sold us a puppy that was infected with Giardia horribly and told us that our puppy was AKC and sold it at that price, but she wasn't. Now when we try to talk to her, she avoids all our calls, e-mails and had told us before this shunning that she moved and changed numbers. If you want a French Bulldog, I would look somewhere else.
1 I agree with the previous reviewer.  While our puppy is thankfully healthy, she is now nearly a year old and we've continually gotten the run around from Kristen about her AKC paperwork.  Just gives excuse after excuse- sent to wrong address, problems at AKC, out of town, asst was supposed to take care of it... on and on and on.  I would never go back to her for another puppy, total scam.  Find another breeder.
1 I started my search for a French Bulldog and had decided between two breeders, one that was closer to home but the price was a little too unbelievable, and this woman. When I called her for information, she told me that all her dogs were AKC certified, weren't imported, and that if I chose to buy a dog from her, I would be able to contact her about the puppy I choose and would be able to get pictures and videos.  After hearing that, I chose her. My mistake. I put down the deposit on Feb. 19, 2011 and right after that, she started flaking. I would call and she wouldn't answer, and if she did she would say she's too busy to talk. I would e-mail her and ask for photos or videos, and it would take her two weeks to send anything back. She would only send anything at all because I felt like I had to force her into it. When the photos finally came into my inbox is when I noticed something strange.  The dog in the pictures was the same one that she had posted on her website, one from a past litter. I didn't say anything, because I thought maybe I as being paranoid, until I saw that she had erased the original pictures off of her website. When I found that, I looked at the pictures she sent closer and found that it was a boy, not the little girl I had chose. When I confronted her about it, she said she sent the wrong photos by accident, but all the photos I got after that were still of the same dog.  At the time, I was making payments to her while the puppy was growing up, and I had never missed or was late with a payment, and it seemed like every time I would send a payment, she would get more and more distant. By the time it came to taking the trip to pick up my puppy, I had to call multiple times in order to arrange my pick up. Instead of picking up my puppy at her house, like she had originally promised, we had to meet her at her vet's office where one of her dogs was supposedly giving birth.  I agreed, but only because I wanted to meet my little pup so bad. So when I made my long journey and finally met her, I did fall in love instantly with the puppy. My problem, Kristen was supposed to bring her AKC papers with her so I could register them. She told me that she would send them to me once I signed the contract, then she got in her car and drove away, even though she had said that she had one of her dogs giving birth inside.   So when I brought her home, I took her to our vet to get a wellness check-up and they said everything was fine, so I sent the contract to Kristen so that I could get her AKC papers. A few days later, my puppy started not acting right. She wouldn't eat after a while, was lethargic and had really runny stool. So I took her to the vet again with a stool sample, I found out she had Giardia and Coccidia. To be fair, she warned me that she may have it, but it wouldn't be that serious. Well it was pretty serious.  My vet had to give her sub-q fluids before she left and started her on medicine and I had to buy special cleaner to clean up after her stools, since normal cleaners wont kill Giardia. When I contacted Kristen about this, she got really short with me and told me that it wasn't serious at all, despite what my own vet told me, and that she would send me medicine for it. She never sent it. I called her again, because by this time, it had been 4 weeks since I sent the contract to her, but I still hadn't received my AKC papers.  She told us that her assistant, whom I had never met nor heard of before, must have forgotten to send them and that she would send them out as soon as possible. It was another 4 weeks later and still nothing. When I tried to call again, she wouldn't answer. When I tried to e-mail, she wouldn't respond. So finally, I called AKC myself to ask about it. They had no record of my puppy being born, so her litter wasn't registered. My puppy cost $2400 so that it would be included with AKC, but she isn't.  So even now I still try to contact her, but she still won't give me the time of day, Find another breeder.
1 Well Jessica, I had the same experience! My puppy came home with Giardia and Coccidia as well. She had diarrhea and was very sick 2 days after I brought her home and spent $700 at "my" vet to get her hydrated. Kristen said that happens to puppies and that she could have given me the meds to help her. Heck no am I taking meds from someone not licensed to distribute them. My puppy is now nearly 7 mos. old, she is not free of the parasites and went thru 4 rounds of heavy duty meds to rid her of them. She gets another stool check in March to see if she's finally clear of them.  As for the AKC, kristin said she paid for mine and my microchip. As of today, no papers and no microchip. The AKC paperwork was supposed to be her attempt to remedy all the additional financial cost of my puppy and her problems with parasites. Needless to say, I have had difficulties reaching Kristin as well. She does return emails but she's "always" out of town and her assistant this and her assistant that. I too have never met her! But I will say one thing, unlike Jessica, I did visit my puppy weekly until I finally got her. Not sure she's the one I picked out but still love her unconditionally anyway.  I will go elsewhere next time...you can bank on that! And I won't recommend her company to anyone.
1 About three years ago we purchased a $3000 female brindle french bulldog from Kristin for our 3 year old daughter. We didn't really have any problems with her for the first year and half. About a year and half in Hazy went blind. We didn't know what the cause was. We spent thousands of dollars at the vet and they could not find the answer. Over the course of about 4-6 months Hazy's blindness turned into dementia. Eventually, we decided we had to put her down because her quality of life had completely deteriorated. The vets believe that she had developed a brain tumor. This was crushing for our 3 year old. It was not cheap, but more importantly it was heart breaking for my family. Hazy was my 6 year old's best friend, my 16th months old's play pal, and my wife's little buddy. She was MY first dog. Before her disease kicked in, she was the coolest dog known to our group of friends as "Crazy Hazy" because she had so much playful energy for a Frenchie. We all loved Hazy.  When we originally contacted Kristin about this she was extremely kind and sincere. She said she would give us another french bulldog in a future litter, so we were patient. As time passed, Kristin became less responsive. It has been about a year now and we have heard from Kristin in over 6 months...
1 Ladies and gentlemen,  BEWARE. I wish I could give no stars.  DO NOT buy your french bulldog from Kristen Dawson at Las Vegas Frenchies.  To start, I obtained this info after we gave Kristen our $500 deposit, she was asking $3000 for a fawn puppy.  1st: Kristen does not have a business license in LV or Henderson, you are welcome to call the local offices, as I did.  2nd: Kristen does not have a breeders license, you can call LV animal control, as I did.  3rd: Kristen has not registered any AKC pups since 2012, you can call, as I did.  If you call these local LV agencies, her name is Kristen Dawson, she has moved since we met in Augsut 2013 so we are not able to contact her.  Long story short, we moved to LV 6 months ago and were finally ready for our pup. We found LV Frenchies on a google search and got in contact (after a couple attempts) with Kristen Dawson once we arrived. I had read some bad reviews but decided to meet her myself. We met her at her home in a southwest neighnorhood in LV, it was a nice home but smelled terribly of urine, I gave her the benefit of the doubt because I wanted a frenchie so bad. She had 6 adults, 2 pups, 2 sick pups and 4 or 6 mini english bulldogs in a pin. We decided to put our deposit down since we really wanted to buy local in August 2013. She kept in contact with us by text mostly, up until January 2014. We were supposed to recieve our little girl puppy mid January at about 8 weeks old.  As the other reviewers have said, after we gave her the money, she kept making excuse after excuse...for example: the 1st litter was due mid Oct/13 but no girls were born, so we waited till a 2nd litter due mid Nov/13 (with both litters I had to call her to see if they were born or not) The Nov/13 litter had 2 girls and 2 boys...we asked to see her week after a week, she said no because we could get the pups sick with a cold or flu (which is impossible, I called a vet just to make sure). She had messaged me 2 sets of photos with 3 pics each of the 2 girls but warned me she might have another puppy just in case?! of what I asked? they don't make it?  Once again, week after week we still couldn't see the pups, because they were still sick,  either she was out of town, she was sick,  her family was in town, she was stuck in Minn...EXCUSES!  So, as of present time Mid January 2014 we have heard nothing from Miss Kristen Lea Dawson regarding our $500 deposit. She stole this money from us. Kristen Dawson is a SCAM ARTIST AND FRAUD.  For any other reviewers out there experiencing the same service from Las Vegas Frenchies, please report it! She will continue to steal money from clients and who even knows the living conditions of these sweet puppies.  We are so disappointed and angry with for not doing the proper research or even trusting such an unhonest business woman. Please do not make the same mistake! We not only lost our hard earned money but we had our home ready for our puppies arrival...Please look elsewhere for a healthy and happy Frenchie!   Good luck!  (This woman does not run a legal business and should be shut down)
