3 Not my favorite location in town (I LOVE the Rainbow location), but it's the closest to my house.  All the same, it's very reasonably priced, the staff is friendly, the beds are clean and well kept, and I have yet to wait for a bed.  The downfall is they only have one 12-minute level 2 bed, and I don't care much for the 15 minute ones.  I'm just really, extremely biased toward the Rainbow location.  Regardless, WAY better than the one on Trop in Summerlin - that one SUCKS!
4 I really love this location mainly because the staff, especially Samantha, are super friendly. They're also super accommodating and handle problems professionally and efficiently. I expect great tanning, but sometimes it's hit or miss on staff - not here!  I've only had to wait maybe one time for a bed I wanted and the place is kept spotless. The beds are all in perfect working order and the bulbs appear to be changed regularly. The only negative is when the Mystic Tan is out, which is was for a week or so. That was a pain, but they do have another location down the street so it wasn't that bad.  All in all, I love this place, it's one of the best places I've found in Vegas to tan. I highly recommend it!
5 Right next to my gym, clean and reasonable pricing.   Spray tan can be great when done well and a nightmare if done wrong.   I always get an even dark tan here. I never turn orange. The tanning solutions don't feel all sticky or smell nasty. I get a perfect tan here always.
5 The first tanning salon I've been to where I didn't feel like I had inconvenienced the staff just by walking in the door. Erika G. was especially helpful, but everyone was friendly, it was very clean and the machines weren't broken!!!
1 I started going here and the very fist time in their beds I got body lice. I found out from another location they do not change their lights or clean their beds. My DR said these are not tanning bumps that some people get when tanning. I'll never go there again.
1 Pam just to let you know I have pics of my back all broke out. Just to let you know that left my back scared. Give me your email address and I will send you the pics of my back 2 days  after tanning for the first time at that palm beach. Also that part of my back itches all the time.    Dale
1 I hate giving bad reviews and I only got ripped off $22 so it isn't a huge deal but rather  just a bad business practice the way it went down.   I showed up like 2 wks ago and just wanted to try the place out. I was told if i bought a $22 bottle of lotion I get 4 free tans. I told them I am only over this way 1-2x a week and asked if i could use them whenever? The girl told me I could. Another family member has a membership at Body Heat that will soon be expiring so we were looking at options with no contracts. Well I went 2x the first week and the 2nd week when i went in to use my last 2 sessions I was told my sessions expired and if i wanted to tan today I could pay $10.  I stated that I was never about an expiration. They just said sorry and i could buy a membership now, etc.   Why would I buy a membership after i was basically swindled out of $22? I just wanted them to live up to what i was told.  Why would I and another family member now sign up at a place that did that? Sounds like the start of worse things to come. Was not giving me my 2 free sessions that I already paid for and are only 10 minutes each worth losing 2 potential new customers?  I guess it was.    Follow me on twitter & instagram @MikeCies
5 I usually tan with Body Heat but became unhappy with the general level of nickle and diming they do, as well as the shoddiness of the facility. Needless to say I decided that I would try someplace else and headed over to Palm Beach. Boy am I glad I did, because I am NEVER going anyplace else again.  Immediately upon entering both my sister and I were impressed by how clean and well maintained the facility was. The amenities are amazing, they give you goggles to use, the towels are fresh (not like the ratty holey towels at  Body Heat), the spray tan booths have all of the necessary bells and whistles - the lotion is always full, the little booties and hair covers are always stocked. I'd gotten so used to how shoddy things were at Body Heat.   Even more important, the associate, Nicole, was amazing, She remembered me from a previous visit, at a previous salon, YEARS ago! She went out of her way to help explain all the beds and all of the possible plans. More importantly, not only was she nice to me, her bedside manner with the other customers was amazing. She was the only one there but she never failed to clean the beds, and every time she came up and saw someone waiting she apologized and went out of her way to make them feel comfortable and important. All I can say is that any salon would be lucky to have her and it shows the quality of Palm Beach management that the recognize and hire such phenomenal talent.   Finally, you would think that with all of these upgrades it would be more expensive than Body Heat but, no, it's actually quite a bit cheaper! They had a $20.00 off coupon so it was only $89.00 a month to use ANY bed (I was paying $119.00 at BH) with, get this, NO CONTRACT. I can cancel anytime before the 25th of the month (I had to give thirty days notice at BH) and they didn't charge me for medium spray or other cool extras. They even have Q-tips and baby wipes and hair accessories in the back for cleaning yourself up after you tan. All things considered I give Palm Beach tanning five very well maintained and bronzed stars.
