5 I live and work right near this place and have found it to be one of my new favorite places to grab a quick treat when strolling down Mill Ave. The store is very clean and well lit making for a pleasant atmosphere. The ice cream sandwiches are delicious and come in very filling sizes as well as a variety of flavors/flavor combinations. The staff are all very nice and welcoming. I definitely recommend this place if you like ice cream and fresh cookies as much as I do!
5 Had Slickables yesterday for the first time and I was very pleased.  I got the chocolate chip cookies with cookie dough ice cream and my boyfriend had red velvet cookies with strawberry cheesecake chunk ice cream. We both enjoyed them very much. The cookies were fresh baked and absolutely delicious. The price is more than reasonable for what you get. The employees were super friendly and the store was very neat and clean.  I'm sure we'll be going there again soon.
5 Raise your hand if you are just sick and tired of froyo? Ohhh K, no hands up, eh.  I totally understand.  With so many unique flavors you get and the assortment of toppings, that's hard to beat.  BUT you know what's still around? That's right, good ole' fashion ice cream sandwiches.  Inspired by DIDDY RIESE in LA, Slickables wanted to bring the same level of quality in its homemade cookies and pricing.  In fact, the target market is so identical--poor college students.  Located on downtown Mill Ave, it does not get any better than that.  Students roam amok here throughout the day.   Having had Diddy's, I must say the difference is that it cost 50 cents more here and the cookies slightly tastier and chewier.  Wedge two cookies together with their Dryer brand ice creams and you will be quite content! Just $2 plus tax!  You get a decent choice of ice creams from Peanut Butter to Almond flavors.  So take a break from froyo and munch down on some chewy cookies and ice cream! It might get a little messy, but totally worth it! $2 or 8 quarters! + tax! ;-)  A side note, they do not toss away their cookies, they will sell a small batch of 1 day old cookies for $1.  I advise parking at the structure near 7th St on the east side of Mill.  The elevator takes you up to ground level and you will be near the shop.  Get your pass validated at the Bank of America branch.  Order the RED VELVET cookie, I promise you will be pleased!
4 I work right above this shop and its the perfect pick me up snack.  The staff here is extra friendly and always greet customers with a smile.  The desserts are HUGE and delicious.  :)
5 Slickables is glorious. Fresh baked cookies (that you get mix and match), a ton of ice cream flavors, a great location, and it's only $2.   I need to repeat that. Only $2.  This place just redefined desserts. Get the Dulce de Leche on two Chocolate Chip Cookies and your life might be changed. Clean store, friendly owners, and somewhat distanced from the homeless masses that now roam Mill Ave.
5 Cheap, easy and delicious (not unlike your mum. . .  j/k). Their prices are super reasonable ($2 for a pretty large ice cream sandwich) and they have high quality product. It's a small business, so the folks that work there are the owners, and they're very interested in making sure you get served quickly and get what you want. I work right above this place and have been there numerous times, each time they keep the same standard up.
3 Ice cream in between two cookies. Yes, its only $2 for one scoop and two cookies, however the quality is nothing special. The cookies were neither warm nor fresh when I went, and the ice cream was standard typical ice cream you could get at any grocery store. It certainly was nothing to rave about, and I certainly was not impressed with the quality in any manner. Cookiez on mill down the street is much better, and although it is a little more expensive, the quality is much better.  This place is just adequate and really not all that impressive, even for the low price.
5 It is hard  to not give a good review for cookies and ice cream.  I had a snickerdoodle cookie, a mint chip cookie with chocolate cookie dough ice cream in the center.  Delicious.  The best part is, it is only $2!  It's a generous scoop of ice cream too.  I will be back.
4 $2 for an ice-cream sandwich? Seriously?!  It's almost like they're giving them away for free! On top of that, you get to choose your cookies and ice cream flavor. It's customized for your liking, this is pure genius I tell ya! I ate next door at La Bocca and was in the mood for some dessert. Any why not? For $2, anyone would want dessert... am I right?! I got the Butter Pecan squashed between a Snickerdoodle and Mint Chocolate Chip. Kinda odd pairing, but surprisingly it worked. Best $2 dessert ever and the best bang for your buck!
4 Yummy! Though there are quite a few ice cream/yogurt places on Mill Ave this one is my favorite. Very friendly service and a great deal. I'd give 5 stars but it's a personal rule of mine to never give 5 stars to a place that still gives styrofoam. I suggest having some lunch at La Bocca then popping next door for dessert. Salted Caramel Cookies with Dulce de Leche ice cream!
5 Delicious and inexpensive.  I had the chocolate chip cookies with rocky road in the middle.  A nice treat and good addition to Mill Ave.
5 Where do I even begin to sing the praises of Slickables? I'm sure it gets flack for competing with old Mill favorite Cookiez but if you haven't gone for this reason, cheat on Cookiez one day. You won't regret it.  The ice cream is just Dreyer's, but the cookies themselves are incredible. Soft enough to actually be able to eat it as a sandwich, but solid enough to not fall apart. They have regular chocolate chip, snickerdoodle, oatmeal, etc. but their specialty lemon white chocolate is fabulous. Also, on Tuesdays and Fridays you can get chocolate with salted caramel bits...I died.   You can mix and match your cookies and, as others have mentioned, if you use cash it's only $2. I've never paid with a card, but I imagine it's still less than $3 for quite a lot of deliciousness.   The store itself is cute, and every time I'm in they've added new decorations like their chairs with bite marks. The owners, Tina and Sam, are so nice! And, once I was lucky enough to meet their pomeranian, Spoon. This place seriously could not get any cuter or more awesome.  Overall, you just can't go wrong here. Even if you get a seemingly weird flavor combination, it doesn't even matter. It's just so good. Oh! And don't forget to pick up a pack of 4 or 5 day-old cookies for just a dollar! Slickables is the best deal on Mill.
5 LOVE this place! You really cannot go wrong with $2 ice cream sandwiches. Also, the cookies are always fresh and just slightly soft, nothing too hard or crunchy which I like. They have delish ice cream flavor options, and you can pick any combination of cookies / ice creams.  Amazingly good for just $2, fun for a date night dessert!
4 I had been out of town for nearly four days and realized I hadn't yet had ice cream.  I knew I had to do something about that.  I found this place, and my addiction was fed.  The cookie options and ice cream flavor options were great, and I had a lot of fun mixing and matching to create my sandwich.  The only thing to me that would bring this up to a 5-star review would be if the ice cream too were homemade.  I think that would be simply amazing!
2 When this place opened, I kept looking for yelp reviews.  But they were all 5* posts from complete unknown users.  Soon these reviews were filtered off.  Not many other businesses have such a disproportionate amount of filtered 5* reviews.  It's a little obvious :/  I rarely write reviews, but I'm going to start because of things like this.  The place is not bad.  The owners are friendly, but I couldn't be their friend if you know what I mean.  The quality of the cookies are ok considering the cost.  Dreyers is dreyers.  They would have gotten a 3* review probably, but I knocked off 1 for being fake.  They called their ice cream "super premium".  Huh?  Compounded with the flood of fake yelp reviews, I knocked off a star to help average out the fake reviews.  Maybe I'll restore it when I feel like we don't need vigilante justice for these slick business owners.  In all, I think these guys will do well.  My friend had something at Cookiez the same day I had Slickables.  Slickables ice cream sandwich wins, but doesn't win my heart.
5 It's good to see a small local business doing it right!  Great concept, simple menu and straight forward pricing.  Also lets not forget their great ice cream sandwiches - they aren't fancy, they aren't huge, and they aren't expensive.  Both the cookies and ice cream are of great quality and taste (even though my wife made me get the frozen yogurt instead of the ice cream).  For an even $2 ($2.19 if you use your credit card) you get a quality treat from a husband and wife team (I think) that are happy to have your business.  I shutter to think about how many ice cream sandwiches they have to sell to make the rent on that place, but I wish them luck.  The next time I am strolling down Mill I will definitely be back.
4 Exactly what many others have said.  $2 for a fresh ice cream sandwich?  $1.50 for an ice cream scoop.  Total bargain!!!  The service was quick and friendly.  I tried the chocolate chip cookies (mmm... soft and delicious) with the peanut butter cup ice cream.  Really, I ate the whole thing even though I felt like I was going to throw up because I was so full.    A winner in my book!  I hope they stay open forever so we can make it a regular dessert place.
4 How can you pass up a 2 dollar yes you heard me right a 2 dollar ice cream sandwich on Mill.  You can pick two different flavors of cookies if you want or two of the same.  There are quite a few choices of creamy ice cream that goes between the soft cookies.  The couple are lovely.    I love the simple decor but mostly I the chairs crack me up.  It looks like there is a bite taken out of the chair.  I loved that because when the boys were little and I made their lunch I always took a bite out of their sandwiches before packing them.  My way of saying I love you.
2 $2 cookie ice cream sandwich is totally a deal! Unfortunately you totally "get what you pay for".  I finally made it in here the other day, and I just wasn't all that impressed. After reading all the reviews, I was expecting the most adorable/amazing ice cream cookie place ever! What I walked into, however, was a kind of grungy store front.  I asked for the m&m cookie and snickerdoodle cookie with vanilla ice cream. After paying I was told to help myself to a spoon and napkins. The cup (or spoon holder/spoon display?) for the spoons had one lonely spoon in it. One! It was dead in there, how long does it take to refill the spoon cup? I thought it was the ice cream-sample-spoon-trash. Ugh, gross I really hope it wasn't. Anyway! My cookie sandwich had the tiniest scoop of ice cream on it, which tasted fine (I've had Dreyers a time or two). The cookies were pretty good, although the selection was seriously lacking when I went in there (around 4). My m&m cookie had 4 m&m's in it. Really, it did! I'm not just trying to be a snobby bitch, I swear! So, $2 dollars in exchange for an ice cream sandwich is a good deal. But like I said, you get what you pay for, and in this case it aint much. I'll keep going to Cookiez for my gigantic 1/2 ice cream sandwich that costs maybe $3, but has homemade ice cream, and ample amounts of spoons! (Cookiez on mill is pretty grungy, too, I know!)
4 This place is a really great idea. It's $2 for a good cookies and ice cream.  I don't really think it matters that it's Dreyer's ice cream.  It tastes good and they advertise it all over the store so they aren't hiding anything.  The owners are very nice and my Reese's Cookie and chocolate ice cream was great.
4 Holy wow!!  Slickables catered our monthly office birthday party today and it was funtastical!  We had the option of two cookies (big duh) Chocolate chip, Double chocolate chip, Snickerdoodle, Oatmeal raisin. Both cookies didn't have to be the same. Our ice cream choices were vanilla, chocolate, chocolate chip mint or coffee. I order two chocolate chip cookies with the mint ice cream. Mel ordered a chocolate chip and a snickerdoodle cookie with the mint ice cream. I also ordered a second sandwich for tomorrow, because people like to give me food. That one is double chocolate chip cookie with coffee ice cream.  I love that this shop is off the light rail.   On a side note, there are times when I'm eating ice cream and it reminds me of babysitting my cousins one weekend. That first night the youngest kept crying for "ouch cream" and I was really annoyed because I'd already missed the first 8 minutes of Twin Peaks. The next morning she wanted "panic cakes". Kids really are stupid.
5 $2.00 ice cream sandwich. NEED I say more?!  Located towards the south end of Mill in downtown Tempe, just north of the shell that used to be Borders. This place is awesome. We were greeted by the owner when we walked into this tiny shop, and she is super nice. We asked ourselves, "Do we want a couple scoops in a cup or a cone or *suddenly distracted* $2.00 ice cream sandwich?! Sold." For 2 bucks you have your choice of 2 cookies and a large scoop of Dreyers ice cream, they do the rest. AND the tax is rolled into the price! Its literally *just* 2 dollars! The rest of my group went w/ typical choices ( 2 chocolate chip cookies w/ a scoop of peanut butter cup ice cream, 2 mint chip cookies w/ mint chocolate chip ice cream, etc) but Im a daredevil. A wild card. I opted for a snickerdoodle, and mint chip as the bases for my creation w/ a scoop of rocky road in the middle. The cookies aer all homemade, delicious, and super soft and chewy. Paired w/ Dreyers ice cream (Edys for you east coast transplants), its definitely a winner.
4 Three and a half stars rounded up. Slickables is simple, choose your cookie and your ice cream, pay, eat. It's cheap and delicious with freshly baked cookies and Dreyers ice cream, I just wish the interior was more put together... it isn't very inviting or well decorated.
5 A $2.00 ice cream sandwich is a great deal already, but the friendly service bumps this up to a 5 star business for me. Sam and Tina are very warm and welcoming, they make my friends and I feel right at home everytime we stop in, which is quite frequently! The cookies are homemade and perfect for an ice cream sandwich; as some others have said, soft and chewy, yet holds up to a big chomp combined with the ice cream. Their brownie a la mode is really good too, and the tiramisu, while a little more expensive ($3.75) is delicious! Great to see a local business doing well, I will continue to support Slickables!
2 You cannot be serious okay let's talk about the good first  this place has a awesome setup really clean, and a nice welcoming atmosphere its trying to create a new modern appeal to Mill Ave but it lacks taste and originality I tried this place instead of my regular spot and thought the ice cream was something I could get from my own freezer not unique or homemade and the cookies I could of got at a local grocery store. The counter person was insistent that it was a cheap snack being $2.00 and all but I mentioned that it's not about quantity but much more about quality and I would pay more a product that was homemade.
5 Ice cream between fresh baked cookies is just as delicious as it sounds. Super delicious.
4 A generous scoop of ice cream in between two freshly baked cookies for $2?? Yes please! The place is cute (albeit small, but you can always just take it to go and eat it at a random bench on Mill), and the owner is super nice. I went with her recommendation and it didn't disappoint! I got raspberry sherbet in between a double chocolate and chocolate chip cookie, and the tartness of the sherbet balanced out well with the sweetness of the cookies. Now if they offered homemade ice cream, then this would bump it up to five stars
5 I love this shop!  It's simple and delicious.  Pick your cookies, pick your ice cream and they make a perfectly sized ice cream sandwich for you for a great deal - $2.  It's addictive, I'm hooked.
5 Fresh cookies and giant scoop of ice cream! Terrific and for 2 bucks totally worth a visit if you are on Mill. Hot coco was also good. Not much seating but take it to go.
5 They need to open a second location in Downtown Scottsdale ASAP.  $2 for a delicious ice cream sandwich.  Not to give them any ideas, but my girlfriend said she would have paid $4.50 for that awesome dessert.  YUM!
5 Even though Dreyer's ice cream is available everywhere, it seems to taste better between two fresh baked cookies. You can even get two different cookie flavors and my choice was double choc. chip and red velvet. Peanut Butter cup ice cream was placed in the middle and off to Mill we go to eat as I walked past the hobo drawing photos nearby. Great sandwich to eat while walking, nice staff member and a great deal for 2 bucks.
5 place is yummy! $1.50 ice cream is a steal and at $2.00 for an ice cream sandwhich everyone should be screaming for ice cream!!
5 I am always a sucker for ice cream and cookies. Who isn't? Well what if I told you that you could have both at the same time for only $2 bucks? Even better right? Not only do you get to pick the flavor of ice cream that goes in between the cookies but you also get to pick the cookie flavors you want on the outside. That's right, flavors. They have several cookie trays with different flavors and you get to pick which two cookies you want with your ice cream. I don't think I really need to say any more. Just go and try one!
4 This is a great place to hit up after a show at Gammage. You can walk down Mill and get a delectable ice cream sandwich big enough for two people to share-- all for $2! By the time you enjoy your tasty treat, the parking lot has cleared out, you can avoid the headache of leaving Gammage at night.  I've been here a couple times now, and I've gotten the double chocolate cookie both times. It's so good, and the texture is just right for an ice cream sandwich. I like the ice cream (got pb cup and cookies and cream), but I wish there was a few more flavors. I also wish there was water cups available for customers, but for $2 I can live with it.
5 TWO ($2) DOLLAR ICE CREAM SANDWICHES?!?! What? Yup, you heard me right....these delicious and heaping ice cream sandwiches are only 2 buck-a-roonies.   When I say ice cream sandwich, you probably think of those ones that you buy from the ice cream section at the grocery store...that's exactly what I thought when someone suggested going to get Ice Cream Sandwiches. My initial reaction was "meh, borning ice cream sandwiches" but then as soon as I walked in the doors, all of my worries were put behind me. Slickables Ice Cream Sandwiches is a big heaping scoop of ice cream sandwiched between two cookies. I opted for two double chocolate chip cookies and peanut butter cup ice cream. The flavors were amazing and I was impressed! The variety of sandwiches you could make here is insane...or you could go the simple route and still have your socks knocked off.
4 Great ice cream sandwich place for a great price.
3 Pick two cookies and a flavor if ice cream and you get an awesome over cream sandwich for $2!!! You might have to deal with an annoying crowd of college students though, so only 3 stars for that.  This is an awesome place to grab a treat or get dessert after dinner!
4 Nice people good cookies and Dreyers ice cream. Great combo. Go snicker doodle with dulce de leche.
5 Um... who knew the best dessert I'd ever have was two cookies and a scoop of ice cream?!?! It was AMAZING. You get to choose your ice cream and then your cookies - everything from chocolate and chocolate chip to peanut butter, snickerdoodle, m&ms and more. They were soooo delish i can't wait to go back to Tempe for another one! if you're anywhere near the area you MUST go!
4 Nice staff. Good ice cream- it's a mix of Dreyers, Blue bell and one other ice cream. Open late which is great! Also have Sparkling ICE zero cal water- SO GOOD!
5 What a fun gem we discovered while walking along Mill Ave.  The ice cream sandwiches were wonderful!  We had two: one with white chocolate macadamia nuts filled with pasticho ice cream and then (with help from the woman behind the counter) the red velvet cookies filled with cherry ice cream.  For $2 each you cannot beat this great dessert place!  We'll be back again and again and again!
3 Went here on a date last week. I had been to the now closed Cookiez on Mill, but hadn't yet tried Slickables. I arrived early so I hung out inside waiting for the boy to join me. While I was waiting, a few people came in and who I'm guessing is the owner, greeted them, asked if they'd been there before, and gave them the schpeel if they hadn't.   Once we were ready to order, I perused the menu and decided on a chocolate chip/red velvet cookie combo with caramel ice cream. The guy got a sandwich cookie as well. We sat inside and they put it in a cup for you so do you don't have to deal with figuring out how to eat it :)  The sandwich was good. Was it AMAZING? No. But for $2 I couldn't complain. I'll definitely return to try a milkshake blended with cookies, mmmm
5 Bomb cookies. Solid ice cream choices. Cheap prices.  I'm in love with this place!
5 Stopped here after the Aloha festival. So many varieties of fresh made cookies to choose from and ice cream is absolutely delicious!!!! This is one of my most favorite places on Mill.
5 So this place is wonderful... Drove all the way from California for this. Jk, we were passing through on a roadtrip. My best friend and I were craving ice cream... Like always.. So i googled this place and BAM. Ice cream sandwiches to the MAX. Dove straight into the cookies n cream sandwiched between perfect snickerdoodle cookies... MADE MY NIGHT.
5 I DON'T CARE (if it's 500 calories) I LOVE IT!  This place is great and is a fantastic value.    $2 for a made to order Ice cream sandwich on your choice of really good cookies and whatever ice cream you want??    For $2???    Insanity.   They also have $3.50 shakes that look fantastic!
5 Fresh, chewy cookies, mashed together with ice cream of your choice for $2 is an incredible deal. So tasty.
5 Great find and recommendation from our server at C.A.S.A. I tried a ice cream sandwich with strawberry ice cream and chocolate chip cookies, SO DELICIOUS! Ice cream was fantastic, not sure of the brand. Cookies were soft and chewy. Best dessert for $2.00 - next time I get a few to take home :)
4 I walked by Slickable's many times, and wasn't allured by the cookie display enough to merit a purchase, although eventually I managed to pull myself in to try an ice cream sandwich. Despite how the cookies appear dry and generically standard, they went down surprisingly well, especially with the ice cream. I had a caramel ice cream with the caramel-chocolate cookies.
5 Just had my first taste!  Amazazing!  Totally worth every single calorie.  Just sayin though, the shop was a bit hot considering it's an ice cream place....
5 I came here with a friend and it was really good, especially for $2. The cookies didn't look all that amazing at first, but upon actually eating them, they were soft and were perfect with the ice cream. Will come again many times.
5 Awesome place! My husband and I stopped in for a sweet treat and were greeted cheerfully by the owner who happily gave us samples and let us take our time as we made up our minds.  $2 for two cookies and a scoop of ice cream to make your own custom ice cream sandwich? Yes please.  I had a brownie, chocolate chip cookie, and peanut butter cup ice cream sandwich. It was great! Definitely a fun little spot, plus they have little bags of "day young cookies" that you can pick up for a buck or two if you're feeling extra fat.
5 Best desert place on Mill if you're craving something sweet. Really cheap and delicious. Try the double chocolate cookies with mint chip ice cream. Fantastic
4 This place is an OK alternative if you liked "cookiez" (the other ice cream sandwich shop that closed) Great price for the ice cream though, that can't be beat!
2 Not impressed. Maybe I came on a bad day, but the cookie I got was so doughy and just flavorless. Took a bite and tossed it. The brownie my friend got was okay-better than the cookie but still forgettable. Wouldn't come back here.
5 Great place to grab dessert. Cookies are baked fresh, milkshakes are great, and a perfect location on Mill. Employees are always friendly.
3 Decent selection of cookies and ice cream. At $2 a pop I can't complain about the price. The product itself is nothing to rave about. I pictured fresh baked warm cookies. Instead I got room temperature cookie crackers. Keep in mind if your paying with your card there is a fee. Also be prepared to pay for metered parking.
5 This place is awesome! Skip Sparky's (Cold Stone in disguise) and get better ice cream for WAY less. They are open late and the employees are always friendly. One time I saw a customer left her backpack and an employee ran after her for a block to return it!   The strawberry cheesecake ice cream in a waffle cone is my favorite, while my husband prefers different combos of the ice cream sandwiches that you can create. We think their flavors are better than the other ice cream parlors on Mill.
5 My husband and I stopped into Slickables while at a Tempe Art Festival a few weeks ago. Wow what a great treat for $2!!! We had two snicker doodle cookies with butter pecan ice cream - it was really good!   The cookies were soft and chewy and the ice cream was Dreyers (decent)  Would highly recommend Slickables if your in the area and want a sweet treat!
3 How do you pass up a $2 Ice Cream Sandwich?! Easily, you don't! For only $2 you get two decently sized cookies (of which, you can mix and match any two!), and a huge scoop of ice cream (also, of your choosing).  I will say, the taste of the cookies and ice cream are not, by any means, the highest of quality... but can you really go wrong for just $2?? Probably not! It was a delicious little treat and worth going to!
5 Excellent taste, cookies, brownies, ice creams. Price is $2 to 3 Mix and match. Yummy
2 Good and cheap cookie sandwiches, but the store seems a little sad and empty.
4 The cookies are so soft !! Nothing special about the ice cream but together they sure do make a yummy dessert.  In my opinion, Slickables is better than Diddy Reese in Los Angeles!
5 This is literally my favorite place on earth. Choose any 2 types of cookie and any of a dozen kinds of fantastic ice cream to make the best dessert of your life. And, it's only $2. Including tax. I would pay 5 times that for this level of bliss.
5 What fun! Who doesn't want 2 cookies of my choosing and a scoop of ice cream for 2 bucks?  Good fun while walking around Mill Street.  Fun concept- stupid name....
5 Slickably good!    I went here based on the photos of the ice cream sandwich.  So, if you're perusing reviews and taking a look at pics....... well....... In this case, a picture truly is worth a thousand tastes.    In a single word...  FANTASTIC  Homemade cookies.  Ice cream made in house!  cute little shop on a popular corner in Tempe.  You can't get any better, but if you could, Slicables is where you'd look.  I went with about 3 other friends one day after having dinner nearby in Tempe.  We wanted ice cream.  We.  Needed.  Ice.  Cream!  Everyone turns to me to figure out where to go.  I turn to my trusty Yelp App and discover a highly rated ice cream shop less than a mile from where we were.  So, we park on Mill Ave.  (I add this part for those who might end up making the same mistake.)  Unfortunately, we went to an ice cream shop across the street by mistake.  Watch out, that area along Mill Ave can be confusing (especially after a few glasses of wine at dinner), so be sure to use the address.  That "other" shop doesn't have the ice cream sandwich.  So, we leave that shop and cross the street and hit up the correct location.  I had a nice simple sandwich, a scoop of delicious creamy vanilla ice cream between 2 delicately sweet and chewy chocolate chip cookies.  I was more than satisfied.  I licked the sweet ice cream in the middle of the cookies and then I finally took a hefty bite of the sandwich and I was sold.    My friends had various combinations of mint and chocolate and other cookies.  They were super happy with their sweet sandwich-loves.  Being sandwiched in the middle of Tempe at Slickables is the right thing to do.  Go lick that creamy middle and thank me later!
4 Ambiance is a little lacking (though the chairs with a bite taken out of them, adorable). That's easy to forgive because you can get an ice cream sandwich, made from fresh cookies and some of the best ice cream you'll ever have. For only two bucks. That right there is a starving-college-student-fat-kid's dream. I only wish they were more expensive to deter me from coming back again and again.  I don't even remember what the service was like, all I remember is deliciousness.
5 What can I say.  My two favorite deserts served together.  How can I be disappointed.  the service is great too.
4 All you need to know is $2 for an ice cream sandwich!   The staff was friendly, it's easy to get to, and it's clean. There is not a lot of seating but we were lucky and grabbed a bench out front.   I grabbed a double chocolate chip cookie and a chocolate chip cookie with coffee ice cream sandwiched in the middle. The cookies are soft and chewy. It was a perfect afternoon treat :-)
5 I LOVE Slickables! The cookies are always perfect, soft yet strong enough to withstand the ice cream. My favorites are the double chocolate chip, red velvet, & white chocolate chip macadamia. The ice cream selection is great, offering something for everyone. $2 for a generous serving of ice cream sandwiched between 2 of their delicious cookies? Unbeatable.  Best dessert in Tempe!
5 $2 for warm gooey cookies and great ice cream?! I literally would be in here every day if I lived in Tempe. So good!
1 The price is a great, but I was disappointed that it wasn't homemade ice cream. The girl behind the counter said one of the ones they use is Blue Bell.   Still, I got a strawberry milkshake. It was incredibly bland. Other than knowing I picked out strawberry, there was nothing else to indicate it's flavor.   Now, they have a selection of cookies you can choose from to make ice cream sandwiches that they indicate are made from scratch, but they didn't look all that appealing to me.   Sorry, but there's nothing that would bring me back.
5 Omg $2 for a slice of heaven Tonight I had:  Snickerdoodle cookie Mint chocolate chip ice cream Chocolate chip cookie  My ice cream sandwich was soooo good  The workers were super friendly and offered several tips as to combinations  I will be back here more and more Even if they decide to raise the price  It's so worth it!
5 LOVE THIS PLACE. Got two bucks cash and a need for an ice cream sandwich? This is the place to be.  My friend and I come here about once a week to get our fix and never leave disappointed. Even the one time we got there just after closing, on my friend's birthday, they opened the door and allowed us to buy their last creations of the night.   Couldn't be happier to have Slickables on Mill!
5 I absolutely love this place! Only $2 cash for an amazing ice cream sandwich! Delicious!
5 This place is amazing. I repeat, this place is amazing.  We searched yelp for "cheap dessert place" because we wanted to treat my nieces without having to work overtime.    Two of us got cookies with ice cream, one just ice cream, and one brownie and ice cream.  All different kinds of ice cream...sorry I can't remember which ones now...but four different kinds and we were all pleased!    The cookies were soft and fresh, and I thought there was no way the brownie could compare. It did!  It was just as fresh and delicious.    Great place to stop in and have a restaurant quality (better than, in most cases) dessert without going to a restaurant.
5 THIS PLACE IS FANTASTIC  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.  it's very inexpensive and so worth it! Stop by! I got the chocolate chip cookie with cookie dough ice cream it was greatness!
4 This is one if my favorite dessert places to go to! Each ice-cream sandwich is only $2 & you can mix-and-match any 2 cookies which any ice-cream flavor. The cookies are soft & slightly chewy and the ice-cream flavors are really good sandwiched between them! My favorite combinations are the white chocolate macadamia cookie with the black cherry ice-cream or the red velvet cookie with the strawberry ice-cream.
5 Excellent idea! Cheap and delicious ice cream and ice cream sandwiches. Haven't tried their milkshakes yet but a homemade ice cream sandwich made with two fresh cookies for $2 is awesome.   Great for kids. Great for adults. So glad to see this place on Mill Ave.
3 Cool concept and low prices. I was expecting the cookies to be soft baked so that was kind of a let down. The sandwiches are hard to eat as is and ended up just using a spoon. Anyway, cute place to try when you want ice cream.
5 I've cream sandwiches are amazing. Do it!  Milkshakes are a bit disappointing. Like frothy cold milk without a ton of flavor... But the cookie sandwiches are amazing.   Seriously they're amazing!
4 I was in town for ASU's graduation and was looking for a sweet treat to beat the summer heat. We stumbled upon this place on Mill Avenue. This place serves up milkshakes and scoops, but are best known for their ice cream sandwiches.   The cookies are fresh and soft, and ice cream is Thrifty's brand. You can also mix cookies. Not bad for $2 a pop!
3 Small little ice cream shop and the prices aren't that bad either, very affordable. I like how we can choose 2 different cookies to make an ice cream sandwich.
4 Simple but tasty, a chewy cookie and quality ice cream. Mix and match your favorite flavors for a downhome comfort experience.
5 My new obsession! This was my first time here, and ordered the mint chocolate chip. I can't believe how good this was!! And huge for the price. They have many differant flavors so unless they ban me, I might be here everyday to try em all!
4 A couple of friends and I decided to get some ice cream after the Heat-Spurs game. So, we decided to come here and they sell cookie ice cream sandwiches (genius idea) and they had brownies. Been here a few times before and it never disappoints. This time I got the peanut butter and mint chocolate cookie with vanilla ice cream Other selections I noticed there was of course chocolate chip, red velvet, sugar, snicker doodle. and white macadamia. It was really good and hit the spot for desert.   There was only one person working there when we went and she was great. She was courteous and very polite so that made the experience complete! The location is a really good too seeing how there are so many restaurants it would always be a good spot to give your sweet tooth some satisfaction. Also, when we walked in there was no one, but as we got done ordering and sat down people just kept coming in the the bunches. I'll be back and next time I'll make sure to get brownies and ice cream.
5 I am in LOVE with Slickables. I currently live down in Tucson, but any time I head up to the Phoenix area, I HAVE to make a Slickables stop. Literally every time. It's cheap ($2) but so satisfying. You can get any combination of ice creams and cookies you want. So good.
5 This place was bomb. And cheap! Rye cookies and brownies are fresh. I don't like ice cream but u brought one anyway in a brownie. What the heck it was like 3 bucks. Next time when I come back I'm just straight buying cookies. More my style :)
5 I am in LOVE with Slickables. I currently live down in Tucson, but any time I head up to the Phoenix area, I HAVE to make a Slickables stop. Literally every time. It's cheap ($2) but so satisfying. You can get any combination of ice creams and cookies you want. So good.
4 If you're looking for a yummy summer treat come check out Slickables.  $2 for a Homemade cookie and Ice cream sandwich that is delicious! If you're in the area near ASU main campus it's located on Mill and 7th street.
2 This place was a huge disappointment. The cookies were not chewy as they state but over cooked and crunchy. The ice cream itself was also not very creamy and a bit icy.  The only positive was the customer service was good.
5 I love slickables! The employees are super nice - and they serve you really fast.   The ice cream is your classic, delish ice cream and the cookies are soooo good.   Oy vey I work near here and go here way too much. Such a classically GOOD little place. Prices are great as well.
4 Loved this place while I visited Tempe. Staff was decent, cookies could have been softer, but overall a great experience. Would definitely go again if I was in the area.
4 This place is delicious! Every time I go into this ice cream shop, the staff are super friendly and the atmosphere is cozy. I always get the same things every time because it is so good. I get the ice cream sandwich. Apparently, you can mix up your cookies for the sandwich. The cookies are very fresh, and baked that day.  I did not give this place a five star because there is limited seating inside, and there will always be people that would just sit there without eating; since there are only two table to sit at.
5 HOLY CANOLI this place rocks!  The ice cream is pretty run of the mill but if you mix it with the deliciously chewy cookies, you're in heaven.  My toddler got a kick out of the "bites" on the chairs.  She kept staring at them.  Would love to come back again.  Definitely worth it ... and you can't beat the price!
5 $2.00 for a huge ice cream sandwich!! Family of four tried various kinds of cookies and ice cream, all were great!
5 Wow!  EXTREMELY delicious!  And what a price!  $2 ice cream sandwich, and $3.50 for a brownie with ice cream!  EVERYTHING was delicious--cookies were soft and chewy, and ice cream was top-notch.  We'll definitely be back!
