5 Nothing but good things to say about this place!   I actually came here on my Mom's recommendation. This is her regular OBGYN; she's also had two surgeries by two different physicians here (Dr. Mayer and Dr. Crawford).  I see both Dr. Crawford and Laura Rutledge (Women's Health Nurse Practitioner) . . . mostly Laura though. Everyone is very competent, and I've never had a poor experience. Wait time is as short as it gets; every visit has been completed in a timely manner while still being thorough and answering any questions. Easy to get refills on your birth control.   Laura is actually the one that located the nodule on my thyroid this summer. If it weren't for her, I'd still be walking around with a golf ball full of God-knows-what in my neck.   Maybe it's a little extreme to say this, but I'd trust these people with my life. No, I'm not joking . . .   My Mom came close to dying in 2003 from some serious post-surgical complications and an out of control infection that seemed to have no end in sight. Absolutely horrifying. During this time, Dr. Mayer was an absolute angel to my Dad and the rest of the family. Thank you for keeping our Mom alive, Dr. Mayer!   I can't speak about prenatal care or labor and delivery.   For all of these reasons, I never hesitate to recommend Maricopa OBGYN to any family, friends or random Yelpers that may message me about MOGA!
5 This place is amazing. I came over from Camelback Women's Health because they were just awful. I had a miscarriage back in January. Lisa, the nurse practitioner, was extremely kind and gentile with me. This was my first pregnancy and I was terrified. She helped ease my fears and answer my questions with patience no matter how many times I asked the same thing over and over. She made sure that I was ok not only physically but emotionally. Also through out my miscarriage the nurse staff called to check on me and answered all my calls in a timely manner. I pray that this never happens to me again, but if it does I will definitely go back to MOGA. They also handled my mother's health care with grace and dignity. I will continue to go with them for all of my health care needs.
1 I called  as a first patient new to the area and first time pregnant after going through fertility treatments. I gave all my information to the receptionist especially telling her I wanted to schedule an appt. with a MD not a NP only being 5 weeks and fertility Dr. recommending I only see a MD. towards the end the receptionist stated I was all set and I asked her who I would be seeing she said a NP. I stated no I want to see a MD I explained why and she said for the first time you could only see a NP and you will be seeing different MD every time you have an appointment. So I guess its not a organized business? I again explained why I needed to see a MD it was important and she keep repeating no for the first time you have to see a NP. So I said I am requesting to see a MD and your telling me no and she said yes so I told her I couldn't believe what I was hearing and will let people know especially women that have been going through fertility treatment if the customer service is like this I don't want to know what its like with the service.
1 I saw Dr. Scott Crawford because my PCP referred me to him. We had a 15 min discussion, and I received a $95 bill in the mail. He billed for a Level 4 visit and didn't even examine me! I really got screwed just for having a discussion and getting his opinion. I tried to get the office staff to change the level of billing, but they wouldn't. I wouldn't go there unless I knew my insurance could cover his bill!
1 Be very careful of what you are getting with dr. Hebets.  She gave my young adult daughter a HPV shot -saying it was her Hep B shot- against her strict refusal!
