4 I've come to this place a few times over the years and always enjoyed the laid back feel to it. The Princess Cinema, which is a long-standing indie movie theatre institution in Waterloo, expanded a few years back to create the Princess Twin, along with the Princess Cafe, which opens off of one side of the theatre.  There is a clean look to the decor, with elegantly matted artwork on the walls and a light, airy feel to the interior. It feels like a cosy, inviting place to hang out of an afternoon or evening. There are also little adorable button bouquets on all the tables, a mishmash of whitewashed chairs at the tables and water is served in vintage glasses with cool old images on them--all of which add up to a really appealing, groovy vibe (they were playing Medeski, Martin & Wood when we came in--another point in their favour and good addition to the feel).  On this occasion, we came by here because we had Groupons--but we will most definitely be back. The meal included paninis, a side and a coffee. My decaf was delicious, as was my California Veggie panini, along with a walnut side with balsamic dressing. My companion had an Italian panini with a pasta salad (pasta, olives, feta). He also passed on the coffee and instead purchased their dessert hot chocolate, which is thick and super rich--check out the photos of the spoon standing upright in it--more like warm, thick chocolate pudding in a cup than drinking chocolate, really.  In all, a really nice place to hang out--and of course, the movie theatre and magic store (complete with the sign "children left unattended will be sold to the circus") all add to the overall feel.  BTW, sorry for the dim images--we came at night and our table was in one of the less brightly lit portions of the cafe. Hopefully you can make out the spoon standing in the hot chocolate, and the panini and salad (with cloth napkins and vintage glasses).
5 Bacon jam. Seriously, that ought to be enough!  Anyways, Cheeses Murphy is this crazy little grilled cheese masterpiece that operates out of the Princess Cinema ticket booth window on Fridays and Saturdays. I heard about them on twitter, and decided to check them out last night on my way home from a Halloween party. Sometimes all you really need on your way home from the bar / pub / club / house party / late night whatever is a delicious grilled cheese - and these guys are here to let you indulge in that need!
4 The Princess Café is a charming little café in Uptown Waterloo with a vintage flare. It is attached to an indie theater, Princess Cinema by King Street. Every day I intent on becoming gluten free (GF), every day I fail miserably...guess I will never prevail if Princess Café continues to operate.   California Veggie ($6.49) My companion ordered the California veggie Panini. As an adventurous hungry hippo, I would normally suggest ordering two different Paninis and do a sandwich swap; however,  I kept my foodie impulsiveness to myself. Why? I don't know! It still boggles my mind till today! Regardless, the Panini was outstanding! Grill local bread, with avocado, roasted red pepper, tomato, spinach, sharp cheddar cheese, cilantro pesto and roasted garlic mayo...nom! I should try making this at home!  Turkey + Salad ($8.10) This gluttonous gluten-filled Panini is comprised of smoked turkey, spinach, red onion, tomato with sundried tomato presto, roasted garlic mayor and chevre cheese. My friend feel this was a drool worthy Panini. However, the balsamic olive feta pasta salad lacks luster in contrast. It was missing that extra special something something!  Dessert  Chocolate Cupcake The price of the desserts were a little blurry to me. I would not recommend sparkly pink cupcakes. There was an artificial flavoring to it. Realistically, real food do not sparkle. It should be pretty obvious, but my affinity for all-things-sparkly gravitated towards the pink sparkly cupcake and ultimately clouded my logic! The cupcake was borderline disgusting.   Turtle Cheesecake Yes, turtle cheesecake is a "thing". I would not recommend it...unless you are looking to experience a moment-on-your-lips-lifetime-on-your-hips uh-oh moment. Yes, it is the devil. In other words, if you have diet plans or New Year's resolution, do not attempt! Ease this paragraph from your memories!   Next time, I should hit up Cheeses Murphy for cheeses lover! MUAHAHAHA! Yup, guess I can never go GF! I heart carbs! *muah*
