5 Great local shop with old-school mechanics that won't rip you off.  I brought in my Toyota Sienna, not sure what to expect, and left very happy -- with how quickly they fixed it and with the price. I swear it would've been twice as much if I had brought it to the Toyota dealership.
5 My car failed to start outside my own place a couple of days ago. I called Buds and the new owner/manager came out. After a few minutes he accurately diagnosed the issue and started the car. I was able to drive to Buds on Monroe Street where the part was ordered. I was given a ride home. The part arrived that evening,was installed the next morning. So I am very pleased. Excellent diagnostician,same thorough work on the car as always.  I have great confidence in the service provided.
5 I was driving home from work on a Friday night a few weeks ago when BOOM, my tire went flat. I managed to get my car back to my garage but seeing how it was nearly midnight, there was nothing much I could do. The next morning, I called a dozen of car repair shops to get my flat fixed but because it was Saturday, no one was open. When I called Bud's Auto Repair, the guy working told me that although they were technically closed, I could bring my car in and he could see what he could do. He changed my flat out for my spare tire and a few days late I returned to have the original tire resealed and put back on. The entire process was easy, affordable, and I couldn't have asked for a friendlier experience!
5 My daughter's 99 Jeep Cherokee (234,000 miles) stopped running in front of Buds Auto. Omer the owner/shop manager checked it out. He was very thorough and very intense in a very difficult diagnosis. It was a querky ignition issue that led to a possible expensive ecm replacement. I think most other mechanics, and definitely a dealership, would have replaced the expensive ecm for over $500. Omer correctly diagnosed the problem and even replaced a new part that he installed-because it may have  been defective. No additional charge. He was correct in his diagnosis and saved me over $600. I would highly recommend Budd's Auto and Omer- Great Work
5 Everything a (my) neighborhood auto repair shop should be. Helpful, fair, gives you alternatives at a range of prices and honest about it.  I've had my 15 yo (yikes!) Honda in there for routine stuff and some tricky work and was super happy each time.   Deserves all 5 stars. No bull!
5 Budd's is a great neighborhood place to get your car fixed for an honest and fair price. The staff is very helpful, knowledgeable and will work hard to get your repair done quickly. Once again, they always have great and fair prices on parts and labor!  I will definitely take my car here again.  Mason
5 Their mechanics know what they are talking about and the owners are great guys who offer great service for a great price. Hands down, I'm going back in the future when my Honda needs it.
5 Dropped my car off with engine light issues. After assessing the problem with the engine Computer they determined that I needed a factory update, which can only be archived at dealerships. Ended up not charging me a free. They were always supper polite on the phone, never me with anyone face to face.   Very helpful.
