5 My husband and I had dinner here last night and the food is fresh and amazing! I've not had Chinese food this good in a very long time. My husband isn't really into Chinese food and I can call him a skeptic but he wanted me to tell all you yelpers that this place has the best Chinese food he's ever had. (and mind you he's really picky) We will definitely come back to this place and the service is awesome!
5 Hot & fresh. Best around, never had a problem
5 Originally from Ohio, and we had some great Chinese restaurants all over. Dont know why, exactly... not typically a place where you'd settle from another country. When we moved here, we figured the same would be true here. But in the west valley, there seemed to be a shortage. I decided to try this new little place by dunkin donuts after pregnancy cravings subject me to good flied lice. Wow. We have been so impressed by everything: the service, the food and the amount you get for the money, the quickness in preparation, the cleanliness. Just fyi, we wanted to make sweet and sour chicken into a combo which isnt offered on the menu. When we called the goodyear location, they wouldnt do it, but this location on west thomas did.  So make no mistake about it,good chinese food in the west valley!
4 This local restuarant is thus far the best Chinese food I have tasted in the Pheonix area. The food is fresh and with quick service.
5 When I arrived I already had an idea of what I wanted. The man that greeted me at the counter was very professional and polite. He handed me a menu and asked what I would like. I explained that I wanted the mongolian beef. As I was ordering I looked back into the kitchen and it appeared to be very clean. This menu item comes with a bowl of white rice. He asked if I would like a drink as well. Usual service, but done very professionally. I received my food quickly and it was very tasty! The portion sizes are generous and filling. While I was enjoying my meal another patron entered the restaurant and made a large order. When the order was completed the restaurant staff proceded with her food out the front door to load it for her. I was shocked that they didn't offer to do it and just did it! That is great customer service!!  I must say I was very impressed not only with the food but the customer service as well. I believe they also have good business practices in place by using paper cups and styrofoam plates. I will definitely go back! Thanks Yan's!
5 Great little Chinese place. Staff is great and so is the food. The prices are comparable to panda express, but your getting a much better quality of food. You can see them chopping vegetables in the kitchen, which is always a good sign. I ordered, went to the bathroom, and when i came out the food was ready. This place is pretty legit, its a nice find
4 Decent for Chinese food - Take out.  The owner, or who I believe is to be the owner, is very friendly.  Heading over to open the door for his customers coming inside.  Bringing menus over to the table and after you order, your food over to your table.    Not your average Chinese Take-out restaurant.  Leftovers reheated decently too.  :)
5 This place not only has great customer service but it also has great food! I will definitely be eating here again.
5 First time trying Yan's, and the food was excellent. We had spicy orange chicken, curry beef, shrimp with snow peas, and shrimp with vegetables. The food was fresh, hot, and seasoned to perfection. The portions are good and the price is reasonable and the owner is friendly. We finally have great Chinese food in the West Valley!
4 Yummy, fast, fairly priced, and great service! I'll be back!!
4 They give you large portions so I would suggest sharing. I'm not a big fan of Orange Chicken but theirs was actually pretty good. Great customer service.
4 I've got to say, I'm not sure why this is near a 5 star rating, but I'm definately in on 4 stars... for what it is.  I don't think you should expect to be blown away by the food here, now, I'm not from around the PHX area so I don't know how to compare locally, but let me tell you the best comparison on what this place is, is like a higher quality Panda Express.  I mean the place even gives you the Panda Express feel when you walk in, but the rest of the story is different.  The food is definately good, It's a pretty diverse offering of food at a great price.  So this is where I can kinda see 5 stars, is you are getting probably one of the best bang for the buck take out chinese that I've been to.  But that's what you are getting, there is no ambiance in the restaraunt - however the service is very good, fast and friendly.  I'd recommend this place, just don't expect that if you are a chinese food snob that you are going to have a complete sit down experience here, it's best for take home.
5 5 stars for the simple fact that its great, authentic, cheap Chinese food. I love the orange chicken. Spring rolls are tasty. Great prices for big portions.
5 Always good, good, good
5 This place is definitely one of my favorite chinese food places to go to! The inside is very clean and the staff is really nice and professional. A little bit pricey but definitely better than Panda express, so I think it's worth the extra dollar or two. They have a ton of food options, and I have tried quite a few of them. I love them all so far! The only problem may be that their spicy dishes aren't THAT spicy unless you ask them to make it extra spicy. Nonetheless, the food is very flavorful and high quality. I recommend that every one gives this restaurant a try!
4 Good food
5 I still continue to frequent Yans. I love the Crab Puffs and Egg rolls. Great food!
3 I have no idea why this place gets close to a five star rating.  I went there tonight because of the rating on Yelp, and I must say, it is one step above Panda Express.  As a Chinese restaurant, I expected to be able to order Lo Mein.  Nope, don't have that.  How about hot tea?  Nope, no hot tea.  The fortune cookie comes with your meal because, guess what, you paid for your meal before you received it, so the transaction is over, here's your fortune cookie.  The take-away lesson here is:  don't rely on the star rating alone; read the reviews.  The food here was incredibly average and not incredibly cheap.  I probably will never return to this restaurant.
3 Egg Rolls were really good.  Sweet and Sour Chickent was meh.  We'll probably go again, but try something else.
3 Easy Choice for Quick Chinese  Dropped in due to proximity to Banner Estrella.  Good little place for fast Chinese food.  It's not the authentic stuff Ma cooks, but still good.  There are the usual compromises between Asian and North American pallets-- more oil, less cooking with spicy peppers, and the light seasonings are lost in the salt and sugar.    Staff is quick with the takeout orders and very nice.  Affordable lunch specials, too.  I would go again.
2 Visiting from out of town and looking for a good Chinese place.  Read the reviews and decided to give this place a try.  Needless to say the five stars leaves a lot to be desired.  We got the orange chicken and the Hawaiian rice.  The orange chicken was soggy and not much flavor.  The rice also had no flavor.  Not a fan of Panda Express, but at least you know not to expect great food.  Here this place gets five stars and it turns out to be an insult to your taste buds, I want my money back.
4 Found my new favorite place for sesame seed chicken! Yummy. The staff speaks very clear English too and doesn't confuse my very accent-challenged self which makes me less self-conscious and, in the end, awards you more Yelp stars! Or something. The fried rice/chowmein is good as well, typically in my experience the noodles and rice are 90% grease but they seem to realize how the human body processes such things and have decided not to try to murder us slowly. Cool!
4 This place has quickly become our favorite local chinese joint.  The food is quick and cheap.  Much better than most of the chinese places around the Glendale/West Phoenix area.  It's very nice and clean inside if you want to dine in.  Can't say that for other chinese places.
4 This place is really good, I like their house Fried rice and its big portion size.  Oh they have the most awesome fried dumpling, my mouth is drooling just thinking about it. I normally order there at least 2 to 3 time a month sometime to go or eat in.
1 Food was horrible!   I had the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl & it literally was rice, chicken, & sauce.  Who has a chicken bowl with no vegetables.   The chicken & sauce were completely bland.  Will never be back
5 Great service! Amazing food! Vegetable chow mein and orange chicken! YUM!
4 Excellent Food! Not your typical mall food court chinese food. Made fresh and honestly have never had better! The interior could use a more comfy feel but worth it :)
5 Fresh food & Super tasty! And the staff and the owner are really nice and helpful. Definitely recommend everyone give this place a try.
4 Exceeded expectations!  The only problem is trying to find it.  McDonalds hides your view from 91st and Dunkin Donuts hides your view from Thomas.  Awesome service right when you walk in.  Clean environment in case you want to dine in.  I got the Shrimp Fried Rice and Chicken Egg Rolls.  Very large portions so I left with a full belly! Hot taste food and I will be back!  Perfect spot for a quick work lunch.
5 Visiting at the hospital across the street and decided to order some take out. The pork fried rice was very tasty, the beef and broccoli was very fresh and good, as was the combo chow mein. Service was very fast.
2 The food is okay but it is very greasy.  It is hard to place a phone order because the person on the phone never understands English.  Don't order a side of hot mustard or extra packets of that pre-packaged hot mustard...they never get that.  I'm grateful that they now take on-line orders when I'm in desperate need of Chinese food.  It's the only time I order here now, always a last resort.
5 I've only eaten here and stopped in person for take-out, but as hard as it is to get good chinese food in Phoenix that doesn't make you feel sick afterwards, I really hope this place succeeds because the food is incredible. Incredible!
4 I've ordered lots of chinese delivery since being in AZ. and this is place was actually surprisingly better than most.  I'm always hesitant when ordering from a new Asian restaurant from so many bad experiences here.  The lady on the phone was typical of any other Asian restaurant and very friendly.  Ordered orange beef, sweet and sour chicken and the shrimp vegetable,  all were really good surprisingly.  The orange beef is probably the best I've had from a delivery, could use a lil more spiciness.   Prices were better than most places as well.  Would order again.
3 Food is good,  but the fried rice had a burnt taste to me,  My sister said it's good but It tasted funny to me.  But overall everything else we had was good
4 Nothing about this place says to me, "Wow, I feel like I'm in Panda Express!" It's a mom and pop joint tucked in a small business strip. Once inside, the walls are adorn with pictures of many of their entrees.    You get a lot of food for the money AND the dishes taste better than any place I've been to in the area. Now this is not an establishment that you would take your first date to. They serve their population, which is the employees and clients or the nearby hospital and other local businesses.
5 Came here tonight with my boyfriend for the first time . All the workers were very welcoming. they serve very large portions, but if you have an appetite like my boyfriend you have no problem finishing the whole thing.  Veggie rolls are extremely good ! I will definitely go back again .
5 This place is delicious! The food is always fresh and has great flavor.. and the service is exceptional! The guy at the register was even kind enough to carry my food to my car out for me!
