4 Hard to beat high quality dairy product from the dairy state in the heart of the campus that helped put the dairy state on the map.  Excellent ice cream is a given.  Be sure to try some of the cheese like the aged cheddar and the sandwiches if you are there at lunch.  Definitely a must if you are visiting the campus.
4 I grew up in Madison, so I've loved this stuff since I was a kid. This location is a weird kind of industrial place, but it still feels welcoming and get's the job done. Definitely go when you can tour the facility or sit outside!  My favorit flavors are White House (cherry vanilla), butter pecan, Mackinac Island Fudge (vanilla with swirls of thick fudge), and Grasshopper (mint with chocolate chips and marshmallow) Very rich!  And nothing lives up to it...I've searched and searched!
5 Tried the vanilla and it was outstanding, unadulterated creamy richness with the hint of vanilla. Kudos to the badgers, the food production staff are learning a valuable skill and producing a teriffic product.
4 If you ever find yourself on the University of Wisconsin campus at Madison, forget whatever it is that you are there to do and go directly to the dairy store. U of W ice cream is the real deal - rich, creamy, and churned to smooth perfection. They whip up a variety of flavors that are sure to please every palate from traditional vanilla and chocolate to slightly more exotic concoctions like Pumpkin Cream Pie and Blue Moon - a bright blue, berry ice cream. I had the Union Utopia with swirls of peanut butter, caramel, and fudge. If you're staying awhile or live in the area, stock up on pints or quarts for your own freezer. You can even pick up a three gallon tub for large events.
5 YUM!!!  I got a single scoop of the Bo's Express ice cream - vanilla ice cream with raspberry swirl and chocolate flakes.  It was DELICIOUS!!!!  Even though it was like 38 degrees outside, I'm glad I got this ice cream on my visit to Madison.  Now if only I could find something close to that in San Diego.......
4 The dairy store has pretty good ice cream (although, given their access to fresh dairy, it could be even better) and it is dirt cheap. No need to get anything larger than a mini, because that size is more than most adults can handle. People here are friendly, too. All said, a fun campus diversion.
5 A lot of people come here for the ice cream, but a little known fact is they also have delicious hot sandwiches at dirt cheap prices. They aren't stingy with the meat and cheese either. My favorite sandwich is the Mendota Club ($4.30), which has turkey, monterey jack with chives, lettuce, tomato, mayo and guacamole on your choice of bread. It's delicious toasted. They also have soups and wraps. Not to mention they sell pints and gallons of the ice cream they make as well as pre-packaged bricks of cheese, gallons of milk and half and half, and a limited selection of deli meats and sausages. My new favorite lunch spot!
4 I'll be honest, as a visitor that adores your frozen custard, it's crazy for me to think anyone would want ice cream. But I suppose there's room enough in this dairy state for both.   My sister introduced me to Babcock several years ago. She said that the ice cream, plus sitting in the Union overlooking to lake would be the perfect way to end my first trip to Madison. And maybe that's what makes this ice cream so special-the scenery, the view, and the people.   Babcock ice cream is amazingly creamy and super cheap. There's plenty of flavors to choose from, it's no Baskin Robbins selection, but who needs quantity when there's quality?  My favorites are tied for gold. Blue Moon, which is a bright blue berry flavored ice cream. No relation to Blue Moon Beer, which kind of disappointed me at first. But not to worry, your taste buds will be more than satisfied, if albeit a tad blue. The Orange Custard Chocolate Chip is also to die for. I've been dying to try the Caramel Apple, but unfortunately I'm 2000 miles away. But you can bet, as soon as I step foot off my plane at MSN I'll be headed to the Babcock's at the Union.
5 OMG IT'S CREAMY.  And this location is the actual site of the Dairy Plant soooo it's even more creamy!! Hot from the udders!....    Babcock Flavors I've tried:  Pumpkin Pie - unfortunately seasonal :( because this stuff is insane. FOREVER AND ALWAYS my favorite.  Chocolate - slaps you silly with its creamy, butterfatty richness.  Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough - want a cookie? want ice cream? you get both. yay.  Praline Pecan - more sugary/caramely taste to it compared to the butter pecan.  Mocha Macchiato - coffee, caramel, dark chocolate - mmhm.   Cookies & Cream - I want Oreos and milk but am too lazy to dunk, Babcock gotcha back.  Orange Custard Chocolate Chip - very popular, but I don't like it. Too fruity :p  Chocolate Turtle - chocolate ice cream, caramel, pecans. yep.  Badger Blast - chocolate lovers rejoice.  Chocolate Peanut Butter - I typically prefer peanut butter & chocolate to be kept separate BUT this stuff is amazing. second favorite to the pumpkin pie.  Butter Pecan - more buttery than the praline...really. it's great.  Peppermint Stick - cravin that candy cane taste in your dairy?? get this guy.    You need to experience the love that is Babcock Ice Cream.  Thank you.
5 Oh my!!! This place is awesome!!! You can walk around to see how they make their ice cream! My favorite: Death by Chocolate hahaha
4 I forget how I found this place--one of them 72-hour guides to college towns, perhaps--but it was a choice selection. Here's the history lesson: dude named Babcock created the first ever dairy college at U-Dub. Years later, they name the building after him, and open up this retail ice cream establishment to make more money for the man.  Luckily, their ice cream is good.  We arrived just before Semisonic (err, closing time) at a ridiculous 4pm. Apparently other people had the same idea. The wife and I each got a flavor, a single (which apparently means two scoops). I did the butter pecan on cake cone, which I'm a complete sucker for--the cake cone, not the butter pecan. It had just been a long while since I'd had butter pecan. The wife got the mint on waffle cone, which costs a little bit more. But it doesn't matter because the prices are so dirt cheap to begin with, anyway.  Ice cream when it's 25 degrees out doesn't sound like a good idea, but Babcock Hall's good stuff hit the right spot. It's ridiculously creamy, which I suppose was to be expected, this being dairyland after all. I prefer my ice cream on the lighter side--think gelato or Paris' great Berthillon. Then again, I'm a huge sucker for Blue Bell's amazingly good and amazingly creamy chocolate chip cookie dough. Long story short, if you're getting ice cream, it's a nice story to get it from Babcock Hall while car touring campus. Pretty good stuff, too.
5 Best (value) ice cream on campus, more flavors than the daily scoops at the unions, and the single is cheaper yet almost the same size as the double in most ice cream places...and I believe the prepacked ones are cheaper too. My personal fav is mint chocolate cookie. Some special flavors are impressive too: bec-key lime pie, berry proud parents. Lots to choose from so just come and find the 'significant flavor' of your own.
5 The creamiest ice cream in town!!!  So good and so playful! I had the blue moon and salted caramel toffee and hubby has the badger blast. Both are rich, tasty and creamy!  I wished they sell them here in nyc... yummy!
