2 First time patient, my appt was for 8:00am I arrived at 7:50 to fill out necessary forms. I was told sign the clip board and to take a seat. Before I sat down I let them know I was a first time patient but before I was able to finish letting the reception know and she interrupted me mid sentence and told me I had 5 people ahead of me and to have a seat..Rude. I didn't get my paperwork until 8:20am and it was 6 pages long. I was asked if I had Xrays with me or do I need some taken I told the reception I don't need Xrays I'm here for a rash on my feet..she gave me my papers. Sat down for not even 5 mins and a man came and got to take me to the X-ray room. Can I say no communication..I told the man I'm not here for x-rays I'm here for a rash. So he sat me down back in the waiting room not even 5 mins later a woman came and got me and asked all these questions that should have been answered on the second on the 6 pages I still had to fill out which I wasn't even finished with first page by this time. After all of the questions about my history I was asked to once again did I take any Xrays...Grr! Really frustrated by this time. So after all the questions she sits me back in the waiting room not even 5 mins before I'm called back by a different person. 3 different people by this time!!! And the third and final person once again ask me about Xrays again. Can I say lost of communication again...Grrr! So I finally finish all 6 pages of paperwork while waiting for the doctor for 20mins. When he finally got in there he was obviously running late because he comes bursting in the room talking fast. I was asked finally what I'm there for, Now shouldn't he know by looking at the paperwork he received from the 3rd person who asked me what I was there for...So when I explained about my history regarding my feet and the problems I was having he starting to explain what he thought it could be but he wasn't sure so at this time he said he was going to look up what he thinks it could be and to see if they had pictures of the rash he looked at on my feet. He came back and told me to write down what he thinks it could be and to look it up and see if those are the symptoms that I'm having, at that time I gave him a blank stare O_O and he said Or I can write it down...Umm yeah you're suppose to do, not me...So when we were done I explained to him that his front desk has no communication and I was given the paperwork really late so I didn't get the chance to finish. And I was asked numerous times about x-ray and had to go back and forth 3 times and this up and down in the chair was very uncomfortable because I have back problems. And also I told them you have a lot of older people and they shouldn't being put thru this experience and it looks bad on him as a doctor. And he should bring it up in the next meeting or speak with the office manager. So with that being said we I left and had to check out I explain to them I will not be returning because of the experience I received. after that I called the pharmacy and cancelled my prescription and I was going somewhere....
1 This is a big corporate type practice with absent customer service.  You are nothing but dollar signs to them.  Calling the place will take you through almost 20 minutes of  self promoting commercials and random staff before you get to anyone that will take a brief moment to even find out why you called.  Don't expect a return call, it won't happen. When coming here for a consult, it was just a mess and they all seem overly concerned with legal disclaimers and getting sued.  I think I can piece together why, so I just smiled and left after my very brief face time with the medical staff that did not address the medical issue for which I made the appointment.  Today I decided after stewing about it to write a review.  There are valid reviews stored away on this site as flagged that are clearly not false reviews written to promote a business, but seems very likely they were flagged by perhaps one of the  money counters at CORE.  Seems like yet another indicator of insincerity and what would have been a two star review became a one star, less if I could.
1 I have been treated by multiple doctors for a year for back and hip injuries. My hip symptoms were assumed to be related to the known back injury without thorough eval of the hip until back symptoms resolved with treatment. After 6 months, my hip was given a 2 minute exam at which point the doctor concluded it was not related to the back, but he doesn't "do hips" so I had to see one of his partners. Flash forward 4 months and substantial damage in the hip was repaired with microfracture. At 6 week follow up, doctor dropped pessimistic assessments on me and informed me he was leaving CORE for another practice down the hall and would be unavailable for 6 weeks. I learned that the diagnosing doctor, surgeon, and surgeon's PA have left CORE with little or no notice to patients. I will not speculate on why, but it has left me with care continuity issues.   One consistent theme at CORE is LONG waits, no matter your appointment time. I had 810 appointment times and waited 2 hours and almost every day I was at their office, 1 or 2 people cancelled appointments after long waits. I would never refer anyone here even if the doctors were special.
1 This is the second time I have been here and both times I've been sitting here for over a hour to be seen. This has to be the worse place to be seen if you can do anything to avoid this place go somewhere else!!!
2 Two stars only because the staff was friendly. My advice, do all you can to avoid Dr Frank Raia. Worst set of experiences I've had in the medical arena, and I've had a lot.   He denied getting records that were verified by more than one other office, and told me he could make recommendations because he didn't have the info. He didn't evaluate me instead spent 20-30 seconds evaluating me.   When he sent me for two tests and one was canceled, he said a follow up wasn't necessary. He is extremely inefficient and has absolutely no regard for his patients. I had to continue seeing him based on a recommendation from my lawyer for a personal injury case, otherwise I'd never have gone back. I could go on with more specifics, but I'll spare you. Take my advice an GO ELSEWHERE!
5 What a pleasant medical office experience. I don't recall a shorter wait any other place. Xrays taken, reviewed, and a treatment plan discussed within about a half hour. Dr. Raia is a great guy to see for an upper extremity issue!
5 Physical therapy is so very helpful, the staff is awesome.  The knowledge of the staff is great...
1 I cannot recommend the Core Institute. When my wife called they said she would be seeing a physician who was really a PA (Dr. X was a PA, not a physician). If the office staff answering the phone is going to be making appointments w/ a physician, you should see a physician.
1 This was the worst doctor office visit I've encountered in my life. I was supposed to see Dr Robinson for my carpal tunnel who I made sure is contracted with my insurance but somehow this Raia guy was foisted on me. He spent literally 1 minute with me, didn't do a full hand exam, examine my previous nerve conduction studies or do anything but tell me what carpal tunnel is (which I was well aware of already). Once I mentioned my interest in physical therapy or acupuncture before surgery, a switch flipped and he lost it. He told me condescendingly while shaking his head at me that my hand will never ever get better and essentially that I'm stupid for not diving into surgery and giving him my full trust. He didn't answer any of my questions, just told me "Good luck with that" and ran out of the room. His bedside manner is so amazingly bad, I can't believe he still has patients! Maybe the only way he can get them is by taking them from his partners.  Billing me for a 30 second or 1 minute office visit would be fraud in my opinion, so I'm making sure that these crooks can't bill my insurance, even if I have to get my lawyer involved.
1 What a joke.  If it's not the front desk personnel not knowing their job, it's the ones in the "call center" when you call to make an appointment, to change one, or GOD forbid to try and find out what time your surgery is.  First visit wasn't too bad, sign in, shut up and sit down.  After seeing the doctor and being told that I will need surgery, I checked out and was told "I will be contacted to schedule my surgery", well that only took 2 days to get a call, which because I was at work I missed it, called back, was told I needed to talk with the surgery scheduler, was transferred, got voicemail, left a detailed message and waited 2 days for a reply, call again, went through the same thing and then finally the next day I got a return call.  Then I asked what time my surgery was at, I was told "we won't know until the day before your appt."  What kind of crap is that?  How do you arrange to have someone drop you off and pick you up with maybe one day notice?  All my surgeries that I've had, I've know the day of my doctors appt, what day it is and the time.  I could go on and on about the "Corporation", but all it does is rise my blood pressure.  This isn't a "medical" institute, it's strictly a BUSINESS, make a call, get the runaround, talk with people that have no clue, etc. etc.  I'm only thankful that this will be my LAST appt with them, and yes I would have changed doctors/offices, if it wasn't for the fact it would have been a couple of months before I could be seen and start then start the "process" all over.  There is no choice for "ZERO" stars or that is what they would get.  Best advice I can give, STAY AWAY from the CORE Institute.  I feel for the good doctors that work with them, it reflects on them too.
