5 I don't usually write reviews good or bad however this place deserves  recognition. I've been here twice now, the first time I came in the day I was leaving for a trip, they were actually closed because they were painting the outside of their building but every where else was busy and couldn't fit me in before it was time for me to leave. Mike (I think he's the manager but I'm not sure) took me anyway, and he checked everything for me!! He didn't charge me any extra for it. I knew I was going to need a new air filter since I was told the last time I needed one but didn't do it because they wanted $60 for it!! When I asked Mike what he would charge me it was only $15! He was very honest with me about everything telling me that I didn't need anything right away but that I might want to consider the next time I changed my oil. The 2nd time I had a very similar experience, the staff was very pleasant, they were able to fit me in right away and it only took about a half hour. Again I wasn't charged for any extra bs and they didn't try to up-sell me at all. Not once did I feel taken advantage of here like I have many times before at the other places.  I'd recommend these guys to anyone!
2 I've had two experiences here, with two different cars.  Took one car in to get brakes changed.  They could not remove one rotor. Tapped it with a hammer for 10 minutes and pried on it.  They said they didn't want to try anything more aggressive or it could break things.   They never tried a brake-puller.  Do they not have those in a shop that does brakes?  I bought a brake-puller and changed the brakes myself.  (Summer of 2013)  Took another vehicle to get the A/C checked.  When I mentioned it hadn't worked in 4 or 5 years, they stated that EVERYTHING needed to be replaced.  They didn't want to look at it.  They didn't want to check the compressor clutch, fuses, or pressure.  He said it would be at least $1,200 and they didn't want to check the vehicle until I agreed to replace everything.   I probably would've replaced everything had they made an effort to look under the hood.  What if it was fully charged but the clutch wasn't engaging.   Maybe I did need it all replaced and they would've made a lot of money.  I won't know because they wouldn't humor me by popping the hood. (June of 2014)  Guess I'm a little extra miffed because I gave them all the details when I made the appointment and they didn't say anything then.  They waited until I used vacation time to sit in their lobby until it was my turn at the counter, then tell me they weren't interested in diagnosing it.
5 I've been going to this place for a few years now. They are the only place that isn't a super hassle for my Volkswagen passat. There have been many new changes to place and the new management makes the experience 20x's better!  Highly recommend this shop.
