5 A diamond in the rough. You cannot get any more manly than big trucks and off road equipment. This doesn't always equate to places that are good to shop. These guys LOVE off roading and the vehicles to do it in. This place is a one stop shop. From installing my weight distribution hitch to fully built long travel suspensions, they do it all. Best part about this place, you ask a question you get an answer that is true, not what you want to hear or what makes them more money. Cliff and Will have became the first out of my mouth to friends, family, and everyone I meet looking for parts, installs, and anything else 4x4 related. If you are in the area, swing on in. This place is an overlander's paradise!
5 Ive been dealing with these guys for a while now. Great group of guys! Their shop is an off roaders paradise!! Service is fantastic!
5 Great shop with a trust worthy team of professionals. Whether you are new to four-wheeling (me) or an experienced overlander this is a great place to go. Good selection, competitive pricing, installation services and expert advice. Go see them!
5 From when they inspected my Jeep prior to purchase to helping me fix death wobble, these guys have been an amazing resource at every step. Great advice on parts and upgrades, good selection of last minute parts right there in the store with access to a ton of great stuff in local warehouses they can get the next day, amazing technician, and all around 'give you the shirt off their back' kind of guys. Do business with them, then talk to some of their competitors, and you'll see just how lucky we are to have a place like this.
5 Great shop that won't try to oversell you on gear or mods. There straight shooters that never hesitate to answer my questions whether it's about my van or my jeep. As someone who is straight about my lack of knowledge when it comes to working on my vehicles these guys never take advantage of that and never make me feel like I'm an idiot either.
5 We've bought a few products and had some install work done by Sierra over the past couple of years. The ARB fridge is the best car-camping accessory ever! The awning is a close second. Great guys to deal with - knowledgeable, helpful - always had a great experience. They carry great brands and hard to  find offroad items.
