5 I had such a fabulous time with my friends last night that I just have to tell you about it. My very good friend David Sheehy got a new gig. He is now the House Musician at The Grotto Cafe in Cave Creek. I'd wax poetic about Dave, most of you know how much I enjoy his music, it's the place I have to tell you about. It was the most ...enjoyable venue I have been to in a very long time. The food was great with such reasonable prices that I feel like I could hang there all weekend instead of a big night out. The staff so friendly and helpful, the patio one of the most beautiful I've seen in the area and the atmosphere inside is the kind of eclectic feel I adore. David is now playing Friday, Saturday evenings and Sunday afternoons. If there was ever a time to check out his great music, this is it.  The Grotto is uniquely located in a consignment shop called The Red Truck Trading Company. I noticed that there is a review on here by a disgruntled consignment customer and I'd like to address that. I spent the evening sitting on a very comfortable dining chair that, had it with my decor, I would have come home with the set because I "test drove" it more so than in a normal furniture store. My husband felt the same way about the chairs AND the table we were at. So, Bob P., I have to tell you, you are getting a unique opportunity to have your consigned items marketed. I walk in and out of consignment stores all the time and the chair I was sitting on last night wouldn't even have crossed my radar, yet I found myself wondering if it would be worth refinishing to work in my home. Great way to market used furniture, but I stray.  Come to The Grotto Cafe, Come to hear my good friend David Sheehy sing and stay for the food, the ambience and funky decor.
5 One of my new favorite places! I love coming here for lunch and sitting outside in the patio area. The sandwiches are delicious, I especially recommend the grilled cheese with added bacon! The Grotto cafe has a great atmosphere, friendly staff and great food with very reasonable prices. I always recommend friends to come here for lunch or breakfast :) They have live music now too on weekends and I am very looking forward to it, I'm sure I won't be disappointed!
5 Yummy bruschetta, great entertainment, welcoming staff and good service
5 What a neat place tucked in off the Main Street here in Cave Creek. Very good espresso.
4 Great coffee, as close to a New York Bagel you will get outside of NY. Very good breads. All staff are friendly and helpful. A good way to start the day.
3 Out for a Saturday hike in Cave Creek, stopped into the Grotto Cafe for lunch, with two kids - ages 6 and 9 in tow. Just after we arrived, a bunch of people lined up behind us. I think this stressed out the woman taking our order, because she was really impatient and pressuring us to order quickly. We are far from a slow family, but hadn't really had a chance to look at the menu before ordering. With no kids menu, we requested a sandwich for them to split (they are quite large) with the fixins on the side (avo, lettuce, mayo, etc.).  I felt so pressured that I ended up not even ordering drinks for two of us and the other stuff we wanted (smoothie, and dessert of some kind).   The patio is quite nice, and they deliver the food to you. The guy dropped the food off and split - we had no silverware or napkins. None of the side fixins were included with the sandwich, so the kids ate dry turkey sandwiches. To Grotto's defense, I did go back in to get napkins (they were behind the counter, so we're supposed to reach back there and grab them?) and another server asked if we had everything. She apologized profusely when I said that none of the sides came with the sandwiches and offered to get us anything we needed. Problem was the kids were halfway through them, so it was kind of pointless to get the condiments at that point.  I had egg salad sandwich & hubby had BLT. They were pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but totally acceptable for a nice lunch.   Probably will visit again to see if our first drop in was just a bad moment for Grotto. The patio is so nice I would love to sit out there for breakfast & lunch with coffee and/or a beer and relax!
5 They have great food. I like regular ice tea not flavored so they brewed some reg tea and iced it for me. They have got the best chicken salad sandwich on heavenly bread  I've ever eaten plus an enchilada soup to die for. Great breakfast burritos also. I highly recommend this place. Atmosphere is so nice & so are the people who own & work there. Very accommodating. I've been there 3 times in the past week.
5 I took my grandson to one of my favorite places , the grotto, for lattes. I'd never had their coffee yet so I decided on a mocha and as I was telling the lady at the counter that the one drink I'm familiar with is carmel macchiato she said Michael could make me a drink like it. So of course I changed my order and said go for it. He made a great carmel latte. Loved it. Good job Michael !!
5 I discovered a hidden gem and I almost (focus on the word almost) don't want to share my find! But, I will with my Yelp friends. During a morning of discovering new businesses, I decided to drive up to Cave Creek and work from a coffee shop in the area. I turned to my trustee Yelp app and noticed the Grotto's listing. Just then, I saw the sign and it looked like it was right up my alley so I decided to check it out!  This little coffee shops is filled with unique character. It's nestled off Cave Creek Road and trees hide it from plain site, but locals know just where to go! Inside, the walls are lined with different pictures and antiques and various tables and chairs fill the rooms. There's plenty of seating. My favorite area was the patio that felt like a little secret garden with several patio tables and chairs.   When I first walked in, I looked around and could tell that this is a local hot spot and it was obvious that I was not a regular patron. The staff is friendly and seemed to know all the regular's orders. I decided to order the egg sandwich on a bagel along with an iced mocha. I then headed outside to the patio and set up my computer for a morning of work. Did I mention I love the patio? It's filled with character from both the atmosphere and the regulars who hang out there. In the midst of working, I look over and a huge great dane is staring at me face to face! Yes, this patio is also dog-friendly!   While I enjoyed my delicious egg bagel sandwich and iced coffee, I worked using the free wi fi that the shop offers. It was a delightful morning and I will definitely be back to work from this adorable coffee shop in Cave Creek again in the future!
4 I always enjoy my visits here. Genuinely friendly staff, who cares about the quality of their coffee and food.
1 A friend and I met for lunch today, our first time eating at The Grotto Cafe.  Needless to say, we will not be back.  I ordered a turkey sandwich without mayo and I think that meant to them light on the turkey.  I received a plate full of potato chips, a pickle and 3 slices of turkey (the size of a post it sticky note) 1 slice of bacon and the smallest piece of avocado - I almost missed it. However, I did get what I asked for "No Mayo". The baguette bread, besides the chips was the biggest thing on my plate.  The ice tea tasted very old and I asked for a diet coke instead. I left everything on my plate expect for the 3 post it note sizes of turkey, 1 piece of bacon and that very small piece of avocado.    For a cost of $12.50 plus tip.  NOT WORTH IT!!  My friend's salad was a joke as well.  I am not sure who rates the value of the menu, but they really need to see what is being served.  I would say it is $$ but NOT WORTH IT!!
3 Very charming atmosphere. Acceptable salad when in a pinch, nothing special about it. The music is loud, so I've found it's just not the place to do my telecommuting work.  Don't buy the smoothies. What a sorry excuse for a smoothie. 6 bucks for ice and syrup?  Go for the coffee and the atmosphere.
5 While menu maybe limited, food is flavorful. Hot food arrives hot. And that's a good sign. Staff is pleasant and efficient and aims to please. You'd be depriving yourself of a pleasant experience, if and when you're in the surrounding environs, if you don't stop in. You'll be glad you did.
5 I enjoy eating at Grotto Cafe several times a week. I like the Iced Coffee. Their salads are very tasty and always look so good. i have tried the Monterey, the Southwestern and their new Eggless Cesar Salad which is my new favorite.The Grotto Cafe has great employees who work very hard to make their customers happy.    .
5 They serve the best value Latte's not only in Cave Creek but I would suggest in the North Scottsdale/Phoenix locale. The food is pretty good as well, not quiet Home Cooking quality but with a little more effort and real eggs - who knows..  Well worth the visit, go on, try it, you will be amazed at the wall art and their background music is excellent  Look for the "Red Truck" parked just off Cave Creek Rd and head on in....
2 Have had a great Southwest salad here before (highly recommend) and a yummy gazpacho. The atmosphere is great. Made the mistake of ordering the veggie panini today and I now cannot believe I paid $10 for this. Hardly anything on it, just thick bread, but what is on it is overly salty and greasy mushrooms, a little spinach and hardly a roasted pepper in sight. You want to charge $10 for this? Then you might think about adding some pesto and losing the grease. I had to add my own avocado to even eat it. Did I mention salty? If you read this please consider putting some love into crafting a REAL veggie sandwich for your menu, then I will return again and again..
3 4 stars for the latte but I have to give 3 stars for the rest of the experience. The veggie sandwich was good in theory (all great ingredients) but it was SO greasy! Kinda defeats the purpose of a veggie sandwich. Idk if they dipped their veggies in lard before cooking but blech! The other thing that is really lacking on their menu is a half sandwich/cup of soup lunch deal. They really need to get with the deal here as this is one of the most popular things to order for a lunch.
5 Check out there passion tea and chicken salad sandwich! You will not be disappointed! Curtis, the owner is so sweet and runs a great business go see them!
4 Chicken salad sammich was good.. little heavy on mayo... enjoyed the surroundings.. I will be back
4 Good food, chill indoor/outdoor vibe, dog-friendly (outdoors unless you have a service dog). You order at the counter and then they give you a number and bring it to your table. Very casual and cool. Tucked in amongst shade trees, little running water sculptures around and away from the street provides an oasis-like quality. Simple menu, but fresh, quality food and a friendly and efficient staff. Easy parking. This place keeps drawing me back for Cave Creek chilling.
5 Great relaxing atmosphere to kickstart any day
4 Great atmosphere! The roast beef panini was delicious. Nice outside seating, good for kids, funky artwork.
5 Stumbled upon this place with my husband and son - what a find!!! Loved the ambiance to start with - such a unique place with a patio that is perfect if you are dining with dogs! I had the iced tea (best I have ever had at a restaurant) and my son and husband had the Arnold Palmer - also delicious!. I had the southwestern salad - not only was it beautifully presented, but it tasted fabulous! My son and husband had the roast beef sandwich which they raved about! We will be going back to try breakfast! Service was friendly and our food was brought to the table not long after we settled in to enjoy our beverages.
4 Decent coffee and an interesting menu... plus, if you are an avid people and doggy watcher... it is the place to be,
4 Great coffee and the breakfast burritos were delicious.   would've really liked to have red salsa as an option.   Great outdoor seating area too!
5 Cool, hip atmosphere with a chill vibe.  Great coffee, creative menu.  Great place to hang out and use their Wifi or meet up with friends.  Big outdoor space that allows dogs (woof!) and wonderful interior with more great places and separate little rooms for more privacy.  I'll definitely come here again.
