4 Great residence just off the strip.  I went here to see a friend. The security is great and the facility has beautiful features - high end by most people's standards.  The views are magnificent.  I heard it was only about 30% occupied but that probably means great deals.  If I lived in Vegas, I would want to be here.  I also heard monthly dues are about $500 a month??
5 Moved in a few months ago and I still love it
5 I've lived here for about a week and am happy as a clam!  I moved to LV from the LA area and am SO happy we decided to live not only on the strip, but at Turnberry West.  The front desk and security staff are SUPER nice, the gym is awesome, and the pool rocks my world.  Love.
4 Love living here! It is a little bit of a hassle to get to the strip. Last year we lived at the Mandarin and it was hard to give up the location. But this place is much better of other reasons. Awesome balconies and beautiful pool and gym.
1 I'm absolutely disgusted, blatant disregard for tenants' well-being. The management here needs to wake up and smell the roses!
1 WORST PLACE EVER! -- I can honestly say that out of all the apartment buildings I've lived in around the world Turnberry has hands down the worst management ever. They have no regard for their tenants well being -- they're completely disrespectful. Their pool has been inoperable for over 6 months and they have failed to fix it. They are completely unwilling to attend to the requests of their tenants...and in multiple cases they have been extremely rude to my guests. I encourage people to seek other living accommodations...I don't trust this organization and you shouldn't either.
1 The apartments are nice and location is good, but it's the details that make it unlivable.   Turnberry is the pinnacle of over promising and under delivering. The pool has been inoperable ie ZERO WATER IN IT...for the better part of a year. The disgusting stench of cigarette smoke in the hallways is reminiscent of the cloth seats in a smoker's 84' Chevrolet Celebrity - once a popular car, now a relic of what was wrong with the automotive industry.  Management has perfected not giving a shit about tenants once the lease is signed. Avoid getting caught in the Turnberry grip. Once they have you, they'll quite literally maximize your misery for the duration of your lease. Good riddance.
1 Such a wonderful property, but it's a shame what incompetent management can do. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!! Tenant requests are met with complete and utter disrespect. The putrid smell by the elevators had me so disgusted that I packed up and left after 2 weeks....in case you missed it earlier....AVOID AT ALL COSTS!
1 Save yourself the time, headache, and money and AVOID this place. Outside the service department (Valet, desk representatives and cleaners) which were the really only bright star in a black abyss, everything else was a DISASTER!   At first they'll make you feel great about moving in. The initial tour was enjoyable, they even point out the great gym and amenities and make you feel good.   After you move in, they will try at all cost to nickel and dime you around every corner. I felt like the management team would make up a new excuse for any situation. LIES are what they are best at.   attention management: I know what mold looks like...don't treat me like I was born yesterday. their explanation was "its a little water build up" WOW really?!  I wouldn't be surprised if they had asbestos growing in the building. Read the fine print before signing the lease agreement! SERIOUS HEALTH ISSUES are outlined   Needed to move out immediately because of health reasons caused by living here. Doctors have agreed. My life was more important than staying here another day.
5 Amazing building. I lived there for almost 2 years and loved the service and the building. I was in the east Tower and thought Tony Rector was one if the best HOA presidents. He did a lot to keep the buildings luxury status while other buildings had some issues over the year. The pool is amazing with waterfalls and a beach area. Gym is first class. I did enjoy my time there and would highly recommend it.
5 I moved to Turnberry (West Tower) in February. I LOVE This place, and I never want to leave. The valet, front desk/concierge, security, leasing office,  maintenance, to the weekly flower arrangements in the lobby...This building is first class all the way.
5 Great place to live! I have to move to Vegas for a work assignment and lived here for a year and I loved it... Great amenities, clean, safe, central location to everything at a fair price. I'd highly recommend this building to anyone looking for an apartment in Las Vegas!
