5 My father had trouble fixing the car and needed parts and actually got them delivered. How cool is that? Staff went out of their way to help out.  Thank you O'Reilly auto parts!
5 Started to sprinkle the other day and I was greeted when i walked in with a smile from andrew. He helped me get new wiper bladed installed on my corolla and he wouldn't accept a tip i tried to give him. Very professional and prompt to serve me and he was done in 30 seconds putting my new wipers on. thanks for a pleasant and easy experience and a very stressful day i was having.
4 There are several auto parts stores in the Southeast part of Henderson. O'Reilly keeps getting my business for a couple of reasons. Here's a Pros and Cons list to help you decide if you want to stop here.   Pros:  Free testing. If your check engine light is on you can walk in, leave your drivers license with the counterperson and they'll let you take an OBD-II hand held code reader out to your car. This lets you read your vehicle's trouble codes so you know if you have a minor issue or a major one.   Battery Testing: Vegas in the summer is brutal on car batteries. O'Reilly like many places has a portable battery tester. Tell them you want your battery checked and they'll test it right in your car. If you need a replacement battery and you buy it from them they will install it for you. They can also test alternators, starters, and several different types of electronic modules and other parts too.   Parts & Selection: I prefer Wix filters after living in the midwest and using them with farm equipment. They carry most of the major national manufacturers of auto parts so if you've had bad experiences with parts from Napa or Autozone, you may want to look at the products O'Reilly carries.   Special Orders: Usually same day, or sometimes overnight. They have no problem getting stuff in most of the time.   Service: At the time I'm writing this monsoon season is approaching. If you need new wiper blades and you buy them here they will install them for you. I already mentioned the in-car battery testing. And when you ask them to install or test you won't get an attitude either!   Open Early and Late: 7:30 to 10:00 pm Mon - Sat, 8 am to 9 pm Sundays. Those early and late hours can be very helpful when your car has a problem at the worst possible times.   Cons:  Parking. If the shopping center is busy parking can be a slight pain to get in and out of.   Pricing: Want 5 qts of Mobil 1 motor oil? You can pay $27 at WalMart, or $37 here. A bottle of Lucas Fuel Injector cleaner: $9.99 at WalMart, $11.99 here. You can find some things cheaper at WalMart, or if you can wait and ship it in Amazon can beat them on price. But if you need it now and don't want to deal with WalMart you'll pay a slight premium for it.   On weekends they can be slightly understaffed which means you may have to cool your heels while waiting in line to check out. But if you don't mind that O'Reilly should be on your list of places to check out if you need auto parts, car care supplies, etc.   Disclaimer: Many, MANY years ago I used to work for O'Reilly back when they had less than 100 stores. But that was then...today it's about do they have what I want, and at a reasonable price? I don't like being ignored or insulted at Pep Boys, and sometimes Autozone doesn't have what I want. If I want a full line auto parts store...this is where I go.
