5 Great Burgers half pound angus beef........we received a coupon and tried the burgers.......called in a pizza order for delivery........they have a great meat lovers pizza.........they have plenty of other pizzas but we keep reordering the same pizza each time..........Corner of Westcliff & Buffalo.....not many places to eat in that area.....so were lucky to have this one just open up..........They are inside the Bounty Hunter Gaming Lounge.........call they will deliver  684-5888
2 In search for a pizza we hadn't tried before we came across this place online when looking for places near Summerlin-ish area. The website had a menu with prices and freebies depending on the amount you spend. It is inside a bar called "Bounty Hunter".  When we walked in there was a stale smell in the air. We ordered pizza and cokes. Since we spent more then $20 we got a free order of "Fried Mushrooms".  The Mushrooms were greasy and soggy and rubbery. The Pizza had no flavor. The sauce just tasted like tomato paste and the cheese was very rubbery like the Mushrooms. The server was friendly I do have to say and checked on us often. We wont be back because the food just wasn't up to par and I have experienced much better. Our total for the pizza and cokes was $25.
5 I have ordered twice. The first time I got a cheese burger and fried zucchini. We ordered enough to get two free fountain drinks with our pick up order. The burger was delicious and flavorful. The fried zucchini was crisp and tasty. I recommend both items.   This second time we got a cheese and bacon burger, chili burger and beef BBQ sandwich with onion rings and chili cheese fries. The chili cheese fries were huge and a meal on their own. The BBQ beef sandwich was beyond delicious and I would recommend it. The onion rings were crisp and amazing. All around a great deal with 3 sodas for $35 total.  The person who was working, Nick, was so nice on the phone and called me before he was almost done so it was fresh when we got it. They also deliver for a small fee, but it is right around the corner so it is easier to just drive.   Great food and I look forward to trying their breakfast menu too.
