5 We were researching contractors to install new sunscreens on our house and called John at Imperial Home Improvements.  He was able to schedule us for a quote and made me feel very comfortable with the process and also informed me of the rebate that SRP had through 4/30/13 on shades.  We had our shades installed in time to take advantage of the rebate and he also upgraded our patio door and it is awesome.  We can already tell that the a/c is running less.  I highly recommend Imperial Home Improvements to anyone who is in need of sunscreens.
5 We found John and his crew through other Yelp reviews and got a quote from them for a bay window, a sliding glass door, and a large dining room window (all replacements).  We were shocked at how reasonable he was compared to the other quotes we'd received!  Not only were they the best price, but they were professional, responsive (text messages, which I LOVE), cleaned up after the work was done and gave a full explanation before, during and after the work.  Needless to say - look no further if you need replacement windows or patio doors. We will be replacing the rest of the windows in our house at some point in the future, and I know who we'll be calling!
5 We had been searching for a year for a contractor who would do dual pane windows with sunscreens because our HOA requires sunscreens with a grid pattern. Finally found John and we are very happy with the job he did and the quality of the windows and sunscreens. He worked with us to find out just what we wanted. We have beautiful energy efficient windows now with the screens as required. The price was very reasonable, less than just windows from most companies and it included the sunscreens. If you have a special situation or just need new windows at a great price, call John at Imperial Windows and Sunscreens.
5 We got sunscreens installed by John.  John was great, on time and professional. He even helped us fill out forms for the SRP sunscreen rebates. The sunscreens look awesome, John knows how to make them actually look good. Ours has a grid pattern on them to match the windows. Price was right too, comparable with other estimates from other companies (who probably would have given us an inferior product).
5 I got quotes from 5 different contractors (including the worst--Home Depot on Baseline) for replacing the 8 side-sliding windows in my newly purchased house. My husband and I wanted to replace the single-paned, damaged aluminum frame windows that currently stood in the house before the summer. John came to my house and was professional, informative, and helpful. His price was reasonable--in the median range of what I was hearing, and the windows that he sold were top of the line. While he highly recommended the Aegis windows that he carries because of their exccellent value, my husband and I went with the Simonton windows that he does because of their widespread name and guarantee that were worth a little extra money. We got texturing on the bathroom windows and tinting on the East-facing ones, and John tried to do everything possible to keep costs down (like not tempering glass when it didn't need it for regulations, that other "big names" had told me I "needed" it).  My husband and I have a "do it right" rule when it comes to homeownership, and John and his team did just that. The windows were ready in 6 weeks and Jose, his installer, had them in within a day. Everything was cleaned up quickly and well, but there were a few small holes in the caulking once it dried and shrank. Jose came right out to go over all the caulking that he needed to, included in the price of the guaranteed service.  Let me tell you, our new windows are BEAUTIFUL! So beautiful, in fact, that our wood frame back door that adds to the house's character (we initially thought) now looks like an eyesore in comparison! While we're looking for something with a dog door like the current one we have, John says he wouldn't want to damage the integrity of an energy-efficient replacement door. As soon as the two of us figure out a solution, We'll be getting a quote :)   John and Jose shared expertise with me when I asked about other things around our house, like a sun-worn exterior side door that needs replacing. It's always great to have people to trust to help you out as a homeowner. Our Realtor is always looking for excellent local companies to recommend to her buyers, and I have shared Imperial's contact information with her in order that other people's houses can look as good as mine!
5 John is AWESOME I have been wanting to get this done for a while to save money off my electric bill and decided to get a couple of quotes. John was not the first company I called. I called a contractor before this and told him I was looking to get a few quotes to see what kind of deals I could get. This contractor told me that he wanted to be the last person I called so he could quote me the lowest price.. Then I called John with Imperial Windows and Sunscreens. He came out and was very friendly and professional. He really impressed me with his dedication to do the best job possible and provide a high quality of professionalism and customer service. After his visit I had no desire to get any more quotes because he was the man for the job. I put a deposit down and scheduled an appointment immediately. When it comes to contractor work on your homes you want to make sure you are hiring a company that will do a quality job. You don't want some cheap screens that are going to fall off in a year. I had my screens installed yesterday and they look beautiful. There are a couple of other houses in my neighborhood that have screens and my home looks 10 times better by far. I am very impressed and very happy that I went with Imperial Windows and Sunscreens. Call John you won't regret it.
