5 I've been super excited to finally get a Wagamama in Edinburgh and I was not disappointed! The restaurant is clean and modern with bold flashes of colour on the walls that give a cosier atmosphere than other Wagamamas I've been to. My husband and I went around 2pm on a Wednesday afternoon. There was a good atmosphere and healthy amount of people. The tables are big and long so sit about 12, which can be a little restricting if its full. But I'm friendly and never find it uncomfortable. They try to spread people out as much as possible, we had half a table to ourselves! There are also comfy booths for 4 with a great window view out onto Lothian Road, perfect for people watching. Maybe best to avoid if your a noodle slurper like me though!   Anyway, enough about my eating habits and on to the food! Ah, the beautiful food. I opted for one of my favourites, chicken raisukaree. A great blend of lime and coconut curry with stir fried chicken, mange tout, peppers and onion with steamed rice. This is a seriously satisfying dish. Fresh zingy lime, rich coconut cream and hot chillies all work together to create a perfectly balanced dish. They also serve it with prawns if you prefer which is equally delicious. Aidan went for one of their specials, which change weekly. He had an amazing noodle dish which had a lime and lemongrass base with stir fried chicken and beansprouts, topped off with chopped peanuts. I could not help but steal several large fork fulls of this! The peanuts give it an extra dimension without being as heavy as a satay or a pad Thai. The lime really lifted it and made it taste really fresh and moreish. Its a shame its not a regular, I think I could eat it every time I visited. We also had a side dish of edamame, fresh soya beans cooked in their pods and tossed in chili and garlic salt before serving. Just spicy enough to get your taste buds going! All the main dishes are under £10, our edamame were around £4 and are perfect for sharing so I think its very reasonably priced.  Get yourself to Wagamama, its awesome!
4 Currently the talk of the town, with queues right out of the door, Wagamama brings its patented brand of pan-Asian cuisine to Edinburgh, at long last.   Overall, we said: "it's fresh, slick, has excellent salads, and is a good addition to the range of West End restaurants. You won't catch us breaking our necks or queuing for an hour for a table, though. Other noodle bars are available, for example Hongfu, and we have a feeling you'll find them more than happy to accommodate you and serve you dishes of equal or better quality."
3 I think I'm sadly a little bit over Wagamama! Insert sad face icon here! I think the problem is, I OD'd on it in London! I had the duck Gyoza which was tasty but I didn't like the cherry sauce it came with, then I had the ginger chicken udon which is tasty with a massive portion! Its a great chain don't get me wrong! but it doesn't blow me away like it used to...
5 I can't tell you how long I've waited for there to be a Wagamama in Edinburgh - well I can - it's 8 years!!! Over the last 3 years I've been emailing them to find out why they weren't here. (sad I know)  So, as soon as this place opened I made it my mission to get there quickly.  First visit was in December for my birthday with a group of friends and the 2nd visit in January with my husband.  Both times, a reasonable wait (30 mins for a group booking and 15 mins for 2 people) and every time I walk past there are people waiting.  So lesson here, be prepared to wait  There does seem to be an option to book for groups but it was not available when I went in December.  The concept is good, that your food is ordered and served as soon as it's ready.  The menu hasn't changed all that much in the year but it's good Japanese fusion hot food.  The only problem I ever have is what dish to try they are all so lovely.  Wagamama is a chain but in my opinion is the best of the bunch and what every chain should aspire too, quick, fresh cooked, yummy food.
3 Just been to Wagamama's for the first time ever and i have mixed feelings. Basically the food is very tasty, i couldn't fault what i had and it was served very quickly.   On the other hand, the staff are ok but i just don't appreciate the second anyone puts their fork/chop sticks down, the staff trying to whip your plate away. I know it is fast food but they really need to chill out a bit!
3 I honestly thought I'd be giving Wagamama five stars...exciting, innovative, fantastic food, everywhere else had one except Edinburgh and I'd never been before! However, after my first visit, I'm afraid I was left in a three star quandry!  We went there on a tuesday night, and there was a 10 people deep queue at the door. Now this may have been due to the fact there was a gig on at the Picture House just up the road, but I've been reliably informed there is ALWAYS a queue at the front door! When we finally got to the front, we requested a booth, rather than seats at the long tables, but were told this wasn't possible...how annoyed were we when the folk behind us were given one?!  Once we were seated, there was a flurry of activity, our orders were taken, and dishes served before we had time to have a gulp of wine. Some elements of my Yasai katsu curry were extremely tasty, in particular the sweet potato, aubergine and butternut squash deep-fried in panko breadcrumbs. However, there was a huge pile of rice on the side covered in a curry sauce that tasted exactly like the stuff you get over chips down the local chippy! I was more than disappointed!  For dessert, we shared a chocolate sponge with chocolate and wasabi sauce. It was okay...but not 'Wow, I'd happily sell my soul for another slice' okay, and before we had time to wipe our mouths with our lovely, lemony wipes, our plates were cleared and the bill was on the table.  This is definitely not the place for a long, relaxed dinner and, given they don't take bookings for large groups (as we found out the following week!), it's not good for a girlie/blokey/work night out either!  I understand the philosophy behind Wagamama, but for me it was mediocre food served at record speed, so they could get us out the door and get more folk from the queue in. I'll go back and give the food another go sometime, but I'm not in any great rush!
3 FINALLY a wagamama in edinburgh. I do like this place as the food is very tasty but I realised after being elsewhere how expensive this place is for a chain?! I have had pretty much the same dishes at a fraction of the cost in other Japanese style restaurants. Its like £6 starter, £9-12 for a main & the pricey drinks... doesn't sound like too much but considering this is a chain & you can go to much better independent restaurants for about the same price, seems a bit like a rip off? But anyway, this isn't this branches fault about the prices.... the staff at this one seem great, and there seems to be enough on which makes a change from other places! The place is pretty big but service is very quick/efficient. Toilets are squeaky clean. Most times i've been i've managed to escape the huge waiting list (last time I left it was an hr, ouch!). One thing about wagamama that I think would put a lot of people off is the seating arrangements, where you pretty much end up eating sitting ontop of a stranger as you are so close together... I know its "positive eating" and all that but I don't really wanna share my table with someone I don't know! My best advice is go early/quiet times!
4 I have been a fan of Wagamama for several years now, and was very happy to hear that an Edinburgh establishment was opening its doors.   What else is there to say except the food is great, reasonably priced and arrives when it's fresh and ready to go. I always have a great meal here - there's been no duffers so far at all.   The set up is a bit weird if you've never been before. You just sit wherever's available, so that could be next to strangers if you're on a long bench. Booths are better as you get your own space, but there's something fun and different about the communal feel of the place.   Staff scribble your orders on the table mat, and the food arrives when it's ready. So everyone can get served at a different time. It just means you get your food when it's uber fresh and hasn't been sitting on the pass for five minutes!   It's all very brisk and fast-paced in here, but that just adds to the atmosphere. The only downside is that there is often a loooong queue to get a table, so you can sometimes be waiting ten or fifteen minutes to get a space.   It's worth it, though!
4 i've eaten in wagamama a number of times and have to admit although it's a chain restaurant i do love it!  there is something incredibly satisfying about knowing exactly what you are going to get and not being let down. it was an early dinner as my friend and i were on our way to the Edinburgh Rugby match that night.  so despite my late arrival (i decided i wanted to buy a new fall coat which took a wee bit longer than expected...) we were seated right away and a waitress was at our table within minutes for sitting down to take an order.  we just ordered drinks as i decided i wanted something different from my usual chicken ramen and wasn't sure what yet. after a bit of delibration and the return of the waitress we ordered, me deciding on chicken tama rice, a shared portion of edamame, and my friend a chili chicken ramen.  the edamame arrived at our table almost instantly and was nice and hot with lots of salt sprinkled on the top.  it's hard to mess up edamame so yes it was very good. when the mains arrived i had a bit of regret i hadn't ordered a noodle dish as what came was a grilled chicken breast on top of a big circle of rice with a load of broth (or sauce..?) and some vegetables around this.  what had sounded so appealing on the menu turned out not so appealing on the plate.  the veg was fresh and the chicken well cook and the rice was just rice.  the sauce which was more like a broth surrounding the rice island turned out to be fairly tastless which was disappointing and i had to add some soy sauce to make it tastier.  my friend enjoyed his chili chicken ramen which was up to usual standard. now i know my main was disappointing, but in the numerous times i've been to wagamama this is the first time it has ever happened to me.  so this will definitely not stop me going back and ordering my norm- a warmining bowl of chicken ramen or some yummy fried noodles.  i also enjoy the gyoza when i'm going all out for a delicious food night!! so wagamama, get rid of this silly chicken dish and focus on what you do well.  big cosy bowls of warm ramen, crispy fried gyoza, fresh food prepared when you order, and super speedy service that has you in and out quickly with no fuss!!
4 When I moved to the US, I discovered one of my main food cravings that I missed from the UK was Wagamamas. I don't know why, it had a draw for me. So, definitely felt the elation of a Wagamamas opening up in Edinburgh. If you have read my reviews before, you know that means it will take several months or years before I get round to visiting. I think I did pretty well this time, 6-7 months since it opened? In part to avoid the throng of people flocking. It's a busy enough place at the best of times.   And this location is no exception to this rule, and I introduced the SR to the Wagamama way. He was not sorry. We shared a vegetarian pad thai, grilled prawns and followed it up by apple and cinnamon gyoza. I'm not buying gyoza deep fried as a dessert. The dough doesn't like it, I tell ya. And what can I say, Wagamama's doesn't blow you away, but I've never been disappointed in the food. I still heart Wagamama, it's just good food.
5 oh my wagamama, what have you done?????  you've updated your menu with some amazing new choices including re-doing some of the classics and you've added super friendly, super attentive staff to make dining even more enjoyable!!! A-MA-ZING!!!!  the new ramen broth of chicken, miso, and ginger is so delicious and such a huge improvement on the basic chicken and pork stock that was used previously; mix that with some crispy pork and korean bbq sauce and you now have my new favourite noodle based soup dish!!!  if the portions weren't so huge, i think i might have even been tempted to have seconds the meal was that delicious!  the new menu excited me so much that i even forced my boyfriend to share a dessert with me, and you have mini cake size options that come with a hot drink!!  really, so cute and the chocolate fudge cake topped with a wasabi cream is so darn good!! and in tiny little squares it takes away all the guilt of eating dessert, because mini cakes means mini calories!!  wagamama, you've upped your game and you now get my hearty five star approval!!  seriously, for a chain restaurant i am so super impressed i actually cannot wait to go back!!!
4 Will be adding to list of restaurants to go to. Very tasty food, quick and pleasant service. Will be back.
4 I love the concept of Waga and have loved their food since they opened a branch in Auckland almost a decade ago. It helped that I knew the manager and pretty much got to taste the entire menu for free while they had training days.  I love the communal seating and the fact they never play music in their restaurants.. if you've not noticed before.. listen carefully next time! :) I really like the casual'ness of food being delivered as it is ready and appreciate that my meal will not sit under a heatlamp while my dining companion's meal is being cooked.  The food is always of great standard and although the service can be touch and go it's never been terrible to the extent of putting me off going back for the super nommy food!
2 Before I went to Wagamama for a friends birthday dinner I had heart plenty of good things about it. My expectations were quite high but when we got there we had to queue for a really long time and the atmosphere felt rushed. Eventually we got our table and ordered drinks but despite them writig on your menue I got the wrong beverage. We ordered food and it took quite a while for all of the plates to arrive, some people had almost finished when we got the last dishes. The food was ok, my ramen noodle soup was rather tasteless, the stock definetly needed more flavouring and I had to put loads of sauce in to make it taste of anything. It was not horrible but I was definetly expecting better. I have declined any offer of going back since.
2 This was the first time I've had Wagamama and both my fiancee and I were disappointed. I had the wagamama ramen and it was a disaster - you know something is wrong when you see chicken breast in soup with seafood. As someone who loves ramen (we frequent ramen restaurants back home in Singapore), this was rather tasteless. The hallmark of any good bowl of ramen is the soup and this bowl of soup/broth was very "healthy". I suppose wagamama caters to local taste, but if I could describe wagamama ramen in one word, it would be tasteless. Notwithstanding, I only tried ramen (and the gyoza, which was average) so it would be unfair to label wagamama as a bad quick-service restaurant. Service-wise, it was good, quick and efficient.
4 I went here for the first time last week and I really enjoyed it. I had always been curious about the place and for some reason I had thought it was expensive but the prices were actually reasonable. The food was out quickly and it tasted good. I was a bit safe with my choice of food so I'd like to go back again and try out some other dishes.
4 Firstly I am the first to admit that I dont like chain restaurants, but I like Wagamama.  The food was delicious and the waitress that served us was super friendly and plenty of patientce dealing with eight chatty girlies!! situated on lothian Road, the location couldnt be better!
3 This used to be my go to Asian - when all else fails. Now I am not so sure. I have frequented many Wagamama's in many places. London, Glasgow, Livingstone and here in Edinburgh.  I cannot truly fault the service. Friendly, adapt and efficient.  The restaurant is clean and tidy. I have an growing issue with the presentation and taste of the food on offer. I kept myself from reviewing as I was hoping that some of my experiences were a fluke and all was going to get better. It didn't.  The portions are on the small side, and seemingly have gotten smaller. The menu was once very extensive, then they took of many dishes and it became limited and then they (re-)introduced the former failing dishes with some 'twists'.   The taste of many dishes is a wide variety of bland. As with many mass Asian outlets, it feel like they cater towards the non spicy eaters as to not to offend anyone. Does that mean that every time I order I have to ask for chili, add pepper and soya and chili oil to my dish? Apparently so, as when I asked if the chef could add some spice and heat to the dish on ordering I was reminded that these additions are on the table for my own flavour and spice level creation...one can have feast.  Sorry Wagamama, you are off my top list and are now in the Meh listings in my book.
3 I do love Wagamama but not as much as I used to.   We went as an after work quick meal most recently and the waitress sat us next to the chefs who were on a break and chatting really loudly which was a bit annoying. I kind of feel that it would be better considering the place was half empty to either seat customers away from staff throwing crap at each other and swearing or have a staff room. We were also put at a tiny table for two which we moved from to a larger space as there were at least 50 spares.  The Ramen I always ordered has now changed :-( but I enjoyed the food we ordered but sometimes feel the veg in the stirfrys could be more as you feel a bit meat and noodled out at the end these days. Now dont get me wrong I can live on meat and noodles but I do love some token veg in there too.  Overall a good fast food option though.
5 Amazing food and brilliant service
5 Dropped in to check out this place just across the street from our hotel (after being in St Andrews, a one hour train ride from here, all day) and had 4 hungry children to feed as well as a gluten free parent! Amazing the service and attention to all food concerns! Japanese fusion, fresh, lots of living color! I was brought a menu with a list of 30 possible allergens and I could see what was in all the different dishes! The manager came over and said she couldn't guarantee no MSG in some of the sauces (they don't cook with MSG at all, but some of the sauces they purchase are pre-made and she didn't have an ingredients list for them, so she was conscientious enought to tell me this)...In the end I had a tailor made dish of steamed fresh veggies over rice noodles with a poached salmon on the top (no sauce) and WOW! Wonderful people, living food/greens and for Edinburgh, a pretty good price! LOVE IT!
2 Noisy, shared seating, bland food, okay service. Go find a real Japanese restaurant instead of this chain.
4 Variety of great Japanese food and restaurant is in great location.  I ordered wagamama ramen which was supposed to be miso based but it did not seemed to have any miso taste in it. Other than the taste every thing was good.
3 My first Wagamama experience was in London, so when I realized this place was in Edinburgh too, I got soooo excited!!! I made special trip to get dinner there, and well, it didn't go so well, did it? First wifi wasn't working very well. Thus no check in at this location. Second, the Wagamama ramen wasn't that great. Supposed to be miso broth but I didn't taste much miso. Third, ramen is all about the broth and noodles. Noodle wasn't that great either.  Maybe I should have tried something else, it looked like they are busy all the time, but they were not as good as the one in London...
3 It was ok. I got the pad Thai which is different from the traditional pad Thai. It was flavored well, but my biggest complaint was that the onions were the main veg in it and cut poorly chopped. I had huge chunk a of onion and spring onions, that would have been my bite alone . I might come again and try something else but it's disappointing when you pay £9 for a simple meal and its not great :/
2 I wrote a review the other night about the Pad Thai I got which was good but not the best.... well I got half of it to go for lunch the next day. When I opened my take-away container the next day IT WAS SOMEONE ELSES leftovers that was a totally different dish! I was so grossed out! And totally disappointed!  There are so many Great Places in Edinburgh I doubt I'll go there again now.
3 Okay so this is Japanese-ish food in the style of a noodle shop but with mysterious added sugar in places I was not expecting it. Depending on your tastes and your fidelity to the notion of Japanese cuisine, you might not dig this. My daughter had the Wagamama ramen noodles which came with chicken, fish, and various other things in it. She said it was lovely and not sweet. I had the teriyaki salmon soba which was nice but started to veer into too sweet for me. Maybe it's been too long since I had teriyaki but if it's normally that sweet, I can't really enjoy it. The only party who was very let down by the meal was my 5 year old who ordered mini yasai yaki soba. This was like a pudding, it was so sweet. So not for her. She ate the veg and tofu off the top and pushed it aside to beg for noodles off her sister. My hub had the saien soba and pronounced it a bit bland. He had his to take-away as he was home with a cold and could not doctor it with the chili oil or flakes they have at the table. So overall, it was fine. Service was nice and attentive. I'm just not sure about the fusion concept. I think I miss my old stomping grounds in JapanTown in San Francisco where udon noodles come in huge bowls the size of your head and there is very little sweetness involved in proceedings.
4 Ok it's a chain but so what!  I like this chain as it serves nice curry's and ramen and it's different from the run of the mill panini's, wraps and baguettes.  It's a good size restaurant with plenty of seating.  Service was quick and everything was tasty.  I espcially like the veg curry and the pulled pork dumplings - i just need a portion of dumplings to myself but a smaller main to indulge!    It's a good location on lothian road  and it's good on the pocket too.
5 Absolutely love wagamamas! Food is great, I have loved everything I have had! Something for everyone!
