4 Been a member here for about five months now, and I have nothing bad to say about the place.  It's a no-frills type of gym that costs $35 a month (a little more if you're not a student), so don't expect towel service,  friendly employees, or virgins feeding you grapes while you're on the elliptical.  I do agree with the previous reviewer, the woman who works there is pretty stone cold.  However, I have no reason to speak to her, so she can continue riding her high horse.  What you do get is a clean, well maintained place with the necessities - plenty of cardio equipment, free weights, machines, a small workout room with equipment and three spin bikes.  All in all, I'm a satisfied customer of Anytime.  It costs 1/5 of what I used to pay at the SportsClub LA, and it has everything I need.
5 Got a personal trainer at Anytime Fitness in July of this year and now work out three days a week almost without fail. My trainer (Pat Lehr) is not only a fantastic coach but knows a lot about health and nutrition which makes for a much more holistic approach leading to life changing habits (rather than yo-yo dieting and weekend warrior type workouts). I highly recommend the personal trainer approach to working out, by the way, especially if you have a very busy lifestyle and are accountable to everyone but yourself! Very impressed with the Q&A that's posted on the bulletin board, the member profiles, the giant chalkboard of inspiring ideas they had up all summer, and especially the sheer creativity of the one-on-one coaching. I've never done the same workout twice so there's never a dull moment! Oh and excellent range of equipment, clean facilities, friendly, personable staff, etc.
4 This location of Anytime Fitness is a bit larger than the Sherman Rd. location with a few more treadmills and ellipticals. It's also on the busy side around prime time (5pm) but usually you can get onto a machine within a few minutes.  I do believe this location is going to start offering small group exercise classes.    My only issue with this location is the parking lot. It's always a game of "I'm a shark circling my prey" trying to find a spot in the lot, it doesn't matter if it's 2pm on a Saturday or 6pm on a Tuesday.  That lot is a zoo!  Fine, fine, tell me I'm lazy and I could just park on Midvale or in the neighborhood on the other side and walk 50 feet.  I'm going to the gym to walk on the treadmill for goodness sake!  All true. Sigh.
2 People who work out at this facility use the class room for weight lifting and so on, and get upset if you use the room as it was intended - for a video class - even if you tell them they are welcome to continue doing their own weight lifting in there while you do the class. One of the personal trainers gave me a weight lifting routine that was  much too intense based on my size and ability, and resulted in my getting injured. The facility is okay if all you plan to do is use the cardio equipment and lift weights on your own, but it is not meeting my needs and the management of the shared space is minimal.
4 Really nice people and a very clean location.  It's small, but powerful :)     Plenty of changing rooms (not locker room) and a kiosk for classes as opposed to large group classes.
