5 This is our first experience with natural dry cleaning, and honestly it is fantastic! We have been going to Natural Cleaners for the past few months, and our clothes always come back smelling wonderful. We have noticed a substantial difference in the quality compared with our dry cleaners in California.  The business is family-run, with two locations in the Valley (Scottsdale and Gilbert). The Scottsdale location is in the shopping center at North Scottsdale and the 101, next to the Gordon Biersch Brewery.  Our orders typically have a 3 day turnaround, so keep that in mind. Their website says they also deliver orders, but we have no experience with that service. They gave us a dry cleaning bag to bring our clothes in each time, and there are reserved parking spots for their customers.
1 This place is a joke. I walk in and ask for a price list. Not an outrageous request, right? The woman just says no without offering any other assistance and just stares at me. Way to get that prized new business.  In response to the owner's blasé response: First, thank you for assuming that I'm not about value. That's awesome to assume about your potential customer base. You clearly don't get the point of my review, which was that your front desk staff was rude. Customer service is typically pretty important when you're trying to earn business, but I guess that's not part of your "marketing." Thanks for validating my point.
5 Traveling extensively for work requires that my professional attire be cleaned and pressed at nearly every destination.  With that in mind, my ONLY stop for dry cleaning in the Phoenix area is Natural Cleaners.  Albert and his family are among the most experienced in their profession (sometimes read "art" given some of the stains and tasks I present them).  My clothes come back looking like new or better each and every time I visit.    Though pricing as described is "custom tailored" (see what I did there?), I have never felt more secure in my service purchase anywhere else in the country.  I have no problem spending an extra buck or two when I know that I will look like a million by the time Natural Cleaners is finished with my suits.  And quite frankly, how can you go wrong when you're supporting REAL people who truly care about you and the environment?    If anyone has ever used Natural Cleaners and felt it wasn't a top-notch experience, I urge you to reconsider your decision and give them another chance.  Albert and his family are tremendous people, and will treat you like family.  You have a lifetime client in me!
4 So I called twice to find the location and not only was there not an answer there was voice mail not set up. What a poor example. I finally find it and dropped my clothes and there was no personality.  Update:  exchanged emails with the owner. He cares and "Gets it."  Nice!
