1 HUGE disappointment.  I bought a Six-Week Weight-Loss Program with Six B12 Injections, Body Composition Analysis, Nutrition Plan, and Weekly Check-Ins from AZ Medical Weight Control through Living Social.  After filling out the paperwork, there was a seriously questionable Body Composition Analysis on a scale that retails for $119. I started getting the upsell even before the person reviewed my medical history.  In the end the person suggested I buy a B12 package, but didn't offer the first of the B12 shots that were purchased, so I left with only the most pitiful excuse for a nutrition plan I have ever received.  Two thumbs down.
1 I bought the same Living Social deal as the other reviewer. My experience was similar - it seemed to be very little (if any?) medical management and more pill pushing. No thanks. I can go to my own doctor and get a script for Phentermine for a lot cheaper. I won't be back.
1 My experience was very similar to the other two. I also bought the living social deal. It took the staff 10 minutes to figure out i was a new patient. And 2 of the 4 people working there said the deal included more but then said they werent really sure. The person that did my consultation was not too bright and really had no clue what she was talking about. All she did was read a script. Anytime I asked a question she had to ask 3 others and they would come up with an answer. The Dr. is a joke. Very nice man however I do not really think he is a dr. He cared more about the other weight loss clinic i had previously went to then helping me. When it came time for me to get the supplements the girl at the front desk was too busy gossiping to help and again could not answer any questions. There were several others there that were unhappy and or confused as well. Not a good place and in a horrible location.  I will never go back to this place again.
2 As others have said, this place should not purport to be a "Medical" weight loss clinic. It truly is a "get what you pay for - here are some pills that will help - you figure it out - and don't die in the meantime."    The staff is friendly and tries to be helpful.  It isn't their fault that their employer has not designed a system that will provide truly supervised medical weight loss. But if you want quick and easy access to B12 shots and appetite suppressants, this place will serve you well. I wanted to lose 6 pounds and I did it in three weeks.    If you have serious weight loss needs or truly want someone to show you the way, this is not the place for you.
5 The staff is wonderful and very helpful. I lost 1lb today, and I went yesterday.  The clinic is very clean and you need to go weekly so they can monitor your weight loss.
5 Need to lose a quick 15-20 lbs? This is the place to do it. I've been looking for a place like this since I moved to AZ almost a year ago. They don't tie you in to some BS 1 year contract, they don't waste your time with in-house workouts and meetings to go over food journals, there is always a nurse or nutritionist here to answer questions if you have any.   It's simple and effective, and very affordable. So if your like me, and already know what you need to do (eat healthy and exercise) then this place will get you to your goal.  I go with the basic energy plan, it's 25 a week. Just remember, there is no magic pill that will make you skinny while living an unhealthy lifestyle. But if your committed to getting in shape, the medication you get here is a HUGE help.
4 So far so good
5 I just went here yesterday (using a Groupon) and the place was really nice inside, yes the area isn't all that great, but oh well.  The MA, Rosalie, was super!!!  So nice and informative.  She took her time which was nice for the first visit.  The NP, David, was super knowledable!  Very nice guy and was careful with the prescription due to my other medication.  I think this place will be a good asset to my weight loss.
1 After driving 25 minutes to get there - my husband and I got there a few minutes after 2pm on a Saturday. Long line a client complaining of the inconsistencies they have. I wait in line for over 10 minutes for them to tell me it's 2:15 and we close at 3. We don't take new clients the last hour. Nice customer service.
5 Purchased Groupon. Great deal!  Not in the best area but the office is very clean and nice.  Professional & friendly staff.  Staff was very informative and answered all my questions and concerns.
5 I love this place!  I couldnt imagine loosing the weight i did without thier help.  The staff is very friendly,  the prices are very reasonable,  and the diet plan is very doable! Its not extreme in any way.  I only wish they would bring back their buy one get one free Tuesday's instead of just the 1st tuesday... Which only makes it more chaotic than it already is..  Only because the word is getting out on how wonderful this place is!!
4 After my first week and a loss of the first 4 pounds I am convinced that it is not only safe but effective.  I have always been skeptical of programs that use vitamin supplements and products to stimulate body fat loss. After my loss the first week I am SOLD!   I love the dietary plan, I am eating all the foods I love, even more food than I used to, and I love to eat. Healthy foods are all tasty when you prepare them yourself. No more fast food for me.
3 So I'm here waiting in the lobby for over 30 minutes now because I was told my appointment was @ 10am- when they actually recorded it for 11am. So, check- RE check and CHECK your appointment time again and again; unless you like wasting your time. At least I can say that the girls at the front desk are super nice and have apologized for their error- very irritating- but I'm here, let's roll with it-
1 Be very cautious, this business does not list any names or credentials for medical professionals and they do not run any tests or ask for physician clearance before starting the patient/client on these supplements or medications. In recent years, many supplements have been taken off the market due to potentially life-threatening side effects and lack of proof that they are safe or efficacious so PLEASE discuss this diet with a board-certified medical physician before starting. As per reviewer Lena M., this is a great place to go if you want diet pills with no fuss and no muss.  However, if you are concerned about safety and efficacy, think twice.
4 I started coming to this clinic because I needed to lose a few pounds and I was pretty amazed at how it worked.  The medicine is pretty awesome. The bad part is you have to take drug holidays that last 4 weeks and you are without medicine all that time.  The facility itself is small and wait times can be obnoxious.  In addition to that everyone brings their numerous amounts of kids into the clinic, even though they have requested that kids should not be brought to the clinic. This is written in Spanish and English, so the customers are rude and inconsiderate, and if you hate kids as much as I do, this will annoy you!
5 If you've ever used phentermine, B12 combo this is the place for you. You won't believe the amazing prices. The crowds are obnoxious sometimes but for a no  frills physician supervised weight loss program, money well spent. Highly recommend.
