5 If only there was a festival like this every weekend! The Local First Fall Festival is truly a treat for the Phoenix community. What is it you ask? Well, it's currently celebrating its 7th year and hosted by Local First AZ. It's a festival in the parking lot of Duck 'n Decanter and focused entirely around supporting and celebrating local businesses... and it's free to the public to attend! I went to this year's festival and was happy to see how many people and vendors were there! It's a perfect combination of food vendors including Spinatos, The Parlor, America's Taco Shop, The Grind & Souvia Tea and then local businesses such as Practical Art, Frances, Lost Our Home Pet Foundation, Smelly Dog & several others.   Each vendor had samples of their products for sale and information on their businesses. Restaurants offered samples of their delicious food and businesses offered things such as 5-minute massages. They also had plenty of family-fun activities such as rock climbing, face painting and live music. Local First did an amazing job creating an organized, fun and activity-filled event that celebrates just how amazing our local businesses in Phoenix are! If you are around next fall and looking for a great festival, the Local First Fall Festival is definitely worth visiting. Live and love local!
5 Just like last year this is Maybe this is the Very best of PHX area Festivals with a vast assortment of local businesses  of many kinds and the awesome food vendors that were very generous with free samples and money off coupons to visit them. (Spinato's Pizza samples were really big and good and the St. Francis gave out big cups of delicious Pumpkin Soup) This festival was so organized in every way it was a pleasure. They had free parking in the garage ,many stations set up for hand washing, provided bottled water and they had places all over where you could sit . I enjoyed purchasing local produce from a vendor . They had activities for kids and vendors selling beautiful things from sunglasses-kitchen serving ware.The Festival was really a labor of love for the community.
5 I love this Festival, we look forward to it every year.  I move my schedule around so nothing interferes with me being able to make it.  This year again, we had a great time.  We had pizza from Spinatto's and tacos from America's Taco Shop.  I had a piece of bruschetta from Postino, of course the fig, apple, brie one.  YUM.  After several attempts, finally the twins had cheese pizza, of course then they wanted more, they ended up having 3 pieces each, face full of tomato sauce and stains all over their superhero outfits.  Bruce Brown catering was handing out very generous portions of Jambalaya, and it was really tasty, with enough of a kick to it.  Kidstop had a great craft activity for the kids.  This event is so AWESOME!
5 What a fabulous day. We arrived at the start to avoid parking chaos, long food lines and of course to get first dibs on the goodies. So much fun stuff! Terrific samples from Humble Pie, Postino, St. Francis, Pizza People and Green. It was like free lunch! Washed it down with a lovely taste of Souvia Tea while listening to live music in the sunshine. Terrific afternoon.  I came home with a whole boat load of soap from Strawberry Hedgehog, free samples for my pooch including about 6 packets of dog food and 9 different treats, plus many more coupons in the free tote to dole out during post-Fall Festival holiday shopping. This felt like such a warm and friendly community gathering. It's like Phoenix is bucking up and generating a real local scene! Love it and can't wait for next year's festival.
5 Great Great Event!!  Who doesn't like friendly people, local businesses that actually care about their customers, and great food.  Oh ya live music and the beer garden... duh!!  Four Peaks took great care of us!!  I saw everything from Premium Sunglasses www.SunglassGarage.com to Zia Records to tons of Food Vendors.  It was packed but in a good way people were out and about having a great time.  I will go again next year 4 sure!!
3 New location not free anymore. Each taste was a very reasonable dollar or two. No bottles of free water. No hand cleaning stations. Parking was a little harder. Still a labor of love of the community. lots of all kinds of local vender's. Lots of local restaurants, food trucks and caterers. Activities for children. This year they had an optional wine and beer garden. Most but not all of the food samples were high carb or sweets.  I was frighten by one woman who was pushing people waiting in a line including a baby in a stroller. A few men started yelling at her but other than that everyone was cool.
5 This festival is one of my favorite annual events in Phoenix.  I loved the new downtown location, but I had trouble locating the bike racks, which turned out to be by the beer garden.  I love the fact that this was such a bike and light rail-friendly location.  This year, the festival sold tickets to taste samples from local restaurants.  I thought it was a great idea, and sampled lots of goodies.  I enjoyed the beer and wine garden, and the fact that there were multiple breweries represented there.  I thought the music has been better in past festivals, but I still whole-heartedly recommend this event.
5 Awesome event! Fun for the whole family. Get involved and support your local businesses
5 I love local businesses and this was such a great way to get out and support. We tried almost every sample and even got free water. Some businesses were giving out free samples as well.  They had local bands playing at the event and also had an area just for the food trucks. Loved all the crafty businesses, too- some very unique and beatiful items to look at and buy. My favorite was the organic soap business. Those soaps not only looked and smelled amazing but were also made from organic ingredients.  All in all, everyone was very friendly and professional and I had a great time.
4 Are you a Localist?  This event has been going on for a while and the new location is awesome especially when the weather is amazing.  There are still a lot of people that don't know about this event, which is surprising to me!    Lead by Local First, many local businesses come out for the day for a unique fall festival.  Many food trucks are now apart of the festival, and provide samples and yummy entrees for attendees.  Tickets are available for purchase to try samples from these food trucks and other local restaurants.   This is an event where us, Phoencians can learn about our local businesses and support them.      Only suggestion: An area for kids needs to be considered.  More adult oriented than family friendly.
5 What a fun way to get to know Phoenix! I just moved here a few weeks ago and my friend bookmarked this a must on my pretty extensive to-do list. It was like speed dating, but better because there were coupons and good food.   We got there kind of early so were lucky to beat the early afternoon rush. There were plenty of vendors with lots of good food, product samples and coupons. It was really family friendly with bounce houses, face painting and even samples for dogs. Vendors weren't stingy with portion sizes either-I got a really great sample of some short rib chili from Arrogant Butcher and it was one of the last things I ate before I realized I'd gone past the edge of stuffing myself.  Overall the layout was great and everything flowed really well. I liked that the event was free and the ticket system was hassle-free and straightforward. I bought 20 tickets and had some leftover (even after the beer garden) to buy some raffle tickets.   I signed up to become a volunteer with Local First-as a newcomer, it's great to see a central force that supports and advocates for local businesses.   Looking forward to next year already!
