5 Went there yesterday with my 20 month old, the people behind the front desk were so sweet and very child friendly. The office itself is wonderful! Toys, TV, books, puzzles, coloring, and even a TV above the dentist chair. The dentist taught me great tips on how to  brush my little girls teeth and went above and beyond to be kind and gentle with her. Looking forward to this place being her dentist for many years to come
5 Every Kids' Dentist provides the best dental experience for our family.  The office is welcoming, entertaining (a separate waiting room with video games, toys, and family-friendly movie playing), sensory-friendly (they provide sunglasses for kiddos in the exam/cleaning rooms!) and the staff is very kid-compatible.  These are people that are happy to be working with your kids, which makes all the difference in the world.  The dental staff (hygienists, assistants, dentist) make everything as easy and comfortable as possible, and if/when either of my children are freaked out about something, they continue to work with a great attitude, trying new methods of accomplishing the task, but won't force anything on my kids that they're not comfortable with.  Dr. Griff always makes my kids smile and laugh, and he takes the time to answer my questions.    My only suggestion would be that the assistants introduce themselves to the kids for each appointment.  It isn't always the same assistant, and although the staff knows my children's names (since they have an appointment), my kids don't know the staff's names (other than Dr. Griff).  That would be one more plus to this excellent practice.  We've been going to this location for a little over a year.  They take Delta Dental and APIPA.  Yesterday, my son was in and out in 20 minutes!  Could not be happier!
5 My little one (6) was so happy about this dental experience. We had a previous bad experience and the experience at Every Kid's Dentist was a complete 180. From being greeted at the front, to x-rays, cleaning, and the consultation with the dentist - everything was easy, comfortable, and clear. My son was able to leave the dentist office excited to have found a new dentist and looking forward to his new visit.
5 I took my child here and I love it, even though she was just a bit too young for fillings we found out at the end, the desk lady was funny polite and worked well with kids, the dentist was very helpful careful and caring. He went over everything with such detail and concern as if it was his child. When the anesthesiologist came he was the same way. They put my child to sleep and let us hold her while she drifted away and then took her. About a hour later they came to the Lobby and told us that she was not taking the medicine well and needs more time before they can try it again on a later date that she was too young. They gave her bottled water crackers stickers and a toothbrush for my cranky Tia. They did not push for another date they just simply said come back when you feel she is ready and we will take care of you again and if she continues to feel cranky bring her back and we will help.
5 I really like this place,  they make kids feel like champions and are very welcoming.   Dr.H is really good with kids and so is the x-ray tech.  Everyone in there is awesome!
5 This place is so great! The staff, like Albert, are amazing with kids. They inform the kiddo about every step they take as they go about the cleaning & checkup process. Dr. Griff is friendly and brings both the parent and child into the conversation. The movies don't hurt, either. :) Highly recommend!
