5 I recently used Vicky and Pierre to complete a new home purchase.  The process was seamless!  Vicky is SUPER responsive and we were able to close in less than 30 days.  These guys will do whatever it takes to get the job done.  I would definitely recommend the Cornerstone team, they are great!!
5 This review is well overdue. I began looking for a home in Feb 2013. I decided on new construction, so they suggested I use their preferred lender. The builder reps amazing. Everything was going great until they recommended imortgage . What a NIGHTMARE! Anything that you can think of going wrong went wrong. I let them know I was a first time home buyer and needed some direction, however that was to much to ask for. SO after I couldnt take anymore I did some research on other options, I ran across many amazing reviews on Cornerstone Home Lending! What a life saver I immediately called Vicky and she took over explained everything from beginning to end, she held my hand through the entire thing. Unlike my previously lender who I had to beg to respond in a timely manner to my questions and concerns. Vicky and her team addressed my every concern within a few minutes. Did I mention they closed in 3 weeks!!!!!!! She turned a nightmare into a wonderful experience! I recommend Cornerstone to anyone that is looking to purchase a home :)
5 Finding the right lender is scary but I was put in touch with Vicki with Cornerstone by way of my real estate agent, Joe Scott for a house that I purchased in Jan 2013 (I'm late with review but you know if, 6 months later, the experience was still THAT good, that says something about the business).  My experience with Vicki and Pierre was AMAZING.  I was a first time home buyer, scared to death, and really worried.  I couldn't have had a better experience with them.  They answered all my questions and multiple emails the same day if not first thing the next morning every time.  They processed my pre-approval in 24 hours so I felt like I could take action quickly and thankfully so because I found an amazing house that Vicki and Pierre were able to get me into in UNDER 30 days.  I know closing in under 30 days is challenging, let alone, what I was needing but again, above and beyond.  I couldn't have had a better experience with them and would recommend their team to anyone and everyone!    THANK YOU!!!!!!
5 We just purchased a short sale and without Pierre and Vicky I'm not sure we could have pulled it of. This was our first home purchase so that alone is intimidating but it being a short sale added to the stress. Our loan was handled very professionally and they work very hard to get it done ASAP. I have nothing great things to say about the entire team at Cornerstone. I will use them again when we need to upgrade.
