3 yesterday i found myself on my way home from work with a rumbling tummy and the knowledge that dinner was a long way off following some espresso making at Artisan Roast.  so being a smart girl, i decided it was time to grab some food to re-fuel myself in prepartion from the impending caffeine rush that was soon to come!!  enter, Ecos cafe.  i've passed this place loads of times as it's at the top of pilrig street and next to my beloved Gaia.  however, Gaia disappointed today as i didn't spy any tasty sandwiches on offer, but i put this down to being so near closing time that they had sold off most of their lovely delights.  so a bit downheartened i left the shop and walked the two doors down to Ecos with the offer of falafel tempting me inside.  now this shop is a bit strange, it's a cafe offering your standard cafe fair with some middle eatern specialities thrown it, but it's also a furniture shop.  something i only realised after my accidental check in at the furniture shop instead of the cafe on yelp.  i've never seen quite a shop combination before, but i suppose if they think it works then good on them!  now, i had a quick look at the menu and decided a falafel wrap would make the perfect light dinner and thus ordered it.  i thought it strange that the wrap said it came with cheese, but when i asked for it without this item the man serving me was more than happy to replace it with something else.  in fact he suggested olives, which was an excellent replacement!!  i took a seat while waiting for my wrap to be completed and i have to say that the customer service at this place is top notch!  there were a few other people in the cafe while i was waiting and they were checked up on regularly (but not intrusively) and ordered items brought out promptly.  the two guys behind the counter were very friendly and made everything fresh from order.    within a few minutes my wrap was ready to go, so i paid and headed off home to enjoy.  now, while the price was right (only £3.60 for a huge wrap!) i have to say the flavours weren't over the top.  the wrap was good, nicely warmed with a generous helping of falafel, hummus, olives, and salad.  but the lettuce leaves had gotten a wee bit soggy during the heating process which made them a bit slimy inside the wrap.  the hummus and falafel were a bit on the bland side as well and could have used just a little more seasoning.  that said though, the wrap was totally acceptable and i enjoyed it but with a few changes i think it could outstanding!  if i'm hungry again and near Ecos i may very well pop in and try something else on their menu, but i certainly won't rush back.
3 Had a coffee at this beautiful Moroccan cafe. The cafe it self is beautiful and very relaxing but the coffee wasn't very much to jump around for. With so many places starting to make coffee with passion and getting the knowledge on how to make a GREAT coffee, this is one thing they need to work on. The food looks nice though and I will come back to try it before any bigger review.
4 You probably have to know what to get but there's a few things on the menu that are pretty good and the prices are pretty low. I'm a fan of the lamb kofta tagine.  They also do these shakes with spices and other sort of unusual ingredients for a shake/smoothie like pistachios and dates. They're really tasty if a little on the expensive side.  Great place for Moroccan mint tea too.
