4 There are multiple locations of this business and multiple eye doctors.  I went to the Mesa location for a yearly eye exam and was pleased with my experience.  It seems like it gets very busy, my appointment was one of the first although I still waited 20-25 minutes until I was taken back (I guess waiting is just part of going to any medical office). I was impressed with the technician, she was friendly and did a decent job at explaining what she was doing and why. I saw Jared Anderson OD, he was very personable and helpful.  For the short time I spent with him I would most likely go back based on the first impression.  They don't do contacts at this location just glasses prescriptions and they are lacking in their frame choices.  You can schedule an appointment online, fill out all the paperwork they need as a new patient and I really like that.  They have kiosks at the front for people to check in... first time I've seen this but is not a surprising trend.  My experience here was just fine but with the amount of patients they see there are bound to be negative comments along the way.  My advice is to check out their website and see if this place offers what you are looking for because they do offer plenty of services even if it is at a location other than the Mesa office. I wrote this review because the review I saw for the Phoenix location, I just crossed my fingers hoping the good review carried over to other locations.
1 This place was recommended to my grandmother when she was diagnosed with cataracts. I have never heard of such hideous customer service from a doctor's office in my life! Every step of the way, they were rushing her through, only to have her wait because the next step of their exam was currently occupied. They specialize in working with older patients, yet their facility is not able to accommodate them. Even in her wheelchair, their equipment was too high. The assistants there grabbed my grandmother under her arms - without warning or asking her permission - and lifted her up to fit the equipment so they could examine her eyes. Even our eye doctor has a table that can lower down so anyone, of any size or age, can get an eye exam. How is it that the nation-wide famous Barnet Dulaney Perkins Eye center doesn't have this capability? How can that be considered an accurate exam? For one of the tests, the assistant there grabbed her head and maneuvered it into the right position, again without asking. My grandmother may have bad knees, but she's mentally sharp as a tack - you CAN ask her to move her head this way or that, there was no need to man-handle her like that. Oh, and, believe it or not, the doctor was, apparently, too busy to come in and actually see her. Yep, that's right. Hours of being rushed through this and that, and yet still waiting for hours as well, we only saw assistants, never an actual doctor. Through out all this rude rat-race, we were asking the main question my grandmother wanted to know - how much would the cataracts procedure cost? They never had an answer. They told us a "counselor" would have to come to talk to us about it. How long would we need to wait? Oh, only five to ten minutes. We waited for one woman we were told would help, but when she was finally able to assist, she explained that no, she doesn't deal with that information, we had to go wait for someone else. We were sent to another area, and waited for almost two hours to meet with someone who could tell us how much this procedure would cost... and then found out that this person was gone for the day - so no one would even tell us how much we could expect to pay to have her eyes fixed. So rude!  The real icing on the cake was the diagnosis they gave my grandmother. Keep in mind that no actual doctor even saw her, right? On the paperwork given to us, they diagnosed her with macular degeneration. We asked for clarification on this, and they stated that, oh, this was standard for a woman of her age. No one said she actually did have it - they based the diagnosis on the standard averages for people her age. Honestly, how can they expect us to believe that when they didn't even bother to send a doctor in to see her personally?  Suffice to say, I feel that they treated my grandmother as nothing but a number. They ran her through without talking to her or bothering to treat her like an actual person. Frankly, I understand that the diagnosis they gave her was possible, but we're going to go somewhere else for a second opinion. We plan on finding a doctor who will not only come in to see their patients, but will treat them like people, not just a standard age.
3 they had 1 current magazine for approx. 25 patients waiting......good grief!
