4 The lempina bread from Natalia's has been a favorite of mine for awhile.  I'd been buying it at neighboring Euro Delicacies instead of at the actual bakery.  Yesterday, however, I finally checked it out and I am a fan. Why? They have Southern-Slav-style burek (a meat pie made with phyllo dough -- popular in Eastern Europe)!  And it looks good!    I didn't actually try it out, however, because some tasty looking baklava caught my eye and it was aweessomme (the extra letters denote extra goodness).  For $2.50 you get a generously-sized piece that tastes uber fresh.  Definitely my favorite baklava in Vegas.  I also purchased a tasty, salty breadstick for $1.00 - a breadstick (obviously) the size of a baguette.   Natalia's also makes various cookies, cakes, and breads that I need to try, including the whole wheat bread.  If you're extra hungry, they also serve various sandwiches.   The store is pretty bare bones and I wish they had at least some table seating.  It might be nice if they'd paint the walls and provide a table or two -- it would be nice to sit, relax and enjoy a cup of coffee with a pasty.  In the meantime, I'll just have to eat my lempina bread at home.
4 Oh my Baklava!!!  The first time I came in, I just wanted to check things out. They had baklava in their refrigerator case, which was the only thing I recognized. So I ordered it. I was snacky so I started eating it right after I walked out. OMG, the baklava was the freshest, moistest, yummiest I have ever tasted. I crave for it.   I have tried to go on Sat morning and they told me to come back later. So it is baked fresh!   Wait is today Saturday!? Yes it is!! I will so a little bit later, hehe...I'm so excited :)
2 The first visit,  I automatically wanted to give it 5 stars but after second visit I dropped the stars. The sweet bread, plain bread, croissants are amazing. They were fresh and not too sweet and just plain delicious. However the second visit I tried some items from the fridge, a multi-layer cake and some type of chocolate cake with whipped topping. They both tasted stale and pretty much not good. The bottom of the multi-layer cake was hard, so hard I could not eat it. After a few bites I needed to throw away and these were the priciest of any items I have tried. Im going to go again because their other items were so good and try to draft another review and maybe more stars. Also don't bother going before 11a.m. even though the sign says open at 9:30 a.m. they have nothing available.  Most importantly its awesome to support local business so I want to try again.    Upon drafting this I found out they are out of business and a new bakery is going in it's place around mid-March, not surprised they hardly had anything for sale and quite honestly pretty rude. Let's see what happens next!
