5 Found out this place finally open so some friends and I here at the office decided to give it a try.... Ordered online... very quick and easy.... Order was ready when requested.... just to add... I had an order of 11 sandwiches.... As there where packing all the sandwiches in a single large bag, I was going to order a drink, and the kind gentleman offered it to me for free.. nice!!.... Got back to the office and everyone was happy... all sandwiches where made to perfection and as requested... nothing missing nothing extra... The Philly was perfect, but I would suggest that you order extra cheese on it if you like'em cheesy.... we will definitely be returning in the near future..
5 Staff were over the top on customer service. The best part, I think they were being genuine. Food was good. Low key kinda place, patio seating is a nice option for people watching!!
5 I saw someone with a Jersey Mike's box the other day or I wouldn't have known they existed.  I was told to try the place as the subs they got there were the best they had had for a long time.   I had to make a decision whether to go their or AJ's this week.  I have to tell you Jersey Mike's had two strikes against it before I walked in there so I almost didn't.   I am not a big sub person.  Usually the bread is satisfactory but that is about it.  The second strike is most places that advertise themselves as being from a specific area offer a product  you really have to develop a taste for  if you are ever really going to enjoy it.  Maybe if you are from there... ?  I was about that far from not going in...  I am glad that I did.  They don't offer all the toppings one might find at the other large chains. Only two kinds of bread?  The difference is in the quality of what they do offer.  That by far makes up the difference.  I had a toasted veggie wrap and really enjoyed it.  Everything was fresh and crisp without an overpowering ranch dressing.  Nice fresh bread that tasted like it had been baked that day.  Enough to fill you up without making you feel stuffed.  I have no problems with the thought of going back.    One more plus for Jersey Mike's.  I had to wait longer than I expected.  When I finally did get my order, I mentioned it was my first time there.  I was immediately told they were shorthanded and got an apology for having had to wait as long as I did.  That really impressed me as they were really busy and it was genuine, not lip service.     Nice place.
5 Best turkey sand. ever! Mikes way is the best way!
3 Service was lacking, we were the only people in the place and had to hear about the two gentlemen talk about the schedule for a few minutes before we were even greeted. Ordered two small subs with small drinks and chips. I had a philly style beef with spicy sauce, the Kahuna or something. It was meh, ok. I won't be back because I spent over $20.00.
5 This is a great place for who ever likes original east coast subs. The meats are sliced wright in front of you ... Very fresh. Friendly staff
5 I came here on a Friday to feast on a Philly cheesesteak; had it with the onions and peppers on white bread.It was phenomenal! So much that I spent the whole weekend dreaming about it. And so I convinced my co-workers we needed to eat here for lunch the following Monday.  I ordered the Philly again on white bread w/ onions and peppers, but this time w/ chicken as the filling. Wow! It was delicious! The bread was not soggy. And both sandwiches were flavorful. It was well worth the $7 plus change spent.
2 $10.10 for Miss Vickers Chips, 22 ounce soda, and a 7 inch sub.   Whoa!   Sub was all bread and lettuce.   Skimpy skimpy skimpy!   Service was fine, but I will not be going back when I can go to Subway for a 12 inch sub plus drink and chips for $7.00  .   Sorry Jersey Mike, but yous no good.
2 I'll cut them slack for opening month jitters and a petrified cashier who couldn't count change from a $20 on a $7.40 sandwich   And the freshness and flavor wasn't bad although nothing special - at least it wasn't disgusting.    But I'm not a fan of places that are so chincy to work their bottom line margins that they essentially pull a flimflam like I'm too stupid to realize it.    You will get two transparently thin slices of  cheese and so little shaved meat on your sub it becomes an $8 bread and condiment sandwich.   Just make a sub like its supposed to be where you can actually taste the meat and cheese and charge what you need.    Verdict is this is a rip deal.
5 Delicious and the staff was very nice
5 Get the #8 on wheat with everything on it!
4 Very friendly staff.  Do a sub Mikes way and you will be back in Jersey!  Generally fast and much more filling and better value than that other sub chain.
2 Been here many times & would normally give it at least 3 stars but went in 5 minutes before it close & asked if it was too late & they said no.  Told them I don't want to keep them but they said it was fine.  Ordered a HOT buffalo chicken wrap which female cook dropped tortilla on grill for half a second & put it on paper then grilled chicken for 5 SECONDS on each side (her words). HOT wrap was ice cold.  When I asked isn't it  suppose to be hot she said all the condiments were cold & she cooked the meat 5 seconds on each side.  I will go again but not order if she is cooking.
4 yay great subs will be back
5 This is an update to my last review.  I went into Jersey Mike's last night for the first time since my less than stellar experience and couldn't have been more pleased.  The previous female employee was not there and the staff was very friendly as I have experienced prior to my last visit.  My buffalo chicken wrap was warmer than last time and filled with lots of great condiments.  I was planning on writing this review but ironically the manager contacted me this morning through yelp to address my concern.  I am glad that a business takes the time to contact it's customers to address any problems or concerns.  I will definitely be back and tell people of my awesome experience.
3 It's a pretty good sandwich shop, but if you just finish hiking and Etc its not the place to keep you full lol
5 I went in the early afternoon and got incredibly fast and friendly service.  The food is always good and fresh.  They seem to have a lot of turnover in employees, so I never see the same face twice, but the food certainly doesn't seem to suffer.  They even secret menu options ... if that's something you enjoy  :-)
2 This was my friend's first time eating here. We walked in about 30 minutes to close when two employees, not paying attention to the door, were cleaning the grill. My friend ordered a chicken Parmesan sandwich. The employee told him he just put that stuff away. Which makes sense that he didn't want to re-clean the grill. So he reluctantly ordered a cold sub as anything hot would require re-dirtying the grill.  It's a shame that that he wasn't able to get the sandwich he really wanted because the workers were obviously trying to be out the door the minute they close. He will probably not be back.
3 This place has wonderful sandwiches, always does.  That is why I will continue to go there.  Went there last week to pick up a call ahead order, as I was paying, with a credit card, the kid checking me out showed me where I could tip, but "no pressure" as he eyeballed each button press and was dissapointed as I chose no thank you.   I understand wanting to tip if you get great service, but be serious you are a sandwich shop.  Is it necessary to have to say no thanks on a tip while checking out with a credit card??  What were they wanting 20% to hand me a bag?  Eliminate the tip option on the credit card check out screens and 5 stars on a sandwich shop.  Sandwich shop...
2 The employee that decided to make fun of another employee took away from what is a usually very good experience at this location.  The young man making the sandwich was being very friendly, asked all the right things to make sure everything would be made correctly and was a pleasure. Then another employee started saying and asking things that made it clear that he was making fun of him or taunting him. The first employee looked shaken up by this but continued his excellent customer service.   Other employees got quiet and busy to stay out of it.  Food is always great, but manager should be checking out this kind of treatment by one employee to another.
5 If I'm int he mood for a good Italian sub, I come to Jersey Mikes. Not only do they slice all of the deli meat right in front of you, but the ingredients are always fresh. There are locations all over the valley, but this review is for the Camelback/Central restaurant. The staff was extremely friendly, the place was clean, and I got a FREE COOKIE just for checking in!   Overall, Jersey Mikes is where you should go if you want an Italian sub. Wayyyy better than Subway
1 Like any fast food place, the staff changes often. On a recent visit, husband walked out because he said the lettuce was brown and looked awful and the staff refused to provide fresh lettuce. Also, the turkey was so shredded, it was unrecognizable as such. The staff refused again to open a new chunk of turkey until the little nub left was used up. When my husband asked Iif maybe they could slice it thicker, the lady said she would charge extra!   Additionally, when I asked for extra onions, the man making my sandwich (who appeared to be the MANAGER) was rolling his eyes at other employees who were on a break in response to my request. I saw you do that you jerk; I'm not blind! Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!
