5 My family and I have gotten our routine oil changes, tire repairs, punctured gas tank replacement, engine electrical problem repair and other services done.  They always get things done quickly or in a timely manner.  Thank you EXCEL AUTO SERVICES!  Your staff never fails to amaze me with the great customer service you offer your customers and the quality of work done on our automobiles.  Yet again... Not just on this occasion but several others you've come to the rescue!  It makes a huge difference, less headache and less hassle to know that we have a reliable auto shop we can go to.  I can't say thank you enough.
5 The guys at the shop have been absolutely AMAZING! They have never failed to impress me with their honesty, communication and considerate and timely service. As a REALTOR, I completely depend on my car being in good working condition.  They've assisted me when my fuel pump tanked on me in the middle of the freeway and they've helped my Mother when her car broke down in the middle of traffic, they got us back on the road within a day!!! Every time I've gone to get my car serviced, I leave confident that our vehicles were in great hands and really being cared for. I've referred them out to friends, family and clients all over the Vegas Valley and will continue to.
5 Excellent service. Great and honest people... Got my engine oil, manual transmission and transaxle gear lube, transfer case lubricant, brake/clutch fluid and power steering fluid done today. Great price compared to Tireworks, Sears and the over rated Auto Pro shop. Joe who is the office, made me feel welcome. Al the mechanic did a great job. Thanks a whole lot to Tiffany Bautista-Medeiros for the help. HIGHLY RECOMMEND PEOPLE TO GO EXCEL... Great honest people, Overall Great Company... Will return for routine maintenance for my EVO 9...
4 So far so great, the staff treats you like family and takes precision in their craft.
5 Customer service is good but most importantly the fix my car and I don't have to worry about having the same issue a few months down the line.
