2 The staff was very accommodating and got us a new room when our toilet didn't work. The elevator is straight out of a horror film, and a man told me not to use one of the staircases because there was a nudist swimming pool next door (yet to be confirmed). Overall, I would say it is survivable for a night.
1 Crap hotel.
1 This hotel was just terrible. The room they checked us into had fixtures falling off the wall, no phone and no working light! When we complained, they put us in a room not much better. Would rather camp in the parking lot!
1 Dirtiest hotel bar none. Somehow we booked this place for a week's stay during CES, and upon arrival, we were all shocked at the conditions.  Entering the hotel, many overhead lights were broken. A Bug Terminix Log binder sits in the front lobby due to the Claremont's constant battle with Bed Bugs. All bad signs pointing to go out the way you came in.   We had 3 rooms. The first room was in bad shape. Bed covers were not on the bed and laid in a pile in the corner of the room. There were red stains on the bed. Drinks from previous occupants stood on the tables. Now the bathroom was the worst of it all--just nasty.   The 2nd room was in better shape, and had a TV. Not all rooms have TVs. The issues with this room was that the walls were falling apart. The fridge was alive with mold. Both rooms had broken lights, so the rooms were very dark. Lastly, the bathroom was just as bad as the first room.   The best part of the Claremont would be the front lobby staff. They're super nice and try to make the customer happy. Unfortunately, this was not enough for us to stay there, and we left immediately after checking in. The hotel charged us a night's stay.   We left without looking back!
1 Nastiest hotel ive ever been to. I would give zero stars, but i cant. Their website shows decent pics, they dont compare at all to how it really is. Outside is dirty, inside is danky, staff is unfriendly, the room was absolutely disgusting. Filthy room, broken flooring in the batjroom, paint peeling on all tje walls, carpet lifted up in almost all sections of the room, layer of dust everywhere. Tje floor was actually uneven as if the building had broken. The bed was saggy, the sheets seemed clean, bjt i wouldnt trust that. The comforter was so old and worn and dirty, tje tjreading had come undone and it was showing the stuffing inside. Walked down tje outside stairs to go to my car, there is no exit, just stairs. Tje access door at the bottom was broken, going back upstairs none of the access key doors had any power to tjem so tjey wouldnt open. The hallways smelt as if some feces were on tje walls. Overall a regretful stay. For tje same price i stayed elsewhere tje following night and had luxury. DONT STAY AT THE CLAREMONT...
