5 By far the greatest barber shop I've been to. I recently moved here from Washington, D.C. and I've been to several shops but this place was amazing. Very clean, friendly, on point well trained barbers, and the prices where perfect!! Highly recommend this location it's work the wait or the drive I promise you that!!
5 Perfection.   Mike's Barber Shop has everything going for it, great fast service, always clean, excellent barbers that enjoy their job and actually make it a point to know you and talk to you.  This is the only place I let cut my hair, Joe is the barber that cuts my hair and by far I get the best hair cuts from him that I have ever had. I guarantee the other barbers are excellent too but I've always had Joe do my hair cuts.  So in all, if your looking for a barber shop, I promise you, you will not go wrong here. They will go above and beyond your expectations, just as they did mine.
5 Just got my hairs cut and really enjoyed this place! Was looking for a men's barber in East Mesa and was kind of surprised to find one right down the road from our office. Typically I just cut my own hair with a guard and have the wife clean up the back but this time I wanted to have someone put some what of style into it. No way did I want to step into a women's salon but wasn't really feeling the "quickie cheap cut" places either. Alas, Mike's Barbershops. No wait, showed a picture to Javier of what I wanted and he had me cut and ready to go in maybe 15-20 minutes. He did a really nice job of exactly what I wanted too. Took a chance and it actually worked out this time! Sweet.
3 Cash only business if you don't want to pay a fee to use a debit or credit card. Mike is now only a name on the sign. He used to be a regular barber, now Chris is in charge. Chris is great, but everyone wants him and the wait can be long. It's disappointing that my regular barber has left, so has my back-up favorite and my back-up to my back-up.  More chairs to handle the increase in business, that is great, but the influx of new barbers in and out make it hard to get comfortable with inconsistent haircuts.    Prices are okay, Mike's is still a nice place, but it was time to move on.  I may drop in now and then if time is short.  If Mike still owns the place, he needs to drop in more often and thank his customer's, that's what made him successful to begin with.
5 This place is the place, old school hair cuts, new style barbers, strait razor shaves, and you leave looking & feeling like a new man!
5 Does anyone know where Vee is working know? I loved the way she cut my hair. Please let me know. Thanks
5 The haircut was good and the price was right.  It had the barbershop feel, sports on the tube, and jawing going back and forth between the barbers.  I'll be back for sure!
5 Great place, I have been going for years. Always friendly and a great haircut for what I have left anyway!!
1 I have been here twice. The first time was ok.  The second time they cut my hair way shorter than I asked and it was a pretty bad haircut overall. He never asked if he was cutting it to long or short enough he just talked in spanish to the other barbers and pretty much ignored me.   They also wouldn't accept the $2 check in coupon on yelp. Why have it on there if you won't take it?  I might be more willing to over look it except they charge $19 for a haircut. Overpriced in my opinion.
5 I came here because of all the good reviews I read about Mike's and this barbershop is by far the best I've ever been too! I had rick do my hair. He was quick, professional, and must have read my mind when it came to the style of hair I was going for! Thanks Rick! I would recommend this place to anyone!
