5 I got a manicure and pedicure from Kristine and a massage from Jennifer. Both services were outstanding. Both practitioners have definitely mastered their crafts. Kristine did a great job and even educated me about my nails. Did you know, for instance, that the only living part of your nails are the half moon part? The nail beds are dead. Yep,that's right. :),  The massage with Jennifer was amazing. Honestly, it felt so good. She is thoughtful with every massage stroke and has a system of hot towels support down too. It felt like what a massage is supposed to feel like. Actual pressure and care. She was just so present. I will definitely be back. It was one of the best massages I've ever had. I was so bummed when it was over.   The spa is nice too and they keep everything super clean, tidy and welcoming. Everyone that worked there was super helpful and cheerful - authentically. I'm guessing the managers there are good to their people. I hope so.   Sammy on the front desk was super helpful too. Thanks for loaning me your iPhone charger.  On another note, it is clothing optional but all the ladies using the jacuzzi had on their swim suit - at least when I was there. And it was awkward (well, for about ten seconds) because I didn't bring a suit. I say, be naked. Maybe that's the French in me. Or, perhaps just too many visits to Kabuki Spa in San Francisco.
5 Awesome Salon!! I went and had my hair and makeup done for my wedding it turned out amazing. I was super nervous at first because its not like I had a trial run at hair and makeup. Turned out excellent. My husband and I also had a couples massage while we were there which was a nice relaxing end to our honeymoon.
5 Got an online deal for a 50 minute massage for $80.00.  Cindy was my massage therapist and she was great.  Got off to a slow start to find the hot tub wasn't hot and the attendant told me it would take an hour to heat up.  She mentioned some sort of maintenance issue.  No big deal I went to the relaxation room to read and drink tea.  Bottom line, for the money this was a great deal.  I have also visited the spa at Bellagio and Qua Waters at Caesars.  Caesars would be a better bet if you were with a group.  You can just pay the entry fee and float around in 5 or six different spa tubs if on a budget. I thought the massage was worth the money and  I enjoyed my visit to this spa.
4 I was in Vegas for a girls' week of partying and we decided to start with Swedish massages at Rio Spa.  My massage therapist was Reversa (sp?) and she was fantastic.  I thoroughly enjoyed both the Swedish massage and the scalp massage...even considered staying longer for a more intense scalp massage but, alas, the casino was calling!  Although I've only been to the Rio once before for my friends to indulge in the seafood buffet, we enjoyed ourselves quite a bit.  It's a small spa but they get the job done.
2 I picked up a Groupon and thought I'd give the spa a try.  I had a body wrap and the service was perfectly acceptable.  The service room was small even though it had a shower right in it.  Unfortunately, with the sink being right by my head, it kind of ruined the relaxation of the wrap with the sound of the utensils being washed out.    The spa isn't laid out in a circular pattern, it's more of rooms along a corridor.  So you have four showers, the toilets, and the sinks/makeup area in one room, the "relaxation room" with couches and drinks in another, the lockers in another, the spa in one, and then all the way down the hall are the steam and sauna rooms.  Really, it's fine for relaxing before or after a service or workout but I certainly wouldn't pay just to enter it.  There just are not enough amenities for that.
2 When you first walk in the Spa has that salon feel but when you are taken back to the spa it is really relaxing. I have seen better waiting rooms while you wait for your service. This one had the basics water and a few snacks.  I splurged on a sugar scrub because I had never done one before. I have always looked at it as something I could do myself. It was so amazing! My skin felt incredibly soft and the lotion they gave me was so yummy. Here is the part that irked me, they messed up my nail appointment. I had confirmed it over the phone and I also confirmed it in person at the front desk. The manicurist came to get me and told me she did not have time to do my feet. I was confused and told her I had booked the appointment for my hands and feet. I thought she was a little brash about it.  When I was walking out I was confused about who to give my shoes back too. There was a woman in the hall so I went to give them to her and she just took them without saying anything. Come to find out this was the manger. The only reason I found this out is because she came to the front desk to discount my scrub due to the confusion. So the woman I handed my shoes to did not acknowledge me in the least but she was the manger!  So the customer service is really lacking and for the price I will go to other spas.
2 During my recent stay at the Rio, I decided to get a manicure and pedicure downstairs at the spa.  The spa itself is ok - not super luxurious but does the trick. You can use the steam room, sauna or hot tub if you purchase any of the services so my girlfriend who was getting a facial went down early to enjoy some of these amenities. The sauna was super hot and while I can usually stay 20 min. in one, I barely lasted 15. It felt good but seemed warmer than the sauna at my gym back home.  The relaxing area was dim and had ample seating but I wish they had stools to kick your feet up. I brought my Nook and was able to read a bit but couldn't really get super comfortable because the chairs were too upright.  Do they do this on purpose so we don't overstay our welcome?    The mani/pedi services I received from Crystal was great and she alone deserves 4 stars. She was very easy to talk to and made my visit fun and relaxing. The only reason why I couldn't give this spa higher marks is because the guy checking us in (Sammie) was not very friendly at all. He is the first person patrons comes into contact with when they come in and he was stone faced and not very warm and welcoming at ALL.  It was very off putting. If it weren't for him, they would've gotten another star. I'll get on my usual soap box rant with people who choose a profession that interacts with the public but aren't pleasant....If your job is to welcome guests into your establishment and you can't be friendly or even pleasant....CHOOSE ANOTHER LINE OF WORK!  I don't want to spend a $100+ to deal with a cranky ass receptionist.
4 Gotta love a women's spa that has beautiful prints of Johnny Depp and other gorgeous men on the wall!   Reversa did my 80 minute massage. It was great. For some reason, she sort of spent a lot of time on my left side of my body and I kept waiting for her to balance it out. But, her massage was great, thorough, and she was very quiet during my massage. I prefer quiet and not a lot of idle chatter.   You can tell she has been doing massage for 13 years. She really knows what she is doing. The spa has a sauna and a jacuzzin. A gym, too. You can use all of the faciliites all day long and come and go as you please.   I will definitely go back next time I am in town.
4 During my recent stay at the Rio I decided to splurge on a massage. The day before I had worked out at their gym which I'm glad I did because having a relaxing massage for sore muscles was just perfect! My masseuse Carl was so awesome that I upgraded from a 50 min to an 80 min massage. I was so relaxed afterwards!   The spa itself was clean and relaxing. The Women's lounge had complementary water, juice, fruit and pretzels. Other amenities include a small gym, sauna, hot tub Jacuzzi.  It's not especially Luxurious but as the other yelpers stated, it does the trick.
5 I came in with very low expectation for a good massage therapist but I had great amazing massage.  therapeutic massage is really therapeutic.  The massage therapist really work hard to help me get out the knots and stretch.  I am really surprise this kind of heavy tourist hotel spa has such a great massage therapist.  facility is a bit small, only one Jacuzzi tub, sauna and steam. will be back again for massage.
4 Walking out I loved the way my hair felt. Nope!, no hair salon treatment. I was informed by spa staff that they added  aromatherapy in their spa showers! That surprised me because I didn't smell anything when I showered after my spa treatment, which is excellent because some smells can be overpowering.  I have visited this spa throughout the years when I visit and stay at the Rio. Continues to have great customer service, clean facility and great spa treatment technicians.  I love the pampering with robes, slippers, use of the exercise room, jaccuzi and showering products.    On this trip, no wait time. I walked in and scheduled a appointment!
4 Very relaxing experience! Cindy gave me a 50 minute Swedish massage, and it was one of the best massages I've ever had! The staff was so nice, and they brought my friend and I drinks while we were in the jacuzzi. I felt so pampered! The reasons why I gave 4 stars instead of 5: the place is smaller than other spas I've been too: there's only one jacuzzi, the shower was okay but also a bit small. Overall, great place!
5 Booked an amazing 25 mins stress message with Antoinette. You have your own personal attendant in the men's locker room who provides you with slippers, towels, water, drinks, you name it. Free use of the steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi is included on the day of your massage else it's 12$. If you pay the resort fee the gym and the basic spa use its included. Well worth it!
5 Service was excellent and friendly.  They treated us well during every treatment and kept us entertained with good conversation.  The manager/owner was gracious and welcoming.  Sure, pricing is high as with any in-hotel spa, but not out of line with that standard.  The facility was nice and very clean.  We'll be back!
2 If I was grading based upon the massage and the staff inside the spa area, I would give this a five stars.  However, the front desk staff is what knocked this down to two stars.  Maybe I'm spoiled by the Canyon Ranch Spa at Venitian/Palazzo, which for about the same price is WAY better.   I asked twice before booking my appointment at Rio Spa if I would be able to use the pool and I was assured that I could if I had a players card.   I made a special effort to get the card, but when I arrived at the spa, I was told the pool was totally separate.   The front desk staff would not even allow me to enter the spa and change or use a locker even though my scheduled massage appointment was within the hour.  The made me change in the bathroom and then when I got to the pool I was told that I didn't have the right level of card and it would be an extra $20.   Bottom line is the front desk people shouldn't lie about services just to get bookings.   If the spa and pool are totally unrelated to each other and someone specifically asks about it at the time of booking, they should tell them the truth.
