5 This has become my go-to lunch spot.  The salad toppings are always fresh and varied, the falafel is great and the prices can't be beat for a healthy, quick meal.  The staff is super friendly, too!  They usually have samples of their yummy smoothies out on the counter for customers to try which is a nice touch while you're paying your bill.
4 This is one of my favorite places to eat downtown during school. Their salads are huge and super affordable. One with chicken is only $7. They also make smoothies that are all fruit for $5. The people that work there are super friendly and are always quick to give you their recommendations. It's in a great location and is very accessible for students. Because of that and the great food and prices, I will definitely be coming back here often during the semester.
5 I go here every day I have class on Downtown ASU Campus.  ALOT of healthy items to choose from including pita pizza with anything you want on it! Right now I'm stuck on a combination of salad greens with jalapeños and grilled chicken.  Good Price for the quality, and excellent service!
5 Love this place hope to see more through the valley.  I can walk in and get one dish and be happy and satisfied through the day.  I really like this place
4 I love to make a build-your-own salad in between classes. They aren't usually cheap, but it's plenty of food to keep me going through the rest of the day. I was sad they didn't have their Italian dressing last time, but their house dressing is really good. It's a twist on balsamic vinaigrette, but much better! One suggestion to have coupons in the ASU Coupon Book!!
4 Downtown Phoenix was in desperate need of exactly this place - fresh vegetable juices, smoothies, build-your-own salads -  My personal fave is the option to add grilled shrimp... YUM!  Oh and the carrot, ginger, lime, kale juice is great too!  The delivery service (on bright green bikes!), is speedy and environmentally friendly.  I love that on busy days at work, I don't even have to leave my desk to get a delicious and nutritious "bowl of greens"!
4 I love this place. My only complaint is that its technically within walking distance from work for me.. but NOT in the summer, and parking stinks. So, I would probably go here every day if it were winter.  It is a bit too expensive. A salad comes out to just 2 or 3 dollars more than I feel is fair, but there isn't anything else like it in the area so I guess they have a monopoly.  And their "house" balsamic is to die for. Whatever spices/herbs they mix in make it the best I have ever tasted.   And they have pepitas as a topping which is great. It's not worth the 75 cents extra, especially considering its not a perishable product so the upcharge is pretty ridiculous.   So, if you don't mind paying a bit extra and finding a street parking space or walking in the summer heat, the food itself is delicious and the hummus is nice.
4 First time here I ordered the chicken kabob entree.  The service was very slow, not sure if it was just a bad day for them but I was waiting a pretty long time for my order.  The food was excellent though so I am willing to give it another go around!
4 Build your own salad - yum! Fresh juice - yum! Amazing kabobs! Going to try the mediterranean platter next time. I'm sure it will be amazing. Great service. Delivery on bike to downtown - so if you work downtown call and they'll deliver! Don't drive here ... no good parking available. ASU students stop here for a quick HEALTHY bite instead of traditional fast food.
5 LOVE this place. Everything is so fresh. I had the falafel sandwich which was amazing and my husband had the salmon entree. He loved his meal as well. So many options to build your own salad and you can also have fresh squeezed juice made with your choice I ingredients. So much better than many if the other "fast" food places downtown. I highly recommend Bowl of Greens and will be back again and again. Owner and staff are  wonderful and very friendly.
1 Every time I come here I'm rarely disappointed but the last time I came here I went to order a $5 smoothie and the girl making it decided that she should argue with me about what a smoothie really is, hat you can add to it then wanted me to give her a step by step of how to make BOGs own smoothies.  Tonight I stopped to get my favorite lamb entree which comes with rice and a BOG salad for $8. I had the rice substituted for pita chips an got it to go which usually is fine but instead of a salad there were just a few pieces of lettuce. No toppings or anything. The lamb want lamb instead I got nothing but gristle; one piece was a solid hunk of fat! The only thing edible was the pita chips, the rest had to be thrown away. I ordered a large OJ, tiramisu and te lamb entree which totaled over $20 and like I said the entree had to be thrown away.  The tiramisu is really good but it isn't worth $40 for the tiny portion you get. I ordered it for my dad and there's only 2-3 bites.  To be honest I'm afraid to go to BOG again and it used to be the one place I stopped at between classes or on the way home. After tonight's experience I'm not even sure if I want to stop in to get the always great go-to grilled chicken sandwich.
5 I love this place. The owner is incredibly friendly and it's a great place to grab a quick bite to eat downtown. The food is always fresh, delicious, and healthy. They deserve your business, so give them a shot!
5 I love me some veggies!  As a downtown ASU student I seem to always be in a hurry, and thankfully Bowl of Greens has saved me from starvation on multiple occasions. It's conveniently located right next to the Croknite building. My favorite from them are their juices. They have a large selection of different veggies and fruits to choose from. I've also tried their oven roasted veggies, chicken, and grilled red peppers...so delicious! On top of all the options that they offer, the owner is exceptionally nice and always very courteous.
4 It is nice to have a place within walking distance of my office for fresh and healthy food. I have had the the grilled chicken pita sandwich which is outstanding. The grilled salmon salad with red peppers and the house dressing is very good also. The prices are very reasonable and it does not take long to get your food.   A very nice change of pace to the normal lunch options.
3 I have been to bowl of greens many times since I work nearby.  The food is always fresh, crisp, and quickly made (although the majority of the food does sit out similar to cafeteria style).  They have a relatively extensive selection of salad ingredients to create your own salad.  Or you can order one of the many sandwiches pitas such as Chicken & Hummus.  Prices are pretty reasonable (think $6-10 for salad/sandwich/entree) although portion sizes aren't that big or anything.  The more I have gone here the more average it seems but it is still a decent place to grab a light and healthy lunch with a slight Mediterranean twist, particularly since there aren't many places like this downtown.
4 I am so happy to have a place to get fresh juice! They also deliver to businesses downtown.
4 I've been here a number of times now and have been satisfied every time. I always get a custom salad, and they have pretty good choices for regular and premium add-ons. I usually get the spinach with black beans, red onion, red pepper, and mushrooms. I add avocado, and just get their house vinaigrette. It's nothing special, but the ingredients have always been (and tasted) fresh and crisp. They also give a very generous portion of avocado, which I really enjoy. It's nice to have this option around campus. Sure, there are some great restaurants around, but as far as fast food goes, nothing else very healthy is nearby. I'll be going back.
4 I went here not expecting much. TALK ABOUT FANTASTIC. Literally the best salad place in the central Phoenix area. LOVE IT... LOVE. BTW.. try some of the grilled veggies... pleasant surprise. We will probably be back once a week.
5 I've been going to ASU downtown for over a year but just tried this for the first time. While I wasn't expecting anything spectacular, I got it! The grilled chicken Caesar salad was DELISH. The chicken was flavored to perfection and was juicy, not dry like a lot of places can be. Because it's located on our campus, I wish the prices were lower for us broke college kids but you can't really complain when you get quality like this. The staff was also very nice and they had fun music playing. I will be frequenting this place more often now that I know what they have to offer. I'm excited to try their fresh smoothies and hummus next time!   -My only qualm with this place would be the to-go boxes. They're cute and convenient, until you go to eat out of it. Then the flaps get in the way. Not a huge deal though.
5 I have been meaning to write a review for a while on this terrific place. We originally discovered this by doing a search for healthy places to eat around downtown. We live a few miles away however this is worth the effort. We have made the trip several times since discovering it and found each time that the food and service are outstanding. The food if fresh and made to order. The salads are wonderfully prepared. There have never been any issues with slight adjustments to the sandwiches that my sons order. Kid can be a little picky at time. The fresh pita chips are some of the best around. My boys will take those over chips and we are always buying a couple extra bags to take home. The smoothies are my boy's favorites. I also wanted to take time to recognize the owner. Each time we have come in he has always greeted us. He takes the time to get to know you and make you feel welcome. He is very hands on and does get behind the counter to assist and make sure that your experience is the best possible. I have seen a couple of the same employees there on multiple visits which is also a good sign. Fresh food, great smoothies, outstanding service.  This is worth the trip or if you are already downtown make sure to stop by.
5 I've been working in the area for over a year but just tried this place for the first time today. I had thought they were just a salad place; I was sorely mistaken! They have sandwiches, pastas, smoothies, and breakfast in addition to build-your-own salads. I purchased a sandwich for lunch and was satisfied. Tasty, fresh, and healthy! I'll definitely be stopping by again this month for more tasty lunches.  Oh, and, the pita chips are AMAZING.
5 While my initial visits could be influenced by its location across from my office, the great food, prices, and service have made me a regular customer. They have great salads, sandwiches, and other Mediterranean options. During a particularly busy lunch rush my order got momentarily lost in the shuffle; the owner got me my order immediately and gave a complimentary drink.
5 I work at ASU-Downtown, and whenever I wake up too late for breakfast or forget my lunch, my go-to restaurant is Bowl of Greens. BOG is a healthy, whole-food, green, & on-the-go concept restaurant. I've recommended it to campus visitors, too, who were very happy with the selection. I've enjoyed breakfast and lunch/supper items as well as coffee, tea, and smoothies.   The smoothies are fresh and made from real ingredients. A list of ingredients is provided at the counter, so you can judge how thick it will be. If you don't get it made with yogurt or powders, it will be thinner, but it is still a smoothie. You pay a bit more for the convenience of the location and the freshness of the real food, but it's worth it! It could be argued that BOG is over priced, but you're paying for whole food, speed, and convenience of location. This is not your SAD (Standard American Diet) kind of place with SAD proportions.  Personally, I enjoy the Spinach Mango smoothie with whey protein; Mocha Smoothie with peanut butter or whey protein; and the arugula salad add chicken and goat cheese, substitute with BOG dressing. The roasted veggies are great, too. Regarding the the negative reviews for BOG, be sure you read between the lines of the text and view their photos. Seriously! Ha!
4 As the only truly healthy option in downtown Phoenix I have to give them props. They have a lot of fresh ingredients to build your own salad. They also have warm Mediterranean dishes and a few Italian options as well, in addition to smoothies.  The staff are very nice and I will say that they place nice, relaxing music for all us stressed out students.  It is a bit on the pricey side and it occurs to me that I could put together the same thing if I weren't so lazy.  That said, it's nice to have a healthy option downtown.
1 Another bad place..but it was more likely my bad choice. The veggie delight was a very undelightful mix of mozzarella,  lettuce and roasted red peppers and sun dried tomatoes that nearly cut my mouth. The pita bread broke apart while eating spilling all the nasty ingredients onto the unclean table and there were flies hanging out all over the joint as well. Too many choices of bad stuff and why is the counter guy handing me samples with his tongs straight onto my hand? College kids probably like this place..but any adult should know better and try a real restaurant.
5 Was craving a salad found this place in yelp it is amazing!!! Great food and customer service!!
4 4 stars. Clean. Fast. Fresh. The smoothies were good, and all of the food was cooked well. We got the chicken kebabs and a few salads. The kebabs were really good, and only took a few minutes. Tzeziki (sorry for the misspell) dressing was good as well.
