1 These people suck.  If you are a small business person stay away.  I'm like the previous reviewer.  I would give zero stars if possible.
1 I have now seen an all time low to cable internet. Its a shame, cause having this has a lot of potential. You will loose me as a customer very soon if not improved.
1 There should be a option to leave zero or negative stars.  Cox customer service is the worst, we had the bundle of the internet, home and cable. We was told we get the sports channels and so on, so when they finally came out to hook it up we had not even basis cable, NO espn, what cable service does not even javelin espn? In my house that won't stand. Especially with a $120 a month bill and have they said 79 channel and what we had was not 79 channels, but less. Seeing DirectTV had a better deal with over 300 channels for 69.99 and that included all 3 boxes and dvr I switched just the cable to them. I called the FIRST time after being on hold for awhile I was told the rep count help me with a disconnect and she was sending me to a permossiomal department, I told her I don't want to deal with that I want to just disconnect, so she sent my call there anyway. I tell the woman at the promessional dept I just want to cancel my service I am not in the mood to deal with nonsense I am calling for a reason. She hangs up on me. I call back and on hold for a long Tim, Im furious at this point. I hang up and called back the next day. I get a guy this time, he asked why I am canceling, well, I thought I could be honest and say I got a better deal with DirectTV, he starts off talking down about them and saying this and that about DirectTV and how I should cancel them and tried to pressure me to cancel. I told him from the beginning I am not looking for a debate or to listen to any bs just cancel my service like I ask, well, he wouldst and kept talking about now bad of a deal i got and blah blah blah. I told him to just cancel my service and shut up. well, he still continued to belittle the other company. I got fed up and told him to shove it up his ass and im hanging up to call someone sensible back and hung up. I called and must of been lackluster as i was on hold for about a hour. Hung up again and called back the next day to listen to another woman try and convince me to not switch. Either these reps are under some high pressure to keep sales or there is some ignorant workers. I don't javelin time and sure don't have the patients to listen to the bs. Thanks ro your sales reps my phone and internet are being canceled too and when i do Im going down to the office so I can get it to the point and when they start in I can overtake them to tell them to shove this shitty company. Why so us customers, paying customers have to deal with this? That is what drives us away.............
1 Cox is cutting to many corners  from what it seems like!!! Their communication from the call center to their technician was very inaccurate ! In all reality it was not the technician 's fault because they only came out to do what cox told told them to do! Which was  short simple and sweet!  Their wait time to get someone on the phone was well over an hour! It's been bad! I originally got cox because I thought the signal would be great and lately the wi-fi has been losing signal and the cable cuts out! All they want is to lock you in to their contract and after they don't care!
1 Cox Business is both high-cost and Low-Service. I didn't have service at 6:00am this morning... no internet, no email... no phone. I'm OUT OF BUSINESS. Cox "technician" is a call-center guy who says "yeah, 250 people in your area are out"... Well, when can I expect to be UP ? No Idea...  It's 4:00pm and I've had internet for two hours... email service....NO... Phone... NO. Still- Out of Business.   Business Service?  Go Elsewhere .
