5 Fast and cheap!
4 Rectangular block next to Sinclair gas station seems very unassuming, but does what is needed quickly and professionally. No hassles or fears of trying to be sold additional services. In and out in about 7 min.
5 Stopped by this place as I was headed home and yelped it. Great reviews, so I went ahead and used the coupon. Alex was a super nice guy and very professional. Had me done in a few minutes. will definitely come back next year. Check them out!
5 Normally I just go to whatever smog station that is near by and some asschode will come out and will be a prick. I don't know if smog stations suck the soul out of the owners, but this place I'm a fan of.  I talked to the owner I assume his name is Alex since it was mentioned in the previous review (after finding this place on yelp).  He's just a regular nice guy who you can start a bromance with if your into that kind of thing (har har), you mention yelp and get a coupon for the place, it's fairly cheap anyways so the price is reasonable.  This isn't your stereotypical smog station where  they try to rip you off at any moment. This smog station is fast and cheap.  I actually had my test "rejected" (not failed), he told me they don't charge for rejections.  Saving me money one good deed at a time.  I recommend this place if you are in the area.
5 Quick, courteous service at a great price!
5 Went to get my smog check done today and was impressed with the service. The guy there is really nice and his price is good. I was in and out in no time.
5 Went here after finding it on yelp and it was everything people said. Cheap, Fast and friendly. Wish i could say the same about the DMV!, I Live in the far south anthem area but made the trip to this place. Id rather support a local business than those huge chains.
5 Located at the corner of Pecos and Russell adjacent to the Sinclair gas station, don't be scared of this lemonade stand-appearing station since it's no frills in the very best sense.  I've tried to get my smog check elsewhere only to be met with either rudeness over the phone or to be told they don't have time or their smog check guy is not available since they're busy dealing with other services (I'm talking to you, Jiffy Smog).  This is THE place to get your smog check if you're in the Henderson/Anthem area.  Service was fast, friendly, and efficient, price is as reasonable as I've seen elsewhere ($18.99 minus $2 for checking in on Yelp!), no charge for test rejections, and best of all, OPEN ON SUNDAYS from 9-3PM.   Go-green or go home!
5 the guy is great - quick and fast and really cheap.... AND he allows free retests if a fail occurs. My trucks diagnostics system had been reset and was not yet responding to the OBD but he advised me on how to correct it and let me come back later for a free retest. Also gave me some good advise on registering the new out of state vehicle.
5 5 stars all the way. Fast, friendly, and affordable. I bought a used truck for an amazing price. The boyfriend fixed it up and needed to get the smog done before registering the truck at the DMV  There's a certain stigma associated with smog check stations. the expectation that they will find something wrong with your car and charge you an arm and a leg. Not with Alex, he seemed like a trustworthy guy.   You can find go green smog on the corner of (Pecos and Russell) in the Sinclair gas station. The smog station can easily be missed so keep an eye out for it on the north east corner. Mention yelp and hell hook you up with an even better price $16.99. If you need a smog check go to " Go Green Smog"   Thanks again to YELP for saving the day otherwise i wouldn't have found this place.
5 Not much that needs to be said other than easy as pie! I was in and out in less that five minutes. I didn't even have time to make a phone call as I had planned. So if you're in a rush, these guys will keep you moving.
5 My first visit here and it was great. Their system was down for a few days (these things happen) and due to this inconvenience, my check the following day was only $15. Can't beat that for keeping the customer happy. Very fast and friendly service and even answered some of my stupid questions as I am a n00b at the whole smog check thing. My new smog check station for sure!!
5 I was seriously in and out in less than 5 minutes. Definitely recommend this place, don't forget to check in for $2 off!
5 Very nice guy running the smog check station. Very fast!!! I will be back!!! Thanks for the $2 off coupon!!! I have a second vehicle to register soon. I will be bringing it to Go-Green Smog.
5 Cheap, quick, and easy! One of the cheapest in town with the $2 off check in... Definitely coming back next time...
5 Fast & friendly service with a smile. Throw in the $2 off Yelp check-in offer and I am one happy guy! Highly recommended!
5 Hands down best place in Vegas for a smog. Not only was it fast, but the awesome guy who did my smog held true to the 2 dollar off deal. (just by saying you found them on Yelp)  Plus if I would have failed he said they will re-test for free... and last year Jiffy charged me 23 bucks TWICE!
5 Friendly service, quick. The smog check tech chatted me up while I waited the whole three minutes the service took to finish. Plus they're open on Sundays! I'll be back next year...
5 Quick fast and easy price is great 18.99 plus 2.00 coupon for yelp check in. Easy as it comes you get in and out not much to it. I've been to a few trying to hustle me but these guys don't and are great!
5 What a nice guy doing my smog check! Less than 5 minutes! I'll go back for sure :D
5 Quick, painless easy. Probably like 5 minutes. Yelp check-in for $2 off is still recognized and before I could even ask the dude if he was gonna send my smog results into DMV he said that it was already on the way!   Good sh!+.
5 Quick! Easy! Super fast! Super friendly!  And you CANNOT beat $16.99 with the Yelp coupon for $2.00 off! Great deal! Will definitely recommend them to others!
1 It's rare to find a smog test station on a Sunday. I had to google for one and found this place on yelp. Hate to give this company a bad rating and even for my first.  Seeing from the reviews I been reading.This company prizes on yelp check-ins. I was excited to find a station open on Sunday and so close to my house I rushed right over. I arrived at this location between 1-2 in the afternoon on sunday 22 dec.The door was close and bar was up with lock. No explanation why they were close. No note or message when I called the building. Walked up to gas station and they didn't even know why they were close. So sat there to the company a half an hour to return thinking they may have gone out for lunch or something. In that time I looked for another place that was open on a Sunday and found place at buggy car wash on warm springs. Had to pay full price , so yeah I was pissed.  A suggestion for company: please post an explanation in the window if you not going to be there during business hours. If it's a short time, maybe a " back in ?? Min" sign.  Also add an explanation for callers so they don't have to make the drive.
5 Literally passed & was out of here in less than 5 minutes!! Seriously can't beat the price like all the other yelpers below! Worth the drive for this awesome deal & service! :)
5 I parked and not even 5 minutes later I was leaving! Absolutely the quickest smog I have ever received. Friendly guy, didn't get his name. Mention yelp and get $2 off!   $2 helps those high registration fees! Will definitely be back and have recommended this place to others.
5 Quick, cheap and friendly. I was done in less  than 5 minutes. Mention yelp and get a couple bucks off.  I'll be using them from now on.
5 I had a smog check done first thing yesterday morning and I couldn't be happier. As the other reviewers stated it was super FAST. Honestly it had to be less than five minutes. My technician, don't know his name but he had a toadstool tattoo, was friendly and best of all fast. The place I usually take my car quoted me double the price of this place. Save yourself money and hassle and just go here.
5 easiest smog check experience ever.  Pull up, park car, show him yelp check in for $2 discount, finish in 3 min, pay, then leave.  the fact he was open on Sunday was icing on the cake.  For the price and service, by far will be coming back here again for smog checks.
5 Great service! In and out in no time. Highly recommended.
5 Great place to get a smog check for your vehicle.  I came here on  a Tuesday at 4:30 pm.  I was done in less than 3 minutes.  I mentioned that I saw them on Yelp and got the $2.00 discount, making the cost of the smog check $16.99.  I had Luis do my inspection and he was great... very fast and very pleasant.  This is my new go to place for smog checks from now on.
5 I pulled up playing "Picture me rollin" by 2Pac on Wednesday 4-23-14. The attendant quickly came out, said hello, and he asked me how my day was. Already the best smog attendant I've had.   I had no waiting for other cars. I got to pull right up next to the office. I stood and drank water out of my water container, with my shades on. In about 2 to 3 minutes I was told that'll be $18.99. I told the attendant I saw this place on Yelp. He said that'll be $16.99.   Because of the ease of use of this service, I told the attendant "Here's $20. Hope you guys do well and stay in business. Hope to see you guys next year." He said thanks, and I was backing out playing "Picture me rollin" in no time with my pass certificate.  Smog Hut and Jiffy Smog, hope I never have to use you guys ever again. You guys know how you get down. You could learn a lot from this place. This place should get all of Clark County's DMV smog business. Yes, they're just that good. I won't say what I've been through from other smog businesses, but I didn't have to go through that BS here.   This divorced father of 3, and a veteran of the US Army too might I add, highly recommends this business. Now that's good customer service! I drove all the way from Rancho/Lake Mead to try this place. I was not disappointed. Keep on doing what you do guys. You're great.
5 Super nice and was in and out of there crazy fast. Checked in and used that coupon of course. Highly recommended.
5 Sometimes I don't trust all the reviews on yelp, thinking it might be bias from relatives, or employees of the place. But everything good that was said before me about this place is true. I won't repeat, I'll just say, I agree :)
5 This was my first smog check in a new vehicle, so I was used to this taking forever. I had prepared myself to leave hot and sweaty and annoyed. Here's what happened instead.  Pulled up. Super friendly guy walked out. I talked to him about the Yelp reviews I'd seen. He reminded me of the $2 check-in coupon. By the time I pulled up the coupon, he said "Ok you're good to go." "Wait, what?" He laughed and said technology has made this much faster for newer vehicles. I get that. But ONE MINUTE. It took ONE EFFING MINUTE. I asked him how long before DMV gets that info so I can renew my registration. He said "Oh that's instant. You can renew right now."  Amazing. Instant and friendly service. AND a Yelp discount.
5 In and out in just a few minutes. As others here said, $2 off for mentioning Yelp. Easy, and the guy was friendly.
5 Great friendly service. Quick came to this location based on these yelp reviews. I would definitely return to this smog stop $16.99 when you mention yelp ad. Took 1minute
5 I drove across town to check out Go-Green for my emissions test. The experience I had at a different vendor the prior year was not that great. At Go-Green, the service was prompt and friendly. The location is easy to find, and any questions I had were answered. Also, the two dollar discount was applied to my order, which made this an economical choice, too. Highly recommended.
5 This is the quickest smog place I have been to, in and out in less than five minutes. The guy was friendly and he even offered a free water bottle. In this heat, that was a life saver.   The other five star reviews are well deserved. If you are looking for fast, friendly and a good deal, come to this place.
