4 Yet another unplanned stop off on the way to a movie but in my opinion well worth it!  Nacho Fiesta serve a mexican/italian fusion and ok both have very similar ingredients but still it can be a tricky one to pull off but I have to say they have done it!  Staff are very polite and attentive, we were seated almost immediately and drinks came within minutes of ordering.    I ordered the sloppy Jose's Taco Chicken and I have to say it was messy to eat but tasted fantastic!  The chicken was done perfectly and the level of spice involved allowed me to enjoy the heat without spontaneously combusting in my chair!  Dessert was incredible and HUGE!  The mexican profiterole (I admit I had no idea what to expect) was enormous but for someone who is a profiterole fan I loved it!  So whether you are out for a meal or just stopping in before (or after) a movie I would highly recommend this place!  Enjoy!
2 Feeling lazy I went here for Sunday dinner, but was pretty disappointed.  Now I looove Mexican food and I thought a restaurant specialising in Mexican food would have got it right, but the food was pretty dry and tasteless.  Everything seemed to taste the same too!?   Staff were lovely though, really helpful and funny!  So we left a nice tip, but only for their efforts, not the food.  Decor was clean and contemporary and you had a view through to the kitchen, which I always like.    Went for nachos starter to share, actually this was ok, if a bit dry, probably the best part of the meal, but you can't really go wrong on nachos - can you?  For mains we took the 9 layer tequila challenge!!  This is 9 tortilla wraps stacked on top of one another with even thinner (!) layers of refried beans, chicken, guacamole and finally melted cheese on top.  Then there was a shot of tequila sunk into the middle of the tortilla stack, to wash it all down with!  Ok, so it was the tequila that sold us on this main course and the "WE DARE YOU!" statement in the menu that got us excited!  But is was basically a mound of bready tortilla's with very little in between.  Only managed to eat a quarter of the hugemongous floury pie, just full up on carbs!   Still, the red wine, tequila and staff were lovely, but I think I'll just stay at home and order an Indian next time!
4 We bought a Living Social voucher for only £7 for a nacho starter and two mains and, after seeing Nacho Fiesta as we were going to the cinema next door, we were excited to come here. The place is large and well-kept, but it does feel like a chain restaurant. When I called to make reservations to use the deal, the staff member I spoke with wasn't very friendly but, upon arrival, we had many perhaps overly helpful staff. The first woman seated us and took our voucher, the next man came for our drink order, the next woman came to ask us again about drinks even though we had already ordered some, and then we ordered with another woman. The chicken nachos came out quickly for our starter and were pretty great!  The mains came in a timely manner and were a bit stunning. I ordered the sea bass cooked fajita-style and served on top of plentiful onions and peppers, with curly fries on the side. My boyfriend had taken up the dare to try the nine layer Mexican pie - it was indeed something to behold! It was absolutely gigantic and had nine layers of full-sized tortillas piled on top of each other with thin layers of retried beans, chicken, guacamole, and even some green chillies inside and all topped with cheese. I was gigantic, both wide and tall! My sea bass was really good and the vegetables were excellent. I'd say the nine layer pie was a monstrosity that wowed by sight but not by taste and was very bready with all of the tortillas and could have done with fewer layers that were more flavourful. Also, they had a good drink selection and the margaritas for only £2.95 were excellent considering that many other places in Edinburgh would charge double that for the same thing.  Overall the staff were fine and attentive and the food was really good and better than I expected. On Mondays all food is 50% off all day, which makes for a great dinner and movie date night at very good prices.
3 A chainy feeling Large staff with nothing to do The food redeems it
