4 Had these chocolates at the Indulge LA event and tried a variety of their signature chocolates including such flavors as Organic Vanilla, Crunchy Hazelnut Praline and Salty Caramel. Really dense textures and strong flavors. At around two bucks a chocolate, it's not cheap but it's really worth it.
4 I very fortunate to have chocolates from Jean-Marie Auboine Chocolatier for two consecutive days! His selections definitely have something for everyone.  Big fan of his bonbons as well as his nougat. If you wanna learn from the pros, you can also sign up for his chocolate classes which are also very popular.  This is definitely one of the top chocolatiers in town. Get some!!!! ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(326/365) "Definitely A Chocolholic's Dream"
5 I saw the salted chocolate caramels mentioned in the New York Times as being one of the best in the country.  I ordered three boxes as gifts for my family for Valentine's Day. They went crazy when they bit into them!  They're the best chocolates EVER, and worth every penny.  You don't even need to look anywhere else, buy them now!!
5 Delicious salted caramels! Read about them in the NY Times. :)
5 In Good Will Hunting, perhaps one of the most iconic scenes is when Matt Damon's namesake character verbally schools the ponytailed Harvard douchebag to help Ben Affleck save face and subsequently gets Minnie Driver's phone number.  However, I think perhaps what truly won her over was the exchange which followed immediately afterwards when he turns down her offer to have coffee and to just get together and eat a bunch of caramels.  Perhaps the caramels he had in mind came from Jean-Marie Auboine Chocolatier.  Thanks to Amanda M.'s review, I became aware of this little treasure tucked between some warehouse buildings near the Orleans Casino where you'd drive right past it thinking it was some sterile office suite if you didn't know it.  Inside there's a lobby with some catalogs and there's a tiny room with a few artisan chocolates, strawberry-vanilla marshmallow rolls, and other confections on display.  A young lady greeted me with an irresistible French accent and offered a generous set of artisan chocolates to sample including raspberry/jasmine tea, coffee/mascarpone cream,  and their now famous dark chocolate double sea salt caramels recently posted in the New York Times as one of the top 10 caramels in the country!  (http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/06/dining/the-best-in-the-box-chocolate-covered-salted-caramels-for-valentines-day.html?_r=0)    Smooth silky dark chocolate draped over the most perfect bite of caramel in an exquisite balance between salty and sweet, the lingering finish transcends the already blissful moment when the two flavors are enmeshed together with each bite.  For me, the test of a good bite versus a great bite of food is when it elicits emotion, and I found myself repeatedly cracking a smile with each subsequent morsel of the various confections layered with multiple progressions in distinct textures and flavors as it swirled on the tongue.  The man behind the cocoa wizardry, Jean-Marie Auboine, came out to ask what I thought and he couldn't have been more gracious and mentioned they use the showroom facility as a workshop and even offer classes for food enthusiasts and professionals alike in the evenings.    While there may be several good bites of chocolate across town, this here is a great bite and granted they do not come cheap ($35 for box of 18), those salted caramels will be sure to leave a delectable impression on any girl's heart.
5 I was lucky enough to score a sample bag of 8 delicious caramels! The flavors include, vanilla, coffee and raspberry.  These are some of the best candies ever, smooth, creamy, just amazing! The shop is located near the Orleans- www.jmauboinechocolates.com Try some soon!
5 Today I met the friendliest chocolatier in town along with his shopkeeper. She had me sampled three delicious pieces of chocolate including his famous salted caramel. Since I'm buying this for a chocolate lover friend, I settled for a box of assortment instead of a box full of salted caramels. In a month he will have an 8-pc salted caramel box instead of the usual 16-pc box, which is a bit much if you've never tried it before. As I was walking out the door, he gave me a chocolate marshmallow teddy bear. Mr. Jean-Marie Auboine sure knows how to make a girl happy!   I'm definitely coming back for a small box of salted caramels!
5 Jean Marie Auboine is simply the finest Chocolatier in America. Not only are his products top shelf anywhere in the world, but his whole operation itself, from the people, the products, the packaging and the service are world class. I manage two very large casino operations and I buy various products that JMA chocolates manufactures. I continually receive nothing but rave reviews as to their taste, freshness and presentation.   I have known Jean Marie and worked with him monthly for the better part of two years now and with every experience, I continue to marvel at his professionalism, knowledge and humility about his skills. I consider it an honor to have had the ability to learn from him monthly for the past two years and his professional classes have simply made all the difference in my becoming a very skilled professional and elevating my game to new and unforeseen heights. I attend professional classes at the facility monthly and with each experience gain invaluable training and new technical knowledge. Having just returned from a weekend class with Jean Marie and Frederick Hawecker MOF, I can attest to the fact that the classes continue to get better with each new chef and whether you are a professional or an enthusiast, you should not miss these opportunities to hone your professional skills in these classes. Class sizes are small and therefore you get the attention to detail and hands on training that is so often not available anywhere else.   I urge anyone whether professional or enthusiast to enroll in these classes to gain further knowledge from the best pastry chefs/chocolatiers the world has to offer.
5 They are the best chocolates ever! The texture is delicate and very fine. Are perfectly well made and the taste and presentation are incomparable. I love them. I recommend it to everyone.
5 I am the Catering Sales Manager for Charlie Palmer Steak at The Four Seasons Las Vegas. Press, the new coffee/pastry/cocktail bar carries Jean-Marie's Honey Nougat with Pistachios...I have been eating two a day since I discovered them! Absolute magic... heading down the hall for another as soon as I post this! The best nougat ever - including my travels all over Europe!
5 All ganaches, flavor combination, texture, presentation screams perfection. It's worth every penny. It shows that the man behind them is a real expert. Bought a couple of boxes as presents. Wish they would ship. They are pricey but well worth it. They are very high quality. The lady who helped me was also very friendly and sweet. Why they don't have a retail shops in one of the hotels, I don't know. Amazing stuff!
4 Auboine normally sells wholesale, so this place is tucked away into a chocolate warehouse, with a small showroom for retail.   I do these reddit trades on r/cigars and this months theme is chocolate. I've been wanting to go to this place, and now was a perfect excuse to make a special trip here.   I ended up with :   18 pc  double salted chewy caramel chocolates - voted as one of the best caramels in the US, and definitely did not disappoint. I dislike when something is said to be salted caramel and isn't actually salty. This was salty, rich, and sweet in harmony.   Salted vanilla caramels - this tube of plain caramel chews are amazing. It's a different texture than the chocolate covered caramels, this one is light like air and nice specks of vanilla bean throughout. Amazing.   3 chocolate bars - White chocolate with crunch which was a solid white chocolate, not saccharine like some and creamy. Bitter chocolate with crunch is rather nice too. I like the crunchies in both as it's like a rice crisp rolled into pearls. We also got a 62% Alto del Peru which has a very distinct chocolate fragrance I find so attractive about it.   While there they had samples out of 5 different treats. Don't mind if I do! All were fruit and chocolate themed and one that was a red bon bon that looked like half a macaron was lovely as it was almost like a fruity tea filling.   So it's not exactly cheap chocolate, but it shows in quality too.. I've had many good chocolates that I like fine, but aren't worth their high price and I think this actually does. The best way to describe the Auboine difference is that it perfects delicate texture. There's is a lightness in the texture that I highly like as it lets the richness of the chocolate speak for itself and makes me keep coming back. Take advantage of the $25 for $50 Yelp Deal or groupons that have popped up. Well worth it.   This is the type of place that if you need a sweet gift, it's going to impress even the biggest of chocolate and sweet fiends. I will most definitely be back, mostly for those wrapped caramels as they are divine.
5 What an incredible delicacy of chocolates like I have never tasted in my life before. It was truly like having heaven in my mouth. I was first honored with their chocolate at American Heart Association fundraising event downtown almost 2 years ago. Since then I have been completely addicted to their chocolate and I am NOT a chocolate lover at all, but I cannot express with words how my taste buds are spoiled over and over again from the shop! I highly recommend anybody who really wants to taste the true meaning of chocolate to visit the store! you will never go back to anything else.
