5 When I first found out I was pregnant a friend suggested I call Care Net to talk to someone about my options. Every person I encountered genuinely wanted to help me. I felt supported and free to discuss my feelings, I walked away with tons of information about resources available to me. I felt so welcomed and cared for during all of my visits.    I also recommend the free birthing classes they offer (they are GREAT and you can earn "Care Bucks" which allow for you to purchase baby essentials). Care Net is a great resource and I would recommend it to anyone!
1 DO NOT GO HERE! We are a college educated couple, great careers, late twenties, who are so excited to become parents- went here to see how far along I am while we researched OBs in the area. Staff are nice on the phone but once you get in the door - watch out.   Incredibly rude, they don't even look you in the eye. Tons of paper work for a free clinic doing minimal testing procedures and extremely invasive questions. There wasn't a real doctor here at all, the place was empty except for us, and three staff members.   They had me do a urine test even though I didn't come to confirm my pregnancy- the cup wasn't even labeled with patient information like a normal lab, it was just a plain plastic cup...There were magazines on the floor in the hallway, dead flowers in the lobby, old dirty mismatched couches and chairs, and the whole place felt very illegitimate.   I met with one lady who asked me a million invasive questions (never congratulated me on being pregnant either like any doctor or nurse would)... She said she was going out to bring my fiancé in then came back and said the nurse will see me now.. Okay.. Where's my fiancé? So I met with a "nurse". I don't even believe this women truly was a nurse given her consistent ignorance of anything I said.. She didn't even know what a chemical pregnancy was when I asked her about them!! My fiancé describes her as the ice woman- she barely spoke to us, looked at us, or explained anything. These people wasted two and a half hours of our time and in the end they said "sorry, we can't tell how far along you are". Seriously? You can't tell? Isn't this your job? They also put a condom over the ultra sound wand.. And secured it with a rubber band. Yes, a rubber band... Does that sound like a sterile medical environment to you? The "nurse" made some comment about my uterus to another "nurse" and when I asked what it meant they both ignored me, as though I hadn't said anything. My fiancé was getting so angry at how they were treating us he was ready to yell at them by the time the ultrasound was over, but that wouldn't do any good. These people are ignorant and entitled (for no obvious reason).   I honestly don't think this is even a legitimate clinic and the poster before me is right, this is definitely a crisis pregnancy center. They treated us as if we were some scumbags off the street! We are college educated upstanding working individuals welcoming our first baby into the world... That's something to celebrate and be proud of!! ... And we were very friendly to them the whole time... Even though they were being horrible to us. Please do yourself a favor and find a real clinic with real doctors. This place is free for a reason.  -I only gave one star because it didn't let me give zero. Also, the fact that the business responded to the one negative poster on here is very very bad from a PR Perspective... They would know not to say anything to negative press if they were a legitimate business. Saying something as a business makes them look desperate and defensive, as though they have something to hide.
