5 I use this Hallmark location as my go-to Post Office. There are usually two windows open to help ship packages, but there is a third one that the staff doesn't hesitate to open when the line gets long enough. This is greatly appreciated! There is nothing worse than standing in a long line with an unopened window that can be manned by an extra employee that customers are starring at, annoyed. Five stars for that fact alone. In addition to multiple windows, the staff is super, super fast and this location is open for a few hours on Sunday! Love it!  The Hallmark store itself is filled with tons of cards and knickknacks to peruse. Everything from jewelry to coffee mugs and the staff is always friendly.
5 Horrible location, but well worth it.  Service here is friendly and there are a great many selections for hallmark cards and other hallmark items.  I do like the convenience of the post office inside which is better than the one on Greenway. It is in a horrible location and in corner and behind the Yogurt Mart but there are enough people in the neighborhood to use this location.  It seems pretty busy during the day.  I agree with Tasia T.  Great customer service.  Good selection on cards.  Don't go to the Walgreens for cards, because their selection seems to be limited to people who do not like to read.
5 Can you say FAST....FAST.....FAST service.....I mean this place is awesome if you have packages to mail. They have a great system here......clerk takes your order.....takes your money....places the package on a table.....end of transaction. They have a separate group of workers that take care of any packages and drops the mail into there corresponding bags to be picked up at the designated time. NO lines....NO hassle....NO frills.....only Thrills.....wohoooo!!!!! The United States Post Office could learn a thing or to from this awesome and efficient staff......just wish my P.O. Box was located here now.....might have to make a change now that I am writing this.....LOL. If your looking for quality, fast, and efficient service to just simply mail a package and not be in line for an hour.....head on over to Karen's Hallmark Gold Crown. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4 I have to admit that I do not do a lot of shopping at this location, the fact that it also has a USPS outlet is the reason I go.  Even with that, they staff is always friendly and they do not seem to mind the traffic generated by the Post office.
5 Very friendly staff. The 5 stars are for my experience with the post office located within the store. The staff there is friendly and they never rush you despite the lines they sometimes have. I work nearby and love being able to quickly drop a piece of mail. I can't vouch for the Hallmark store itself which to be honest is full of knick knacks but I definitely think the postal staff here beats any post office you can find in Phoenix.
