2 Dr. Lillo has always been very kind to me when I've been in his office. However, it is almost impossible to get a call back from him or his assistants. The message says not to leave multiple messages but what can you do if no one is returning your calls over several days or weeks.  I have a co worker that I referred to Dr. Lillo because as I said he is a nice doctor but my coworker is having the same trouble I am. No one calls him back. He's had test results in for over a month. He's contacted and confirmed with the lab that the results have been sent to Dr Lillo's office many times over and he has called and left a number of messages requesting a call back but has not heard from them.    Nice isn't enough. I won't be recommending Dr. Lillo again.
5 Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.  Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.  Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.  Dr. Athalye is a great doctor. He is quick but hears you out. Always takes care of the issue and I never have a problem. Been my primary doctor for 4 years now. I will continue to see him.
5 On the hunt for a new Doctor (when my doctor up and retired and the new practice didn't take my insurance) and where to do I turn to - Yelp!  I've seen Dr. Lillo now twice this month. The nurses are very friendly and Dr Lillo has been fantastic thus far.  :)  First visit - get new scripts before this plan year runs out and my rx benefits change.  I was out of refills anyway. I mention to Dr Lillo that J hates that I snore like a freight train.  Dr. Lillo looks up my nose - Severe blockage - 70% and states that my throat is very small.  Has some suspicions, gives me some allergy nasal meds to try out for a few weeks and wants me to come in at the beginning of the year for a full workup.  Preventative is covered 100%, so why not.  I schedule my appointment.   Second visit - I screw up my shoulder/arm this past Monday at class.  I mess it up so bad that I thought J was going to have to rush me to the ER I was in that much pain.  I gutted it out though and scheduled an appointment to see Lillo Tuesday morning.  He checks things out and sends me downstairs for an xray.  Said that due to the holiday it would probably be a few days before they got the results back.    Fast forward to this morning - I get a phone call at 0645.  I answer thinking it's Little C's daycare.  Nope.  It's Dr. Lillo!  What doctor calls to tell you personally your lab/imaging results?!  He said for me to continue taking the meds he prescribed and that we'll reevaluate when I go in in 10 days for my workup (if I need an MRI, etc)  Here's hoping everything resolves itself.  (only thing that sucks is that my deductible starts over Jan 1...stupid me getting hurt at the end of the year.  DOH!)
