4 I have taken advantage of this here print center at the ole Officemax quite a bit. So I reckon I should write a few kind words about their establishment.  Heres the deal. Home printers, more or less, suck pack mule marbles. And in this digital media format day, having a physical picture that is not projected on a monitor is as rare as (insert your own analogy here). So when i need to turn one of my captured digital images into ink on paper, I go to the aforementioned buisness and they are more then happy to accomodate my needs. Never costs more then the change in my drink holders, and they even have these slicing tools to use to crop your paper after the image gets branded unto her.  My only complaint about this place is that a couple of instances I have went there to have them print out some large projects of mine and their printer they use to accomplish these big tasks is out of order. This has been on more then one occasion. That made me a bit perturbed, but was soon over it cause being butthurt over stuff is lame and not my thing.
5 Helped my department at work a lot and mostly from out of state via email and phone. Ordered some foam core posters and custom size print pieces.   When we physically got to Arizona to pick up our order, the only snag was they lost my work order and it took quite some time looking for it when I was in a hurry to get to a work conference that we needed the posters for.
1 I ordered biz cards from here thinking the total was going to be $140.  When I was called to be asked for approval for a $40 art fee, thought I should double check with them again what my total would be.  They told me $240.  I cancelled the order.  I ordered some simple 1/4 page cards to be cut by them for $2.00 cut fee and .25¢ per page copy @ 50 copies.  when I went to pick up the order I was expecting to pay about $15 total.  They told me I owed them $40.  I will never set foot in this OfficeMax again.  I thought I would get service like I got in the Minneapolis OfficeMax which was always great.  What rude experience this has been for me in Scottsdale.
5 I work for a business that just opened a few months ago so I had A LOT of things to print. I priced shopped all around Scottsdale and office max was by far the cheapest, quickest and easiest to work with for all my printing jobs! Ex. I needed 150 folders with our logo printed on front and back every other company told me it would be at least 10 days and pretty pricy. Office max had them done for me the next morning and $1 less per folder than everywhere else.   I don't even bother price shopping anymore I go straight here! Thanks for all your help!
1 The printing center is pretty computer illiterate. I ended up having to take control of the computer myself because the dude (Ramon) had no idea how to adjust the size when printing a picture. THEY made a mistake when printing it the first time and made me pay for it. Very unhappy with their service and lack of knowledge in their jobs.
