5 I love the Gaslight inn!  When I lived in Glendale, I would come here for coffee, tea, lunch, wine, and jazz.  No matter what time of the day, there is a good reason to stop in to this Old Town Glendale gem.
1 Sorry, this business closed over a year ago...  http://www.glendalestar.com/news/article_54e6fa3e-0ff8-597b-aa7d-3b37eb3d16fe.html
5 wow. i can't believe this place closed up shop.  i wish there were more places like this in this town
5 New owners just bought the place and we were given a private tour last night, prices seem really reasonable and it was hopping for the new grand opening! highly recommend it as place to check out now! and the new rooms look fabulous! We ended our tour at the cute little wine bar! Enjoyed a glass of wine and then we toodled on out to the Glendale Glitters! Good Luck GTO Gaslight Inn!
5 Same owners as Old Towne Glendale Wine and Beer Bar.  I will be reserving the entire B&B for the night of our wedding, and I can not wait!  Everyone here is so nice, and the remodel is amazing.  Every room of this 10 Room B&B is fantastically furnished with antiques, and has their own restroom.  The building itself if magnificent.  I really think these guys are going to capture a great audience!
4 Overall, 5 stars for the building and rooms (at least the Honeymoon Suite) 4 stars for the running of the business  Wife and I stayed here for a Honeymoon getaway weekend / Spring Training trip (her idea to go to spring training - yes, one of the reasons I married her:-) We reserved the Honeymoon Suite - simple enough to book and the owners allowed us to stay only one night instead of the two-night minimum stated on the website (thank you!!). The room was GORGEOUS!! Take a look at the pictures on the website - they definitely capture the beauty. The building and room are in great shape for being a century old. Beautifully restored and looked after. However, there were some oddities in our room. Along with amazing furniture, fixtures, hardwood floor, you'll also find very generic toilets, mirrors, appliances and kitchen cabinets. Those surely didn't detract from the overall flair of the room, just found it a bit odd. We came in after business hours and via signage made our way to the attached bar to find Chad(?). He took time out from his customers at the bar to get our paperwork completed, show us around the room and to the surprise of my new wife, prepared a nice bottle of bubbly and two flutes in the room for us (this was worked out in advance, doesn't come with the Honeymoon Suite). We thoroughly enjoyed the room and the rest of the Inn that evening - spent a little time on the yet-to-be-finished 2nd floor deck, in the bar and perusing the artwork on display in the lobby and side-room. Our biggest beef with the stay was with breakfast in the morning. I believe breakfast is served from 8-10. We came downstairs around 9:20, looking forward to feasting on the smells that had been coming up from the kitchen since early in the morning. Unfortunately, there was very limited options for us. I guess we got there too late. No more eggs, not much fresh fruit and only pork products available in the heating trays. It's not their fault we don't eat pork, but it would be great to have some alternative protein options for those that don't eat pork. The very nice gentleman working the breakfast buffet (Scott?) graciously made us a yogurt power breakfast and I toasted the last plain bagel to round out a decent meal. The overnight 'management' made a big mistake on my credit card bill because of the champagne and hopefully that has been corrected, but I still have to double-check that. Overall, you can tell that the new ownership (since Nov 2011) is still getting things in place. The guys on the front line are terrific, make sure you keep them and make them happy. If this place is to succeed, you will need strong people to manage and run it.
5 We just had the best time at the Gas Light Inn... we spent two very restful nights in our "Presidential Suite"; ate more than enough at breakfast, and were happy to be among the first to enjoy the OTG patio!  The staff were very friendly- and our hosts were just the best- making sure all details for a guest's stay were taken care of.  We truly enjoyed the historic neighborhood and also other sites in Phoenix- while taking in a Padres game (which is why we came in the first place).  Location is GREAT and we highly recommend you make plans to stay at the Gas Light Inn.  We'll be back as we want to enjoy the live entertainment as well as continue to see the enhancements of the Inn that are being planned.  Thanks again to Teresa and Pete- your Bonita guests- Tom and Linda
1 CLOSED AGAIN!  Drove all the way out there to see Delphine Cortez who was supposed to perform tonight only to find the place dark and shuttered!  At least have the courtesty to pull down your website!
5 Great place to stay when visiting relatives!  Rather than stay with my sister while visiting last week,  I decided to stay the 3 nights somewhere close to her and  this was the closest  and very reasonable.  It is in  Old Towne Glendale near shops, antiques, great food, and the Inn  was perfect and created a wonderful experience for my visit - not something I expected.    A few items specifically: extremely reasonable rates, which includes a full breakfast; very clean and well maintained; excellent service by the staff; Teresa, one of the owners was extremely hospitable; the bed and pillows were very comfortable and good quality (important to me!); the breakfast was made to order with 3 selections to choose from each morning; next door is the OTG Wine Bar (owned by the same), which was great to stop in and enjoy a glass of wine after visiting the family and before turning in.  I was traveling alone and felt very safe (the inn-keeper is on premises all night).   I had a delightful visit - saw family during the day, and had some privacy and explored the area in the mornings and evenings.  I'd recommend this Inn highly if you want a unique experience.  I tire of sterile (and far more expensive), chain hotels and really enjoyed the individual personality of the Gas Light Inn.   I stayed downstairs in one of the lesser expensive rooms, but after Teresa showed me the upstairs suites and rooms, I would absolutely opt for upstairs and a little more money (not a lot though) next time.  The downstairs back room I stayed in (The Gala) was well furnished (all  rooms with antiques), and was quiet on the alley, but because of being on the alley don't really have a window (a glass block windoes does create some light but maintains privacy).  The upstairs rooms had windows, were more spacious and beautifully furnished.  Frequently website pictures look better than the real thing - I actually found the reverse here.  I think the rooms (including mine), look better than the pictures portray.  I'll absolutely be back here when I visit my sister again and could see it also as a great place to stay for Spring Training.
5 Our wedding was last weekend and what an amazing event.  Gas Light Inn made it perfect for our guests.  They all had a great night sleep with the top of the line bed, the gourmet breakfasts that come with the rooms and old town feel.  We were able to get some much needed time with all the family members that I have not seen in many years. They were so kind to be able to give us enough room to spread out and meet and greet everyone.    I will have to say the honeymoon suite was the best.  The room was GORGEOUS!! It was romantic, roomy and had a perfect view of Glendale glitters. Beautifully restored and looked after.  It has amazing furniture, fixtures, hardwood floor.  It also has His and Her toilets, mirrors, appliances and a kitchen. My husband and I plan to make it a tradition to come back every year.  Thank you for making this event so special to the us!    We found this place through our wedding planner and what a find.  We first saw it late in July one night.  We met Chad in the bar and he was so kind to give us a grand tour.  I fell in love right there.  I got chills because it was too perfect for words.  We got to see all rooms and hear the ghost story of room 111.  It had history and character and I knew my guest would love it too.
5 We recently stayed at the Gaslight Inn for a High Tea Bridal Shower that my mom and I hosted. The High Tea event that the Inn organized was the perfect bridal shower. The food and beverages were excellent and the woman who organized the tea knew what she was doing. I don't have a single complaint about it. If you are hosting an event like a bridal shower, look into this place. We also stayed at the Inn while in Glendale area, and the rooms were very comfortable, nice looking, and reasonably priced. The owner of the Gaslight Inn, Teresa, is great to work with and very friendly. I will definitely be back!
5 Great inn! My friends wedding party filled all 10 rooms, service is awesome, beds are super comfy and real thick bath towels. Their little wine bar is amazing, and their breakfast is homemade goodness.
4 Fabulous place to stay! Definitely a fan, the room was so spacious, the website did not do it justice at all.  Was charming with all the antiques & has a quaint, unfinished look.  Breakfast was good.
5 At Glendale glitters stopped in for hot chocolate at this hidden gem and  such an amazing place the staff is friendly outgoing food excellent and reasonably priced. Took you'd of the rooms really beautiful and fair priced . So if your in downtown Glendale stop on in and see a historic beautiful inn and have a drink and enjoy the wonderful atmosphere and friendly folks and a warm meal you won't regret it
3 I had lunch here with a group of friends recently. The rooms at the inn are charming and worth taking the tour. The food was . . . ok . . . good enough to go again if I'm in the area, but not a place I'll make a special trip to Glendale for. I had the barbecue pork sandwich which was good. My friend had the quesadilla and it looked delicious. I was disappointed when my sandwich came with chips - and it was a bag of potato chips you can get at the store.
