4 Very solid new restaurant  in the location once occupied by Streets of New York. Went one night and had takeout appetizers the second night and look forward to the new addition. Pizza was excellent, anchored by a great sauce. Would have liked the crust a little more crisp, but still a very good pizza. My wife wanted mozzarella sticks and not much you can do to make them better or worse than anyplace else. Their bread is amazing. A small loaf sliced and delivered in a basket. Still warm and tasted fresh out of the oven. The second night we ordered takeout and the first item was the garlic knots with marinara sauce. Tasty, not great, but good. We also ordered the Italian Platter which was an appetizer with assorted meats, mozzarella, artichokes and roasted red peppers. This I probably wouldn't get again as I thought it was overpriced and paled in comparison to similar plates at other restaurants we frequent. The final item we ordered was the Caesar Salad and the dressing was perfect. For a simple salad, so many places can't nail the dressing, but it is a standout here.  Only negative was that they forgot the parmigiano cheese on the salad. Finally, the service is outstanding. The servers who waited on us the first night were friendly and efficient. Another plus, staff in the kitchen speaking Italian. This is not your run of the mill chain restaurant.
2 Ah.. the third Italian /pizza establishment in just over a year in the same location....you would think they might have learned from the mistakes of the last two, but no!  First, marginal food.  Maybe it will satisfy the taste buds of non Italians, but certainly not those of New York Italians!  From the tangy somewhat bitter tomato sauce to the very tough (like shoe leather tough) eggplant parmigiana we were so disappointed.  The only bright spot in our meal was the Ceaser salad and the very friendly server.  As for the owners, now they have quite a lesson to learn in customer relations and interactions. While looking at the menu we noticed one of the pizza entrees was called "Astoria" pizza.  We asked if that was so because an owner came from that city in NY?  The waitress said she thought so and would ask.  She did, and when she came back to take our order she said yes, he moved from there.  My husband said to tell him that we did also and told her briefly what area of Astoria and that we used to go to the local pizzerias there.  We asked if he was there tonight, and she said "Yes, somewhere."  Now really, the place is all of about 2000 square feet...  Needless to say, we saw her telling him, he was standing just behind our booth and close to the register.  Not once did he come over or acknowledge any of the customers.  We took that as disinterest, which most business owners can hardly afford nowadays.  So out we went after our so so meal, vowing not to return to try the pizza which didn't look too bad.    And of course we will be telling everyone we meet up with about our experience there.  We live in a community where going out to eat for most is a few times a week happening.
4 A welcome addition to the neighborhood. After two previous attempts at Italian fare, it seems this location finally has the right tenant. Fans of the Miele brothers locations in Tempe will not be disappointed. This is simple Italian food at a reasonable price.   After three visits, one dine-in and two take-out, I've found a nice consistency to the service and quality of food. The pastas were al dente and the tomato sauce had a pleasant sweetness to it. The pizzas, cooked in a brick oven, had a chewy crust and plenty of toppings. My favorite, however, is the braciola - a stuffed, rolled round steak that's braised in a red wine tomato sauce. It had terrific savory flavor and was so tender it could be cut with a fork.  The delicious food combined with great service will definitely keep me coming back.
4 Great food at great prices. Welcome to the neighborhood!
5 All we can say is AWESOME! White Pizza is better than Grimaldi's (and we live Grimaldi's), owner is very nice and outgoing, we love the bruschetta and the pizza. Everything we had has been great! We hope they are there to stay!
5 All we can say is AWESOME! White Pizza is better than Grimaldi's (and we live Grimaldi's), owner is very nice and outgoing, we love the bruschetta and the pizza. Everything we had has been great! We hope they are there to stay! I don't think we are the only one's that feel this way...every time we go there it's packed!
2 I have been twice, once with friends and once with family.  Each time the service was slow and the staff was a bit rude.  I am not sure if they are playing up the "Italian Attitude" or just plain rude.  It took 10 minutes to get a drink, noodles were cold, Pizza took 45 minutes and the worst part of the evening is that they are NOT kid friendly.  No Ketchup, one would think if you were going to serve chicken fingers you would have what kids love to eat it with.  Also, no crayons, paper, dough, nothing for kids.  Most if not all restaurants in our little Ocotillo Area welcome kids and have something for them to color, or word search or something.  I was not impressed the first time, but gave them another chance because we are always looking for good pizza, and they blew the second time around.  Sorry guys, but if you want to make it you had better step it up some. Sincerely,
1 Horrible.  If you're from Jersey or NY, don't even think about it!  Little pieces of Mozz on the Caprese plate, and the tomatoes were mushy.  The dressing on the Ceasar salad had an aftertaste.  Has the owner sipped the water he's serving?  Tastes like nasty tap water.  My wine glass came with about 3 oz. of wine in it.  Cheese slid off the too-thick crust of the pizza.  Host told us it was NY style thin-crust pizza.  Wanted to try something new close to home.  We'll be even more loyal to Grimaldi's now.
5 We are long time lovers of Miele's Bistro, and came to try out the brother's new location and restaurant, Amalfi Pizzeria, and LOVED it! Sergio & Josepi are the real deal straight from Naples, Italy - the Amalfi Coast, by way of NEW YORK CITY! The flavors are there and keep you coming back, wanting more!  Our only torment is whether to eat at Miele's Bistro or Amalfi Pizzeria! We have been customers for 5 years now, and have turned on MANY other people to their Italian cuisine, and have had no complaints. Those who complain will never be happy until they move back home from where they came from...Bronx, NY is NOT Italy!! We do not eat traditional style anymore, as we are gluten free, meat, egg & dairy free, but we enjoyed their food for years before we changed our eating style. Now we still enjoy a de-lish salad from them and a drink every now and then. We love their company too. It's a nice atmosphere! We highly recommend this place if you love Italian! Today we went only to have a glass of wine, the aromas were incredible! M-m-m, If we were ever to eat traditional again, we'd start here! However, the wine and atmosphere was just as good as dining there.  Lee & Mary Bortel http://themeganlifestyle.wordpress.com/ http://www.bortelinoproductions.co/
1 Decided to try this place, really wanted an antipasto salad, but after the recommendation of the wait staff also decided to try the White Pizza.  The salad was very disappointing - though it looked good it lacked flavor. So I was then looking forward to the award winning white pizza... it was disgusting!  I couldn't even eat it, mounds of what I think was ricotta cheese, I had to scrape it off there was so much mounded on top of a crust with another cheese - again little flavor.  I was so disappointed I did not even take the remainder of the pizza home. I was so hungry and so looking forward to a good meal, you couldn't pay me to return to this restaurant.
3 For a strip mall location the layout and interior space are quite nice.  We had a small pizza, a Greek salad, and cheese ravioli.  Overall the food was solid, though not spectacular.  It was a good value for the money, as the menu is quite reasonably priced.
1 What Happened? We ate here after Amalfi's first opened, The pizza was great!  Several "to Go" orders later and a handful of times dining in, this establishment is now out of the rotation of places we will eat.  Everything from the pizza crust to the cheese seems to have been substituted with a poorer and cheaper quality. We ordered a large selection of entres the other day for some guests we had over. Eggplant and some seafood dishes.  The food tasted like a "TV" dinner and ended up mostly in the trash. We gave this restaurant several chances to do better but it is not to be. It would be nice if they had kept up the good quality they started out with. Save your money..
2 We've been to Amalfi's 3 or 4 times and everything here is pretty much average.  From the pizza to the pasta, everything has been ok but not spectacular.  The people who keep saying "I LOVED IT"  must be friends with the owner.
5 Went to Amalfi for the first time last night. We ordered the White Pizza, a side of meatballs and the house salad.  Wow!  We loved  everything! Pizza was cooked to perfection and the meatballs were out of this world! Just like my mom would make. We are extremely fussy about Italian food- we are Italians and we don't complement too many restaurants.  Prices were extremely reasonable and we will definitely be back.   John was our waiter- very polite and just a great guy! BTW: we went back there tonight (June 14th) and ordered speghetti w/ clams, penne alla vodka and calamari.....delicious!!!
4 Ok, the pizza here was actually VERY good. The lunch special price was appropriate. My friend and I were in a rush for lunch, and though we were 1 of 2 parties sitting down at the time, the service was sluggish. Our server was not attentive and even forgot to bring us the lunch menu initially. They did, however, give us some free bread knots and marinara while we waited for our meals. The pizza is New York style (my favorite) and the cheese was very good. Great toppings as well. The interior is nothing special, but it's clean and kind of has a sports bar atmosphere.
1 I decided to try somewhere new for lunch today and my girlfriend suggested we head to this place. Checked Yelp and was excited to see a few good reviews. We arrived and were seated quickly by a very nice hostess.  Our server came over and while he was friendly and attentive he smelled terrible.  Every time he walked by our table he trailed a tear inducing odor. We still weren't ready to completely give up on the place despite the server's poor hygiene and decided to order:  Chicken Bruschetta A small Pepperoni Pizza and some Fettuccine Alfredo  The Chicken Bruschetta came out first and looked fantastic. The presentation was excellent but upon biting into it we learned it was made entirely from salt. The sliced chicken on top of it looked as if it had been bought frozen and just thawed and tossed on top.  When the Pizza and the Alfredo came, again both looked amazing, we were setup for even more disappointment.  How you screw up Alfredo is beyond me but it seemed like they forgot to add cheese and just gave us some noodles in a pool of condensed milk.  I never thought of pouring milk over noodles for breakfast but now I know that it wouldn't substitute for cereal.  Now onto the pizza, I'll be honest it I liked it. A little bit heavy on the cheese but if we had just gotten this take out and not sat in to enjoy the scents I probably would have given the place a 4.  However even pizza is extremely hard to choke that down with a scent that can best be described as urine soaked hobo. We paid, left, and probably still tipped better than we should have.  I wouldn't recommend this place, if the servers can't be bothered to shower and wash their clothes once in a while who knows what goes on in the back.
2 I am old school Italian from South Philly...!rst time there yesterday.I ordered spaghetti and meatballs to go.I found the gravy(sauce)acidy and the meatballs bland but tender.The best part was the bread.Overall add a little sugar to cut the acid from the tomatoes and cook the sauce with additional "Italian Seasoning"
4 My boyfriend really wanted to go here- I was raised on Italian food & am a pretty excellent cook, so I was skeptical, but had a truly wonderful time.  We ordered the Antipasto salad, Calamari, a White Pizza, and a "spicy seafood pasta." The salad was fabulous- there were chunks of provolone and big pieces of meat- and the dressing was fabulous! I am a balsamic enthusiast, and their Italian dressing has a balsamic base that I loved. Our white pizza had large chunks of Ricotta on it. It was a little overwhelming with all of the other flavors going on at the dinner table- but when I put it in the oven & ate it the next day- it was to die for!   The seafood pasta was my least favorite, but still had some very charming qualities. The sauce was not at all spicy for someone who likes spice- but had we asked them to spice it up when we ordered, I am sure they would have. The Shrimp in the pasta were huge and hearty though- and that is always a plus.  More than anything though, I appreciated the service at Almalfi's. There were only a few other tables there that night, and each one was treated with personal attention and care. We ended up being the last table in the place- leaving right at closing time- but we never felt awkward or forced out. I felt welcomed to finish my meal, my wine, and my conversation before leaving. They changed the TV's for us when we asked, and turned up the volume on them when the other guests left (which we didn't even ask them to do.)  I left with a full belly and a feeling of hospitality. I would stop in for that Antipasto Salad or another White Pizza anytime!
5 What can I say..... Being a former New Yorker you can't not LOVE Amalfi's! I have been there numerous times and always enjoyed the food. The owner and staff are Wonderful and always friendly!! Amalfi's is all about Cutomer Satisfaction. Just to name a few The Pizza ,Antipasto,Cheese Ravioli,Chicken Bruschetta,Squash Ravioli in White sauce, Margarita pie,ect.... All FABULOUS !! I live a great distance from the restaurant and will continue to make the trip for the Great taste of Italian food and prices are very reasonable !
4 Great local, authentic Italian food.  We had the calzone, penne a la vodka, margharita pizza, and the gnocchi.  Each dish was fresh, hot, and delicious.  If it wasn't for the gift certificate we got, we might have never eaten there.  We'll go back when we are in the mood for authentic Italian.  We hope this place sticks around for a while.
5 Awesome, little pizzeria in a nice corner of Chandler. The pizza (white) was great, I can't wait to try the rest, Really fresh quality veggies for the salads and house salad is a great size!
2 My wife and I were on this side of town and thought we would try this place out. We were greeted right away and seated. There was a older couple sitting in the booth next to us and the lady had a ton of perfume on that made it unbearable. We asked the waiter to move and we moved across the restaurant that was under one of the TVs. This TV that was above us had Fox News on and the volume was up on it. I asked the waiter if they could turn the channel to something other then news and he said he couldn't change the channel because the owner would get mad. We ordered the pizza and had high hopes because of the brick oven we saw in the place. The pizza was horrible and reminded me of a pizza I had once at Peter piper like 20 years ago. The best thing this place had going was our waiter. We won't be coming back to this place again.
5 WOW!  2 for 2!  We stumbled on this new pizzaria a few weeks ago and fell in love with not only the food, but the staff!.  The pizza's are pretty much 'create your own' and the toppings are endless.  We had an Artichoke Heart, Basil, Sausage, and Tomato pizzia that was to die for!  Their dinner salads are huge and served in a cold plate/ bowl.  Tonight I had the Seafood Rissotto and I can honestly say I have not met its equal in any Italian restaurant.  Absolutely amazing!  Our server [and everyone] was friendly and courteous.  If you blink, your drinks are refilled. The place was very busy and everyone seemed pleased with their food. The portions will allow you to save some for lunch the next day, which was tough tonight because it was so good.........We'll be back again.........and again.  You need to try this place if you're in town.
3 Ok place.  I love the outside patio area.  The owners are nice and accommodating .
5 Hands down, the most authentic, freshest and best tasting Italian food EVER! Anybody who knows me, knows I love food. My faves to eat here are the Amalfie bruschetta and the strattiotoli(sp?) Soup!! Love love love this place! Customer service is great too, thanks Bridgette(sp?).
2 Service was great - very nice servers. Food was awful - tasted like something created from a can or TV dinner - pizza was not cooked all the way and cheese was very poor in quality - as pizza cooled the cheese became clear? The Alfredo tasted like cheese whiz :(
5 Wow---what a delight this place is.  I seriously cant believe this place isn't standing room only.  My boyfriend and I ate dinner here after church on Sunday. I tried the seafood risotto for $13.00 and I can tell you this "It was worth $26.00."  Every bite had seafood in it.  There was octopus, clams, and shrimp.  The flavor was beyond incredible.  My boyfriend had the canneloni which was amazing.  The sauce was full of flavor and they make the pasta onsite.  I can tell you this the name of this restaurant might have pizza in it but you are seriously missing out if you dont order these two dishes.  Our waiters name was Anthony, who is from New York, and he made our dinner an experience.  We are going back tonight with 8 people for my sons birthday.  This is the best Italian food in the valley hands down.
5 Went to Amalfi today for lunch. It was my first visit and my wife's second. The food was outstanding. The stracciatella soup, described by a previous reviewer, was the best soup I have ever eaten. Really. The Greek salad was wonderful. Because I am on a diet, I am often hesitant to order Greek salads because many restaurants douse them with high-calorie dressing. This salad had a vinagrette dressing applied sparingly. The salad itself was so flavorful it didn't need much dressing. Couldn't resist the freshly baked bread even though I am trying to avoid starch. My wife is a connoisseur of Italian food and loved her fettuccine alfredo. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. The lunch prices are quite reasonable. For slightly more than you would spend at a fast-food restaurant, you can have a delicious and--if you choose wisely and resist temptation--healthy sit-down meal.  UPDATE:  My wife and I went to Amalfi this evening to celebrate a special occasion. Our experience was just as good as before. In fact, we both ordered the same menu items as described in my first review. Hey, if you find something you like, why change?  I would like to address a criticism another reviewer had of my previous review: I described the loaf of bread served before the main course as "freshly baked." The other reviewer said it could not have been freshly baked because he saw it sitting in a bin under a heat lamp. This time, I asked our server, James, point blank whether the bread was freshly baked. He said, "Yes, it just came out of the oven. We make it here using the same ingredients as the pizza dough."   Granted, I was not in the kitchen when the bread came out of the oven. But I'm certain that the bread was freshly baked, just as surely as I can identify a potato that is twice-baked and someone who is half-baked. If the bread sat under the heat lamp, it could have been for no more than a few minutes.  This was the third visit in a row we have been served by James. He is always attentive, courteous, witty, and smiley.  One clue that the food is authentic is that the cooks speak to each other in Italian. Granted, I don't speak Italian, and they may have been speaking in gibberish just to fool me. But I'm not into conspiracy theories.  What could have been better? Well, my wife said the women's restroom was a little warm, as if the air conditioning wasn't quite reaching it. And because I am not a sports fan, I would have preferred to have been seated closer to the TV showing some people building a log cabin than the TV showing a soccer game. Other than that, neither I nor my wife has any complaints. Still five stars.
2 I give this place two stars because I feel like they are trying. Otherwise, they would only get one star. It is clean, nicely outfitted and the servers are nice.  That is where the good things end.   We started with garlic knots. Another reviewer said that they were fresh baked and tasted great. Ours where rubbery and very hot, we saw that they were sitting in a bin directly under a heat lamp. Fresh baked? I ordered fettucini alfredo with chicken. My boyfriend ordered meat lasagna. Both dishes was terrible.  The sauce on my pasta was as white and thick as latex paint. It was also just as bland! There was absolutely no seasoning on anything that we ordered... His lasagna was "bland pasta and pureed tomatoes. The meat is like pizza meat crumbles".  Not at all what we were expecting after reading all of these yelp reviews... I don't know who could call themselves an "excellent cook" and approve of this food. I think the only reason that this place is still around is because the 65+ community loves this type of bland food. (When we were there, we were by far the youngest people... by decades.)
3 I had read about this restaurant somewhere, and after the Yelp reviews, we decided to experiment with the family.  As it is my standard, we always judge a pizzeria based on the cheese pizza.  It allows one to judge the dough as well as the sauce just on those merits.  Once you start loading toppings on the pizza, it removes from the sauce.  We were seated immediately on a Friday early evening: 5:30pm.  The restaurant is very clean, well arranged, not too noisy.  Perfect for families.  We started with Fried Calamari.  We had to order two orders, as it was Happy Hour, and portions were slightly smaller, as the waitress explained to us.  The Fried Calamari was excellent, but the sauce needed more seasoning.  It tasted relatively fresh though.  The pizza was the problem, and the reason for the two star loss.  It was bland.  The dough was plain and mildly undercooked.  The sauce was quite bland, had almost no intrinsic flavor of its own.   When you eat a pizza, you should be able to hold the piece in your mouth and slowly allow the juices of the sauce and oil from the cheese to seep over your tongue and through your teeth, and then finally down your throat.  The entire experience should be seamless and wonderful.  We ended up having to add parmesan cheese (which I almost never do) as well as pepper on my wife's pizza to add flavor.  Finally, I asked the waitress for dried oregano, which we all added to our pizza.  She was surprised, stating she had not heard a complaint of that nature.  But looking around it wasn't hard to see why.  We saw people ordering Sicilian style (which looked excellent) as well as almost all the pizzas were topped.  No one was ordering just a cheese pie, which is the standard New Yorker request.    I saw the manager speaking with his kitchen staff, and I'm assuming they were discussing the sauce.  The sauce should be consistent and flavorful every time.  It's the basis of a pizzeria.    However, the calamari was excellent.  Service was wonderful--our waitress was very nice, attentive and polite.  I like the atmosphere of the restaurant as well.  The pizza needs some adjustment though.
4 I work nearby, so I come here several times per month for lunch. The pizza is really really good, the staff is friendly and attentive, and the prices are reasonable. I'm A bit surprised this place is not busier, must be the slow season before the "snowbirds" come back. Check em out if you're in the hood.
1 EDIT:  After reading the owners response, I'll let you decide if you want to give this guy your business.  I'm sure the food is decent, just don't come here expecting a happy hour or the ability to use the coupon shoved into your mailbox every week.  This review is for pricing/advertising only.  No food was consumed. We received a flyer in the mail with coupons and advertised  specials.  Yelp reviews looked good enough to try it for happy hour for the first shot.  We went in on a Sat night around 5pm (extremely early for us) and were seated promptly.  The flyer we received stated 1/2 price appetizers and 2.50 domestic drafts. We were not given a happy hour menu and we had to ask about the specials.  The waitress stated that they have 1/2 portions of appetizers for 1/2 price.  WTF?  Isn't that full price? Oh, and if you ordered from their "happy hour" pricing you couldn't use the $5 coupon.  So in my mind they basically dragged you in there with false advertising.  I'm not a cheap person, but don't appreciate this sort of set-up.  We walked out. We eat out a lot and typically leave reviews for places we enjoy.  This bothered me enough to leave this review.  If you don't care about pricing and false advertising than this place might be alright.  I just prefer to give my money to a business that deserves it.
5 Awesome. The cheese garlic bread is just delicious. Have had many things off the menu and all have been great!
5 Back again for the 3rd time. Ordered the white pizza (again!), which is our favorite, and gnocchi. lived the gnocchi, the sauce was fantastic, just like we make at home. We met the owner, Sergio. He and my hubby spoke Italian and I felt like I was in Italy! Che Bella!
4 Been here 4 times, so far, and each time was impressed. Nice atmosphere, with great music. Love the pizza and the lasagna. Clean restaurant, and great service. Can't wait to visit again.
4 My husband really likes this place and I think they do a couple things really well-Chicken Parmigiana, Caesar salad and bread (an important part of an Italian meal experience). He gets the Veal Parmigiana or Clam Linguine and always enjoys it. The other things I have tried aren't to my liking, but I think this restaurant is worth a shot.
4 We had the pizza and cheese raviolis.  Both were delicious. We also ordered some type of chocolate mousse pie for dessert.  Yummy. The sauce is very tasty the crust style on the pizza is perfect.  The only negatives were a dirty plate, which was switched out, and there was a slight aroma of bleach cleaning solution upon our arrival.  I will eat here again.
5 This is my 5th time visiting Amalfi, and were glad to share the experience with friends.  We began with the Almalfi bruschetta, and it only got better from there.  The seafood Fra' diavolo is a sheer delight; as are the gnocchi, penne a la vodka, and the tiramisu is to die for.  We even took home two pizzas for our kids!  Our server was courteous, prompt, attentive, and wonderful.  You get what you pay for, and Amalfi is worth every penny!  I'm already looking forward to my next meal there!
5 This was our first trip here. Wasn't sure what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. The yelp stars for here don't seem accurate. The food is wonderful, big portions at a good price. We are more than happy to return. Our server Andrea was very knowledgable and courteous. We had very quick service.
4 This is a great place for lunch.   The meat Stromboli with a side of sauce is a great tasting, wonderful, tasty delight.   After living in New York for 16 years to get great dough for pizza and Stromboli.   Would highly recommend the 2 slices of oizza and a soda for $5.99
5 My wife and I love all the Italian meals at Amalfi's. It reminds us of home cooked meals from my wife's Italian family. The Cannoli's are my personal fav!
4 I have been here twice now and love it. It is great to find a new place to dine, especially Italian food. Ordered the Amalfi 16" deluxe and it was a great pizza, the mozzarella sticks were tasty. Definitely will be back
4 Went with my two kids - just ordered a pizza which was very good kids liked it a lot. Haven't tried the rest of the menu but the place is comfortable and relaxed.
3 Our first two times here were pleasant. Today I would say the exception I have is that a cigar store has moved in nearby and the ducting must not be separate. The restaurant had a  cigar smoke smell to it. The prices seemed high and there were too many servers just waiting near the entrance for the next customers.  Don't think we will go out of our way to come here again, when we have restaurants within walking distance of home
5 This was our first experience eating here and everyone really enjoyed their meal.  From the bread they bring out to the meat lasagna.  Excellent!
