5 ordered by phone. the customer service rep was very knowledgeable and helpful. as for the food, well, dominos has always been my favorite. im glad they're now in my area.
1 Received a very burnt pizza on top and bottom. The pizza was inedible. When I called to complain, the employee told me that is how Domino's makes their pizzas. I guess it's back to Pizza Hut and Papa John's for my family and I. I would not recommend this place to anyone. Hopefully I can save you your $20, cause I know I won't get mine back.
1 Have given this place several tries, every single time we order we either get the wrong order or our pizza is completely burnt. Tried them again tonight, once again the pizza was burnt, the sandwich that we ordered was burnt, the sandwich was try overcooked Philly cheesesteak. Will never order from them again worst Domino's EVER!!!
5 Always on time always good!!! I order from here at least once a week!!! I've never got a bad pizza!! Keep up the good work;)
1 omg i order a pizza ,wings and the bread bites at 5:50 and didn't receive my order til 730, when i tried to call them they wont pick up there phone,and when i went in there the manger had such a nasty attitude. I feel bad for the drivers,they lose tip because of this manger. Never again will i order from them if this manger is working . By the way her name is Latoya so dont order from her ,it doesn't matter she doesn't answer the phone to get orders.
5 Fast, Friendly and always HOT! Love the speedy delivery and great pizza. Always arrives ahead of the promised time and kids like to watch the online tracker to know when the pizza is on its way.
2 Yuck - I was at the grocery store when I decided I would order Dominos for dinner. Since I ordered it there I decided to wait for it and what a mistake! The employees were running around like chicken with their heads cut off and more importantly - they were not washing their hands! Employees were using hand sanitizer in place of washing their hands after handling money or phone orders. This to me is a big no no and the health department needs to pay this place a visit so they are reminded the rules of food safety!
5 Fast and Hot! Love the lunch time special and the online ordering ability.
1 Never again. And I was a good customer. I ordered one called complained got another even more greasy. Quick service but bad product or cook
