5 Just had lunch at the Strand today.  We shared a chicken Parmesan pizza, and a pressed, fresh veggie sandwich.  We also had Cesar salad and minestrone soup.  Every thing was home made ad tasted great.   The staff was friendly, helpful and attentive to our needs.  Very unique / eclectic, comfortable decor.  Nice size portions and a very reasonable price.    This is my new go to restaurant when I have meetings downtown.
3 3/5 decent, will probably improve.  just had dinner here after work, it was pretty deserted, but i guess that's standard for downtown phoenix. after awkwardly asking if they were open, i realized that it was an order, seat yourself semi-fastfood joint. which is an interesting option to their established "arrogant" neighbor.   overall, i think it's pretty hip, maybe chic, if folks say that out here. the noodle lamp things are an interesting brand, as long as you don't accidentally associate it with strands of e.coli from AP bio, or wormsies. i think if they cut half of those lights out, then it wouldn't be so overwhelming, since the brand/style is quite easy to pick up, don't need to feel like all the tables are so perfectly podlike and replicated. i want to feel special, you know?  the prices are pretty affordable. i mean, yeah, generally food is cheaper out here, but the servings are good to share, as the tables are already set with red plates, white (durable and clothlike quality, i might add) napkins, and silverware!  the food. well it's italian pasta. ultimately (if not evidently) filling, but i resisted the temptation and took it to go (and plan to finish here in my room shortly). tried the pancetta and peas, though the pancetta wasn't browned very much, so it had that salty rawness to it that some folks aren't into. the side caesar came after it, though i'm sure in a couple weeks all the orders will arrive in the traditional order.  finally, gave them a quick tip that they shouldn't keep their plates over the range. if you're a cook familiar with oil-rich cuisines (frying, pasta, etc.), you'll be familiar with how after an amount of time there's just hella oil particles in the air, that settle over the area. it leaves a residue (read: grease), which unfortunately was also all over my nice white plate. was barely noticeable with the dim evening light, but probably visible during the day.  i'll have to see how it does the next time i am in town!
4 My buddy Craig and I were in the mood for something hearty and saucy so we decided to give The Strand a try and boy were we happy we did. We had the Bucatini Polpetti and a Caesar salad. Although the portion sizes are enough to share, it didn't even cross our minds until after we had stuffed our faces. We had no problem devouring every last bite on our own. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was amazing; robust, spicy, and plentiful. The meatballs were great, too. The salad was definitely enough for two and we will split that in the future.  The interior design and layout of the dinning area is very different, cool unlike any other place which is refreshing. The ordering process is very similar to Pei Wei but it works and was super easy. The owner was kind enough to stop by our "pod" and check in on us and was thrilled to share his design and dinning concept. He excitingly shared the story behind the commissioned panoramic photograph that takes up the majority of the north wall.  The lighting fixtures are also very cool, somewhat jellyfish like.   We are looking forward to our next dinning adventure. The online menu has been printed, reviewed and circulated.
5 Oh yeah... The Strand is a keeper. I expected it to be good, but after I was done with the veggie pizza my eyes rolled to the back of my head and I felt like I needed a cigarette. It was that orgasmic.   All the restaurants along 1st Street are phenomenal, and the Strand fits in nicely. Fantastic, high quality food at very reasonable prices, friendly service in a unique, urban atmosphere. And praise be to whatever deity you believe in that this place is 1) open past 5 pm AND 2) open on Sundays.   I can't wait to go back.
4 After finding this on the Yelp "just reviewed" section, I decided to give The Strand a try. We went on a Thursday night, and met some friends, who have 2 small children. It was fairly empty, and far more casual than I had imagined. That's not a bad thing by the way. Cute decor!!! I had the chicken parm with penne pasta which was good..my husband had the chicken parm pizza, which he also enjoyed. Our friend sent back the chicken for her dish..she felt it was slightly pink...and they fixed the issue asap. Nice service and dessert was pretty good too. We had the cookie with ice cream combo. I'm sure on game nights this spot will be jumping. OH, and they validate parking for the garage..very handy.
3 Popped in for a quick meal before a show. Fun decor, brand new and sparkling clean, with a nice sized menu. We chose this restaurant because it advertised gluten free pasta. Unfortunately, no one on staff seemed to know what "gluten free" meant. When we asked which sauces might be GF to go with the GF pasta, we were met with blank stares. It took several questions to determine that the marinara sauce "might" be GF -not very confidence inspiring. When we did get our meals, everything tasted fine, not fabulous, about on par with a Pei Wei type experience. I had a small side house salad, which was not on the menu, but was offered by the girl at the register.  The greens were nice, but not chilled, which was kind of yucky.  The balsamic vineagrette was not able to be GF certified, so I had it on the side.  It was just OK.  My GF pasta was cooked properly, and the portion was large but not too large.  I had the primavera with marinara sauce, and while the veggies seemed fresh, they were a tad overcooked.  My husband had a pizza, seemed to be pretty good.  My daughter had a kids meal of chicken tenders and fries--the tenders were a chicken breast cut into slices, which worked, and the fries were a tad bit reminiscent of Burger King's, with some parmesan thrown on top.  The kid's meal also came with mini donuts, which we had to ask for 3 times, but there were fresh out of the fryer and covered in cinammon sugar--yummy.  We ordered ice cream with a GF chocolate chip cookie--and what arrived was definitely not a "cookie"--more like a gluey, gooey chocolate chip amoeba at the bottom of a dish with 2 scoops of ice cream on top.  Eh.  I tried to order an espresso machiato at the coffee bar in back of the restauant--the coffee girl didn't know the correct way to make the drink, so I opted for a soy cappucino--this was tasty and well done.   This is clearly a new business still working out the kinks. I think it's a good option if you're in downtown PHX and need a quick, decent meal.
3 Great concept...notwithstanding the quirkiness in delivery.  Food was outstanding...but I have a hard time forgetting that it took nearly one hour to have one dish of pasta delivered to our table. I understand that they were busy and I respect that....However my dish was brought to the table barely warm and I had to send it back to get reheated twice.  Yes I like my food hot...While we were not in a rush as we arrived plenty of time early for the Cirque du Soleil show...One server was outstanding while the others seemed completely indifferent and in over their heads.  Caesar salad was great...but then again that's one in my book that's hard to mess up.  Pasta with meat sauce was very tasty even though it was sent back to the kitchen twice.  The lines can be quite long. I do truly believe that The Strand has formidable potential and is a fantastic concept. The only problems I see is the lack of staff, and cooking Italian in a snap is a difficult task as the menu is quite diverse....Add to that long lines of customers out the door and a recipe for chaos can quickly simmer up...
2 Been here 4 times. Only got in 2 times  Posted hours mean nothing. They close when business is slow. First meal they forgot to bring the bread with my meal. Had to ask for it. It came cold. Second time I got there 2 hours befor posted closing time. Bone fragment in my meat sauce. Could not order anything else because they shut down the registers after I had placed my order. Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr
4 Didn't know what to expect, the prices were better than I expected. For the firs time being there I was impressed.  good price and good food.
4 So excited to have another good go to place in downtown Phoenix for fast, casual food in a cool, hip environment!  The meatball pizza was delicious and it was a complete bonus that they serve orange San Pellegrino as well!  The staff warmly greeted me when I arrived and quickly delivered the food to the table as well.
3 Basically the Italian version of Pei Wei.  You order at the counter, you take your receipt and a magnet that sticks to where you're sitting and the food comes out to you.  It's very casual and generally pretty quick which is great for lunch.  The food is okay.  Like I said, its the Pei Wei of Italian.  There is nothing challenging about the menu.  I'm a little frightened of the chicken parm pizza (who needs breading on top of well, bread?) but there is a nice eggplant bruschetta.  I liked their minestrone soup, its wasn't too salty so they get points for that.
2 Very cute concept...but unfortunately that is the only good thing I can say.  4 of us went for dinner prior to a Suns game and they could not handle the crowd.  This is a fast casual Italian concept - order at the counter, find a table and they bring the food to you - should be in and out.  We waited 20 or so minutes in line and then grabbed a table.  Another 30 minutes passed before the first entree was delivered.  Another 20 minutes later two more entrees arrived and 5 minutes later we received the final entree.  Unfortunately the food was mediocre at best.  We had a 12" pepperoni pizza, two orders of ravioli with creamy tomato sauce (the ravioli on one order had hard edges) and the chicken saltimbocca.   It was edible, it was fine, but it's not worth further description.    There were many, very unhappy customers and very little effort by management to assuage anyone.  While on the subject of management, you would think that in crisis mode you would see all hands on deck in hustle mode, however that was not at all the case.  There was a manager and another employee just standing at the counter and looking around toward the end of the rush while a few customers were waiting for food and tables.  The table next to us vacated and it was 20 minutes before it was bussed.  Bizarre.  We overheard a manager (I think)  talking to some other customers and explaining that this is the third time they've experienced this kind of service break down at dinner due to the crowd.  Really?  You are a hop and a skip from US Airways Arena.  I'm pretty sure your business model was banking on that when the location was chosen.  However after two previous dinner service failures it didn't occur to you to check the downtown calendar, staff up and fix any other issues on the line?  I really wanted to like this place.  Big time fail.
4 My boyfriend and I had planned on tripping over to Hanny's before a Suns game on a Sunday night, which was quickly halted by the fact that Hanny's wasn't open.  We decided to give The Strand a try because my boyfriend is an avid Italian food fan and we love to try new places.   We arrived during happy hour, which is DAILY, and we were thrilled to find that the discounts are AMAZING.  We ordered two beers ($2 Blue Moon drafts), an appetizer ($2.50 Drunken Cheesy Bread), and two entrees (Pepperoni Pizza and The Strand Burger, both $5 on happy hour).  We had a fantastic server, Cody, who brought us out an order of Angry Prawns as he said the food was taking a while (we didn't think so, but we were happy to try out another appetizer!).    The pizza was enough for two, so for the price, it was great.  While the pizza wasn't the best pizza in the world, it was good and, like I said, for the price, you can't beat that.  For a thin crust pizza, we felt the crust was a little on the dough-y side and there was a bit too much cheese. The Strand Burger was delicious, but filling.  I could only eat half after two appetizers and a beer.    For two beers, two appetizers and two entrees...our bill was just under $20. UNREAL. We walked out stuffed, happy, and satisfied with the service.  We'll definitely be going back!   **I'm giving this restaurant four stars for two reasons.  1) The pizza quality.  For an Italian restaurant, we would have loved to see this come out better. And 2) The seating.  At the beginning of our meal, we practically had an entire row to ourselves, but by the end, we were crowded by a couple to the left and a pair of buddies to our right in very close proximity.  You feel like you're involved in their conversation because you can hear everything they're saying.
4 I saw this place because of the awesome decor inside, the chandeliers, color, and  furniture give the place a nice flair! Me and a friend went about 2 weeks ago, we arrived late about 9ish and decided to sit at the bar. The bartender was amazing, she was great, she went over the menu with us and even informed us it was reverse happy hour and suggested some of her own favorite dishes on the menu.  I decided to go with their hamburger with parmesan french fries, yum! Their food portions are well worth it, the hamburger was huge and I got a plate full of fries, also the cheese garlic bread as an appetizer was delicious, not to mention their ice tea was amazing (and I'm a big tea drinker). We stayed quite sometime and I witnessed some guests still coming in close to closing time and the staff still seated them and served them instead of turning them away, that's giving good customer service.  I plan to go back and with friends soon, The Strand rocks in my book! Thank you guys at The Strand for giving me and my tummy a good time! :)
5 Been here twice. Once for half price bottles of wine and pizza for happy hour. And today got the Lobster Mac n cheese that I saw on the menu last time. Too much for one sitting. I guess I'll have awesome leftovers tomorrow....oh darn.
5 My husband and I went to dinner here on a friend's recommendation. We were so glad we did! The prices were reasonable and the food and service were amazing! All of the staff was very friendly, stopping by to chat with us and see how we were doing, and the manager seemed genuinely interested in our happiness. The lights are fun, too - they look like impressionistic pasta. :-) If you like seafood, pasta or cheese, then you will be quite pleased. We are planning to return in the very near future.  They are on board with social media (Twitter and Facebook so far) but I don't see them on Pinterest yet (wouldn't I love some of those recipes!) though they are part of CityScape: http://pinterest.com/cityscapephx/  Twitter: @StrandItalian   Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TheStrandItalian
5 Had a wonderful dinner on a Thursday evening. My wife had the pasta with meatballs. My daughter had the Lobster Mac-N-Cheese. She enjoyed it very much.  I had the Seafood Linguine. The pasta was made with squid ink. It was black and was incredible. You need to go and try this dish. That is the dish I will have next time we go. Don't let the idea of squid ink throw you. I does not taste like you were sucking on the end of a pen. It adds a subtle sweetness to the dish. Try it and let me know what you think.  Great place for pasta downtown.
3 Contemporary atmosphere.  Good range of Italian offerings.  Attentive wait staff.  Portions generous.  Price reasonable.  Food fine.   I'd go again.
4 Really great little place!  Cool vibe, excellent food.
5 I'm surprised at the negative reviews. Granted, I have only been to The Strand once, but I received great service and great food. Their happy hour specials are amazing. I got the best burger I've ever had in Arizona, along with delicious parmesean garlic fries and a beer, all for $10 plus tip. Truly a great deal, especially for happy hour.
5 We went on a Friday night for their reverse happy hour and some late night eats. The kitchen closed around 10 or 10:30 and the happy hour pricing started at 9 so there's a decent overlap. We had been here once before and decided to try it again.  The Happy hour pricing is fantastic, $2 Blue moons, I think $3-4 for other on tap beers, and $4 for very STRONG frozen margaritas. I was DD this evening so I did not partake, but the others in our group enjoyed a lot.  I ordered the Chicken Parmesan Pizza and they accidentally brought me the regular Chicken Parmesan entree. They were very apologetic and let me keep the regular Chicken Parmesan while they made the pizza. I had a few bites of what was a very large portion of chicken with penne pasta. It tasted great and the pasta was a perfect al dente. They boxed this up for us when the pizza came (I was in a pizza mood). The pizza was just a cheese pizza with sliced pieces of chicken breast, but still tasty.  Overall the food was tasty and the happy hour prices were excellent. They rectified their mistake and let us keep the food.
4 We went here Tuesday night and what a special treat!   Our server was such a doll. It was a busy night and she was attentive, smiled at us and took our jokes with grace. Nothing beats a server with a great personality and attitude when it's a busy night. I just wish I could remember her name!  Their parmesan french fries and  tiramisu are amazing by the way!   I can't wait to come back.
5 Went to Strand per-dbacks game and was pleasantly surprised to ind half price appetizers for happy hour! Great spot for a meal before a dbacks game! Best happy hour between arr butcher, kilt, and strand.
3 So I should say that I was told that this place was like an Italian Pei Wei style type of restaurant, i.e. fast casual. But, two months ago they did decide to provide full dinner service which I really appreciated! Great location and loved the decor.   We ordered the chicken parmesan pizza and the lobster mac and cheese. Pizza was underwhelming, and chicken was a bit dry. But the lobster mac and cheese was really good! Definitely rich and greasy though, so not the best for calorie conscious days.   Overall, it's alright. I think I would rather come back for the happy hour menu than do the full dinner service.
5 WOW! This place is great! From the vibe to the dessert, I have NO complaints! The drinks were amazing and the bartender was great. The Lobster Mac n Cheese and Chicken alla Vodka were incredible! I can't wait to go back!
4 Amazing happy hour...1/2 price appetizers and great drink specials.  The $5 martinis were great and well mixed - definitely check this place out!
5 Felicia, Felicia, Felicia...  The best service I've had in Phoenix to date. I told Felicia what I normally drink, she shook her head approvingly and walked to the bar, came back with several originals for me to partake of.   They stayed open late for us! Im sure she had better things to do. ..   Sidenote:  When I walked in I saw 4 skateboarders at the bar.  Apparently, they work there, so, yeah, I'll be back.
5 Went to Strand per-dbacks game and was pleasantly surprised to ind half price appetizers for happy hour! Great spot for a meal before a dbacks game! Best happy hour between arrogant butcher, kilt, and strand.
1 We ordered chicken  Parmesan for wife and daughter our first night in Phoenix.  The chicken was raw.   Seriously???  Due to poor lighting they ate some of it before realizing the chicken was raw.  I am not taking slightly undercooked I'm saying RAW!  We notified the manager and she was apologetic and gave us comp cards for next time .  Are u kidding?  No way at w going back there.  Wife and daughter got sick the next day.   Stay away!!!
5 Amazing Italian Food!!! I found The Strand on Yelp. Thank you fellow Yelpers! I'm relatively new to Phoenix and spoiled by the famous italian food in Little Italy, San Diego... I'll admit I've found some awesome Italian food in Phoenix!  The Strand has traditional, scrum-diddly-umptious Italian Food in Phoenix, Arizona... 1/2 OFF Happy Hour is the best... Bartenders are sweet, great drinks... The lobster mac n cheese is everything you could want. I love seafood pastas and this is probably one of the tastiest dishes at The Strand..  They also cater!!! I was enthralled as I am constantly searching for affordable, amazing, creative caterers... They will be at Search Control's event at the ASBA headquarters, if you're not there for the internet marketing event, you'll be there for The Strand's awesome italian food (:
4 I've only been here for lunch but both times were great! Jeremiah is awesome. Attentive, funny, patient and makes terrific recommendations! My first time I had the marguerite pizza and wedge salad. The salad was creative and fresh. Pizza was too thin and kind of soggy for my taste, but still tasted good, especially if you like thin pizza. The other day for lunch I tried the grilled chicken sandwich. . The menu is typical but there are a few creative things that stand out. I've never had to wait and the waiters are very attentive and friendly. The interior is surprisingly roomy, casual, comfortable, very clean. Good place for a business lunch or casual dinner. I plan to go back a few more times. They are now serving brunch too!
5 Jeremiah is great! He is very friendly, patient, and knows what he's doing!   We started off with the Drunken Cheesy Bread, it's ok. Not something I would want again. Nothing wrong with it, just not my taste.   For lunch, I had the Chicken Parmesan sandwich, along with a house salad. The sandwich is great. Loved it.  The house salad... I mean, I could not stop eating it. I have no idea which kind of dressing was on it, but it was AMAZING. I am craving it just thinking about it.   The interior is very clean, roomy, very casual. I heard they have great happy hour, so I will be back again.
5 Went on a Thursday night before a comedy show. Felt very welcome as soon as we walked in.  Had a great waitress who was very friendly and made excellent menu suggestions. My friend and I wanted something light; we ordered Drunken Cheesy bread to start. Delicious. (Ladies Night half prices were a bonus.) The frozen margaritas were also tasty. We shared a chicken parm pizza, which was one of the best pizzas I've ever had.  Between the service and the food, can't wait to go back.
4 Good food, service a little slow.  Vodka pasta was good and the salmon was tasty.  Angry shrimp also tasty, although they should use larger shrimp.  Location is perfect next to the stadiums.
3 The pasta was great! A friend had the sandwich and it was eh. But the worst part was that the tables are bolted to the floor!!! So our party of 7 could all sit together because there wasn't a table large enough to accommodate!
3 Stopped in for a quick nosh before heading to the Diamondbacks game with a few friends today.  The girl at the door greeted us right away and got us seated quickly.  She was very friendly and even when one of my friends spilled his water glass she cleaned it up with a smile and didn't make a big deal about it.  The happy hour is great, I'm not 100% sure of what times it goes from but lucky for us it was on when we got there.  During happy hour you get $4 frozen concoctions, $5 specialty martinis, $2 Blue Moons, and half price appetizers.  I feel like there may be even more but that's just what I remember off the top of my head.  I ordered the bruschetta and the Strand Burger.  The bruschetta was great, the bread was perfectly crispy and it was loaded with fresh tomatoes, basil and mozzarella and I think there was some kind of red wine sauce that was drizzled over it too, really tasty!  The burger however wasn't quite my cup of tea.  I can't really even explain why, almost like the flavors just didn't blend well together, but I didn't even finish half of it and a couple of my friends who tried it also felt the same way.  The Parmesan fries that came with it on the other hand were delicious!  I'll definitely come back because of the great service and the prospect of good food, I just won't be ordering the burger again.
4 Definitely a four star restaurant. Amazing decor greets you upon entrance. Don't miss the espresso and margarita drinks available frozen for $6.00. They are served with Boba large straws and have some fun floaty treats, yay! :) Yes, there's still a kid inside of me that loves to discover new flavors through a straw (or wait is that the old person inside of me?Ew.)   The LUNCH was amazing! You have your sandwiches; meatball and chicken parm, and served w/ choice of fries or salad. We had the best of both worlds and it was almost too much for two to share, but still, very good flavors and fresh ingredients.   We really enjoyed our time. A Stella that was served in the appropriate glass finished off our Satuday Funday, as the frozen drinks for $6 were very good. Not to sound cheap, because their wine menu was great, and they have a full bar, seemingly a perfect place for drinks with friends or more fancy times-- but this was lunch.   I will be back, maybe just for the really great decor and frozen drinks, but the food shouldn't be missed either. Nice spot to know about in Phoenix.
2 Certainly trendy in appearance by Phoenix standards but I would recommend many places downtown before The Strand.  The service is the worst I have had downtown.  I have dined here more than once for lunch, but will not go back.  The last time I went the server brought an incorrect lunch order to me not once, but twice. (I am talking other guests' meals, not even close to my order.)  I finally ended up with the correct meal after 30 minutes.  Totally unacceptable, especially considering our table was only one of few occupied that afternoon.    Separately, I called to inquire about catering for a corporate event.  I botched the pronunciation of a word while quickly explaining my potential order to the manager.  He proceeded to laugh at me on of the phone and continue to use the word incorrectly to mock me.  I cannot imagine that their catering business is 'booming' so I'd suggest that their staff be a little more courteous to local patrons who are willing to give it a try.
5 Fantastic Find! We both had great salads for lunch - Calamari salad for one, Pear & Goat Cheese salad for the other - and they were superb. Bread and dipping oil were also good. Service was excellent, although slow (but it WAS during Lunch Rush). Sophisticated atmosphere without  being "urban pretentious." Tables are close enough together that you'd better watch what you say if you don't want to be overheard. Check out their weekday Breakfast offerings, too - they look good. We highly recommend, and plan to go again soon.
4 The Strand is a great place for lunch. The complimentary bread basket with the pesto olive oil is reason in itself to come. I ordered the caprese sandwich with a side of fries. I couldn't believe the amount of food I got for only $8. The sandwich was great and enough for both lunch & dinner. The fries were dusted with parmesan.   In/out within about 40 minutes - not bad!
3 Very hip place right across from the diamondback stadium in downtown Phoenix. The place was packed on a Saturday night with a 45 min wait so i recommend you make reservations. My group of 6 was perfectly happy to sit at the bar. The bartender greeted us right away and asked if we wanted to sample anything after helping us narrow our selections of wine. Immediately after getting our drinks a very friendly server got our orders. We ordered appetizers but unfortunately everything came out at the same time (you may want to specify that apps come out first!). I ordered prosciutto, risotto and ricotta fried puffs that were delicious with the 2 dipping sauces as an appetizer which i shared with my friend. I also shared the veggie pizza, which was nothing to write home about. The toppings all slid off the pizza and the crust was bland. All in all i would give the atmosphere and the bartenders 4 stars but the service and the food maybe a 2. So ho to The Strand and order some drinks and an appetizer then head over to another restaurant nearby for the main course.
2 Ok so this was my first time going to The Strand. Sat at the bar because the restaurant was full which ended up working out because my bartender was very friendly and attentive. She how ever was the only thing that was good about the place. The food was sub par in my opinion, I've had much better Italian food. But the thing that will make me never come back was the rude manager, who asked my friend and me to move away from the bar and carry our conversation else where because we were in his way. THIS IS NOT HOSPITALITY! A simple excuse me would have been better.
4 This wasn't my first time going to strand. With good experiences in the past it seemed to make sense to go back on a Friday. The hostess was polite and seated us promptly. The server stopped by shortly later to take or drink orders(and we put in for the drunken cheesy bead appetizer due to happy hour ending shortly.) The drunken cheesy bread was meh, but our entrees were very good. I had the chicken something or another that the server recommended and it was the best dish of the bunch. I would recommend strand to anyone. The drinks were very tasty and strong without tasting strong. The atmosphere is nice as well.
5 The Strand has great food and fantastic service. I went there with a couple of my friends for birthday lunch, and our waitress was incredibly nice and outgoing. We ordered a variety of food, all of which was delicious. Highly recommend
4 Happy hour on a sat!! i'm a fan!!   Cold beer, blue moons for  2 :) half price appetizers calamari really good  to finish off yummy chicken pizza and validates parking!! really nice place, really cute for a day night or a girls night out!  clean and stylish and great service!
5 Amazing customer service and the Italian dip was heaven to my taste buds. Ordered the Italian dip absolutely delicious.
4 Great atmosphere with interesting lights (look like white jellyfish). Got a Chicken piccata which was delicious. TVs were conveniently placed so we were able to watch the World Series Games. Overall, a fun place to catch up with friends.
2 This place used to be the BOMB, but they changed their format from a "lunch/dinner" style place for us downtown workers, so a sit-down only place and changed the menu.....HUGE mistake, before they had an excellent chicken marsala which is was taken off the menu. Last week I had the chicken alfredo and it was HORRIBLE, the chicken tasted pre-cooked which was never an issue before, I'm sure the bowl it was served in was to compensate for serving size which was noticeably smaller than before.   I won't be back, I was soo disappointed
4 After enjoying several drinks at Lustre Bar, upstairs at Hotel Palomar, my friends, Aura C., Floyd C., and Linda, all were super hungry and decided to hit this place up to take care of that problem. What attracted me to this place? Something totally unrelated to food. The crazy looking noodle type chandeliers hanging from the ceiling! There were at least a dozen of them and you could spot them while driving by to find parking. I guess if you look at them from another angle, they could also look like jelly fish as I was told, but regardless, I was intrigued.  We asked to be sat on the patio since the evening weather was so pleasant, so they set up a table for 6 just in case a couple of more friends joined us. Little did we know that instead of 2 extra people, about 10-15 friends spotted us on the patio and ended up joining us! Although this was exciting for us, the restaurant was definitely not ready to accomodate this many people on a random weeknight, so the service was pretty slow.  I would give them notice next time to be fair, since there was already another big group inside being served.  As everyone enjoyed their drinks, Aura and I shared the Lobster Mac and Cheese. We loved this dish so much! We will return to order this again! Linda ordered the calamari to munch on, and that was also very good! Those are the only two things we tried though, so I'm curious to know what the other food is like since the Lobster Mac and Cheese was so addicting!  Kudos to The Strand for being so accomodating on short notice! I like your stylish decor and the tasty appetizers!
4 The patio area was the perfect place to enjoy dinner with a few friends.  After a few drinks upstairs, my group decided to stop here for a quick dinner before driving home.  It was perfect for our group, since it soon became about 15 people from the event upstairs.  I must say service was on the slow side, but with only one server, late night hours, and on a weekday, I give them credit.  Most likely they don't get crowds of 15 people late at night on a weekday.    Well I know it was worth the wait.  We enjoyed the lobster mac and cheese, calamari, and I had the opportunity to consume The Strand burger.  The Strand burger is a half pound of meat, Gorgonzola cheese or switch to Cheddar if need be, red onion, lettuce, and a tomato.  The Parmesan cheese fries were perfect to pass around.  Plenty of fries to share and the burger is such a large portion most will have to take some home.  I would say a great bargain for $10.    The lobster mac and cheese was a hit at our table.  Plenty of people tried it and even some who normally do not consume seafood said it was delicious.  I cannot comment on it, since I have a food allergy to it.  However based on my groups comments and general "it's good" after taking a first bite I must encourage you to try it.  Yes good food does cost a bit more, but $15 for lobster infused mac and cheese seems reasonable.    The restaurant is located right in cityscape, which is the heart of downtown Phoenix.  It has great decor and a great location.  I suggest the patio if the weather is right.  Views of the city, people, and environment makes for great entertainment while you dine.
4 Try it - cheap and good food! The bruchetta is very good..
3 Let me start by saying this place isn't BAD.....it's just not awesome. I went here on Friday night with the BF for a date and to use a Doozy Deal coup. We made reservations on opentable, which got us the table, but oddly, instead of confirming that we went to the restaurant, they cancelled our reservation. This was kind of annoying because we didn't get our points, but it could have been an honest mistake. We tried a variety of food including: arancini, drunken cheesy bread, strands w meatballs, and minestrone soup. We also got drinks- I got the Italian margarita and the BF got some white wine. His wine came out with cork or dust in it at first, but they replaced it when he told them. The marg was good, like an alcoholic slushee. The food was all pretty good...the minestrone had lots of veggies, but was on the salty side. The bread was a bit odd...did taste like wine, but I probably wouldn't order it again. The arancini were really good! They had some pancetta in it and came with a really tasty lemony sauce and a marinara. I only wish there were more of them! The 'strands' were good and the meatballs were juicy. The service was friendly but slow. Also, they brought all of our food out at the same time, which I didn't love because it made everything get cold before we got a chance to eat it...don't know why they wouldn't bring soup, then apps, then mains.....Overall, it was good...it just wasn't great....and I thought it was a bit overpriced. I would consider going back and giving them another try, especially for a happy hour or something.
4 This place was accommodating to our large party (We came in about 15 deep after a yelp event nearby... needless to say we were boisterous and thirsty!) with a section on their sidewalk patio.  It was late and they were not very busy.  The staffing was light at that time and the waitress had a hard time properly serving us along with her other tables though.  We still had fun and the food and drinks were tasty!
5 The food was excellent, the Martinis were to die for and the service was excellent. Plus Happy Hour prices made it a perfect choice
5 Friendly service, great food, affordable prices. Accommodated our group of 18 with ease. Would definitely go back if I'm ever back in Phoenix!
5 Stopped in for lunch the other day because it was close by, and WOW what a wonderful surprise! The food is delicious, great service too. I will be coming in again with my husband to taste more!
4 The lobster mac and cheese was the best I have had in a really long time.  My husband had the burger and said that it was ok.  It took quite some time to place our order, but we did have over 20 people with us and no reservation late on a weekday.  I will be going back!
5 Love the pear salad. Pizzas are good too. I have always had good service. No complaints!
4 So we got reservations on NYE and I had been wanting to check this place out for quite some time. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I liked it! The decor in the restaurant is nice, makes you wanna just hang out and have some wine and good food. I started with the crispy calamari that was served with two great sauces. The calamari was super tender and crispy, perfectly executed! I ended up going with the Prosciutto and Egg pizza, that was decent. I prefer my pizza more crisp and the eggs over easy. This pizza could have been awesoe, but the crust wasn't nearly crispy enough and the eggs seemed more scrambled. With egg on my pizza, the best part is the runny yoke on the pie, which this lacked. I'll definitely come back and give it another shot. Chalk this up as another win for Cityscape!
3 Came here for NYE dinner and I was relieved there wasn't a prixe fix menu like every other restaurant in downtown Phoenix. This was my first time here and I was pretty impressed with the size and decor. For some reason I was expecting something more casual but it was very nicely decorated and upscale.   Our server was very attentive and friendly even with the place being packed. I ordered a martini and a margherita pizza. My drink was good but I was very disappointed in the pizza. The crust and dough were very limp and cheese too thick. When I took a bite, almost all of the cheese on the slice tried to come with it because it was so thick. I had some of my husband's pizza which was only slightly better. The dough was just too limp and not what I would expect from this place. Maybe Little Caesers.   I want to go back though and give it another shot....
4 The Strand Urban Italian Food Review: 4 stars!  Walked right in on a Saturday night and was seated right away (not a game night).  Nice modern ambiance in the restaurant, good selection of pastas, pizzas, wine, martinis and other drinks in the menu.  Very friendly service as well!  I don't know how Italian this dish is...but the Lobster mac & cheese is a must try!  Very tasty, cheesy and filling!  Chicken Alla Vodka was good too and they gave us a good portion of chicken.  Complementary bread was ok, but their pesto/vinegar dip was so good!  It's also perfectly fine to share a glass of wine...they serve it like Postinos.
2 Went to The Strand last night and was disappointed enough to write a review. It was our second visit in the past six months and it will certainly be our last. For starters, the temperature inside was too cool even though the outdoor temperature was only in the upper 40's. My meal was cold halfway into it and I am a pretty fast eater (my wife reminds me).  The bread came out and the appetizer plates were still wet. We opened our napkin rolls and the napkins were still damp as if they had been taken out of the dryer far too early. My leg became chilled from the damp cloth laying on it partially due to the chilly temperature of the restaurant and partially due to the damp cloth napkin. My wife was chilly enough to order a coffee prior to dinner. Upon telling the server that she was cold and needed a cup of coffee the response was only that they did not have coffee, only espresso. My wife ordered a tea that became cold fairly quickly and as I glanced up at the large drink menu behind the bar I saw that they had Cafe Americano listed. That would have been a good suggestion for a coffee substitute had our server been on her game. The appetizer, Risotto Arancini, was so-so. My wife's Meatballs and "Strands" was served warm but she felt as though the meatballs were previously frozen and not homemade. Nothing to write home about. My entree, Chicken Piccata, was lacking in the flavor department and as I previously mentioned was cold half way through trying to enjoy it. Apart from the restaurant being too cold there was nothing terrible about the experience it's just that is was a mediocre meal with less that professional service. The server that waited on the table next to us squatted down and rested his arms on one of the table's chairs to take their order. Unfortunately we see this a lot in our current society but I want a professional, well informed yet non-intrusive server that adds to the quality of the dinning experience. Not another dinner buddy. This was not "A Unique Dining Experience" that they self proclaim. Just over priced for the sub-par dining experience.
4 Visited my friend at work and we decided to try this place out. There was a company Xmas party so it was kind of loud, but we didn't mind. The Risotto Arancini was hot crispy and delicious. For main course I suggest you order the Pancetta and Peas, there's all kinds of good shit in there.
4 This place is in my top 2 favorite places I tried in Phoenix. The arrogant butcher being the other. The food and service were great. To top it off, it was ladies night, so we got appetizers for half off! Perfect!  The stand outs were: the lobster mac & cheese, Linguini Pomodoro with shrimp, Drunken Cheesy Bread, Parmesan Fries, and the salmon. It was all so good!
3 Stopped in here for during a "Taste tours" tour of downtown PHX.  The bruchetta was fine but the bread could have been toasted, it was too soft and the mix soaked in too much.  The pasta was fine, but not spectacular.  We ordered the "italian margarita" but I'm not sure why it was considered "italian".  It tasted like a regular margarita but extremely frozen.  We had the worst brain freezes of our life.  My whole group of friends, all five of us, found it painful to finish our drinks.  The atmosphere was pretty, not a bad place to grab a quick drink, but I wouldn't make the trek out to phoenix for this restaurant.
5 This is a TOP Restaurant on FoodTube.net, The Video Guide to TOP Restaurants.  Check out their video:  http://foodtube.net/video/italian-the-strand-phoenix-az
1 This place was terrible. Lobster Mac and Cheese was the worst I've ever had. They just took penne lobster and cheese and through it together. Very unimaginative. Service was dreadful too.  Waitress took our drink and appetizer order then disappeared for 40 minutes, and I'm not exaggerating.  I won't be returning. There are no less than one hundred Italian Restaurants in the Valley that are better than this place.  I should have known when the Titled kilt and Arrogant Butcher each had over an hour wait to be seated and the Strand had an empty restaurant that there was a reason for that.
4 I'll agree with many that have reviewed here that the service could have been better but, with that said, the food was fantastic and is the reason for the four stars. The Chicken Parm plate was tasty and the Drunken Cheesy Bread appetizer got me buzzed, no joke. I am a bit of a lightweight I suppose... All in all, it was a good atmosphere, good food, with slow drink service, and that didn't bother me much.
4 Love this place. It's solid Americanized Italian food. Seating is always fast and friendly, service was just okay. The ambiance is funky and modern yet comfy. The outside patio area is my favorite place to sit, great people watching! The portions are giant. It's a great place to go before/after a Suns game or any other event night downtown.  FOOD: The chicken sandwich has good flavor, but is a little sloppy. The French Dip was great, I would order it again. The Parmesan Fries are yummy. The donuts were PERFECT for dessert!
3 I think I went to a different restaurant than the other reviewers. Maybe we should have gone with the Pasta but I was very unimpressed. We started out with the Green Tea and Marinated Olives. The tea was very good and they had Stevia which is a bonus. The crustini bread that came with the olives was very tasty. We decided to split a Pepperoni and Olive Pizza and a Caramelized Pear Salad for our mains. The Salad would easily have served two as a main or four as a side. The Pears were quite tasty but the ratio of lettuce to toppings was very off. We managed to get a few slices of pear, fig and a few walnuts that had worked their way to the the bottom. The dressing was not quite right but if there were more toppings it would be decent. The pizza on the other hand tasted like the Chef Boyardee Pizza Kits. Honestly that is what it tasted like. The olives were canned black olive slices despite the menu stating kalamata olives. The service was very odd. We had two different servers that apparently did not talk to each other. They did manage to keep our drinks refilled but they brought out the olives then a couple minutes later brought everything else out. We had to move things to another table to make it all fit. She did apologize but it seemed they could have timed it better considering the restaurant was mostly empty. I really wanted to like this place. I think they could make things work with a decent manager and a Chef other than "Boyardee" in the kitchen. Hopefully the owner will try some of the great pizzas we have in Phoenix such as Federal Pizza, Cibo, La Grande Orange... and see that there are better pizzas out there that don't come in a box. I debated about giving them a 2 but it was closer to a 3 overall and since Yelp doesn't do half points they get 3 but I recommend skipping the pizza and hoping the pasta and big plates are better. Maybe they will get things right eventually.
3 We went here last night after the Symphony and it was okay. They told us when we walked in that they were no longer serving dinner, only appetizers, salads, and pizza, which was fine with us: my wife wanted a salad and I wanted pizza.   We sat on the patio and our waitress was right over to take our drink orders, and then back a few minutes later with our wine. My wife ordered the salmon salad, and I had the chicken pizza. The waitress came back a few minutes later to report that they were out of salmon, so she ordered the pear salad.   Our food came, and although the pizza looked good, it was just okay. The big slice of chicken breast on the pizza made it hard to eat...maybe shredded chicken would be easier. The pizza was warm, but not hot enough to give you that little blister on the roof of your mouth. I didn't eat the last two slices because they were cold after I'd eaten the first four. My wife's salad was fine, although she remarked that there were a lot of greens and not as much "good stuff."  I don't know that I'd say to my wife, "Hey, let's drive downtown and mess around with parking and go to the Strand," but as a casual place within walking distance of Symphony Hall it was fine. We'd probably go back.
4 Adam, the bartender (manager?) is a great restaurant employee. I wasn't the biggest fan of a small part of my salad. The eggplant was not very good. I ate the rest of my salad, (it was really good minus the eggplant).  Adam was concerned over my experience and offered solutions to make it better.  I left feeling good about my experience and will definitely go back.
3 Italian Roast Beef: actually a sandwich. That wasn't clear on the menu, but not a big deal, because it was good. Made better by the aioli dip and fries. Lobster Mac n Cheese: really tasty. Rum-drenched cake with ice cream: perfect ending. And one of the nicest parts of the whole evening was the girl who waited on us, Kristen (sp?) who was back-and-forth at tables and the bar. We're happy customers. Maybe double-check your Apple map directions when trying to find the place.
2 Was pretty pumped to try a new place downtown, but 'meh' pretty much sums it up.  Service was fine, but our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed by the number of tables she had. The location is good (cityscape), and the decor inside is really cute, with these lamps that kinda look like they're made out of spaghetti (a STRAND of spaghetti, I'd say). Prices are about what you'd expect - $15ish for a pasta plate. Unfortunately, the food just isn't great. The standout of the evening was actually the drunken bread, which we gobbled up quite quickly. After that, the pasta primavera and chicken alfredo were just bland, and the sausage pizza was actually not good. They're going for the artisan/napoleon style (I think), but instead of being delicious and chewy, the crust was just soggy and limp. The cheese and sausage toppings were no better. It's an ok place if you have no other option, but in downtown phx, you have many other options. I won't be returning.
1 My boyfriend and I walked into this restaurant to try something new.  We sat outside.  The service was extremely slow.  Our server looked like she was not all there- she could hardly speak in complete sentences and her eyes where rolling around.  We ordered and when our lunch came out - I was totally disgusted by the smell of my plate. I picked at my food and the Quinoa vegetable smelled like sour milk or rotten something. My boyfriend had the roast beef sandwich and the meat was spoiled- he had an upset stomach and soon after he was vomiting. The manager asked us to never show our faces again at the restaurant. Trust US....we won't.  The health department needs to pay a visit to his place.
2 Another trendy spot with not so hot food.  We had the Lobster Mac and Cheese and the Pancetta Pasta with sweet peas both were really bland.  The rice ball appetizer with two dipping sauces was delightful however.    This may be better spot for drinks and appetizers.
4 My BIL, my son (who's a toddler) and I ate here. We stopped a couple of places down first, but apparently that place doesn't like kids because they had neither booster seats or high chairs. So The Strand it was. We both had the chicken with vodka sauce, which we both really liked. He also had the house Merlot which he thought was really good. The service was fairly attentive, forgot just one item. But I ordered from the Kid's menu, wanting spaghetti for my little guy, and the menu listed penne. I knew that was a no go. So she said she could sub in another pasta. Was is spaghetti? No, but very close. Are the noodles thicker? Yes, but it's just like spaghetti, promise.  I said I was unsure, she assured me it was similar enough. My son isn't old enough to have figured out the conversation himself, but he was sure that wasn't spaghetti when it hit the table. Wouldn't touch it. Fortunately I had brought  a couple of things with me so I fed him those instead, but we didn't need to waste money on his kid's meal.
3 The Strand drew my attention when I first saw it and promised I would come back because it seemed interesting. The best part of the visit was the fact that our waiter was nice enough to stamp on my receipt to validate my parking because I lost my ticket from the parking garage below the restaurant (CityScape). He was very accommodating and unfortunately that's about how good the experience was here.   The spaghetti with meatballs and balsamic vinegarette salad were horrible. The spaghetti tasted border-line elementary school cafeteria-ish, cheap and bland. Honestly, I felt like Oregano's spaghetti is better! Yes, I preferred a major chain over this.   The salad was luke warm, wilted and soggy. It made me wonder if this was left under the heat lamp with the spaghetti. The cheese pizza was gobbled by my 3 year old, so I'm glad he enjoyed himself quite well.  The rating would be lower if it wasn't for the great attitude of the waiter, but the food alone will not get me back.
2 Went with a group of people prior to the Fleetwood Mac concert.  We had reservations, which was an excellent thing to do!  Started with the calamari, which came with one sauce and not the two on the menu.  It was typical calamar, nothing to write home for.  Friends had the much recommended Lobster Mac and Cheese and neither finished their plates...kept saying it was very fishy.  I had the chicken piccata, which did not come with nor was I offered soup or salad as the menu says.  Very salty dish and did not finish it.  One other person had the Linguini Pomodoro and she said it was "ok".  Apparently the air conditioner wasn't working because it was extremely warm inside and we actually had words with the hostess when she kept closing the big door.  Most likely won't be back...this was one of those try and not again places.
4 A good place for downtown. Always a solid experience.
5 what a burger.. Clean joint and great service....
1 Very disappointing. Boring, unoriginal, faux Italian food. Seems to me the chef enjoys using that fryalotor instead of grilling or sauteing... which take skill, of course. My companion's side of chicken was not grilled, but deep fried. Which is odd, because the chicken on my caramelized pear salad was obviously boiled.  Another guest's fried zucchini was heavily coated with breadcrumbs, heavy & barely edible.   It's a great location, good atmosphere, but I will definitely not be returning. Service was mediocre.
4 Solid.  I was looking for something new to do for lunch, and my boss suggested The Strand. having not been fully committed to this place (I'd been here previously and was not impressed), I decided to give it a second chance. And I'm glad I did. Their chicken Parmesan is hugely proportioned with a generous amount of garlic/parm fries. Wasn't even able to finish it. I'm so looking forward to getting a second meal out of this.
3 3.5 stars. Had the crab linguini which was the daily special it was just ok. Would have liked to been offered bread or salad. Plus no real cheese sprinkled on the pasta... The kid liked the meatball & strands. Next time i'll try the drunken bread, lobster Mac and fig bruschetta.
5 Favorite Italian place in Phoenix. I've ordered multiple dishes and they were all amazing. They rotate in new dishes regularly so there's always something new to try. Very friendly upbeat staff!
4 Four of us enjoyed our dining experience at this restaurant....  Food was very good.   Pasta dishes were nice and hot and tasty. Ordered a half a salad and it was more than enough for two.   Huge dish of pasta which we two shared.   Desserts were tasty.  Service was great and our waitress/bartender was terrific.   I forget her name.  We arrived at 5:00 PM and shortly after that the restaurant was packed...   so,  go early to enjoy your dining.
1 The food arrived quick. It took them no time at all to pull the bolognese sauce out of the can.  The only thing good about the restaurant is the location. But it does not make up for the meals. Not going back.
5 Found this place in October,  loved it and came back for our 32nd anniversary dinner.  Lobster Mac & Creamy Alfredo the best!
1 The waitress was fairly nice. She never came over to our table and asked how things were. My husband got a refill finally after he was done with his meal. AS I was looking around the tables I seen that they were getting bread. Our bread came literally 10 mins before our meal. They were not busy but got the worst service. I expected top notch cause we PAID top Notch. My food was disgusting, my cheese was not melted and my plate was cold! My daughter had the chicken fingers which she didn't really eat cause the chicken had NO flavor what so ever and our waitress never came by to ask if she needed any condiments. At then end of the meal never asked how anything was no manager or nobody came to our table to see how everything was. Would never go back.
4 Went here in Sept '13 and had a great time. I had the lobster Mac n cheese which was great. Good selection of beers and wine. The server was probably the best part! I think her name was Kristen but she was from IL as well and gave us a ton of cool places to try out and bars to go to. She pretty much made our night, I just wish we went there earlier in our trip.
2 I had the Quinoa dish which are server spoke raves about but I think it was only because it was getting close to closing time she wanted us to just order something on the menu. I felt pressured and was not satisfied at all with my dish, I also had the cucumber martini which was deliciously refreshing. I'll probably go back and try some of the other dishes that sounded good, but I hope not to have the same server she was so unprofessional and made us feel rushed the entire time.
4 Enjoyed the Tortellini and the service was excellent. Bypass the wanna be places like the Tilted Kilt in this area and go to a real place for food.
4 Sat at the bar and had a wonderful meal as well as attentive service.  Will definitely come back and hopefully have time to enjoy a more relaxed meal.
5 First visit, and a great experience. Service was awesome and the food as well. Great wine recommendation.
3 Based on the previous reviews and pics, thought we would love this place. It's not bad and not amazing either, glorified bar food.  Hostess seemed a bit confused about seating options.  The decor was pretty cool, but having tables right in front of the door with no where for waiting patrons to hangout (the bar was packed) was a bit uncomfortable.  Might try it again.
4 Came here looking for a good carbo load opportunity the night before the rock and roll marathon. This place did not disappoint. The pasta was perfectly tender on my bolognese, and while I am not sure why they call the breadsticks "drunken" they were buttery and soft. Price was perhaps more than the food was worth, but the staff were attentive and professional. I was seated at the bar instantly on entering, no wait.   One improvement could be made with the ladies running around. The cross between entirely professional and almost wearing lingerie felt off putting. But don't let that stop you from enjoying a game at the bar or a night with your friends. Absolutely would come back by myself or with friends/family.  Decor is modern and attractive, white tabletops look amazing and show if they are not clean: I love that kind of accountability!
2 I heard some good stuff about this place. When you first walk in, it was good ambience. Food was average. My boboyfriend ordered chicken alla vodka and I ordered the Margarita pizza. However, service was horrible. The waitress would walk off as you are talking to her. The first was when I got up to ask for ranch dressing I walked up to her. As I was talking she walked away. The second time was when I asked for a box. But overall,  good food.
5 Sit in the back by the storage closet..... And get the Mac n Cheese........ The End........ And get a Sangria..... The real end...... Now will this post or is it still too short for posting
4 This is a fantastic Italian restaurant in downtown Phoenix.  I have come here alone for a quick lunch, with friends, and with my wife!  it's always a good meal. Service is fast, chicken parmesan is fantastic. Ideal location and decent pricing.
5 Nom, nom, nom!!!! So good! Never had a bad meal! Everything is amazeballs. My favorite is the steak and kale salad. Last week I tried one of the pastas cuz they always look so good when I see them go by. Again they surpassed my expectations. We ALWAYS get the calamari and it's THA BOMB! I love this place. I can't say enough good things. The service is always great, food is spectacular, and it's just easy and fun and accessible. Love it!
5 I really enjoyed dinner here. Loved the ambience, which reminded me of being in NYC. The service was excellent as was the food. Highly recommend.
1 I have visited this restaurant once before for lunch. I had a salad. Nothing to write home about. So when I had a dinner meeting scheduled last night at Strand, I had no expectations. The food was non significant but not horrible. The salmon I order well came to the table medium rare. I ate two bites at the ends. The rest was inEdible. After paying our bill, my group of four noticed a cockroach as big as my thumb crawling against the wall. It made my skin crawl! I showed the slow crawling cockroach to the waitress. She didn't flinch. She signaled she saw the roach with a nod of her head the shouted out to someone by the kitchen as to signal "another roach sighting".   I will not be back every again. This morning my stomach is turning and I have been in the bathroom on and off. Not sure if it was the Angry Shrimp (which was too spicy to enjoy) or an indication of a nasty kitchen. Eat at your own risk.
2 My wife's seafood pasta special of the night was good, but my bolognaise was straight out of a can, and not worth eating.  The service was very good, ambiance was decent, but I wouldn't go back.
5 This restaurant is the best in Phoenix!! I had a Marguerite pizza and it was absolutely delicious! I also had a Cesar salad that was so fresh! My dad had a salmon plate and he could not stop talking about how good it was! I was surprised about how good it was for being a corner restaurant!
4 The food was decent, pretty big portions. Their service was great!!!! I believe our waitress was named Ashely... She was amazing. Super friendly never had to flag her down for anything. She definitely made our experience that much better.
3 Service and attention is definitely slow. The sound system is annoying with a loud, thumping bass. Not something I want while eating. I've been waiting twenty minutes and am sitting with bread and water.  Just received my side, dinner salad. Very large for the $3 price. Also very bland. I asked for more salad dressing and almost finished m my salad before it came. I hope the entree exceeds the experience so far.  Redemption... sort of. A very large chicken parmigiana. Adequate flavor. Certainly does not lure me to take another bite.  They should put a little more attention to flavor and service and not impress people just with portion size.
5 Great lil gem. Make sure to ask for Ashley! Knows the menu, friendly personality wo being over bearing! We had shrimp and bread apps. Great sauces on both!  Only minimal downside is that we'd have liked more sauce with the mussels. Great experience.
3 Nice atmosphere. Generous portions. Salad was excellent. Pasta (it was the daily special, so I don't know a name) was cooked well; sauce was tasty but nothing spectacular. House-prepared bread pudding was very good. Modest wine list, but adequate variety.  My service was lousy, but everyone has a bad night. Yours would probably (and easily) be better.  Price and convenient location were other criteria for me. All things considered, I got what I bargained for.
5 The food here is amazing. The staff is super friendly.   The restaurant is also very clean!  I would recommend coming here when in the downtown Phoenix area!
3 The Strand's an Italian restaurant downtown Phoenix. Their food's good and price wise's normal for Italian food. The restaurant has a cool modern vibe. It's a nice place to go out to lunch and there aren't that many options downtown.  Getting in and out of the restaurant in 1h isn't easy and that's all we have for lunch. They're good with reservations, though so that's a plus.  I usually get the Caprese Sandwich with Parmesan fries and I've also had the grilled chicken sandwich and a prosciutto pizza before. I'm the kind of person that sticks to one menu item forever but I've tried several plates from The Strand.  Food's good, not great, not bad but we went back today for a birthday celebration and we noticed portions are smaller and less ingredients being used on their pizzas (like less prosciutto, less tomato sauce, etc).  We don't know if it's a one time issue or if they're trying to reduce costs without raising their prices.  Time will tell...
2 Let me start off by saying that the only reason I'm giving this place a 2 star is because the manager ended up comping our meal at the end.  So, let's start with "the good". The look of the restaurant is spectacular. It looks Italian, and decor is intriguing (esp. the lights over each table). If Yelp was based on looks alone, the Strand would be a solid 5. Too bad for the Strand that this is not the case...  Now for "the bad". The bad outweighs the good like a boulder outweighs a crumb, so let me put this in list form.  1.) The service: We entered this establishment with no prior knowledge of it, no bias. After taking a seat, the four of us ordered our meals shortly after. Another family entered the Strand approximately 10 minutes after us and were seated at the empty table next to us. Their food was served to them 10 minutes before ours made it out to us. One of the folks in our party very specifically ordered their dish without mushrooms. It was brought out with mushrooms. Some time passed before we spotted our server (or A server for that matter) and catching her to let her know of the mistake wasn't an easy feat. Finally, the dish was corrected, though it was brought out after everyone else had:  finished their plates. And although the rest of our dinners were less than desirable, we ate most it because we were all hungry and there were no servers around to bring this up to.  2.) The food: The mushroom thing; okay, that's an honest mistake (though the time it took to correct it was not), but even when they brought out the plate for the 2nd time, the rice was undercooked and crunchy, and it lacked any flavor at all. Everyone at the table tried a bite to confirm this. The pasta another person at our table ordered was overcooked and soggy, while the pizza my wife and I ordered was burned to a crisp. Of course, we would have complained earlier on in our visit if the servers were actually around and didn't dart out of sight as soon as you spotted them.   3.) The overall experience: Chef Ramsay would have a heyday with this place. Aside from the food that makes one wonder if the chef themselves have ever actually tasted it, and the absent servers, the manager himself didn't seem to understand what constructive criticism is. When he finally came out after requesting him twice, he didn't seem to like what we had to say and tried negating our complaints with the fact that three of the four of us had eaten most of what we'd ordered (after we'd explained the server situation). He asked for constructive criticism, to which we explained that every complaint we had actually was constructive as he could use it to improve upon his business (duh.) He threw his arms up frustrated and said, "Fine, you're meals comped" before storming off. I felt bad for a few seconds and then I suddenly didn't anymore. The food sucked, the service was terrible, and because of the terrible service we reluctantly nibbled on the sucky food. I'd have felt violated if we would had to pay for that craptastic experience.   This place deserves a 1 star review, but because of the manager's decision to do the right thing at the end, I decided to be kinder to their overall rating. I hope that the manager used our constructive criticism to make dining at the Strand more pleasant for future customers.
4 We ate here last Friday (6/6/14) with family and friends (6 of us in total). We were sat immediately when we entered. Since we wanted something quick, and "cheap" (lol, it's downtown Phoenix, nothing is "cheap" there!), this was the place we ended up at.  Inside they have high ceilings, and lamps that drop from them, the lamps were fun to look at and a great way to start a conversation. They have two large TV's on either side of the restaurant so you can watch the game at the bar or while eating. They also have an outdoor patio with misters if you want to eat outside.  The booths are made for large groups. Even small groups are grouped with other spots in the large booths, the only way to have an individual table is if you ate outside, or got a table for two along the wall. The Strand is almost a hole in the wall restaurant, it's thrown under Tilted Kilt, and sitting next to The Arrogant Butcher, so it's rather overlooked by a lot of foot traffic.  Their menu is large, everything from salads to pastas to pizzas and drinks thrown into the mix. Orders were: Chicken Alfredo, Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese, Burger, Salmon Dish, Salad.  I tried some of the Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese, it's spicy but good at the same time, it came to us with the cheese still bubbling and piping hot. The Chicken Alfredo is a simple dish, nothing to write home about, but I wanted something simple that night! I stole some of my mother's Parmesan fries from her plate, they didn't have a Parmesan taste, but they were really crispy and tasted good when dipped in their basil vinaigrette dip they bring to you with some bread while you wait for your meal to cook up.  Our waitress was a doll, she kept our cups filled and made sure we had everything. We chatted with the manager afterwards for a little bit too, if I'm in need for some easy Italian food around the Convention Center again, I'll be stopping by here!
5 Food was fantastic,  service was excellent,  price was a good value.  Easy to spend money at Cityscape and get a lot less for your money than Strand.
