5 Shop owner Aaron Neiman is an amazing tattoo artist!! You'll get great work here without a doubt!!
5 Stopped by tonight to check out this new shop and get one of the $13 dollar 13s because its Friday the 13th.  This shop has an awesome setup with a nice waiting area. I had Josh Wilcox do the work on me and my girl and he was super awesome. Everyone in the shop was very nice and helpful while we decided what we were going to get. The shop was uber clean and very brightly lite. Had a great experience and will be back in the future for more work.  If you're looking for a nice shop in town to get great work done and don't want to deal with any bs like at some shops this is the place to go
5 A truly unique custom tattoo shop.  Aaron and Josh are two of the finest custom artists in town. Btw, checkout their "Holy Shitter"..Awkward
5 I've had over 20 hours of work done by Aaron, and he is the absolute BEST at bright colors and flow. I could gush for hours about how amazing he is. Also, his shop is decorated beautifully. It's very warm feeling, and clean. No harsh fluorescent lights and generic flash tattoo boards cluttering the walls. GO TO HERITAGE.
5 Great tattoo shop. Highly recommend Anthony Ortega!!!   I wouldn't let anyone else in Las Vegas tattoo me.
5 This is the last tattoo shop you will need to visit in Las Vegas. No one is better, more detailed, passionate and creative as Aaron Neiman (the owner) is. I went in wanting a Sugar Skull and came out with the finest half sleeve Sugar Skull I have ever seen! I have 5 more sessions set up with him to finish my arm. There is no question, from the responses I've received, that his work is second to none. Don't take my word for check out his work on-line.
5 Heritage Tattoo is by far the BEST tattoo shop in town. Aaron Neiman is a great artist, he draws your custom tattoo from scratch, rest assured no one else will have that same tattoo. He listens to your preferences and fuses in his knowledge with the topic, whether its historical background, a modern take, a hybrid of two or more ideas or concepts, or even his artistic twist. Whatever the case, the tattoo comes to life. He will not steer you wrong. He invests the necessary time and effort to assure the best for your intention. He starts with very clean and detailed lines and his eye for color and shading is amazing. I had a chance to meet Mario Barth from King Ink at The Mirage and even he admired Aaron's work on my sleeve.   The shop itself is very clean and welcoming, no cliche tattoo shop embellishments. You'll see all the books that Aaron devoured which gave him all his knowledge on so many topics. You'll also see his drawings and paintings hanging on the walls. Only proves that this shop is no joke. Much respect.
5 Heritage Tattoo needs to be recognized as top of the line when it comes to custom skin art.  You can go anywhere and get a tattoo, if you go to this shop you are getting  true art. The shop is well kept, designed beautifully has 3 incredible artists that won't let you down. I just had the  first session done of a half sleeve and I am blown away at the technique and talent that Aaron Neiman has. He is super light handed, does incredibly clean lines and there doesn't seem to be any scabbing at all.  I'm am so excited for my second session to see the shading and color go in! My hubby had Anthony do some lettering on his side at the same time and was just as pleased! He was so impressed with Anthony's work that he has booked him to add to it. If you are on a search for the best artist and shop in LV, you won't be sorry in checking out these guys.
5 By far the coolest shop in town! Aaron, Josh and Anthony set an incredibly positive vibe to make it a great experience all together. Awesome artists, amazing vibe and yes, the "Holy Shitter" is an experience you can't miss.
5 The place to get a tattoo in Vegas...Aaron, Josh, and Anthony have incredible talent and are completely professional. Aaron tattooed my 1/2 sleeve and everyone who sees it is amazed...especially myself!!!
5 I literally signed up to yelp just to give this shop a great rating! I just had a tattoo finished by Josh Wilcox at Heritage this past weekend, and I must say he did a great job.  The shop is clean, cool and inviting. My experience there was 5 stars for sure. I will be back for more work!
5 I live in Las Vegas, NV and had been looking for a good tattoo shop with great tattoo Artists. I came across Heritage Tattoo, carefully read the reviews and checked out the website. (First time tattoo ever) So i took my time making sure I was choosing the right place. Soon after I went down to the shop to meet with Aaron Neiman and explain to him my details of the tattoo I wanted. He in person is a great guy, understands what you explain, and truly listens to you. Not like other shops where its so cut throat, what do you want, where do you want it, alright nice doing business. He stood there with myself, and my boyfriend and listened.  I decided yulp this is who i want to do my work, after the meeting with him I set up my appointment with his assistant Sam. Scheduling was a little out but, hey you choose the best, you be patient and you will LOVE your work.  I went in for my tattoo just this past Wednesday - a little nervous (first timer) and let me explain how great of an experience it was. The shop is beautiful, tons of artwork designed by the guys in the shop, great music just loud enough to calm you and hear them. He hand drew the work on me which i completely loved. I believe any girl would agree we all run differently being that I'm 5'4 110lbs it was nice to have him freehand and draw accustom to my body. My first session went great and the lines, and lettering are flawless!! I chose a quote on my back that runs from the shoulder down to right below my waste line -  and am scheduling my second session to add the things i wanted around the quote..  ALL in ALL - If you are looking for a good shop, I'd recommend this shop, any of the guys, they take their time, their color, work, and details are beautiful!   You will not walk away unhappy.  Hope this helps anyone looking!! (: (:  Good Luck!
5 LOVE this place. Thank you fellow YELPERS for sharing your reviews. I took you up on it and I agree 110%. My husband and I did not have an appointment but, we were driving by so we stopped. Josh Wilcox is who greeted us and is the one who did our tats. Very friendly, clean and not a heavy hand tattooing!  The décor in this place is awesome!! If you ever saw the show on tv about Oddities. They have them everywhere! My husband used the restroom and said it was like he was in the Vatican.  I got a small butterfly and my husband got our late cat Nicholas' face on his arm. The work Josh did and the attention to color and detail is amazing. I love my butterfly but, he made our boy come alive on my husbands arm. He traced the picture to shrink it to size and used the color photo for all the detailing.  Josh Wilcox is our tattoo artist and we will be back for more. There were two other guys there as well and the work they were doing looked awesome as well. They are open 11am to 11pm. Also CASH ONLY!! There is a CVS acrossed the street with an ATM if you need it :)
5 My girlfriend and I both get tattooed here.  She's gotten work by Josh, and I've collected art from Josh, Anthony, and Brett. We are both stopped when we are out by people asking us where we got our great tattoos from.   The shop itself is beautiful, and filled with what you can tell is their inspiration. It's also super clean, and well organized. The bathroom is stellar. If you've been there, you know.   All the guys (and gals) who work there are genuine, and care about the pieces they create. They are also very prompt and professional when communicating about setting up appointments, drafting sketches, etc. Never any moment when I felt left hanging.   By far the best tattoo experience I've ever had, and I will continue going there until I run out of room on my body.
1 Totally unprofessional. I was planning a trip to Las Vegas form LA. I wrote to Heritage many weeks in advance to get an appointment and book an artist. Brett was supposed to be my artist. Sam the office manager said he had availability when i was wanting to come in and to send pix of what i wanted. I sent plenty of detailed pictures and never heard back. two weeks later i wrote again to say what was up. sam finally wrote back to say brett must have "overlooked" my e mail and now there was no availability and sorry but  basically i was out of luck. SOOOOO unprofessional. i started this process far in advance not some last minute thing. i am really really pissed off at thier lack of professionalism. They have ruined my trip
5 These guys are theee best. If your looking for a great tattoo in Vegas this is the spot! Did a 4 hr sesh and only cost me $350 and I tipped them $75 because the detail was so exquisite. Josh Wilcox is the best. I don't think ill get a big tattoo like I did from anyone else. All the people that give 1 star are obviously not in their right mind. Dont listen to them! Ill post my tat in 2 weeks when it heals! More than I expected! I can't get over how sick it looks! Already got tons of compliments on it!
5 My boyfriend and I have loved this place since the day it opened. Besides the amazingly kind and talented artists, there's not many shops that feel as classy and clean as Heritage. Just walking in brings you into a whole side of the tattoo scene Vegas has never seen.
5 I had the pleasure to be tattoo'd by Schwab. He did an amazing job, and even had time to squeeze us in last minute. Very welcoming shop, and I will be back.
5 I chose to get my usual birthday tattoo at Heritage due to the good reviews I'd read.  I made an appointment with Josh Wilcox, and he was an excellent artist.  Super friendly, and very patient even though I made him redraw my tattoo three times to get it perfectly symmetrical.  He works very quickly, and the pieces he's done on me healed faster than any of my other tattoos.  Now I'm from L.A., but I go to Vegas regularly, and I am always happy to take time out of my visits to give him my business.
5 Josh is the best, amazing! Very sweet. Been over a year and looks like the same day as I got it done. No complaints at all.
