5 Boyd and his installer were very nice to work with, they communicated well and best of all, were able to have our blinds up 2 days after closing on our home; lead time was within 2 weeks. Fantastic job and we love our blinds.
5 Boyd was so easy to work with and his pricing was much more reasonable then the big box stores. My 2" wooden blinds are beautiful and I just called him again to get sun screens. His customer service and prices are hard to beat - highly recommended!
5 Boyd's Blinds and Drapes is definitely the place to go for shades, shutters, or blinds. They do fantastic work, and provide a high level of customer service that you just don't find anymore.  Boyd actually answers all your questions, provides color samples, and makes sure the product will match. The prices are good, and the quality is even better. Oh, and did I mention the lifetime guarantee? If you want your shutters done right, done fast, and not have to worry about being over-charged, check out Boyd's!
5 Customer service was amazing! I was worried about finding the right color to match the paint that was already in my new home. He provided color samples and was very knowledgable on the product, and the price was great. The shutters were installed the week after I ordered them. The installer was very friendly, in and out in no time, and they matched perfecly! I highly recommend Boyd and will use him again for my next move!
5 My grandparents recently moved and were in need of some shutters for the giant bay windows in their living room. One of my colleagues recommended we meet with Boyd from Boyd's Blinds and Drapes. I'm so glad we listened! He definitely didn't disappoint. Boyd came to the consultation prepared with samples and pictures of his work, and we new right then he was the right person for the job. The new shutters look fantastic, provide the perfect amount of style and privacy and my grandparents were so excited to support a local small business.
5 I used boyds blinds to do my window treatments which included a combination of things...shutters, some cell shades, and wood blinds... I went out and got other estimates to compare prices. He wasn't the lowest price, but I am super glad I went with my guy. I am very happy with the QUALITY and especially the service that i received for my money.... I believe that you get what you pay for.   Overall I would definitely recommend him to my friends and coworkers. He may not be the cheapest, but he certainly isn't going to be the most expensive by any means, I guarantee you will LOVE the final product.
5 We just build a home in Gilbert we had several estimates from various  companies, Boyd came out to give us an estimate he took the time to explain the different options and quality of blinds and shutters. We had told him we were in a bit of a time crunch and he said he would do everything possible to make it happen. Not only was his pricing competitive but his quality and service was exceptional.  I have recommended him to my friends and the people in our new housing development. Great job!
5 It was sunrise, as a prepared for my daily routine before work with a healthy dose of news and coffee. For the fifth day in a row in my new home, my anger was growing as the glare from the piercing sunlight crept and consumed the television screen like a virus.   I needed some sort of window coverings, but I admittedly was very naive as to where to seek advice and what to purchase. I was referred over to Boyd's Blinds from a friend and customer of Boyd's, and could not have been more satisfied with the level and quality of service and finished product. In my initial consultation Boyd walked me through the variety of window covering options and I was surprised to learn how many options I had. Based on my needs, he helped me narrow down and determine that shutters were the best option for me within my budget. He walked me through every step of the process and delivered as promised.  I had an excellent experience with Boyd and his team. Whether you have foreknowledge of what varietal of window coverings your home needs, or you are like me, and need assistance, he answers questions and gets it done. Although I still watch the news in disgust, it isn't because I cannot seen the screen.
