5 I trust Mary with my dogs. She is very trustworthy, dependable and very affordable compared to any other pet sitter. Two thumbs up!
5 Mary is the best. She was recommended to me by several people in my neighborhood. She not only walks my dog, but I use her services for pet sitting when we go on vacation.   I highly recommend her, and our dog does too!!!!
5 I had to write another review since I was so pleased with my service. I live out of state and my mom had to go into the hospital and was there for over a week. At the last minute we were able to use Mary's services to make sure my mom's dogs were taken care of while she was in the hospital.
1 I hired Mary for 5 30min visits for morning and afternoon on Saturday and Sunday then a morning visit on Monday.   She asked if I had cameras in the meet and greet I know why.  I do have ADT and it records when my doors are opened and closed. for the 1st visit she was here for 7min she did feed and water however she didn't walk  the 1yr 1/2 puppy.  she text right after she came in the door to tell me they were good. 2nd visit was and evening visit for 4min again recorded by my ADT service. 3rd visit was a morning visit for 6min.  Again she did feed and water.  I texted her to ask how the walks went she prompt replied the pup is excited about his walks and the older one spends a lot of time on the couch.  When I called her and told her she wasn't able to walk the pup she was on here 7min, 4min, and 6min respectively.  She told me she walked him in the backyard. They have a doggie door.   I had to cut my trip short. When I asked her how long she was here she told me long enough. She did refund 3 visits but I wouldn't recommend her.
5 We have been using Mary for over a year now. We can leave for a day or two weeks and we know our puppies will have the best care ever !! Mary goes out of her way to make sure all aspects of our furried family are well under control and takes over as both mommy and daddy are away. Thank you Affordable Pet Sitter!!
5 I recently started using Mary as our pet sitter and have had a wonderful experience.  Our pets love her and have thrived in her care.  Because one of my dogs needs medication and is prone to seizures, I was very concerned during my absence.  Mary handled everything with great care.  She also put out the trash, watered the plants, brought in the mail and picked up the poop.  I almost didn't call her because of an unfavorable review here but am glad I did.  Now, I wouldn't trust anyone else with my babies.  Super satisfied.
