3 Randomly changing it up from Subway...and I had a coupon :o) Thank goodness for the coupon... Had the Chipotle Philly--yummy! Cheesey and meaty, included onions and peppers. There was another option with jalapenos and shrooms that sounded pretty good too. Choice of wheat or white bread and they slice the meat right there. Since it was a hot sub, I ended up waiting about 5-10 minutes from when I paid.  Here's why I thank the coupon--$7 for the sammich! Not the meal, just the sammy. I understand that not everywhere has a $5 footlong, but for the meal, you're approaching $9/$10. Seems kinda steep for a sammich, a bag o chips, and a drink. But, there were numerous people in there, so maybe that's just me.  Employees: a couple of them were really nice (and apologized for the wait), one of them not so much. Kinda made me feel like I had to apologize for coming in and that it was a pain to ring up my order. Same goes with customers, but they don't have any control over those...
4 I love the chipotle mayo on mycheesesteak.
5 Great food great service
1 First off, I really hoped I would like this place, because I crave good sandwiches, and I absolutely hate Subway.    My daughter said she was done with over half a sandwich left, I was just like, "There's no way you're telling me you're full off of a couple of bites."    She leaned over and whispered, "It's not good, take a bite and see for yourself."  I did, and it was disgusting.  We think it was the mayo; it tasted like formaldehyde, which brought back dissecting memories from childhood, I almost puked.  I spit my bite out and told her to throw it away.    I ordered a Philly Cheesesteak.  The guy behind the counter was very friendly, talking about how their cheesesteaks are the best and win awards.  I tried it, and it was pretty bad, I couldn't even finish my sandwich.  After a few bites, I threw mine away as well.  Unfortunately, we didn't like it and would not go back.
4 I had no idea this place was hidden next to It's a Grind Coffeehouse and the shopping mall that it's in. No wonder I keep driving by it and never see it!  I ordered online, this was the first time that I've ever ordered food online and had to pay before I went in. (Usually there is an option for paying right then or when you pick up).. I had a coupon for 'a free drink and chips with the purchase of a regular sandwich' as well, but couldn't find anywhere to input that coupon on their site, so I just paid for the whole total and decided to bring in the coupon when I get there..  I order the Italian and Tuna sandwiches for me and my better half.. I have never seen so much oil and vinegar (?) added by default to sandwiches as I came in and watched they create another customer's sandwich. As I went to pick up my order, I mentioned my coupon and they seemed caught off by it, but they eventually were able to refund me for the difference. Interesting bread, almost too salty but I consumed it quickly since I love salt. Oil added was a little overwhelming, but I still liked the sandwich overall.   I would come back again to try other sandwiches on their menu, but I think I will stay away from their website for ordering if I have any coupons to use. I would say 3.5 but I'll up the stars since I believe it's a fairly new location.
5 Seriously soo good. They make your sandwich huge and use really fresh ingredients. So much better than Subway or Jimmy Johns!! Get the sweet peppers on top!
2 Usually in a sub shop you get to choose your toppings! Not necessarily so here. Went in with a friend. Ordered Club Sub in a tub. Pretty good salad. Also ordered a Cheesesteak. Place was packed with a line heading to the door. Thought that meant good things. Actually meant they move at a snails pace. Got to the register to pay and never saw them start to make the cheesesteak. That's because it was premade, wrapped in foil. 3 times the cashier tried to ring me up for my tub and the sub ordered by the guy behind me in line. That's because she couldn't find my cheesesteak either!  Finally the sub appeared from a shelf or drawer below the counter. When I tried to order fountain drinks I was told "no ice today".  Hmmmm....105 degrees outside.  Ice would have been nice in my drink.  Maybe this was a bad day at JM's.  Might try it again..........might not.
4 Finally decided to try this place out since its next to my coffee place.  I though it was pretty good and the service was quick and friendly.  They were pretty busy and the place was clean too. I got the Jersey Shores Favorite and thought it was pretty good and I liked that they sliced the meat right then and there.....no opening the package in front of you like another sandwich place!  I will definitely be back!
4 My boyfriend and I stopped in for some subs one night. We had a coupon and it was a good deal. The place is clean, the staff are very friendly, and the food was pretty good. The bacon on my sandwich was actually crispy which I don't often find at other sub shops. The guy who rang me up at the cash register was super nice. He threw in a couple free cookies when I told him it was our first time there which was pretty cool. I think more places could benefit from having someone like him working with customers. All in all, I will be back!
2 Look, honestly the place has nice subs. Perhaps the sub itself can go toe-to-toe with that of Subway. The menu, however, needs to be expanded. There are a limited amount of subs available, and even though you can create your own the selection is still limited. I hate to turn this review into a "Jersey Mikes vs Subway" but I can't help it! I'd (3) things about Jersey Mikes stands out to me in comparison to Subway: your choice of cold wraps, the hot subs don't fall apart right away, and the subs are larger (and accommodate more items).  The joint itself is nothing special, although having three TVs can definitely work for some people.  NOTE TO OWNER(S): Expand your menu and we can be friends.
4 I had heard good things about the sandwiches here. When I told the guy behind the counter that it was my first visit he gave me a free cookie. Bonus!  Overall great sandwich combo. Two thumbs way up!
3 The place is clean.   3 guys working there, two guys at counter pretty cool.  One cleaning the tables a total whiner in front of customers.  Got the italian.  Ok its no Subway.  Whoever compared it to Subway is not even close.  The sandwich is like Chompies but WAY SALTY.  I think its in the shaker they shook on it.  Verdict is still out as the salt is still overwelming.   I think I just need to supervise the kids making it.
5 This was my first time. I was very pleased with the service, food and the value. The bread is soft with just enough firmness to hold this monster together. The meat is sliced fresh for your order. They have a great vinegar oil mix that compliments the sandwich well. I wil be Namco for more.
4 I love Jersey Mikes! This location is right near my work, and i have been very satisfied with it. The reason i am giving it a good review is because the employees are always very nice and helpful, and the food is always awesome. The reason i only gave 4 stars instead of 5, is because sometimes the amounts of condiments that you order can vary from employee to employee. I would definitely give it a 5 star review if they had more consistency there.
4 I actually went to the new location off Val Vista and baseline. I had the grilled pastrami Reuben and paired it with jalapeño chips. Great combo, delicious pastrami, good sauerkraut on top. I wish they put Dijon on it instead of thousand island (which I didn't taste really) but still a good sub.  I'd come back to try a few others.
2 mehh........sandwich wasnt horrible but they could be using better quality lunch meat it tasted like prepackaged lunch meat from the supermarket
5 I have been coming to this location for a year or so. Literally a staple for me 3-4 days a week. Now after moving to Safford I literally dream of this place. Fresh meats, fresh cheeses, fresh bread, how can you go wrong? The employees here are phenomenal. Every time I am back in the valley I will be here.
