1 Now that I no longer have to deal with this place, I can finally write a review.  The day I stepped in, I just came here to get a prescription so I could order blue contacts.  Nationwide Vision was the first place on the list of places my insurance worked with, so I naturally thought first meant best.  Boy, was I wrong!   First of all, they have you change out your contacts in the bathroom (gross!)  Not only is that disgusting, but also highly unsanitary.  Second, when I went in for my exam the doctor tried to convince me I had all these things wrong with my eyes that I didn't.  He pretty much scammed me into believing I had to wear glasses for a while and then come back and get a prescription.  So now I had to buy a $200 pair of glasses on top of contacts (Oh and a $40 fitting fee!?)!   When I came back I had the SAME RESULTS on the test (because there was nothing wrong the whole time!)  I also got hit with the news that they had ordered the wrong prescription for my left eye and that I would have to be coming back yet again once they were in.  Granted, the company did realize this was their mistake and covered the second box of contacts, it is still ridiculous and time-consuming.   I am so happy I never have to work with these people again.  I will be promptly going back to my old eye doctor.  She isn't covered by my insurance, but is still WAY cheaper than a trip to these incompetent morons!
1 Nationwide Vision has no intentions to continue this conversation.  I wrote to the email address and got this reply:  "Hi Jennifer, I'm a little confused by your email. We are Nationwide Vision, not Nationwide Insurance. Did you mean to send this to us?"  lol..wow.
5 I have been to this store several times for myself and my daughter. Never had anything but a great experience. The docs are always friendly and take the time to explain things. The staff is always cheerful and friendly and make you feel welcome. The store is clean with state of the art equipment. Never had any problems with billing or insurance. The frame selection is great (I'm picky...)
1 Worst customer service ever.  I walked into this store to look at some new eyeglasses.  Not one of the 4 staff members acknowledged my existence.  I was in there for approximately 20  minutes.  No one said hello or asked if I needed help.  I will never buy anything from them or recommend them to anyone.  Terrible!
1 Horrible customer service. Spent about half an hour waiting for help while some guy stood in the back flirting, that is until his wife showed up to pick him up. Wouldn't go back to this location
