2 I've been here many times before and I usually get the Carne Asada Fries/Chips. They are the bomb when you're drunk!  Today I stopped by to get a Carne Asada Burrito. The cashier asked me if I wanted everything on it. I said yes. I asked her if it came with cheese and sour cream. She said no, it comes with guacamole pico de gallo. I said everything and I want to add cheese and sour cream.   I get home and start eating the burrito. It only had carne asada, beans and cheese. I guess I was suppose to ask for rice, but they did forget my guacamole, pico de gallo and sour cream.   I should have just ordered the Carne Asada Fries/Chips like I usually do.
5 Don provided me and my fellow C-130 crew members savory breakfast burritos at 1am following a taxing air campaign against the Coyote nation.  'Merica.
4 I eat here at least 2 times a week, when not busy exploring other culinary options around Las Vegas. This place is a legit grab & go Mexican food - Decent quality grub, friendly staff, and consistency, which is lacking in similar franchises (Roberto's Tacos - Are you listening??).  I tend to order the combo plates & carne-asada tacos with cilantro/onions. Sometimes my order can get a little lost in translation because of a slight language barrier (staff speak fluent spanish, and decent English - I however, can only speak English). Custom requests & substitutions are easily done, altho some employees might be hesitant at first to accommodate your request. Being a regular now, its fun to go there, try different things and load up on their spicy salsa :)
2 I just can't get pass eating off of Styrofoam or paper plates. It ruins any experience for me unless it's a picnic, BBQ, or at the beach. Otherwise, give me a plate and some silverware! I ordered the cheese enchiladas and the cheese was not melted. I did enjoy the shredded beef burrito I had to go the next day.
4 Don taco hooks it up fat and at great prices. Bean and cheese burrito 2.70 yep and big. This is the go location. It's on of the only ones that isn't attracted to a bar so when you go late at night you do have to deal with a line of drunks from the bar. I moved but still come to this location over the closer one.
