5 I have four pets, three dogs and a cat, and Stacy was awesome.  Our shepherd mix is 15 - 16 years old and had matted hair.  Stacy was very gentle with her, as well as our cranky, old cat who had some matted spots on his coat as well.  The prices are very fair and she does a great job.  Previously, taking our dogs to the groomer was a 1/2 day ordeal because two of our dogs don't like each other and need to be separated.  Awesome experience!
5 The owner of this company is truly a gem.Treats all animals just like they were her own. You cannot get better service anywhere in the valley.
1 I really don't like to give negative reviews, but isn't that what yelp is for? OK, so I called for an appointment got her the first time, she was super nice. We made an appointment, and she never showed. So I called, she was really apologetic, lost my info, it happens, so we reschedule. She arrived on time, I had a meeting so had a friend ask that my little yorkie, not be shaved, and just a straight yorkie cut. The whole appointment took 20 minutes, and yep, my dog was shaved. So short that to be in air conditioning, she has to wear a sweater!! Also this was $60.00, really that's great money for 20 minutes. So the search for the great groomer continues, so disappointing.
1 Stacy arrived late and took my dog into her trailer. She got done really fast, which impressed me until when she handed him back, he was still a bit wet. She had missed a few spots when she gave him a haircut but my dog is pretty fidgety so I accepted that.maybe it was because his ears were wet that they looked dirty and full of hair...  Later that day when I was relaxing with my dog, I noticed that Stacy had not clipped his nails. When I texted her about it she wanted to come by and check them. She texted me on a Wednesday and said she would be by, then less than ten minutes later she texted and wanted to know if she could show up the following Saturday to clip his nails. I said OK and that Saturday I waited all day for her---no Stacy.  Two weeks later I get a text apologizing for her negligence  and she offers me the next grooming for a reduced price. I agreed to that. When I contacted her to get his nails done and a trim around his face ,as I did not think it right to take advantage of a full groom at a reduced price, she tells me she has no time free for two weeks out!! I have never had to wait more than three days so I know this is because she will not make money on the visit. Meanwhile she knows my dogs nails are growing longer and needed the trim three weeks previously!  My dog has been paying a lot of attention to his anal area which makes me wonder if she expressed his anal glands at all, being as she was remiss in her other duties. She will never touch my dog again.
2 While she does a great job, she is VERY unreliable. Be prepared for her to show up at least 30 minutes late, if at all, and to constantly reschedule at the last  minute. Again, she does a great job- if you can actually get here there!
