5 Beginning in Colorado in 1984, Comfort Dental has offered free dental care on Christmas Eve Day. Care Day was started 28 years ago as a way of improving accessibility to dental care. On Care Day, all services are free to anyone. Patients are helped on a first-come, first-served basis, receiving a variety of basic dental care from cleanings to extractions. More serious dental problems are handled on a case-by-base basis and at the discretion of the individual dentist. Nationally, approximately 250 Comfort Dental dentists and 1,300 staff members donate their time on Care Day.   I had my wisdom tooth pulled for free on this day. I have had no complications. I paid $500+ to have my other upper wisdom tooth pulled at my previous dentist's office. I know that this location is a bit further from the inner city Yelp Squad but I can say that the work and personal care received is well worth another drive out to Chandler.   For the time you, and your lovely staff, lost with your loved ones on Christmas Eve I thank you for your expert dental work. Yelp Elite Member of 2011  Armando Sausedo
5 I had so much difficulty in finding an emergency Dentist to help my hubby when he began to experience severe pain from his tooth literally falling apart from decay and having the nerves exposed. He had just started employment with a new company and could not risk taking time off. So a Dentist open late was extremely needed. The other problem? My hubby had no dental insurance! Comfort Dental not only took my hubby as a new patient without an appointment but saw and treated him at 6pm, with no hassles! The staff and Dentist were completely friendly and helpful. And the charge for a surgical extraction was cheaper than all other offices hands down! Will highly recommend to any and everyone for great service!
5 I love coming here! After not visiting the dentist for 5 years.. I was a bit nervous but I stumbled upon Comfort Dental and found them to be amazing. Everyone is always super polite, honest, and comfortable to talk to. I had two root canals last year from them... Asked for *Happy Gas* and the nerves were gone.. I recommend going here! Go in for a check up, and you'll agree! They are my new routine every 6 months!  Thank you Comfort Dental!
5 My dentist (Dr. Moeller) is nice and professional plus he's fast. I haven't seen him in a while so I thought he was going to give me this long speech about teeth, etc. but it was the opposite. He is very caring and I would recommend him to all my friends and family.
5 I went in to get my molar pulled it was giving me severe pain. Dr. Pulled it out so fast. I had a great experience. Now ill see how the healing experience is. I will be going here again.
1 I had a root canal done on June 14th and 3 weeks later went back for my permanent where i complained of pain to eating cold and hot. His assistant took x rays and told me it was cement in my teeth when he was removing and cleaning up my temporary crown. Dr Moeller came in didnt say a word about my x ray and put my crown on. then i go again August 8th to have them find out why im in more pain and called ahead and said i dont want to be billed and im not paying anymore money until u tell me whats wrong. so i go. and they bill my insurance. and he tells me some patients dont take to a root canal and might need surgery. So far from the truth. so September 4th comes and im in excruciating pain constantly now. I go to an endodontist of my choice and find out that my root canal was not done properly. it needed to be redone and because my insurance is now tapped out due to Dr Moeller i now have paid $1000.00 out of my pocket and find out he billed me for a filling i already had. So now my insurance has paid $1400.00 and ive paid $375.00 to him and now $1000.00 out of pocket for retreatment. I went to get my crown filled and find out its also not done properly so now I need to pay $1400.00 out of pocket for that. Im at $2800.00 out of pocket and my insurance is at $1400.00. This place is a joke and so is he. Very unprofessional when it comes to taking responsibility for mistakes. I couldnt eat for days or sleep. i was on pain pill and anitibiotics and lost wages from having to miss work to run around a deal with this. With no help from Comfort Dental. Please do not go here. His lack of concern has now cost me money and pain and put my family out.
