4 Today, I stopped by AJ Nails and after waiting for 20 minutes decided to try another nail salon. My husband mentioned that the new nail salon in the Safeway plaza might behave just opened, so I thought I would check it out. Thank my lucky stars, it was open! Come to find out, it was the first day and is open 7 days a week. Inside, there were still some remnants of the prior salon but I was happy to see that there were brand new pedicure chairs. There was also a big flat screen TV. The nail tech (Ken) was very friendly, and did a great job on my feet. I am so happy this place is now open and don't have to drive elsewhere. I definitely plan to come back.
3 I have lived in the same area as this shop for a few years. I used to go to the shop before it closed down a few months ago and i was DEVASTATED. but luckily someone FINALLY bought it and it has re-opened recently. I decided to try it out yesterday and of course i was supremely disappointed. i got the girl who refused talk or to be friendly and talk with me, i wanted to become one of their regulars but maybe theyre not into that..ill be requesting the male next time-he seems like he was more qualified anyway. the pedicure was a few dollars OVERPRICED because everyone knows a pedicure is $19 and not $22. PLUS i was there AFTER the lady who was before me and she was finshed AFTER i was. COME ON. brand new shop and terrible customer service. when i walked in the girl who helped me was literally YAWNING as she motioned me over to her however, she DID take off my old nail polish free of charge, which was nice and she gave me a 10% new customer discount or something. i will absolutely be returning but im only going to give them a few more chances because that type of behavior was very unacalled for and annoying on my sunday morning.
4 I've been to many nail salons in my years and I am BEYOND picky with who touches my feet, and this one is right up there with some of the best. Its a new salon so its got all the new pedi chairs and nail equipment. They're a little short staffed (again because they just opened) but the lady that was helping me while I waited kept checking in so that I knew I hadn't been forgotten. I had to wait for a bit for my services to get started but I'll let that slide until thy get more people in there working. My tech was very nice and very particular about his work which is great knowing that they actually care about the quality of service that they're giving. And let me tell you, I got one mean foot rub! The lotion was heated, the towels were steamy and the hot rocks were actually used properly unlike other places...and as a massage therapist, I'm hard pressed to ever rave about a nail salon foot massage! Other than the wait, they were great.
4 My guy and i decided to try this new salon that just opened a couple months ago. The man and woman working there are so friendly! We were chatting the whole time. As soon as we sat down they offered l us water. The chairs are great and the water color changes as you sit there, kinda cool. The pedicure includes a hot lotion and rock message that is awesome!  Great place, we will be back!
1 I've been there three times. Once was passable, twice not at all. The woman was not nice and the guy who did my nails today did a terrible job. He was at least pleasant, but I won't go there again.
1 Save your money. I went in on a Sunday for a relaxing mani & pedi and no joke I think there was a hidden timer somewhere and the women doing my nails got a cash bonus if she completed each service under 10 minutes. The service was anything but relaxing, in fact, it was seriously aggressive. The water was scalding hot, the women doing my nails was so rushed and harsh it was painful. I feared she was going to file my toes off and then she used the cuticle nippers to clean out under my toes and fingers - OUCH! Are you joking me? I also didn't appreciate how everything was an added charge. When I said "no thanks" to the callous remover during my pedi, she seriously buffed my feet and heels for 1.5 seconds each to try and get me to purchase a heel buff. Then, when all I wanted to do was pay and get out of there, she went and started working on someone else (there were only 3 people in the salon - clue #1 this place is terrible) and after waiting long enough I finally had to ask her across the salon to check me out so I could leave. And then, she did it all while wearing her gloves from the other service and went right back to work. YUCK.   It was the worst manicure and pedicure experience I've ever had.
5 Friendly, clean and quick! The best pedicure chairs I have ever sat in! Will definitely be going back!
1 I have been to this location multiple times and all of my experiences were neither good nor bad. The past six months I have been in and out of odd jobs and couldn't maintain my weekly manicures. Now, I have a new job make good money I decided to spoil myself. I went in on a Friday afternoon and the place was empty, which I thought was great..no waiting!! The woman who did my nails was nice, and listened to what I wanted. Or so I thought. I decided to get French tips, because like I said its been awhile and I wanted to go all out.  Every time I asked her to fix a nail that wasn't even or looked bad, she would get mad and say she knows what she's doing. I eventually got tired of asking her to fix them, and get my finger yanked. After it was all said and done she did a horrible job, none of my tips were the same some were straight while others were curved. I wanted my money back or for them to be fixed and they wanted to do neither, I was furious and they asked me to leave after saying a few choice words. Now, two days later all my tips are chipped and look like a little kid did them. I have never had a professionally done manicure that I had to remove two days later because of a shooty job. Ladies, I suggest you try some other place if you want "pretty nails."
1 Really ALFUL! Do not go here! Had an appointment and has to wait 40 mins. Got a fill with gel color and the guy only did one coat of gel and color was spotty and got acrylic all over my cuticles. Nails were filed uneven. Wanted to cry and had to pay 35.
1 Horrible place! The lady cut me, my sister and mine were bubbly. Crap work. Do not waist your money here!!!! I would give zero stars if I could!
