1 Really nice lady, too bad she burned me with the wax and cut me with her tweezers, my private area is a mess right now and actually burns. BTW I've been waxing myself for 3 years so I am experienced. I did it cause sometimes I get lazy, what a wasted Groupon and now I have to wait to heal, so much pain.
4 At first I was skeptical based on the other review, but I will say I stuck through it and was very happy with the results. I got a Brazilian done and it wasn't any more or less painful than anywhere else I've been. Andrea was very kind and professional. I will be going back :)
5 I've seen a couple of bad review on here and I just don't know what people are smoking! Andrea was a VERY nice, professional lady.  Yes the "salon" is a rented suite inside of a larger salon building. It's literally a building designed with salons in mind. The suites are spacious, clean, and comfortable.  Will DEFINITELY be returning...
4 THE ADDRESS IS WRONG ON HERE! THE ACTUAL ADDRESS IS 17570-- 17550 IS A WINE DEALER!!!  Okay, this is my first of what will be at least three, possibly more, reviews for Sei Bella/Andrea.  The room that she rents in the Boutique is nice, smells good and is well kept. If you get to your appointment early and the door is closed to Suite 30, take a stroll around to the other shops in the building-- there are some cute clothing stores, hair salons, nail salons, etc. etc.   If this is your first time getting waxed, you need to tell her. You need to tell Andrea that you are terrified and want this to be as painless as possible-- and then she will give you tips on how to alleviate some of the pain.  Now, it's going to hurt, no matter what, so no matter what breathing technique you use, or however much of that numbing spray you douse yourself with, the pain is going to get you.  It's worth it though, so deal with it!  She was quick, and used a mixture of hard wax and soft wax-- depending on how much hair she lifts with the wax, she may or may not bring in the tweezers.  I didn't get burned. She didn't miss any large patches. She did leave some wax stuck to my butt and thigh, but not enough to be upset about. I'm only hesitant about giving five stars at this point because it's the first time I've gone-- I will update the rating based on each experience.  At this point, I would recommend her because she's super fast and she didn't make me feel like I was hanging out on a table in the middle of the room, with my legs in the air, butt ass naked from the waist down.  And that is hard to do, because I was.
5 I love coming to Andrea! Have been here a few times and she always makes me feel comfortable considering you are nude from the waist down! She's quick, efficient and clean. I recommend her to everyone asking about waxing. Will continue to return! Thanks Andrea!  Bonus, she often has Groupons so check her out!
5 I had only even been to one lady for years but needed an emergency Brazilian wax and so i found her through groupon and let me tell you she is amazing! It was super fast easy and a well job done. The best part was that it was nearly painless! Will go again for sure and highly recommend.
4 Andrea is professional and efficient--as painless as a wax can be.  It's easy to set an appointment with her and she is always quick to respond to my texts.  I've been going to her for over a year and think her service is great. Pricing is reasonable and oftentimes you can get a groupon!   I highly recommend her to others.
5 Thank you Andrea, you really made the visit pleasant and very professional. I had my first wax and it didnt hurt as much as everyone says..yes stings but not bad..
5 I have been waxed all over the country, even the world!... And this gal (Andrea) is the best! She is super fast (which you want when someone's ripping your hair from its roots) and does it with an expertise that is appreciated. I originally came here after purchasing a Groupon but will definitely be returning again and again as a loyal client.
5 Andrea is awesome!!!! She is super quick and makes sure there is no hair left! I will not go anywhere else!!! She is very professional!
5 So quick and she is super friendly. Excellent at waxing!!!
5 I went with my younger, hipper sister in law...just to cross it off the list. A Brazilian virgin, at least I popped 2 Ibuprofen before hand. I must tell you though,  it wasn't that bad. This girl knows what she's doing! Gina says she's the best she's found, so mark her down for 5 stars. In and out in about 20 min. I must say What a difference.  Fresh and clean. :)
5 Andrea is the best in the business!  She waxes me and my daughter.  I wouldn't go anywhere else. She's very professional and personable.
