5 This is the place to be seen in Gay Vegas. I rarely speak about a lot of nightlife, but I love the fact that they have FREE Valet & you don't smell like club smoke.
4 Different crowd, chill place. Nothing too over the top but enjoyable over all.
1 Despite the hours posted on the various parts of the web (their website, their Facebook page, etc), we arrived just before midnight on Thursday (2/23/12) to find the club closed. Lights off and not a single car in the lot. Just about a minute after us, another cab pulled in with two more disappointed would-be patrons. Would have loved to say something nice, but this is no way to run an establishment.
2 Pros: good music, lighting, and general atmosphere Cons: overpriced drinks, straight bartenders/go go dancers (with their girlfriends standing right next to them) not convenient location, couldnt get a cab back for 15 mins
5 Sexy Boys Dancing Is Undies Who Doesnt Love That!! With the frequent open bar  who wouldnt love?? i enjoy ordering drinks here because i know it will be strong and i wont be regretting paying for drinks when i wake up. fun place to sit back smoke and have a drink. love watching the boys dance. will be back as much as possible.
4 This place finally had their Grand Opening - it was bananas. Share will be here for a while. It's about 5-10mins away from the Tropicana Las Vegas Hotel or aka the strip.   The staff is super hot and friendly. I don't get why people bitch about drink prices, it's the same where ever you go in Vegas, common peeps - be real.   It's a brand new joint and they continuously find new ways to set themselves from others clubs. This would be the ideal place to bring your friends/out-of-town guests/and host your parties.  I say - see for yourself before judging.
1 Seriously the worst clubbing experience of my life. First off, don't believe the times posted here or anywhere. We arrived at 10:15 on Monday - well after the 6:00 opening time they have posted - and found an open door along the building. We were immediately told they weren't open until 11PM and asked to leave. I then called from the parking lot to get a snarky employee who essentially told me he could care less that the times were off. They made sure to lock the door, but thankfully my phone still had enough juice to call a taxi company. It's in the middle of nowhere, so getting another cab was a real treat. (Did I mention my friends and I were out celebrating my birthday?) These people obviously have no respect for their customers. Piranha ended up saving the day - I would highly recommend it. I hope this place is exposed as a classless dump and goes out of business as soon as possible. (By the way. I called and left a message saying they were welcome to reach out to me if they didn't want me posting negative reviews on their rudeness. No response. Color me surprised.)
5 Every Wednesday Nights!!  'The Biz' A WEEKLY Cast Party for everyone! It's what happens after the shows, hosted by Edie. Cabaret Open Seating, first come! NO COVER! Guest List www.sharenightclub.com/guest-list  EVERY 1st, 2nd & 4th Wednesdays! It's not your ordinary industry night - it's for everyone from the singers & dancers to the dress makers! Come see the talent LIVE!  Eight UNIQUE cocktails for $8!!  "The Edietini" 5 counts of Belvedere $ 4 counts Blood Orange  "The Biz Tini" 2 parts gin 1 parts vodka  "Liza Lemonade" Absolut Citron w/sour mix, splash of soda, float of grenadine   "Share the Wealth" Absolut Grapevine, X-rated, Avion blanco w/ sour mix, a splash of Sprite.  "Shary Mary" Classic bloody mary w/house mix and Absolut   "Share-Garita" Avion Tequila w/ fresh lime juice and Chambord  "Rise Above" Avion Blanco w/ orange juice and a float of genadine  "Fuck Me In Irish" Jameson and ginger ale   Each week Edie a Las Vegas actor, singer and dancer from the Las Vegas Strip will host THE BIZ featuring the finest in Las Vegas entertainment on and off the 'Strip.'  TABLE SERVICE AVAILABLE STARTING AT $100 (Absolute)!!  This is not about being a gay club or gay venue - it's simply New York style cabaret.
4 A bunch of us went to Share last night to let loose!  Fridays are their Circus themed nights.  BOY DID THEY LET LOOSE!  To me, Share is transforming the gay scene in Vegas and doing a great job at it! This place offers a great nightclub experience.  There are gogo dancers everywhere.  The vibe is cool.  Lots of good looking people.  All in all I had a great time and a lot of fun!  I don't quite like the location.  This trendy and upscale nightclub is located amongst and industrial area and soooo awkward.  Thank goodness they have free valet service.    ***Be advised, Fridays get crazy at 1am and 2am.  Depends what you're going there for.  The gogo dancers, from what I was told are all imported from L.A. LOL. Definitely good looking, but they end up getting naked (covers up the front part) at 1 and 2.  I wasn't expecting it and since they're everywhere, it got super uncomfortable.  I'm all for having a great time, but wasn't looking for that kind of great time last night.  I also do not like the upscale prices.  3 well drinks with tip came to $34.  Make sure you're looking to spend some money!  I'm not your average caddy guy.  My rating is all about location and vibe.  Location was awkward but vibe and experience made up for it.  Last night I had some fun and will be back.
4 Cool new place west of the freeway, the location is discreet and easy to get to from the freeway or Chinatown area.   DO NOT use your credit or debit card here!!! This place is notorious for overcharging & placing holds on cards. Go to a atm before you go!!  They have a great bar and lounge upstairs with a good selection and liberal pours. The downstairs is the club and dance area, good guest DJ's and a big dance floor.  Upstairs is the place to meet people, downstairs to party.  Parking is easy and free in the back, ignore the valets.
5 First time in a gay night club in Las Vegas. Came with my gay friend. Got hit on by gay servers but they might be just working on their tips. LOL  The place was a BLAST!!!  .: More gay guys than lesbians.  .: They have private rooms upstairs! woot woot.. anything goes baby!  .: And they have cute dancers :)  .: They have a food truck in the back too and some outdoor seating.  .: SO MUUUUUCH FUN!!
2 If you want to leave Vegas feeling cheap and ripped-off at the same time, you should come to this nightclub.  I spent one weekend with some friends in Vegas for my birthday and we decided to come here one night.  I was warned that there will be some strippers that will almost force you to buy a lap dance from them.  Sure enough, about 15 minutes in, a couple of half naked dancers dragged us up to the second floor so that they can give us a "tour" of the place.  Well apparently they run a pretty tiny club since we went directly to a small room that's only closed off by a see through curtain.  Everything then happened so fast.  My friends paid, left and within minutes I got a half naked Cuban dancer dancing on top of me asking me if I would tip well if he were to show me his pee pee.  I didn't say anything and in 15 minutes it was over... much like a Grindr hookup.  The biggest difference though is that a Grindr hookup wouldn't cost $100 like the lap dance did.  Leaving the barely private room though did feel like a walk of shame so in that sense it did feel kind of a like a hookup.  Luckily I was able to join my friends downstairs for some drinks and dancing so the night didn't end that badly.  When I got back to LA I told the story to some of my straight friends and they said that a lap dance would cost 3X as much at a straight club so I was actually getting a bargain!  Oh you poor straight people....
5 Had a girls night here and it was a BLASTY BLAST.  My girls and I had bottle service (as I would recommend for any club in Vegas) and were treated like true VIPS. We had an amazing host that was attentive and super cute!   There was an amazing boy buffet with the variety of gogo dancers. Oh, those beautifully chiseled abs! They guys were all super friendly and each had a different reaction to when you stuffed the dollar in their little shorts. They also offer private lap dances upstairs for $25. My girlfriend got one and loved it!   The music was great. Top 40 remixes and this particular evening the DJ was a drag queen, which added an extra layer of awesomeness.  Share was definitely a blast and I recommend it to all the boys and all of the girls. Share is hands down the BEST LGBT nightclub in Vegas.  Arrive beautiful, leave ugly. I know we did. I'll be back to share in some more fun!
4 Alex, Trevor (if those are your real names) marry me.  My best friend and I went to this nightclub/stripclub not knowing what to expect.  I have to admit, when I saw the inside I was a bit nervous: incredibly low lighting, peeling paint.  But then we saw the boys.  And then we saw them move.  And then it was love.  They were very upfront about their pricing, they were adorable, sexy as hell, and grateful for the money we gave them.  They were upbeat, flexible, charming, flexible, and even gave us a little extra time in the room for free.  But maybe that's just because we had genuine chemistry...one can dream.  Needless to say, we're going back again tonight.  Music was great, prices were decent, the boys were hot enough to put smiles on our faces for the rest of the night and quite frankly the rest of the trip.
1 Went to Share on Friday 12/21.  The only enjoyable part of the evening was the nice guy outside who greeted us and got us in.  (We had emailed to be on the list.)  The music was AWFUL, a complete mess of current, 80's, 90's and more that didn't flow together at all and songs were cut off abruptly.  The sound systems sucks too.  The bartenders are way into themselves and charged us $10 for a vodka punch drink in a small glass that was half ice.  The strippers also seemed to be only into themselves and be careful, some of them are simple con artists who will try to take you upstairs and give you shorter than promised lap dances then quickly exchange you for some other sucker.  We watched it happen.  The crowd was a strange, really young bizarre crowd.  This place has a bad concept in general, with tables and booths in the middle of the dance floor!  What moron designed this place?  We stayed for about an hour and a half then left.   I won't be back.
4 Dec 29th 2012: started off New Years weekend here after a nice dinner elsewhere.   The crowd grew bigger over the night to the point it was crowded but too crowded even for a holiday.   Drinks were obviously pretty strong given the end point that was my extreme nausea and spinning.   Lots of cute things dancing of a good variety of body types....actually the most dancers I have seen in any club, at the beginning it seemed there were just as many patrons as dancers!   I did my first jock money stuffing.  Apparently there was a "list" to get in but they let us in anyways.  At some point an overly buff dancer tried to drag us upstairs for a lapdance but I had no cash and the ATM was broken.  At that point I would have done anything, but without cash....nope.
3 OK, I liked the club, we had fun. The dancers were alright and the music was good, BUT the website says there are promoted days (e.g. $2 drinks on Saturdays), but nobody that works there seemed to know what they were, and when I showed them on my smart phone the webite that advertised the special. Every bar tender had an excuse to not fullfill the promotion or changed it completely.   I really wish that it wasn't a hassel, it jaded me on this club a bit.   All in all, if you go to Vegas, you should stop and check it out at least once . Just don't expect their promotion to be followed.
1 Never made it in because I am old, fat, and non-white, they think they are studio 54, with these long lines outside. Although it is a dark industrial area, its only a few blocks from huge Orleans hotel and casino. I heard the bartenders & strippers were all straight. so kiss my ass and go out of busines.  Pls. only go if you have loads of money and if you are very beautiful, thin, white and with a 24inch waistline heehee
1 Went there first time on Sat night 1-27-13, Don't get the floor plan layout of this club. You walk in and wayyyyy in the back is one bar with over priced drinks!!!! This club is not even on the strip and they charge wayyy to much for drinks, unacceptable. The dance floor is round and people always walking by you to get to the bar way in the back!!! The sound system is one of the worst in Las Vegas gay clubs, there really no bass. Most of their VIP tables are right in the middle of the dance area, very annoying if you're paying for bottle service and people knocking into you... The lighting is bad too.. I would say Piranha night club is much better for music, drinks, and location, much closer to the strip hotels...
5 fun!!! must go!!!
5 Cheap, awesome dancers and great music, only downside is the trek off the strip, but its not that bad
2 So I went here once because of course I was tagging along with friends.  They said it was the new happening place and it was free. Of course with all things free and new, there is a reason for it.   The inside is not that bad, definitely has the lounge vibe but was not my thing. And drinks the bartenders served were pretty weak, I think have had better.
3 What to say about Share?  Share is a fun club to go to if you're drunk or you're out of options. I'm sure it depends on the crowd you go with. I usually have fun after I've gotten drunk/tipsy elsewhere. The drinks are expensive. The drinks are very watered down. 20 for two cranberry/vodkas in tall thin glasses, but I get the same at a different bar for 7 dollars each. And the drinks are actually strong.  This place is cool for the fun club experience, but I feel like it's a little lack luster for a gay club in Vegas.
4 Calling all hunties, cunties, fag-hags, hen parties, and Sharon Needle wannabes: this is place is fun if you're with the right people and don't become a wallflower. The music is mostly top-40 dance music and the dance floor is a bit small and people don't start dancing 'till close to midnight. But once it starts, it gets pretty crowded and rowdy. Of course, there are muscle laced dancers everywhere. One time, one of the female dancers took her top off, thus, exposing boobies and it was a bit hilarious to see the gays gawk...and gawk and point at her for a long time.  I really can't comment on the drinks because I'm a feather weight and one drink can cause me to become Ms. Amanda "Murder my Vagina @drake" Bynes. If you sign up for their text they'll promote free open bar and keep you updated one latest. There's an upstairs lounge area if you want to getaway from the crowds and rest your tired feet. My biggest qualm is the isolated location. You're surrounded by ominous industrial complexes and it can be hard to find if you're out of town and don't know the area. Upon driving you feel like you shouldn't be there and there's probably a drug deal or a secret meth lab operating nearby. But I digress, come have fun and whip out that Grindr.
2 When I was in Vegas, I decided to hit up this spot with my friend -- only because Krave was so far from us, and this place was closer.  Upon arrival, we got in free-- maybe the time? Who knows! But haaaay, free entrance fee right? Well, it turns out that there was not a lot of people there. The music was pretty on point with Top 40 hits, the crowd was mostly locals-- and that's all I could remember. On top of that, the location of this place is sketch[dot]org-- aka off from the strip.  Being a tourist, I really expected better. I came out all sorts of fresh, with dress shirt, bowtie, and all-- while locals just roll on in with jeans and a t-shirt. I thought it was some fancy Vegas club, but I guess not. On top of that, we were there for two-ish hours hoping it'd pick up some more people, but we decided to bounce ~1AM.  On the brighter note, there was an AMAZING drag show-- it was like front row seats to RuPaul's Drag Race LipSync for your life edition.  Overall, I can see this place growing-- if more gays came out that night. The dance floor was huge, the drinks were strong, and the music was pretty dope! If I was to come next time, it better be like Tiger Heat LA crowded.  Turn Ons: - Great music/drinks.  Turn Offs: - Crowd was "meh." - Location
4 Alright here is an update review....  I've returned to Share a few times since the last review- Yes the lay out of the dance floor is lame, but the go- go dancers are amazing and have fun with the crowd!!  Friday nights I would say is the best as they have a Circus Theme going on. Upstairs you can through some dildos and try to win stuff and the dancers are hot wearing only a white towels around them! Music has improved, they now play songs you know and can dance too.  Drinks are still over priced- well drinks are expensive compare to Piranha. Crowd is mixed and they have a very good security team that are friendly to customers, and aware of people that might get out of control!  Very sexy guys that try to get you for private dance upstairs- if you have the money you won't be Disappointed!!!   Just right off the strip cab rides should be much cheaper than going to Krave   They run specials on VIP tables on some nights.
5 Share is awesome! Everyone who works there is extremely nice! I highly recommend it. Share is the bees knees!
1 So awesome to look at their hours, plan our night around it and show up to see that they are closed. Maybe you should update your hours of you decide you don't want to be open to Sunday when you're hours clearly show as we walk up to the shuttered doors after we pay for a taxi there and back that you're closed. Way to be awesome at business. Never again.
1 This place sucks.  I like the unlimited well drinks they offered but the music is barely danceable.    My friend and I ended up leaving to go to Piranha.
4 This is the place to go when u are vacationing in vegas.... music is koo drinks are not that  expensive this is the place to go if u looking for a koo gay place..
3 This place is fun with the right ppl...but is better than most of the clubs ive been in vegas
3 I've been to Share probably 2-3 times in the past couple of years and it's pretty much the same thing every time. I think if you haven't been to Share, it's definitely worth going at least once so you can take it all in, so to speak. It's one of the only nice gay clubs in Vegas and although you might be tempted to opt for Marquee or Tryst, sometimes, you just wanna gay it up. It's by no means anything fancy, but it isn't trashy either. Located just a short taxi ride away from the Strip (I think I paid around $12 from the Wynn), it's a good option if you want to let loose and be fabulous. Again as other Yelpers said, it's best to go with a group so you can have a good time.  - Expect it to be kind of empty. - Expect some good dancy upbeat pop/hiphop music. - Expect the drinks to be around $10 (not bad for Vegas IMO) - Expect some hottie gay-for-pay dancers that will probably spend more time hitting on your hag than trying to get your attention. - Expect to awkwardly avoid sexual advances from the Vegas locals (they are aggressive and can bite, unless you like that) - Expect to be standing the entire time (because the empty seats are reserved for bottle service, which NO ONE is paying for) - Expect to leave happy you experienced it, but somewhat disappointed.  That's all folks!
3 Share was just ok. This is definitely a gay bar. The bouncer said there "were more lesbians than normal" on the night we went and we were still one of maybe 10. With that being said, the drinks were over priced and the bartenders weren't friendly. I understand it's Vegas and your expected to pay more, but it's pretty far from the strip and nothing too special. I've definitely been to more exciting gay bars...
1 This place is horrible. Their ATM took my money, it charged my account but did not give out cash, and they do nothing about it, they told me to call the number on the machine, that number had an automated system that told me to call my bank to dispute the charge. Their music was okay, better than other gay clubs actually but still just okay. Drinks are no less than $7. Go somewhere else. If it was not for the annoying go-go dancers bothering me when I was using the ATM I probably would have picked to get a receipt from the machine.
5 Sehr cooler Club. Musik gemischt, für alle was dabei. Eintritt frei, bis Mitternacht happy Hour 2 vodkabull für 10$ dann pro vodkabull 10$.
1 If I could add negative stars I would. This is one of the worst gay bars I have ever been to. The venue is small, service sucks, unfriendly staff, and weak drinks. Even for Vegas most bars pour a good drink. When will the hype of this new gay club stop. Gays!!! Go back to Krave!!!
5 "I'm so fancy You already know I'm in the fast lane From L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy Can't you taste this gold? Remember my name 'Bout to blow  Trash the hotel Let's get drunk on the mini bar Make the phone call Feels so good getting what I want Yeah, keep on turning it up"  The whole club went nuts over this song!  Now for my review:  What happens when one of your gay bff wants to go dancing on a Saturday night? You go! No one in our crowd was a fan of Krave and my bff suggested Share since it's his favorite one in town. Our group: A straight couple, my gay bff, two straight guys, and myself... WE ALL ENDED UP HAVING A BLAST!  I lucked out and was able to get a parking spot behind the club; everyone else was parked on the streets. The bouncers at the door were friendly and told all of us to have a wonderful time with a genuine smile. The club is very clean since they handle spills immediately and there are staff walking around to pick up any cans/cups on the ground. The crowd is also very friendly with people actually apologizing when they bump into you.   We got our drinks from the bar (about $10 each) and ended up in the middle of dance floor. I love this club purely for the fact that everyone is there to legitimately dance and I'm not talking about giving someone your ass, but DANCING! I dance battled a couple of gay boys and let me tell you, they had some moves! I sang along to all of the songs and danced the night away.  To the man in the Obey hat and white tank top there on 05/24/14: I'm sorry that I kept blocking you when you tried to dance up on one of my boys, but trust me, he wasn't interested.  Downstairs, there are a few poles for the beautiful male and female go-go dancers to do their thing and bottle-service tables are right next to them. There are even a few performances on the stage throughout the night so it gets switched up.  Upstairs, this is where the private lap dances are held. However, we went up here to cool down and get drinks from the bar since it was so hot downstairs from all of the dancing.  TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?!
1 No stars last time I went I got there around 2 n the vibe was all wrong me n a friend had to wait 10 -15 for a drink they kept ignoring us. But right before we were served  the bar tender decided to do a flare trick with his bottle n being I'm 6'4 got cheap booze all over my face , instead of making a big deal I just wiped it off n headed to dance, dancing always makes it better. Nope! The music was so random with not a single good transition  they were good songs but just blah ! the only song I really enjoyed dancing was drunk in love I normally can party at a club for hours! I tried to find some good in all this and almost feel short but then I saw the dancers.... They were a bunch of good looking men n the occasional woman they were sexy.But the vibe in the place made me want to leave after 1.5 .... All in all this place was a bad night. I'm not one to brag about what I do for work but as someone who is a Front Desk/Concierge  employee for a property on the strip this not a place we will ever recommend to a guest.  I'd rather take my out of town friends to a different gay club
1 horrible club. super small. ugly people and really expensive drinks.
4 Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #139 - #365  Before Share was here, it use to be a strip club, that's why they have strippers scam you to go into their private room for a quick dance and charge you $200. Pretty much a rip off when ibcan just hook up on Grindr for free!  Since Krave us trying to get back to it's Elite Club status in Vegas, Share has been the main gay standing club in Vegas. Like another Yelper has mentioned, it's "not fancy nor trashy."   This club is not comparable to a Weho club and doesn't offer much. It's mostly packed on the weekends, mostly tourists and some locals. Drinks here are pretty strong and they do accept the check in offer of one free drink. Crowd here is pretty mixed with young and old and different body types.  The gogo's are pretty hot and come in different types from twink to muscular. Staff here can be a hit or miss when it comes to service, I've had bartenders welcome me and some ignore me. They think they work in a cool hip place, nothing different compared to the ones in the fruit loop by Harmon.   I'm hoping for Krave to make a comeback soon, I really missed Krave on Harmon by Planet Hollywood. It was the #1 club in Vegas until it had a location crisis. The location isn't any better and is located in a bad area near the Orleans in the industrial part.
4 Love this place! We always have a great time here. Only thing I don't particularly love is the bartenders. They're great but none are very charismatic, and one time I had one right in his own tip which I could never get ahold of management to resolve. However I've been many times since and have not had the issue.
