4 This is my favourite Chinese delivery - I have yet to visit their branch, but many meals have been devoured in our household already.   I especially like the fact they have Ostrich as a meat option.  This is healthy and tasty - if not a little more expensive. (but worth it) My favourite dishes are Ostrich Satay, Ostrich Chow Mein and their crispy duck.   They are fully commit ed to using as many local ingredients as possible, yes those Ostriches are from a Scottish Ostrich Farm!  Their meals are fresh and very tasty.   You can also order online (via the 'justeat' website) until 10pm everyday  Delivery times vary, but mostly they deliver within 30 min but elaborate dishes or large orders may take a little longer, but it has yet to be a late delivery.   They are also happy to take additional meal requirements and even supply a bit of chili oil on the side if you ask them.  No complaints from this happy Ostrich eater!
4 A very solid Chinese takeaway, and definitely much better than most! Whereas it's Indian cuisine that holds my heart, who doesn't enjoy the occasional Chinese? But so many are sub-par, so New Haven Express Chinese was a great find.  We had the starter selection, a little pricey at £8.50 but you got 4 prawn toast, a good portion of crispy seaweed, 2 chicken? skewers, 2 spare ribs and 2 spring rolls - which were all pretty good. I wasn't as keen on the skewers, not because of the meat (which was very juicy) but I didn't like the marinade much. Everything else was fine though.  I had Honey & Chilli beef, which came as quite large pieces of battered beef rather than little twiglet sizes ones, and it was really good. You can tell the meat is good quality. Oh and my fried rice had a nice hit of soy to it, and refreshingly not too greasy.  Boyfriend is a massive satay fan so went for the Ostrich Satay - wow. I've had ostrich before and it's really a delicious meat, as well as being very low fat, and it completely works here - a nice change from chicken or beef. The ostrich is a bit more expensive, but only £5.50 in comparison to everything else being £3.90 - so much cheaper than most takeaways.  Delivery was quick too, with our food arriving in 20 minutes (though it probably helps we live fairly nearby).  As Chinese takeaways go this is a very good one, and definitely will be our port of call in the future.
5 Last night we fancied getting a Chinese so off we dived into the depths of Just Eat. Long story short we chose New Haven Express Chinese. I remember when they first opened and they had a huge sign outside advertising the fact that they sold ostrich meat - very intriguing. However, neither Joe or I had actually ordered food from here before.  The menu is vast to say the least. They have it all and all sorts of meats at very reasonable prices. I opted for Kung Po ostrich and it was absolutely delicious. Not only this but their delivery is SUPER fast.  Overall here are the reasons I have given it 5 stars: - Huge menu - Unusual meat options - Great value for money - Delicious!  My only quibble is that their crispy seaweed seems slightly overpriced (£3.50) but I can live with that :)
3 Possibly beating even Stockbridge's Ping-On for sheer variety, Newhaven (spell it right, Yelp!) Express Chinese has it all and then some. Interestingly offering even Ostrich amongst their range of meats.  I opted for the Mixed Meat Red Thai Curry and Salt & Pepper Ribs. Both were good. Nothing special. Just good. I prefer my ribs to be the huge, pulled directly from the animal type, not the mini, pulled from an animal but diced up afterward type. But they were tasty.  The curry could've used more sauce. A bit too thick for my preference. But all in all a good introduction and I'd be well up for giving them another crack of the whip and seeing what else they have to offer.  A decent cheaper option if you don't fancy over-spending on the better-albeit-much-pricier wares of Karen's Unicorn, Silver Bowl, et al.
