4 If you are a cat owner that is suffering from a cat that is litter box challenged, this review could be advantageous.  First hand I was suffering from having a cat that was defecating anyplace but the litter box. I tried all kinds of litter and moving the litter box to other locations.  Everything I tried worked to no avail.  It was Department Manager Wendy at the Eastern at Serene Walmart that recommended Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract.  She let me know that they sell it at Petco and Petsmart. Knock on wood, Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract alleviated the problem of the cat defecating outside the litter box.    It was just recently that Petco opened a location on the southwest corner of Green Valley at Horizon Ridge Parkways in the recently built Target Shopping Center. It sells Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract.   This location is close to the Eastern at Serene Petco. It has without doubt taken some of the business.  Between the two Petcos, I have had a more favorable shopping experience at this location. First off it is new. Petco has improved the layout. walking from the parking lot to the entrance is less hectic. It is a football throw from New York Chinese Restaurant and Walgreens. It is a short walk to Target. Walking in this parking lot, I do not feel like I am going to get run over. Petco eliminated the big box look of the exterior by making it look like a barn. Inside there are employees that ask you if they could help you. I counted three on my visit. At the other location I had to look for somebody. When I would find them they would be helping somebody that found them before me.    Petco would be smart to promote Dr. Elsey's Cat Attract. It is a necessary item that keeps cat owners from having to suffer from cats defecating outside the litter box. This is Petco's goose that laid the golden egg. It's unfortunate that Walmart Department Manager Wendy is the one aware of it.  *Please keep it in mind that every situation is different.  If it does not work the package states it will refund your purchase.
4 We've always been customers of Petco. We like the layout and the products they carry. Of course you can find some of the products cheaper elsewhere but we're fans of "one-stop-shop". One of our dogs comes here for his monthly wash and brushout, they ladies are great with him. They also have a woman who is "certified" for cats, didn't know you needed to be certified but I guess it's a good idea. Friendly staff and a great dog trainer too!
1 So this is a review for the grooming part not the store. I originally wanted to go to a place right up the street from my house called sloppy kisses but called and said they no longer did grooming and really didn't recommend anyone. But I figure Petco has a big retail name and high standards so lets just give it a try well here is my horror story:  I called at 10 am on a Saturday to see what the prices were and how long does it take. The gave me the info and it seemed reasonable so I said "Can I make an appointment?" Which I was replied just come in but it will take 2-3 hours due to it being a Saturday.  So I showed up at 10:30 am and then proceeded to wait 3 mins for the person in front of me to finish. I wanted my small papillon to get a bath and a trim. Well she then wanted to sell me on the spa package with scents and other junk. I know I have a small little designer dog but he was a rescue and has very sensitive skin. So I just said no. He just has sensitive skin and needs the oatmeal shampoo. Well then I decided to get his nails trimmed and ended up having to buy that package because it was cheaper and they brush their teeth too. I was all good about it, he had never been to the groomers because I am a do it yourself person. He needed the cleaning after the winter.  So I dropped him off and she said since you are doing all that 3 hours. I will call you, and I walked out at 1045 am. So I had to go to work at 1 and he still wasn't ready. I called and just asked if I could come down and pay and my mom would pick him up when he is done. So I did and then gave them my moms contact number.  Well I noticed at 5 pm that I had received no information, so I called my mom and said did you pick him up? No, OK well then have they called? She said no. So I called and spoke with the and they said oh we have just been so busy give me an hour. So my mom comes in at 530 pm because it is just ridiculousness to have a dog who simply needs a bath and scissor cut and a nails clipped to be there more then 4 hours let alone 8. Again we where told no not yet. So finally at 615 pm he was done. He went all day no water! no food!! no pee breaks!!!  This was the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER AT ANY PLACE!! What made it worse was that this was my first grooming experience, I mean I know its Petco but I work for a major retailer too live up to some sort of company expectations.  So all in all I would give it a 0 if I could. THIS GROOMING CENTER IS HORRIBLE DON'T TAKE YOUR DOGS THERE!! The whole experience has left a bad taste in my mouth and now I am shopping at a local mom and pop pet store who has recommend a groomer for next time.
1 Here is the complaint filed with the BBB on 1-3-14 (no response from Petco):  "We purchased a corn snake along with a guinea pig, cages and supplies for both animals on 12-1-13.  I returned with the snake on 12-22-13 explaining that it had not eaten and I was afraid it was going to die. **[I was not looking for a refund or anything at that point, just simply 'can you maybe save the snake', it was $25, no big deal if I have to buy a new one.]  I stopped in and the cashier was unable to find our purchase information based on our phone number, so she said they would have someone see if they can get the snake to eat and took down my name and phone number. I explained we would look for our paperwork.  I did not hear back so I stopped in on Sunday 12-29 and was told they didn't have my contact information and the person that handles the snake was not in. I left my information again.  On Tuesday, New Years Eve, I get a voice mail (I have it recorded and ready forward it), from the GM, repeatedly exclaiming I left a snake without contact information and they have been caring for it and with no contact information they assumed it was abandoned.  The GM explained she was leaving town until Tuesday and to call her then if I want to talk.  I called back immediately and spoke with someone else who said she had already left. I explained my situation and the girl said she thought the snake was better but to call back in a couple of days to find out.   I called today **[1-3-14] and spoke with Tracy, she refused to tell me anything and deferred to her GM, which I explained I was told to call in, Tracy rudely yelled back that I have to talk to her GM and deal with her when she returns next Tuesday. I tried to explain the GM said to call but was repeatedly cut off and denied to chance to even talk.  I am absolutely appalled at the customer service received at this store, whom still has my son's snake and will not even talk to me about it. THEY WILL NOT EVEN DISCUSS IT.  It is unbelievable that we the customer are being treated as a criminal of some sort. I am a Henderson small business owner and fear for your future with employees like this. "  I can not emphasize in words the frustration with these people. They do not deserve your business.   My 8 year old tells all the kids at his school Petco stole his first pet.  ** added for clarity
3 This is not a big Petco. It's like the neighborhood walmart version of the big box store. I come here for the convenient location but like any Petco, I find their prices to be high. I'm a member of their rewards club but have yet to benefit from it. Overall they have a good selection and the store is organized well. The staff I've met is friendly. It's not a specialty store so don't expect the staff to know a lot about exotic pets. It's a place to stop by if you happen to be in the area, but it's not a destination pet shop.
5 They always are excited to see me and my dog. Since they gave a small number of employees they stop and want to talk to us, see how we are doing.  The only problem is that some times they don't know what's going on in the store.   For the training staff,  Kim is amazing.  She cares and really wants you and your dog to succeed to be perfectly trained.
2 I was a little disappointed in this store. It's fairly small and the selection isn't as big as I would have liked for kitty supplies. The location is amazing, since it's right by where I live, but if you are looking for specific items, this may not be the place. Go to a bigger Petco or Petsmart. The people working were friendly enough, and there are adoptable cats right next to the checkout if you are intersted. I wanted to take one home with me when I went.
3 Average for a Petco.  I buy some of the frozen raw food to mix with my dog's kibble, but this particular store disappointed me.  I went to buy a bag of food on May 4, 2014.  Fortunately I checked the expiration date and found it expired in November 2013!  I understand some foods may expire as they sit on a shelf, but 6 months expired?  Yikes!
4 I went back and tried again.  All the food in the freezer was fresh with 6+ month expiration dates.  Bought a big bag and my doggy loves it.  What my doggy loves, I also love.
