5 Turns out there's some twinkle in these toes after all!  I had a rough start (shocking, I know!) because in all my nervous excitement I chose platform sandals..... I did... & I don't know why.  Lucky for me they sell dance shoes there & my instructor, who also happens to be a co-owner, was able to find a pair in my size :) He showed me how they should fit & even cut the strap to size for me. Did I mention they're REALLY nice?  I really do recommend maybe stopping by before starting your classes to  look at their dance shoe catalog. They don't normally have much in the studio, but they order the shoes for you.   I wanted to concentrate on Latin dance because then I can actually go out & practice in a social setting..... way, way, way, later when I don't need to stare at my partners feet :D I was happy to find out that they are just starting a Latin group class on Friday nights, so I'll be participating in some of those. It's under $10 for each group session, & so much better for your health than anything they sell at Starbucks ;)   I made it through my 30 minute one on one instruction with my pride still in tact, no bruises or broken bones & without inflicting any physical pain to anyone around me. That's a complete WIN in my book! In all honesty I had expected good, but what I got was EXCELLENT :)  Both of the instructors I met were talented, kind, professional, PATIENT & attentive. I can't see anyone doing anything less than having fun & learning under their tutelage.  It was a great experience & I can't wait to go back! For now I need to work on my frame, I need to get comfortable really 'pushing' my partner, I need to stop looking down, lol. All do-able! Give me a little time & they'll have me floating like a butterfly, lol!
5 I have RHYTHM!! & I have trouble not moving my top half when my bottom half moves, but it's only lesson number 2 ,people!  Today was also my very first Salsa GROUP class (insert scary music here!). Anytime something is scary, add witnesses & it turns TERRIFYING, right? lol!  Not in this case! As great as the one-on-one lessons are I found the group lesson tremendously helpful! There was definitely less pressure & it was a lot of fun to meet everyone. There were more women than men in the class, but that honestly wasn't an issue at all. Because we switched partners I danced with 2 different instructors, a more experienced female fellow dancer who actually did a great job at leading, 2 male fellow dancers & I even danced with myself.... lol!  The group lesson was 1 hour & it was only $7. When it was over I'd done my cardio for the night, gotten my practice in & met a great group of people :)  I'll be there again next Friday :D
1 Purchased a expensive dance package over a year ago and have yet to be able to use it. They NEVER answer the phone!!!! Update 3/12/12 Finally got a RUDE call from Nancy - the owners mother (seriously???) who then accused me of not purchasing a package and she said that I NEVER called to schedule an appt and if I did &amp;quot; how many call have I missed - when they  called back&amp;quot;!!! What nerve these people have. I explained to her I would be filing a complaint with my bank for a refund and hung up . About 20 minutes later I got another call that I let go to voicemail from her stating that she checked her records and  she saw I called multiple times while they were closed down and after and she was sorry I &amp;quot; slipped through the  cracks&amp;quot; but I was not entitled to a refund and I should just  dance it off!!!! I can not even believe what a joke this place turned in to . I must say they used to be good but what  happened??? I hope people read this review and know better than to pay for services up front with them because you just  might not recieve them at all!!! As for I, my bank refunded my money since they wouldn&amp;#39;t and charged them back.
5 My instructor was Tony and he was fantastic! Beautiful dancer with amazing movement... The best part was he was able to break everything down for me and give me the fine tuned details which is exactly what I wanted.  The entire staff was friendly, encouraging, and helpful. I will definitely be back!
