1 The reason why I ordered at the store was because only a few stores had bags in the shade Dark Night left. I had two experiences with this store. First time wasn't so bad. I placed an order through email with Ikuyo for a handbag. She seemed pretty friendly and even added a hand written card in my package. Unfortunately, the bag was heavier than I thought it would be so I returned it and got store credit.   I waited until another collection came out with a leather shade that I liked. Dark Night came out again for Spring/Summer '12 so I emailed them again saying I was interested in the Town in Dark Night. This time, the person who was in charge of the online sales was David. I wanted to know an approximate weight of the bag because I didn't want to have to go through having to pay an extra $40 to ship the bag back because the bag was too heavy again. If I was given a number I'd be able to know if I would work or not without having to go through the time and money of purchasing it and sending it back.   He never really gave me a clear answer and I had to ask several times before he finally told me it was about 1lb something. That's all I needed to know the whole time! By this time he's already annoying me and I started to have doubts on whether or not he'll get me a nice bag. He seems pretty careless already, I don't know if I can trust that he'll pick me a nice bag without flaws... Well, there's a reason why they say to trust your intuitions...  After finding out the approximate weight of the bag, I said I wanted it. I told him I had store credit and to please pick out a nice one without any flaws, and has not been on the floor(I'm kind of OCD about that), for me. I also asked if it was possible to have the package be held at the UPS hub because I knew for sure that no one would be home to sign for the package during the times that UPS makes deliveries. On the UPS site it says that holding the package for pickup is an option that the sender has to do, not the recipient which is why I asked. I received no reply to my email. I never heard from him again (until I contacted him and complained later on). All I got after that was an email from UPS with a tracking number saying to expect a package. No assurance that he'd pick a nice one for me, no thanks for your purchase we just sent out the package, and no sorry but we're not able to have the UPS pickup option". I WAS JUST IGNORED and it felt like he wanted to end the transaction as quickly as possible and get it over with and not have to deal with me anymore. I had to find out that the package was not held for pickup when I received numerous delivery attempt emails from UPS.   So I finally pick up my package at the UPS hub only after numerous failed delivery attempts. I couldn't pick up the package until UPS was about ready to ship the package back because pickup option is up to the sender... Anyway, I open the box, no card. I look at the bag. First thing I see is this strange spot that I wasn't sure was adhesive residue or scratches. It had dust and little red fibers attached to it so I think it was adhesive. I start to pick at it and sure enough, it was sticky glue. Like someone had used packing tape, left it on for a little bit, and removed it. I seriously doubt anyone bothered to inspect the bag, like I had asked for, because they would have noticed it.    Also, the two corners of the bag look different, like they have different stich work done. It's hard for me to describe but one side the seam is sticking out while the other is more smooth. I'm looking at photos of the town bag that people have taken and posted on a forum and they all look to be more similar on both sides. Either it's sticking out on both sides or smooth on both sides.  So, in conclusion I spent $2000 on a crappy bag with memories of crappy service. Well, I guess that's what I get for being materialistic and superficial; spending that kind of money on a handbag rather than donating it to charity or something... Karmaa
5 After everything I ended up communicating with just Ikuyo about the issues. She offered to take the bag back even though it's been well over the 10 day exchange policy. I decided to keep it because they don't have a replacement but I am very appreciative of all the assistance she gave me from the very beginning of placing my first order, to the return, and to handling the mess of the second order. I would highly recommend Ikuyo.
4 I fell in love with a bag I first saw at the Caesar's forum shops location (Scott was very helpful there), but ended up purchasing it here because it was very close to where we were staying (Aria). Marie was very patient and helpful as I tried to decide on the color that I wanted, she gave me a few tips and even continued to email me notifications when similar bags (and colors) were released months after my purchase. Great shopping experience (no pressure), and I left Vegas a very happy girl (can't say the same for le bf's wallet).
5 Got my first Balenciaga bag that I was eyeing on in a long time at this location.  The lady that helped me was very helpful and not pushy at all. I definitely recommend Balenciaga if you wanna splurge on a bag.
5 Shopped here with my husband before we had lunch at Wolfgang Puck; the sales associates greeted me as soon as I walked in with a bright smile (I think her name is Nancy).  I wanted a cross-body bag but was not too sure about the color or the size; I kept on searching the one that I really like, she was very helpful and patience the entire time; once I picked up a style, she immediately went to the back and grabbed all the colors that came with, I probably have spent 30min there and she probably took out half of what they had in the back. My husband and I had finally decided on a newest style Giant 12 Golden Town Bag, but they didn't have the color Bleu Mineral in store.   She then checked the other store in Vegas and promised us to drive there and get the bag for us, so we didn't need to go there ourselves and in time before our flight. We had our lunch at Wolfgang Puck while she was getting my bag, before even we finished our lunch, she already called and told us that the bag had arrived.  I was very pleased with the service here; highly recommended for all Balenciaga fans!
5 Very very very helpful and amazing staff. This guy named Andrew helped me out and he is amazing! he actually got exactly what i wanted and i am very very please with his service.  Please! if you guys need anything from this store particular store inside crystals just  look for Andrew and i'm sure he will help you out :)   (702)262-1636   Balenciaga Andrew Magana
