4 UN AMMO is straight up. The prices on ammo are not arbitrarily raised by retailers- prices are up at the source. When a retailer pays more he must charge more.  If you can find it cheaper- buy it, don't blame the store owner for the repercussions of your poor candidate selection last November.  When Cabela's, Walmart and Bass Pro Shops are completely out- UNAMMO has some.  These guys are knowledgable and helpful.
5 What a great store, they only sell ammo and get it in pallets so they usually don't run out overnight but in today's crazy market the prices are a little higher than normal but they did have 380 in stock yesterday.  They post supply on their website and they will even tell you when the next shipment is coming in as long as they have a tracking number.  Really nice guys here and the store is a pretty good size for a place that only sells ammo.  I will get back here to pick up some 9mm when they get it in stock.  I think the other poor reviews are a bad rap for this place, of course prices are up now.
5 I purchased some ammo today.  My experience in the store was a good one.   Honestly, there wasn't a lot of ammo in stock here, but there isn't a lot of ammo ANYWHERE.      I looked online and the price was best with UNAC.  I saved about $40 (plus shipping) on a single case of ammo, and those were online prices I was comparing against.    After meeting the guy running the store, and having a great honest conversation about different ammunition brands, I was not only satisfied with my current purchase of ammo, but can't wait to see what will be in stock once the political climate changes (Early 2013, it's pretty darn rare to find 7.62x39 - and the stores around here are completely sold out!)  Kudos to UNAC, I'll be back.  Also, Kudos to Howie for being a cool cat.
4 This place has pretty good deals on different types of calibers from time to time and usually offer different brands within the calibers.  No limits that I know of on how much you can buy.  What you pay here for brass is quite a bit less (around 10% to 20% I'd say) than most places and almost in line with what you pay at Wal-Mart.  Just a couple to a few dollars more per hundred rounds.  Ownership is great.  They let me return a brick of ammo that just wasn't cycling in my pistol.  I got a refund for what I didn't use.  I was happy and will be going back when I need to restock my supply.
5 They always have something cool and the prices did go down and you never know what you're going to take home there..the bed bug guy
5 I do a lot of biz with UNAC. I usually supply friends & competitors because this place is close to me, so I buy more than I shoot and these guys are always straight forward & honest. No limits which helps me & my friends. The cherry on top is that this is quality ammo, no junk and if a round isn't cycling well, they'll usually swap it out. They have some gimmicky stuff in there, bowling ball cannons etc ... but that's kinda fun too. Through many thousands of competitive rounds, I've never had a bad experience.
