5 Generous portion, flavorful food, first rate ventilation equipment over the tabletop BBQ grill, newest addition to the Korean restaurant scene in Las Vegas. Owned by one of the nicest and very successful local business owner.  Anyway, after watching a great Saints vs. Lions game, I decided I was going to drop by for some pho (saw Lily's quick tip), but saw the grand opening banner for Woonam Jung. (Opened since Thursday, January 5, 2012)  Wow, what a pleasant surprise after some many years!  So I had to come check it out, even though I am not that hungry.  The hostess showed me to a table in the front of the restaurant.  And I was greeted by probably all of the wait staff, or at least three of them, a few minutes apart ready to take my order (in Korean).  I tried a Galbi stew the last time I ate at a Korean restaurant, so I picked something similar to try here.  The Ugeoji Galbitang (Beef Rib Stew w/ Dried Cabbage) was flavorful and not too spicy.  The portion is large, easily sharable with 2 or more friends.  And it was served with steam rice mixed with some purple rice.  While I was having my dinner, the owner spoke to my after he was done with a business meeting with a member of the local Chinese newspaper.  I learned that besides the newly opened Woonam Jung Korean Cuisine restaurant, he also owns the Koreantown Plaza, the food courts in Greenland Market, Lee's Travel Agency, as well as, (and you can probably guess if I ask you what other business) Lee's Discount Liquor.  Mr. Hae Un Lee, is a first class and all around nice and engaging man, who told me a brief history of how he came to Las Vegas 33 years ago; opened his first Lee's Discount Liquor store 30 years ago and grew it into the massive business empire it is today.  The conversation is like a big cherry to top dessert treat for me.  Anyway, I will be back to try the Korean BBQ part of the menu in the next few days.    --Update--  Came back for the Korean BBQ. Our group went with the seafood combination, which consisted of lobster tails, giant shrimps, calamari, and scallops.  If it is indeed 1 portion worth, instead of the 2x portion that we suspected it to be, then it is well worth it.  The non-prime marinated Galbi was delicious.  The most tender piece of galbi I have ever had the pleasure of eating, and it is thicker than what is typically served at other restaurants or what you can buy from Korean markets.    Service was not as great as my first visit, but they were not slammed by the crowd of CES attendees using up their per diem.  Plus they were just wrapping up their first week of grand opening.  But I will still be back for more of the Galbi and seafood combination.  Service:  4.5/5  Very attentive. If you are Asian, you will likely be mistaken for Korean.  But their English is fairly good, so if your Korean conversation skills is nil, you will still get great service.  Food:  4.5/5  Definitely going up against the other well-established local Korean restaurants.  The food was tasty and the default spiciness level is very mild, and can be dialed up as requested.  Decor/Ambiance:  4.5/5.  Well lit, tastefully decorated.  Parking:  5/5  There are a lot of spaces on the side of Koreatown Plaza where Woonam Jung is located (between Pho Saigon and Tiffany's Coffee).  I really like this place!
3 This spot is clean, bright, and well-ventilated, which is a big deal for Korean BBQ.    I didn't try the BBQ on my visit, I was craving Dolsot BibimBop  (Hot clay pot Bibimbop)  When my bowl came out I noticed a few things that caught my attention.  There was a crisp, black leaf on the top of it.  I'm not sure what it was, but I don't think it was edible.  The rice was purple, which I've never seen before.   Once I added the right amount of GochuJang, (Red Pepper Paste) it tasted similar to many other Dolsot Bibimbops I've had in the past.  The best part of this dish is of course the crispy rice at the bottom of the bowl.    I wouldn't rush back here, since there are so many other Korean spots in town, but I'd come back to try the BBQ.
5 My friends and was at Korean town for grocery and noticed this place, cold and hungry on a whim we decided to go. Mr Lee from Lees liquor was there lol. Anyways the restaurant is very clean and professional. Their menu consist of korean bbq, shabu shabu, and traditional korean foods. I ordered the shabu shabu which is 15$ but you must have 2 orders so it's pretty much 30$. The food was very fresh filled with vegetables, tofu, and mushrooms. Along with the meat of course. The waiter/waitress will Volunteer to help you cook the food if you are unfamiliar. The hotpot at first seems like it won't fill you, but in the end shared with two ppl is more than enough. After you've finished your hotpot they will actually prepare a fried rice like dish with two eggs, seasonings, and purple rice(which seems to be their standard rice). I definitely come back if this cold weather ever gets to me again. Also seeing Lee popping wines while entertaining his guest was a bonus.
3 Food is super yummy. Service is typical Korean rude. Prices are on par with other Korean places (high). Barely any variety of the free side dishes, but very tasty. No table bigger than party of 6. We squeezed in party of 7. The staff crams themselves between you to do stuff as well as spill raw meat fluids on the table as well as you. No apologies of course. Something crazy with the lights going on/off with the fans going on/off. When we eat Korean food, we really go for good food and always expect rude service. When we do get good service, we are pleasantly surprised, but we don't really care anymore. If you want refills of anything, including drinks, then keep asking and eventually it will come.
3 My first time at Woonam Jung. The atmosphere was nice and the service was friendly and attentive. It's very rare that I see smiling staff at a korean restaurant. Just saying.   Flavor and quality was pretty standard with korean barbecue. Nothing stood out except when I asked for a side of rice, I got the purple korean rice. It was a bit sticky and had a slightly nutty flavor. I don't know what it's called but I really liked it. Meat portions were good as well as the side dishes.   Was dining with my 2 brothers and boy, can they eat. We had plenty of side dishes and meat: pork, galbi, etc. The three of us got out of there for around $80. Normal pricing for non-AYCE korean barbecue.
4 Pretty good Korean food. Ordered the premium short ribs and kimchee chigae both very good.  Definitely worth checking out.
2 They just opened this place a few months ago. What a disappointment! It just wasn't very tasty. My standards for Korean food in Las Vegas isn't as high as it is in Los Angeles, but this place needs to kick in the butt. I ordered the galbi tang with dried cabbage. It's about $3 more than other places... so my order was about $20 for one item. That would have been fine if it was delicious, but the meat had a odd taste to it, as if it was too old... a slight rancid taste -- like old oil. I couldn't eat after a few bites. I just paid and left. The only nice thing is that it has a good atmosphere, and they bring the side dishes in pretty white plates. Not going back.
4 I was down in the China Town area Saturday morning just to check things out.  I was feeling rather hungry and decided it was time for lunch even though it was only around 10:30 AM.  Well, not many places seemed to be open that early.  Not where I was looking at least.  So I headed up Spring Mountain to check out Pho Saigon on Rainbow.  I figured if they were not open I could at least visit the market next door.  Much to my surprise I saw Woonam Jung right there too and it was open.  Well, I had never had real Korean food before so I thought "what the heck."  I may as well give it a try.  So I walked in and found it to be very quiet.  It was still early afterall.  The restaurant was beautiful.  Dark floors.  Dark tables.  Glass panels with a dragon etched in.  Remarkably clean.  I looked at the menu before deciding to actually eat there.  I did not understand much of anything on it as most of it was in Korean and I don't read the language.  The hostess was kind enough to explain some of the menu to me and I took my seat.  I ordered bulgogi since it was really the only thing on the menu that I was familiar with.    It did not take long for my order to come out.  First up were the sides.  There was classic cabbage kimchi, cucumber kimchi, bean sprout salad, broccoli raab, and the big mystery side.  That was some sort of shredded or noodle looking dish.  It was spicy and slightly fishy.  Good though.  More on that later.  The kimchis were both fantastic.  The bean sprouts were fresh and crisp.  The broccoli raab was just okay but I am not a fan of the green when it is cooked.  The bulgogi was great.  The beef was very tender and not at all fatty.  There was a certain sweetness to it that is hard to explain.  In any case, it was delicious.  The steamed sticky rice on the side was good too.  It was sticky enough to eat with chop sticks.  Something I have always struggled to do.  No problems here.    After lunch I went for a walk through the market next door and discovered what I think the mystery side was.  Shredded dried cuddle fish.  That would explain the fishy taste.  It is strange to think I ate that becasue it is not something I am familiar with but it was good and I would likely eat it again if it came as a side again.  I was quite pleased with the food and service and would like to return again.  Maybe a ways down the road though.  The $13 price tag for lunch is higher than what I am used to paying.  When I feel the need for good Korean cuisine, though, I know where to go.
5 This place gets a 5 star because as yelp 5 stars states "woohoo! As good as it gets (in Vegas)!"  I'm exaggerating a little. If this place was in LA (aka Los Angeles) it would probably get a 4 star. I've lived in Vegas for almost four yrs now searching high and low for a "LA" k-bbq I miss dearly from my beloved howntown of southern cali. If you want to fill your stomach on a typical all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ then head to Sula. If you're craving quality, flavorful Korean BBQ then this is the place. The price is higher than the average k-restaurant and the k-buffet in China Town but it was worth it.  The decor is more sophisticated than the most Korean restaurants on Sprinf Mtn. The over head vents actually work. You don't come out smelling like a camp fire. The servers were friendly and grilled and cut our meat on a friday night. Yes, they don't pass out rice. Not a problem, just ask. We got white rice. Heuk mee bap (purple rice) would have been fine too.   Wish we would have tried the beef carpaccio and pork belly. Looked really good on our neighbors table. Nevertheless, we were really satisfied with our meal.  Seafood soon tofu - i usually order beef but i'm glad we got seafood. It was SO addictive even in 100 degree weather.  Japchae - freshly made, yummy, and warm.  Haemil Pajeon - watch out for the sliced red pepper, yum!  Kalbi, bulgogi, dak bulgogi - very flavorful!  Shik hae - sweet korean rice drink infused w/ ginger, yummy!   Eundagoo jorim - korean fish casserole. This came out pretty fast. Usually takes a while to make. So tasty and they added tofu!
1 Horrible customer service  If you are not Korean good luck communicating with them  The all you can eat menu is a LIE.  The waiter told me the bean soup and steam egg is ONE per table only EVEN THOUGH it says in the menu unlimited means unlimited.  They lie!  Nobody speaks English.  They cater to Korean only speaking customers.   Never again  Unless you speak Korean, you will have a hard time twisting your tongue to primitive English in the hopes they can understand it.
5 Move over Sura and all other Korean AYCE BBQ - the new undisputed champ has arrived and that is Woo Nam Jung!  The atmosphere, service, and food quality trumps them all.  They serve their gal bi filet style where it's cut from the bone.  Almost all the other serve the other cut of ribs where with 2-3 small bones in each.  The taste and quality of their meats is so much better.  I like how they bring the food to you and help you cook- added service bonus.  The atmosphere is also much nicer and their ventilation is better so you won't be coming out smelling like BBQ as much.  Considering this place has been open a few months and only has 12 reviews, I'm really surprised.  This place is severely underrated and is easily my favorite AYCE BBQ.
5 Galbi (kalbi) heaven! These ribs are no joke the bomb diggity! They are so tender, the meat literally almost melts in your mouth and it is coated in a sweet flavorful marinade.  It's BBQ meat but tastes like it could be braised...what kind of Korean magic trick is this =P I don't think any of the other Korean BBQ establishments serve the short ribs thick cut, all the other places generally have the thinner cut ones similar to the ones at Hawaiian restaurants.  Also they have all the other items like rib eye, marinated beef, pork belly, spicy pork, beef belly, squid, steamed egg, etc.  The only item that is not on the list, that places like Sura have, is shrimp.  This is not one of those establishments where you go and pick your meat, instead you order off a menu and they come to your table and cook the meat for you.  For the price of $25 for AYCE, it's on par with the other restaurants, but the galbi is what will have me coming back here instead of other places.  The banchan is a little limited, only three or four items....and I noticed because I always notice Asian biases...other tables with Korean speaking customers received "extra" banchan and maybe a little extra attention while they were there.  But overall, the customer service is still better than some of the other AYCE Korean places, since they did come and flip the meat and cut the pork belly and kalbi into smaller pieces for us.  They also serve an after dinner drink....a sweet cinnamon/ginger/dried persimmon punch with pine nuts...meant to aid in the digestion of the copious amounts of meat inhaled.  This place is owned by Mr. Lee of Lee's liquors....as was made obvious as he sat and enjoyed his dinner and a glass of wine in the corner....Mr. Lee is clearly a very successful businessman...and now he has another money making sensation on his hands.
3 I am not Korean and I sort of felt like an outsider here.   We only ordered hot pots, which were well made, but nothing special.   If I was going to do Ayce BBQ I would prefer Sura over Woonam Jung, because Sura you can serve yourself and Woonam I found the service kind of slow.
5 They have AYCE now! The pig in me snorts with joy! AYCE dinner consists of the good marinated kalbi, the one with one great big bone and the meat comes rolled over the bone. It is very tender, thick, and delicious. Ribeye also comes as part of that as well. There is also spicy octopus and pork intestines for the more adventurous eaters. I really enjoyed the ayce option as the regular prices for the meat platters are quite expensive.   Currently, there is also a special of 10% off the bill, but the sign is on the cashregister and is written in korean. You just have to ask as they will forget to take the 10% off.
5 Delicious!! A group of 8 went here last night, and we were immediately greeted by two smiling, friendly employees.  Immediately I noticed how clean the restaurant is, and how delicious the food cooking at other tables smelled. Once we ordered the all you can eat, two ladies brought out a huge plate of beef briscut and thinly sliced beef tongue, as well as so many side dishes, salads, and appetizers! Our tables were full! The salad with the ginger and apples dressing is yummy, with a little spicy kick.  The seasoned cucumbers were one of my favorites, along with the miso soup.  The miso paste/sauce is my fav, and the meat tasted great! So tender, and juicy, and the meat plates kept coming! Im thankful I had my Korean friend with us to explain dishes and order, but the waitresses were nice and spoke english.  The best meat was the thin marinated beef!! A must try!!!!!!! I will be back here once a month!
5 At last, Mr. Lee's Woonam Jung adds AYCE Korean BBQ to their menu. Ordering their tender, delicious Kalbi a la carte certainly put a hole in my pocket. As tasty as it was, I had a difficult time paying $30 for a plate of it on top of whatever entree I ate. Sura has some serious competition now that Mr. Lee threw his hat into the AYCE KBBQ ring.   For a measly $26 at dinner, you can fill your three stomachs with all the Kalbi you want and your other three with bulgogi, chadolbaegi (thinly sliced beef brisket), samgyupsal (pork belly), dak (chicken) bulgogi , deh ji (pork) bulgogi plus the steamed egg and doenjang jjigae (soybean soup) traditionally served with a Korean BBQ meal. Given you have six full stomachs and still have room to spare, all of this and more is 'bottomless' and you still get a 5-star worthy selection of fresh banchan.   Think of those pricey front-loading washer/dryers. Yeah, those shiny, fancy ones that are so quiet you can take a nap in the laundry room. They're considerably less annoying than their top-loading ancestors. Where am I going with this? Woonam Jung uses the fancy front-loaders of BBQ hoods--nearly silent and 1,000x more efficient. You won't have to project your voice over a noisy fan and you'll go home smelling like your perfume of the night instead of grilled meat.   While Woonam Jung doesn't look like much from the outside, the inside is nicely decorated and has this Asian tranquility thing going for it. In short, it's a more luxurious establishment to stuff your face. If you want to up your dining experience or fancy up the act of over-eating, Woonam Jung's food presentation, modern plates, and cute server uniforms will not disappoint.  AYCE BBQ is available at lunch-time. But I hope you like bulgogi because kalbi isn't served until dinner. And if for whatever reason you're not into the AYCE BBQ thing or great deals make you feel cheap, BBQ is still available to purchase a la carte and their other entrees are flat out delicious! The yukgaejang and dolsot bibimbap are two of my favorites.
4 The all you can eat was $17.99 for Lunch and $24.99 for Dinner.  Considering each Meat order was about $20 it was definitely worth it.  The food was delicious and the waitresses were very kind.  The only reason it has 4/5 stars is that they were not very good with filling my water.    Awsome food and nice staff.  Just be sure to ask for extra water from the beginning. :)
5 Very very good AYCE Korean...best I have had personally, and I have tried at least 5-6 other spots in town over the years.  I am not a connoisseur by any means, and I am not Korean, but this was the best overall experience and food I have had.   What makes it the best in my eyes?   Freshly prepared everything.  All the side dishes are wonderfully prepared, and everything is included.  We got soups, salads, sides, and everything in between.  Run out of something?  Just ask for it, and you have it within minutes.  Some other places really skimp out on these important staples.  Service...this is the hit or miss at Korean BBQ spots.  Sometimes you are your own chef (hate this way, but it still works), and sometimes you feel like you have your own personal chef table side.  This is the latter!  We had two different ladies checking in on us, ordering our food, refilling our drinks, and most importantly, cooking our food for us!    Meats....also freshly prepared.  Don't expect to be digging out your own food raw buffet style.  That always weirded/grossed me out truthfully.  You want bulgogi?  Ask for it, and it is prepared and brought to your table.  Want more kalbi ribs?  You never get a dirty eye or feel guilty about pigging out.  And the meats are full of flavor!  Try the spicy pork dish and rice cracker dish (it is spelled out completely in Korean)!  Yum!  Lastly, the atmosphere is great.  The location isn't nearly as seedy as a lot of other spots, and the decor inside is very trendy and classy.  The grill tops work very well, and are super quiet fans that do their job well.  Since the food is prepared fresh and everyone is friendly, you feel very welcomed and can fully enjoy your short stay with them.  They have only been open for about a year, and with Mr. Lee's money behind them, you know they will be serving the best quality and selection at the most fair prices, just like their liquor stores.  If you love Korean BBQ, you owe it to yourself to give it a go!
3 Being jaded from AYCE Korean BBQ from LA, we are always looking for something here in Vegas to justify not driving to Cali for good Korean BBQ.  So after reading all the other reviews, we decided to give this place a try.  The layout of the place is modern, and has clean looks.  The staff was friendly and the service was good.  They had a variety of banchan and a variety of meats to choose from.  Prices are OK (for Vegas, but you can get an awesome KBBQ AYCE in LA for under $20 like MooDaePo or Road to Seoul)   Based on other KBBQ AYCE in town, I would say this place is pretty good.  But if you are familiar with KBBQ from SoCal, they have to step up their game.  They should add additional dipping sauces as their Bulgogi (Marinated Beef Sirlion) lacked seasoning in comparison to other KBBQ...they should also get "rice paper" or radish wraps to their Banchan.  I will say that their Galbi (Marinated Short Ribs) was flavored best and should've started with that choice sooner.  I would return probably return here for some Bibimbap and a sizzling Galbi plate.  Until then, I would still go drive to SoCal for some KBBQ AYCE goodness.
5 Delicious
3 I think this is the same as Woonam Jung. Just a different owner. It is a little bit on the pricey side. This business is a little bit on the stingy side as well. Usually when you think of korean restaurants you think of generosity.. this is sort of the opposite. After we had eaten our side dishes, the waitress never came by to refill them. For me, that is a big NO-NO. #1 Rule: Keep those side dishes full. You don't even have to ask me if I want them to be refilled, like Nike says "Just do it". It was Christmas eve so they were busy, but you would expect the waitresses to be a little bit more attentive... seemed kind of amateurish. The meat was OK. The side dishes were OK. Overall it was just an OK experience. Nothing more, nothing less. If you tried out this place you would understand :/
4 The folks from the Lee's Liquor not only know their booze, but they also know their Korean BBQ as well. Woonam Jung is fast becoming the king of K-BBQ in the 702. Having tried other places such as Sura and Woo-Che, Woonam Jung gets the edge in quality, cleanliness, and variety. We were fortunate to have Jieun L. on our table to give us a crash course on K-BBQ etiquette and to expidite the ordering of each round smoother than a baby's butt...well, almost as smooth as that-our server seemed a little frazzled probably from the amount of food and water we consumed,(but that's what happens when you got Dr.J and The Hungry Hawaiian on the same table!?!?!?)  but kept her composure and got some assistance later from a Ben-tern look-a-like... Here's how the evening unfolded....   (T)hree tables full of Yelpers came out to attack (O)ur host of the evening was Jen S.-Thanks for another great UYE!!! (N)iners beat the Packers on the TV.....GO NINERS!!!! (G)albi or Kalbi is one of the very popular meats here..very soft and tender! (U)nlimited banchan(sides) and meats when you get AYCE.... (E)veryone on our table demolished a total of 5 rounds of assorted grill items, banchan, and veggies...We absolutely KILLED it!!!  (A)lways a great time grubbin' with the gang (C)ooking our selections guarantees fresh, hot food (T)he dipping sauce for your meats is a MUST!-Mahalo Mike C. for the tip! (I) really loved the Beef Tongue-we killed 4 rounds of that (O)ther items we had were Soybean Stew and Steamed Egg-YUM! (N)ot a hungry soul left this place after we were done  (B)aby Octopus and Big Beef Intestine(cook this longer!) were interestingly good! (A)ll You Can Eat is the best way to experience Woonam jung (B)eef brisket, Ribeye, and Marinated Pork were tasty too! (Y)ou will smell like Korean BBQ after you dine here...You have been warned...  (!)!!!ALOHA!!!!   YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(13/100) "Dinner with Dr. J"
4 This review is for the UYE just held here in the opening month of 2013, graciously hosted by Jen S.  After not having partaken in Korean BBQ since about 2006, this was a really fun event for me.  And my 3.2 lb. temporary weight gain the next day showed that the AYCE eating was pretty intense, too.  Fortunately, I dropped over 5 lbs. since then.  While Nelson Q.'s and Jen. S's table boasted some heavy eaters like Nelson Q. himself, Paolo D., and Jieun L., and finished off 5 rounds of food, my table that consisted of myself, Tony T., Bobby Y., Misti Y., Anthony M., and Ife A. were no slouches either.  In fact, although we may not have packed in as much total meat as our friendly neighbors just to the south, we polished off 9 rounds of food.  Yes, I was counting!  Never underestimate the eating prowess of Misti Y. and Bobby Y., who can be formidable eaters if it suits their fancy.  And Tony T., our masterful grill chef, who taught me that Jalapeno Peppers taste even better when cooked, just kept eating and eating amidst his cooking tasks.  Anthony M. ate his fair share, and took very few, if any, photos.  And, poor Ife A. kept getting blasted by dense smoke from the grill, which seemed intent on striking only her.  Most food served was very tasty.  But the quality of the marinated Kalbi we were served in different rounds was inconsistent.  One batch was melt in your mouth delicious, but another was noticeably tough.  And at our table, service was mixed.  At first we could barely get our server's attention.  And, I had to ask for water 3 times and then after hearing "Okay!" wait another 10 minutes, and watch 2 new diners be brought water glasses by our very server before any water refill was delivered to deal with the Spicy Boneless Sliced Pork before me.  One of my dining companions remarked, "Maybe she said, 'Nokay!"  After this, we became more assertive in asking for replenishment of finished off items, and soon enough all was fine and we were eventually bombarded with water bottles and even a pitcher of aqua.    We were not as adventurous as the hungry Hawaiian and his cohorts, so did not order any Beef Intestines.  But we enjoyed waves of Beef Short Ribs (Kalbi), Rib Eye Beef, Spicy Boneless Sliced Pork, Beef Brisket, Beef Tongue, Baby Octopus, and Pork Belly, as well as fluffy Steamed White Rice kept hot in tiny shiny silver pots, Kimchi, Bean Sprouts, White Onion, Jalapenos, and Steamed Egg that was like a great souffle.  I also very much liked a bowl of hot Bean Paste Soup, and had to acknowledge that a Baby Octopus actually tasted good, and so did Beef Tongue.  To the restaurant staff's credit, grills were changed periodically to avoid the meat sticking to them, and our server and other crew members never complained about our prodigious ordering and eating.  With a stiff monetary penalty if we left half a pound of food behind hanging over our heads, we did consume all we ordered during our 2 hour and 20 minute dinner.  5 stars for the companionship, witty conversation, and fun at this UYE; and kudos to host Jen S. for arranging this fine event; to the restaurant staff for serving us; and to Tony T. for deftly utilizing his professional cooking skills on our group's behalf.  4 stars for the food and service.  4-1/2 stars overall!
3 Product:  One of the best meat quality in the Vegas area, variety of selection that cannot be gotten in other restaurants.  It is also very clean unlike other places around.   Service: It is only good if you speak Korean or sit in the same table with a person that speaks Korea, but i guess it is a common theme in all Korean restaurants around Vegas.   Price: A little high compared to other, but i would pay it for the quality of the product.   Overall: If you can live with the poor service of a typical Korean restaurant, i would strongly recommend go there for the quality of the meats.
5 I finally tried the legendary Woonam Jung kalbi thanks to a not-so-little UYE hosted by Jen S. Oh yes. WJ's kalbi is the best in town. Supposedly, they get their kalbi from LA. For $24.99 AYCE, WJ is definitely worth the visit.  Other things we tried that were delicious: chadolbaegi (brisket), hyeomit gui (beef tongue), maeun daeji bulgogi (spicy pork).  Not everything was amazing. The gaeran jim (steamed egg) was burnt and you could taste it throughout. The other meats we ordered were decent, but other KBBQ joints do it just as well. And the service, though quite good at first, seemed to grow weary of our non-stop ordering. But I won't fault them for that. We were a demanding bunch.  The kalbi alone earns them five stars.
2 Food was okay. Slow service even though it wasn't a full house. The staff also were annoyed of us because we kept asking for more salad??? I mean we were a party of 13!!! I prefer TOFU HUT!
5 My favorite thing here isn't even the Korean BBQ itself, but don't get me wrong the pork belly is my OTHER fave as far BBQ goes... They have this raw beef and inside they wrap it with a variety of different vegetables: MMMMMmMMMmmMM!!!!!! SO good! It is a MUST every time we go. They used to have it as one of the combo's but I'm not sure if they changed that, but either way, when we do all you can eat, we must order this on the side. NOMTASTIC.  They will typically cook the food for you at your table but once in awhile when we go we are on our own with that, but that's fine too.  If you are consuming AYCE, EVERYONE at the table must participate and will be charged. That kind of annoyed me since my daughter was with us when we were stuffing our faces and didn't eat ANY meat or anything except some of her rice, yet she was still charged the full price. They could change that up or at least have a kid price since they typically don't eat as much as adults do.
2 If you advertise AYCE Korean BBQ, you should have the general decency to bring out more than one order of Galbi at a time for a party of six. We would order "2 Galbi and 1 Brisket" and would receive 1 Galbi and 1 Brisket. We would then order "2 Galbi and 1 Ribeye" and would receive 1 Galbi and 1 Ribeye. The game became predictable, and frustrating. Repeat 6 or 7 times and you begin to think that there's a big sign in the back (in Korean) that says "Only one order of our precious Galbi per table per half hour or you're fired!" At lease that's how it felt. To top it off, there is a warning on the bottom of the menu that threatens a $25 penalty if more than a 1/2 lb of meat is left on your table. Seeing this warning was beyond ridiculous and ironic, as at no point was more than a 1/2 lb of meat served to us at any given time.  The service was typical LA / NYC, which means it was pretty much terrible and the waitresses will actually talk shit about you (in Korean) under their breaths. I saw & heard this several times, especially when we tried to manipulate the temperature of our grill. We had to get the attention of the manager (might have been the owner's wife?) to prod our waitress into filling our 6 empty beverage glasses and our empty banchan dishes. At one point we found a sweet spot by ordering with what appeared to be a servers' assistant: he brought us the 2 Galbi and 1 Whatever that we ordered a few times in a row and we felt like we hit the jackpot - sounds sad, doesn't it? In the end we ordered about 9 plates of assorted meats for an average of 3 servings per person at our table, or about 12 oz. per person. Grill off the fat and that's about 8 oz. of $5/lb. short rib plus some random banchan and soup for $25. Not a very good value, not to mention it took 3 hours to pry that much from them. This place makes Sura BBQ Buffet look like an oasis.  Quality of food and Woonam Jung retrospective: Almost exactly one year ago, this place opened with a full-price a la carte menu. The $28 single servings of Galbi were some of the most expensive in town, but absolutely the most tender, delicious Korean marinated short rib I've ever tasted. Worth every penny. This legendary Galbi DOES NOT exist anymore at Woonam Jung. Total bait and switch. Don't even think you're getting the same quality with the new (and stingy) AYCE plan. To make matters worse, the banchan they serve is below average, which is surprising because you'd think that it should be at least better than the stuff available at the Greenland Korean Market next door. I can't imagine that the owners of this restaurant actually eat the same grade food as their AYCE customers.  You guys are being cheapos: The vent hoods weren't turned up to an acceptable level, keeping our friends against the wall in a wall of smoke the entire meal. And, a table for 6 at a truly LA-style KBBQ should have a larger grill than the little circle ones at Woonam Jung. OK enough. 2 stars and I am out for good.
4 First time ever in this type of restaurant whereas you BBQ your own food at the table. So... the wife and I we're thinking great the only howlies in the joint.  We figured out what to do, it was a good learning experience.  Service seemed really good and prompt. What ever we asked for I or my wife got promptly. Only the necessities were suggested and asked when seated (I don't like being asked every five minutes "how is everything?, can I get you something else?" mostly when my mouth is full of grindage.) Food to fry had good color,  presentation and flavor.  Korean beer was good too. Prices seemed normal to the cost of living.  Got to meet the owner Lee and a photo with the man him self, he also is the owner of all the Lee's Discount Liquor stores here in Las Vegas and surrounding areas.  Over all a fun experience, I will go back, tell some friends, and I recommend it. I do caution you that you will come out smelling just like a Korean BBQ.  So, to my dog I must have smelled delicious!
5 Seriously the best ayce spot for Korean BBQ.  Not only is the food really good, but the service was outstanding.  A rare experience for me in a korean restaurant.  Good selection meats.  side dishes are very good and have a good selection.  Must go for anyone that likes korean bbq.
4 We went to this place for the first time last night.  It was very good.  We had the stone pot rice thingie and seafood pancake.  They have ayce BBQ you cook yourself but we didn't think we could do it justice.  The servers were kinda "hands off" but that's okay sometimes.  The place is pretty modern decor and very clean so the service issue was whatever.  It is open til 2 am which is good cause we never decide on dinner til everything is usually closed.
3 This was just OK.  I wouldn't recommend Woonam Jung for a group larger than 2 since we found the grill to be too small for a party of 4 (3 of them who consistently eat their dinner like they just got out of prison).   Lots of waiting around to make more space on these small grills and then waiting for it to be done.  I prefer the bigger grills at Honey Pig.    I also didn't like how long it took for the beers to come out.  We had to ask twice for 2 reorders.  It was Hite beer so all they had to do was crack open the bottles and walk them over.  It wasn't like they were slammed the night we were there.    Banchan was substandard and I thought the pork belly was disappointing.  I did enjoy the ribeye, galbi, spicy chicken and spicy pork.  I liked that it was well ventilated so you didn't have to carry around Korean BBQ cologne with you the rest of the evening.  I still prefer other places down the street over this though.
4 This is definitely one of the better Korean BBQs in Las Vegas.  When you walk in, everything is very shiny and clean.  The servers push carts around loaded with little side dishes and giant plates of raw meat.  Everyone who works here is really nice and sweet.  The tables are set far apart enough that you're not on top of other tables.  The lighting is extra bright - a bit too bright for my taste.  I call it cafeteria lighting.  The grills are a bit small.  Even for just the two of us, I found it annoyingly small.  We both did the AYCE dinner, which was $24.95 per person.  We ordered the bulgogi, spicy pork, beef ribs, rib eye and pork belly.  The server did all the work for us.  I half-heartedly flipped the meat here and there when she wasn't around, but she cut everything up for us and let us know when it was ready to chow down.   I wish we had grilled the pork belly first, rather than last because by the time we got to the pork belly, I could not eat one more bite of anything.  All of the meats were good except the rib eye.  It was completely tasteless and a waste of stomach space.  They give you a ton of little side dishes, of which we only ate about 3 things.  I loved the kim chi, the potatoes, the cucumbers, and the salad.  Everything else remained untouched.  All of this with 2 large Sapporos and we were happy little piggies.  I was so full and happy I could've crawled under the table and fell asleep like they do in those old western movies where the drunks just fall asleep at the table all sloppy.  I wanted to be that person.
5 OMG! I came here the first time when they did not have the AYCE.  This is truly the best Korean BBQ (AYCE and A LA CARTE) in Las Vegas!  Not only are the dishes traditionally prepared, but the beef is high quality (USDA prime), and the rest of the meat is excellent in quality. The price is a little bit more than many of the other Korean BBQs in town, but truthfully, just try the AYCE and pick many of their dishes. I suggest getting the steamed egg, bean soup, extra kimchi, brisket, bulgogi, ribeye, and marinated pork and chicken for the end, so it does not ruin the flavor of the non-marinated dishes.  I highly suggest planning to spend 1.5 - 2 hours here as it takes a little longer to get your food, let alone cook it.
4 I think this will be our go to spot for AYCE Korean BBQ.  The price is pretty standard.. I always expect to pay at least $25 when doing AYCE.. It's really clean looking and has a good feel to the space.  All we ever really eat is beef brisket (Chadolbaegi) and the marinated beef ribs (Galbi..) The meat quality was good and the banchan was yummy! I really liked how the galbi was the kind that came on the big bone which later you can eat all the yummy cartilage off of. AYCE also comes with steamed egg, soy bean soup (doenjang jjigae) and spicy rice cake (ddukbokki.) Diet coke & other sodas come in cans so no free refills!  Service gets an A+ especially the young male server with the nice hair! haha They cut your meat for you and take care of everything which is how the service at Korean BBQ should be. Attentive but not suffocating!  Hot Tip: Rice tastes so so good with Korean BBQ but pass on the rice and eat your meat with the yummy salad. More meat for your buck & less carbs ;]]]
4 A fair decent-priced AYCE (what we opted for) Korean BBQ.   Usual selection of side dishes - bean sprouts, salad, broccoli, KimChi, and some other salad stuff (that I didn't know the name of)  There's quite a few tables so there's plenty of room for everyone. The meat selection is pretty good as well - We tried the Marinated Short ribs, beef brisket, pork belly, rib eye, and baby octopus.   They have a good selection of beers, sakes, and wines in the fridge, which is visible to the public. Also a cabinet of liquors when you find your way to the restrooms.   Great service, our plates were constantly refilled with our selections and water (although the pitcher cap was marinated itself...!) was brought.
5 Best Korean BBQ I have ever had!!!  Their AYCE is amazing.  I can't believe they're able to offer such high quality beef for such minimal price.  You must try their Kalbi.  Marinade is very tasty & the beef practically melts in your mouth.    I do not go any where else to have Korean BBQ any more.  It's WooNam Jung/Lee's Korean BBQ all the way!
5 I didn't intend to join, but decided to come with my friend anyways.  Glad I came because everything was very good.  I loved the unique items you could get such as octopus.  My friend was very amused by the shape of the octopus.  Very tasty and long to cook.  I didn't want to take any risks.  I had some of the rib eye and dang, they went all out and gave us the whole piece (about 8oz worth).  Very generous and I cooked it like a steak.  The soup was not what I expected.  I'm accustomed to the spicy tofu soup versus the paste type they had here. Poo.  Overall, the amount of meat given was very decent and they changed our grill plate after each plate of meat.  No burnt pieces.    I have been to several places where there weren't many condiments to chose from.  This place had so many! I tried each condiment, but wanted to avoid getting full since this is AYCE..  Atmosphere is very bright and modern looking.  Plenty of seating and spacious.  Metal type chopsticks.    First actual Korean AYCE I have been to here in Vegas.  Will have to try out some other places to get any idea, but this place is solid in my book!
4 Let's see, how do I want to review this?!  The quality of meat is definitely better than what I used to (Tofu Hut). There's also a lot more types of meat to pick from, granted it is $27 for dinner. Lunch is ~$18; I believe the prices went up since the last time I was there. There's not much for me to say about service because it really depends on who's serving you and how busy they are. I don't really have too many complaints yet. The restaurant is a pretty good size so I'm not too worried about making reservations unless you have a large party.  There's a lot of marinated meats (your typical ones like brisket and galbi) and a few non-marinated meats like pork belly and ribeye beef. They also have toppokki (spicy!) and steamed egg :0D. I'm sad that they don't have tripe :(.  It's definitely worth a try but maybe not too often due to the price. It's definitely a pretty good deal for the amount of different meats they have. It's just not a good value to me since I don't eat much and I only like certain types of meat. Voila!
3 Who gets cut off from eating all you can eat? I did! My friends and I decided to give this place a shot since my fiance and I liked it the first time we came here and all my Korean co-workers recommended the place.  We came on a Friday night around 7:30ish, seating for 6 people. No problem because we called ahead so we wouldn't have to wait. The place was pretty busy! My co-workers were excited to try this place out since they fell in love with tofu hut but Woonam Jung has way better meat quality. It took about 20 minutes before someone finally came to our table. I ordered a bunch of meat but the lady said I ordered way too much and had to wait for the next round. Round one done! Round two...I ordered about 4 different meats which finished within minutes. (Yes I was eating with a bunch of scavengers) When it came to ordering more it took them 30 more minutes to get to us. After they gave us our order they said no more. WHAT!?! Did we just really get cut off from ordering...YES! I was shocked, but it's okay because we were all full, but still.   The food is good here don't get me wrong but the service was slow, we got cut off from ordering, and the grill is too small! They should add at least 2 grills for a seating of 6 or more.
1 Disgusting disgusting disgusting! I just left this place with my grandparents about 5 minutes ago and it's by far the worst Korean food I've ever had!   -Slow service and there were only 5 other tables 5:30-7:00pm on a Saturday  - my first plate they brought out was dirty   - we order combo B, $59.99 consists of chadol, pork belly, steak, raw meat wrapped with veggies (eaten raw),  bean soup, and steamed egg + soju. We didn't want the soju so we omitted it, but they forgot the bean paste soup and steamed egg!   - also ordered al jigae (pollack roe soup) and it was super salty!!!!  - they brought out chikkae ( Korean sweet rice drink). My cup had lip stick print and they were so embarrassed!   - overall the meat quality was merely ok. My grandma and sister stopped eating after the first bite of the gumulok (steak marinated with sesame oil) it was so chewy and had a weird distinct taste they stopped eating that.  ugh this place is so gross!!!!! Enough said!!!! I saw Kenny Lee the owner and I wanted to let him know how disgusting everything was.... Dirty, poor quality of meat (btw the raw meat that was supposed to be eaten raw was NOT good!!! The rim of the meat was dis colored and it was no different that the regular brisket cut that is supposed to be eaten cooked. If it was Yoo-ke.... High quality Korean raw meat with sesame oil it would be one thing but the Pyeon Chae (raw meat carpaccio) was so gross and chewy!!!!
4 This is my new Korean BBQ place. Good quality meats. I like the side dishes too. Service can be better though. I will still go back there for good food
5 This is my new favorite Korean BBQ since my big meltdown at Sura.  The Kalbi Beef is superior in quality than Sura.  Sura uses the 3 bone rib eye beef whereas WNJung uses the one big bone with a long strip of lean delicious beef.   I've been having issues here and was hesitant on writing a review until now.  For some reason, they advertise All You Can Eat but choose to cut you off at a certain point.  Another Reviewer confirmed this bizarre situation.  I had this problem fixed by being seated with a pretty, young waitress named Jung.  She knows that I eat a lot and won't tolerate any BS such as my last fiasco with the dooshbag at Sura.   By the way, make sure you tip Jung good.  She works 12 hour days and busts her booty.  Don't boss her around either, ask nicely for refills or meats.  It's a little different than Sura.  You can't load up on your food and bring it to the table.  The waitress has to bring it to you.
2 It distresses me to have to write this review.  I've been here twice.  Both times the food was excellent. The service on the other hand was the absolute worst, both times. Is it because I'm white? Sometimes you wonder. My friend and I were seated and told we could only order 2 meat items and must finish them before reordering while other Korean patrons ordered to their hearts content. The AYCE comes with tiny side dishes...... Sample sizes, aprox 5-3inch plates. Kim chi, bean sprouts, spicy pickle plus several garlic gloves and a half onion to cook with the meats. We ate everything enjoying the food, even the Kim chi. We never got the sides refilled And gradually the waitress quit coming around. Interestingly.... There was people at only 3-4 tables, they weren't busy at all. She never even came to refill my water.  Funny.... This happened both times, mid day @ 2 pm.  The food was great, but no one deserves such poor service.  I'll never go back. Never.
5 First time I brought a vacationing relatives here. The preparation is fast paced but the meal is easy going. Typically we order Combo B (which is enough for two adults and two small children), but we went for two Combo C. The meat is always well seasoned and the marbled meat were perfect. The servers are always friendly and helpful. They always take care of our needs and made sure our food cooked accordingly. Any extra ungrilled meat, they made sure it's cooked with included sides and packaged well. This is one of my two favorite Korean Restaurant here in Las Vegas.
5 LOVE LOVE LOVE, the BEST BBQ place!!! the steam egg is so dame and the tofu soup is very good too!!!!!! The price is pretty reasonable, and they got all you can eat too!!! :) totally recommend!
5 Sorry other Korean BBQ joints in LV... this place definitely has beaten you to it when it comes to quality, cleanliness, choice of meat. It is a bit pricier than the other restaurants, (dinner is around $26) but definitely worth paying for it for the price. They have DAECHANG! (large intestines) which I never thought I would find in LV. I will still hold my Korean BBQ cravings for monthly LA visits since it's a whole new Korean food world in K-town, but if I need to fulfill my Korean BBQ cravings in LV, I will not go anywhere else, but here.
3 I've been back a few times now since they changed ownership, and I'm happy to report that it is much better, not to mention more reasonable prices (on par with other Korean restaurants in town). Their food is definitely better - they brought in someone new. Their spicy rice cakes are good, and the grilled meats are all good. The service is better than most Asian restaurants -- but it's great that it is clean. Their lunch special is OK for the grill - you don't get any Kalbi or bulgogi, but for dinner you do and it's a great deal. They don't bring the hot pot white rice like they do at DJK, but I'm willing to go to Woonam Jung since it's closer to Summerlin, and it's pretty decent now.
4 I'd like to start off by saying-- I am not really a Korean BBQ fan, but with what we have in Las Vegas, this would be one of the better ones in town. We did not leave smelling like we bathed ourselves in smoke room and the food was quite tasty!  We were having one of those family lunches where the boyfriend was being introduced to our cousin's parents... It was a wee bit awkward but with so much going on the grill, the newbies to KBBQ, cousin's boyfriend did ok lol. I'd consider this place to "introduce" a person or some sort of news here.  This place has got to be the cleanest KBBQ I've been to. From the table side cooking, the restrooms and how quickly the servers cleared the tables of used tableware. Unfortunately the gals serving us the day we came in, they were pretty bad at refilling our drinks.  The meats were flavorful but mild enough so to not have to burp up the flavors later on in the day, hooray! I would've liked more veggies, yea, I don't eat as much meat as my companions and I came to the wrong place if that's what I was looking for, but damn, veggies are cheaper than meat, they could spare another onion and 2 more mushrooms, can't they?! One other thing was that they used "fancy" square tableware and there was more plate/bowl than there was food on it which leaves less table to put things like your drinks let alone your cellphone. They should really skip the fine dining attempt, food is being cooked at the table, fine dining-- not here.
4 One of the best Korean BBQ that is eat all you can in the Valley! My Family went to this restaurant by mistake for lunch since we were planning to go Fogo De Chao for mothers Day. On lunch time since we were already hungry we saw Woonam Jung next to the korean grocery on spring mountain, so we decided to try the place the price for their eat all you can is pretty decent. As far as the meats were concerned they were great the place is getting busier so they will be missing on some of the service, there were only 2 servers out of X tables. Their Tofu with Kim chi was great. The whole dining experiance was great since the eat all you can had a mix of both vegetables and Meats. My family left Woonam Jung  so full that we decided to reschedule the Fogo De Chao for another occasion.
3 I must say that every time I crave Korean BBQ, I go to Woonam Jung but I'm not always completely satisfied, because of the food but mainly because of the service.   I believe they brought out 5 different kinds of side dishes but I didn't really enjoy any of them besides the cabbage salad. Most of the time, I don't even touch them and only enjoy the bean sprouts with my meat.  As far as the quality of meat goes, the brisket is always pretty much consistent across the board with most restaurants so no complaints there. The pork belly is very thick and my boyfriend seemed to enjoy it. The steak is also thick and juicy. However, I ordered the bulgogi and it had a funky smell to it and was very dry and sweet. I don't think that I'll be ordering that if there is a next time.   The biggest downfall for me is the service. Most of the time, I get done with all of the meat on the platter and often find myself sitting there for up to 15 minutes, waiting for a waitress to come by so I can get her attention to order more food. Also, I don't know if it's because I am Korean and always come here to eat with my Caucasian boyfriend but they often "forget" to give us certain items such as the sauce for the brisket unless asked. This is a pattern I have noticed (and have been told to do when I worked at a Korean BBQ restaurant) with other Korean BBQ restaurants.   For the price, I think that the lunch prices are reasonable but the dinner price is a little too expensive for me to eat BBQ on a regular basis. Cumulatively, for the food and the price, Woonam Jung will do for now but hopefully I can find a better Korean BBQ restaurant soon.
3 I went here expecting to get AYCE but there was nothing like that on the two menus that the waitress brought me.  I tried to explain but she kept pointing at menu items.  I ended up ordering combo platter A for myself $39.99. I know seems expensive and alot of food for one person, but I figured that all I could need eat I would take home.  The food was ok, I love the sides and ate all of them before I left. My only concern is that I was not offered all you can eat.  Can someone please tell me if this place really does have it and if it is on the menu?  Please respond so it might help people in the future.  I do feel a little ripped off if they do offer it, but did not offer it to me. Thanks, Josh
5 Best Korean food in Vegas:)
5 As good as it gets in Las Vegas.  Sura and Honey Pig are moved to the back burners.  Everything is better in Woonam Jung, service, quality of the food, atmosphere, etc.  It may be slightly pricier but totally worth it.    Took the boyfriend's white parents to try Korean BBQ for the first time, and his 80 year old dad couldn't stop stuffing his face.  Favorites:  All meats, the rice cake a la Carter dish was especially good!!!
1 We came here before with friends and it was amazing... but this place blows if you're not Korean. They stereotype their customers. A white chick and a black guy obviously can't get service here. I guess if you aren't Korean or Asian, bring a friend who is. Good luck!
5 The overall experience was fantastic..I will forever come back to this place for kbbq
2 Simply Put: OK food BAD Service   This WAS my go to spot since it opened however the service had increasingly gotten really bad and tonight was the WORST! Greeted with a bad attitude we asked for a table of 6 at about 6pm on a Saturday the restaurant was empty. I guess that should've been my red flag but apparently they had a reservation for 30.  The young lady that serviced is seemed annoyed to wait on is as IF it wasn't her job.
4 I love Korean BBQ so I was super excited to find K-Q in Vegas (after Korea and LA, I wasn't sure I'd ever find one that I really loved).   We had Topokki (which is one of my favorites) and Combo A (enough meat to for 2 people--we were definitely stuffed by the time we left).    The food was excellent.  The service was alright, I prefer to cook my own food at these places and several servers would come by and mess with the grill (that was mildly annoying) so I docked a star for service.    I'm sure we'll be back though, with company in tow (less cooking at my house!  haha) even.
1 We definitely have had better, both food and service.  We have been to Vegas a couple times and the last two places, Sura and Woo Che were more than we expected. We miss Woo Che dearly, especially their late night special!  Going back to Woonam. The food was ok. But the bad service ruined the whole evening. The waitress seemed like she's annoyed whenever she came by our table. Boyfriend tried to turn up the heat and she would come by to turn it down. The bachan selection was mediocre. Kimchi tasted like it was marinated that morning.   Given our experience, I doubt if we would ever be back.
3 Open until 6 am, this is a good choice if you have a K-BBQ craving while in Las Vegas.  Having tried plenty of K-BBQ in LA, I was skeptical about trying it.    Overall I was pleasantly surprised by the food quality.  We ordered beef tongue, pork belly, and short ribs.  The side dishes were good and I enjoyed the salad.  Now for the service.  For our first order, we asked for a little of each of our selection, so we could see which one we preferred.  The waitress nodded knowingly, and even said, "yes, a little."  A few minutes later she came out with a huge plate of meat.  Perhaps we are the atypical customer who doesn't want to stuff themselves right off the bat.  This happened several more times.  The waitresses are polite, which made them more endearing and amusing rather than irritating.  Overall a solid choice to satisfy a K-BBQ craving.
3 Food was authentic and very well done. The service was another story!  Walked in and they had multiple tables not cleaned from prior diners, and wanted to seat us in a separate room from everyone else. When I asked to sit in the room everyone was, they initially said no because the table sat 6 and we are only 2 (but the restaurant has plenty of other tables) it was 2pm and past rush hour. After we ordered, no one came and checked on us either. We looked back, and the 2 servers were eating and talking, in another room, we had to get up and ask for water, our check, anything we needed.
1 People acted like this place was sOOOO good...in the end..i ended up leaving with an unhappy stomach and a unhappy me..  the place was dead empty with not even one table. we walked in and NO ONE was there to greet us...we stood there for (not joking) around 6 mins....we were about to leave when finally someone that was OFF CLOCK came out to get her belongings.. she saw us standing there and did even get a hello.. she yelled out  calling a different person..  So like 12 mins later we finally got sat...didnt get our waters until 6 mins later..like seriously?...what is up with this place and their customer service?  we finally got to order our food and surprisingly it came out fast. We got the AYCE. The price was over priced but we waited too long to just leave. The meet was medium quality. The side dishes were either SALTY or NO TASTE... i felt like the chef lost his/her taste buds and just started to throw stuff together...  DONT EVEN ASK the server for anything bc it will take forever for them to get it or ...they forget about it...  When i see this place it just give me the creeps..  they should be awarded with WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!
5 Loved it when I came. Best quality meat I've had for AYCE Korean BBQ in Vegas. Marbling on all the meat was awesome and it was just so juicy. Not much else to say.
4 Absolutely solid Korean food.  My go-to here is the deaji soondubu (spicy pork tofu soup). Of course all meals come with banchan. Everytime I have been here it has always been fairly crowded, mostly with Koreans.  Service can be a bit slow at times but the food is well worth the wait and I look forward to trying other menu items :)
1 I'm going to begin by saying this, Woonam Jung is not very good. I can think of at least 5 places better than Woonam Jung.   Why do people give this place 4 or 5 stars? I'm only assuming they haven't traveled much and so their taste buds don't know any better.   The service that I experienced recently was horrific. We waited 1 hour to be sat with only 1 party ahead of us. We saw 8 groups of people leave during that hour that we waited. I looked inside and noticed no one clearing off and cleaning the tables to turn them as soon as possible for new diners.  Once we finally got sat. Our server asked us " How long did you guys wait?"  I responded "One hour." He responds "Its good that you waited because the service will be better now. We were so busy that people didn't get the right service from us." I responded "cool"  15 minutes into our meal... I ordered more kalbi from that same server. We waited 15 minutes until another server noticed that our cooking pan was completely black and smelled like burnt meat / vegetables. I'm livid at this point and have no patience with any of their staff.   I hate people that don't live up to their words and end up giving you a half assed apology and think thats okay. It's not okay, give a sincere apology and don't EVER promise good service if you aren't capable of delivering.   Meat - 3/5 stars Soups - 1 / 5 stars Service @ half full restaurant - 1/5 stars  I recommend you to stay away from this place and go to DJK for Korean BBQ.
4 Very clean, fantastic service by the servers. If they dont take care of you, look around, the restaurant may be pretty busy. Meats are fresh. I will go back very soon!!
3 While I was getting my car cleaned I wanted to grab lunch.  The food court was closed so I walked over to the restaurant to get my korean food fix.  The inside of the restaurant was very clean and nice, the ventilation was good, and it seemed busy enough.  I ordered the chicken lunch special.  The service was pretty great, but I think they just really wanted me in and out.  They filled up my cup once for water and that was basically it.    When the banchan came out, it was in a neat group.  They all tasted great but there were not enough.  When the chicken dish came out, I did not expect such a small portion.  The chicken itself was cooked pretty well, but overall it was a bit more disappointing then i expected.  It was a bit more expensive for the food you order.  Overall, it was ok.  I dont know if i would go back.
1 We walked in looking forward since all the reviews praised the food but complained about the service. I thought, "No big deal, I don't mind waiting a little or asking for a cup of water a couple times." But this was not the case I walk in the restaurants about 3/5th full and plenty for my dad and I to sit and eat. I ask if we could be seated and low and behold she tells us to wait 30 minutes. Wait what?! You're asking me to wait 30 minutes when there are tables open and they clearly are not reserved? The other reviews are quite true being that the staff are very discriminating.
1 My 4th time there ,, Food was alright!! Service  was just terrible .. I'm not surprise if they have 1 or 2 stars!!  Only 2 tables  .. Three servers just sat down and talking .. Nobody pay attention!! That's all I can say!!
5 This is the go to Korean BBQ in Vegas.  I'm not just saying that since my big blowout at Sura either.  The marinated short ribs is better than Sura because WN Jung is using a leaner beef, rather than Sura's fatty beef.  They are open until 6 am now which is good for the late night diners.  The service has been being torn apart on the Yelp reviews.  All I have to say is Be nice to them, and they will be nice to you.
1 The biggest mistake I made was giving this place another chance.. Food is ok.. Not good or bad.. It has no flavor but like I did last time I asked for some salt and fixed it.. But worst part about this experience that made me really digested is that.. THEIR FLOOR WAS EXTREMELY DIRTY AND STICKY.. We walked in the restaurant thinking that it was a little sticky. We got a table all the way at the end by the TV.. My flip flops got STUCK on the floor.. I pulled it off and well guess what... Part if their plastic flooring came off with my flip flops.. And it kept coming off every time I set my foot down.. So I ended up putting my feet up to the chairs.. And somehow I needed to take off the plastic flooring off my flip flops so I picked it off with my hands.. And the stickiness got all over my nails and now I ruined a perfectly good manicure.. THIS PLACE GIVES ME THE CREEPS!! I will not go back ANYMORE not unless someone puts a gun to my head... ridiculous.. Dirty floor = dirty restaurant.. Health inspector is needed in this place ...
1 The biggest mistake I made was giving this place another chance.. Food is ok.. Not good or bad.. It has no flavor but like I did last time I asked for some salt and fixed it.. But worst part about this experience that made me really disgusted is that.. THEIR FLOOR WAS EXTREMELY DIRTY AND STICKY.. We walked in the restaurant thinking that it was a little sticky. We got a table all the way at the end by the TV.. My flip flops got STUCK on the floor.. I pulled it off and well guess what... Part of their plastic flooring came off with my flip flops.. And it kept coming off every time I set my feet down.. So I ended up putting my feet up to the chairs.. And somehow I needed to take off the plastic flooring off my flip flops so I picked it off with my hands.. And the stickiness got all over my nails and now I ruined a perfectly good manicure.. THIS PLACE GIVES ME THE CREEPS!! I will not go back ANYMORE not unless someone puts a gun to my head... ridiculous.. Dirty floor = dirty restaurant.. Health inspector is needed in this place ...
1 Service is poor. It was basically self service I had to grill and cut the meet begin to end. Server didn't even come to my table and ask anything.
4 I personally think this is the best Korean restarunt in town right now.  The place is clean, resonably priced, good quality, and most importantly, the food tastes authentic. One thing I wish they would do is give a wide variety of side dishes (maybe 10-12?) instead of the 5-6 side dishes you get now (usually kimchi, beans, potato salad, and some vegetables).  I recommend a lot of dishes from this place but the last dish I had and loved was the seafood pancake aka haemul pajun. It is a must try!
2 Other than being an all you can eat place, this place is gross.  Don't eat here.  Go to E-Jo or Mother's instead.  The food is bland, the overall grade of the meat is below par, and the intentional cross contamination of food is unsanitary.
4 Coming from LA, I'm used to having really good Korea BBQ. Even given that background, I was surprised to find a relatively high quality Korean BBQ place in Las Vegas. I wasn't satisfied with how restrictive the Lunch all-you-can-eat menu was (no galbi???), so I decided to order what I wanted. The food was pretty good, especially the seafood pancake. I also really enjoyed the ribeye, although I always enjoy a good ribeye. The service was passable, although not outstanding. All-in-all, I enjoyed it. But it still can't beat the best places in LA.
3 I came in here late night, because it was a restaurant nearby me at the time that's open super late. I didn't eat AYCE because that price was way too steep for dinner, instead I got soup and that might have been a mistake though it was cheaper! It was bland and not flavorful, but at least it was healthy!   The staff was kind and responsive, but there weren't very many people and I used the call button on the edge of the table, and they were much more helpful that way! I'll come back and try the AYCE next time!
4 **Summary**        - Service Buttons - I love places with the service buttons. This one has 3 (Bill, Water, Service), so you don't have to try to flag someone down when you need help. They come to you.        - Decor - Granite table tops, glass dividers, new and fancy grills. This is a way better date place.        - Price - They are a lot pricier than other places for Dinner ($17.99 Tofu Hut) and their Lunch cuts out a lot of the good meats. With that said, it does seem the quality of meat is higher here.        - Quality - The quality of meat is a lot higher than many of the other places. With the exception of how the beef brisket was marbled, the marbling on the other meats were really great.        - Grill - They use the circular grill like at Honey Pig. I think I prefer it over the rectangular ones since it lets the fatty meats you put on there first coat the grill. easier.        - Presentation of Meat - I like how they place all the meats on one plate for you instead of giving you multiple plates. It saves on the space and looks really nice (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/woonam-jung-las-vegas?select=mOHA27w4OjYu9GKKR_UejQ#mOHA27w4OjYu9GKKR_UejQ).        - Service - We came for lunch, but got the dinner AYCE. They put the meat on the grill for you when they bring the plate of meat and change the grill out for us without us asking when the marinated meats charred the grill.        - Tofu Hut Comparison - Tofu Hut is a lot cheaper, but it also looks worse and the marbling on the meat fluctuates between very good and terrible even on the same visit. I'd say it's a toss up between that place and this depending on how much you want to spend. **Price**        - $17.99 Lunch        - $27.99 Dinner **Ordered**        - Marinated Beef Short Ribs - They sere the beef with the bone still on the end.         - Rib Eye Beef - It came out as just as slab of unmarinated steak. Cooking it on the grill, it gets tough/dry quick and didn't have flavor. Maybe I'm not adding some sauce to it I should of.        - Beef Brisket - Not really marbled well, just had a lot of parts with fat. The parts without fat were a little dry.        - Beef Tongue - This was marbled perfectly. We got 3 helpings of this.        - Beef Belly - This tasted like a better marbled version of the beef brisket. I usually love beef brisket, but I think I"ll get         - Pork Belly - I think I prefer the marinated version at Tofu Hut. The unmarinated one didn't have as much flavor.        - Side Dishes - I guess I'm used to Tofu Hut. They didn't have the same salad. Also, my favorite dishes, seaweed and fish cake weren't there (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/woonam-jung-las-vegas?select=7Z_ZaeOeTwp9ZE52sjhTlw#7Z_ZaeOeTwp9ZE52sjhTlw). **Recommendations**        - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a quality AYCE Korean BBQ place.
2 The food was alright, but I really did NOT like their service. Absolutely rude, and they blamed us for changing the heat of the fire, even when we never touched it. We had to ask for simple things at least twice (water, orders, etc). We had to wait 30 minutes just to get a chance to ask them for a check. They never checked up on us after we had our food. And it took another 20 minutes for the bill to come back to us. Like, do you want us to pay or not? Honestly, the food didn't taste that bad, but the service really brought it down.
2 It puts a bad taste in my mouth when the servers are more concerned about the other guest just because they are the same ethnicity..my first couple experiences of this place were great now I don't know if ill come back
5 Came in on a whim. We found this place by accident & decided to stop and try it out. I am really glad we did. We were served by Jean, who is the sweetest person on the planet, I think. Service was exceptionally wonderful, attentive and quick. Food was extraordinary. We rarely eat at the same place twice but we will be back here again. Thy even treated my rambunctious toddler well.
4 My fiance and I came here twice after shopping at neighboring Greenland.  Both times we had AYCE lunch bbq.    Good - really decent meat, comparable to the ones in LA ktown.  Bad - service was really lacking.  Second time we came here, there were only two other occupied tables but the service was still really slow.  Weird - first time we came here, we saw Mr. Lee (the discount liquor stores chain owner) sitting in his SUV parked just outside counting something.  Second time, we saw Kenny Lee (Mr. Lee's son) dropping by and chatting with the owner for two minutes before leaving.  Do they own this place or just collecting protection $?  JK haha
4 probably the best All You Can Eat BBQ in Vegas.  The meat quality is really decent.  This place is not as good as GEN BBQ in ORange County, but for Vegas, I would say this is the best one.  added on Jan 25th 2014: We have been back to this place a few times just because we love it. And last week, we took our friends here. We were so excited about the food. The food, again, was good. We have nothing to complain about it. However, since there were 6 of us, we ordered a lot. We didn't waste a single piece of food, it was just that we ate a lot.   And thankfully one of my friends were Korean, so she understood the gestures from Korean. Apparently, the manager, or might be the owner, told the servers to cut down our meat during our last couple orders, and also she stopped the server from changing our grill, just so that we had to stop eating. My friend actually had to yell at her in Korean that the burnt smell really bad, then she replaced our grill.  I didn't like that at all. We understood that we ate a lot, but this is All You Can Eat. I would come back to this place again, but I will take off one star on their review, just because of the last visit.
5 Perfect location - Korea town - for the best Korean BBQ...  I'm not sure it just happened that everything was just perfect there my first night there ... The food/drinks tasted amazing, the service was on point, and the atmosphere was beautiful.    We had a large private birthday party and they took really good care of us.  It probably helped the night even more - having more than half of the party being Korean :P   I've tried many Korean BBQ spots in town and hands down this is my favorite :).  I didn't feel cramped up in a small area or even overwhelmed by their BBQ smoke from all the meat sizzling.    The place was very clean (like most Korean restaurants).  The food would always come out organized and fresh.  All their soju and beer were always served nicely cold/hot.  Even their bathrooms were clean - that's a plus in my books :P
3 Went for lunch. It was $18. There were a bunch of meats that you didn't get, kalbi was dinner only. So that sort of sucked. We ordered brisket, spicy pork, BBQ beef, and spicy chicken as our meats. All the meats we're well seasoned and tasted really good. The brisket comes unseasoned, which is the norm. We are a ton if the bbq beef. It was quite tasty. Also got an order of the steamed egg, which is quite nice and unexpected at a yakiniku place. It came out piping hot, but a tad under seasoned. The side dishes were ok. The kimchi was super sour and too old. Very disappointed. Overall I think Sura is a better value. Maybe if I had dinner with the entire suite of meats available is change my mind. I hear the kalbi is outstanding. But for lunch, it's just average.
1 This place is a disaster. AVOID it at all costs for the following reasons:   1) They lied about the price. We called and asked for the price multiple times and were told $17 per person "all day." When we arrived ... the price had magically jumped to $28 PER PERSON.  2) The servers are racist. They will not give you good service UNLESS YOU ARE KOREAN. This applies to other Asians as well that they look down upon (Chinese, Vietnamese, Filipino, etc.) and if you're African American or Hispanic? Forget about it. They will pretend not to see you when you try to call them multiple times and walk right past you. This leads into #3 ...  3) The servers will do their best to deny you meat refills. They will take as long as possible to bring your order to save money. Slow service means they lose less meat and less money so they'll snail it as much as possible. Expect 30-45 minute waits per plate.  Finally, and most importantly ...  4). The waitress poured STEAMING HOT WATER ON MY MOTHER'S HAND. A flippant "sorry" and they were gone.  If the above sounds like an enjoyable time and a great way to spend your hard earned money then by all means, come to Woonam Jung, where you will be ignored, ripped off, and doused with boiling water.
4 This place is great. The portions are sized perfect for the BBQ. 2 people can order 2 dishes and they come with rice and sides. The price is not to expensive. I will defiantly be returning.
1 WORST service ever! I paid for all-you-can-eat BBQ but left the place with a half empty stomach. The waitress there seemed to be annoyed every time I asked for more food (they served incredibly slow). I think their business strategy is to control the amount of food customers can get to a minimum level and charge an all-you-can-eat price! It's all about margin guys. On top of that my nephew is 7 years old but they charged a full adult price. Unbelievable!
4 Perhaps one of the cleanest Korean BBQ's I've been to. The staff was extremely attentive, even though the place steadily got busier as I ate. Of course, you do have to ask them about the AYCE option, but I'm learning that this is a pretty normal tactic employed by restaurants so that they won't always get picked clean. The meat was extremely fresh, and the marinades were spot on. My only complaint is that they keep (yes, I am writing while eating) putting the plates across the table rather than within reach.
2 The meat was ok but there is not a big selection for the price.  $20 for lunch and $30 for dinner with about 8 items for lunch and 13 for dinner. My friends and me ended up getting sick the next day so, I will not go back to this place again.
3 Very good food but i had a very rude waitress. Wish I new her name so I could put it on this review. No tip from me
4 great restaurant, i went here few weeks ago, and tried to eat all you can eat. food was great and yangnum galbi was great too. Great restaurant.
