4 Tucked away in the Santa Fe Station food court, Capriotti's seemed like the best choice of all the food options there. I usually go back and forth between the Bobbie and the Capistrami, and this time, I wanted a hot sandwich so I got a Capistrami before going to the movies. The combination and contrast of the hot pastrami combined with the cold slaw and russian dressing makes this an addicting sandwich that you take one bite after another until there is no more!  I ended up sneaking the other half of my sandwich in because we weren't keeping track of time and didn't wanna end up with junk seats, That was a great sandwich, and I prefer that any day over a bucket of outrageously priced popcorn with that fake butter...ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(150/365) "The Smuggled Sandwich"
3 I love Cap's; when I ate meat my favorite sub was the Slaw and Roast Beef, and the Bobbie is great of course :) But not only do they offer great meat subs, they have Vegetarian ones too!  They use a soy based sub for their veggie subs, and it tastes really good. I got the veggie version of the roast beef and slaw sub, and my dad got the Bobby. I was disappointed to see that they skimped on the soy turkey, so it was essentially all slaw. The Bobby was perfect though, so it just seems like they skimp out on the veggie subs at this location.  They also have a soda fountain that is accessable by patrons, so that's nice- you don't have to ask them for a refill, just get your own.
5 Capriotti's is excellent in general.  This location (in the Santa Fe Station Casino) is even better than most.  That's surprising considering that the casino smoke wafts right into their eating area.  But, the food is excellent, there's more seating in a less cramped environment, and we can buy refillable glasses of soda pop (our stand-alone Capriotti's only has bottles).
5 The Bobbie sandwich is worth the hype. If you like Thanksgiving (which you should cause you're a patriot reading this) then you'll dig this sandwich. They made the sandwich in, no bs, 1 minute or less. I had just gotten my drink filed and it was ready. The manager was working the register and he was very courteous and professional. If you have a chance to get one of these wiches, GET IT!!
1 Wow, worst food at a sandwich place. I ordred a plain Roast beef with mayo  and got old beef sawdust on a stale bun.  I  like Cap pretty much. This location is the dregs. They should be ashamed to be open. I usually do not write to a company to complain but I made a exception in this case. I hope they listen. Avoid this location at all costs. I think it may be one bad apple, but it can rot the bunch. Never rated the other locations I have been to, just took for granted that they had good food.
