4 A quirky modern-Victoriana curiosity, with pretty handmade things displayed in unique surroundings, it's hard to tell if I liked looking at the artwork of the stylish and creatively arranged cabinets, or whether the pieces themselves were part of my wishlist...  Like a Tom Waits song sprung to life, with a little Victoriana mixed in....it's beautiful and quirky and intelligent and, unfortunately, on the expensive side.  But it *is* wearable and useable art, which very much appeals.  There are handmade jewelry pieces, functional art for the home and kitchen, and small sculptures for your desk or home deco.  The woman who runs Black Box is very helpful and will give you information about any of the pieces or artists.  Having only just opened when I was in, she was also in the process of updating the website, so it might be worthwhile checking in on it once in a while if you can't make it into one of the most wonderful wee shops I've been into in Edinburgh.
4 Call me Miss Magpie, for anything shiny and in a particular fashion that I could wear it draped around my neck, around my wrist or about my general person in the most prettiful of ways will immediately draw me in.  It was so, as I left Hula one morning that I spied this new store -Black Box - across the street. I love this area of the Grassmarket, Bow Street in particular, with all it's unexpected boutique stores of the arty variety, independent cafés, bars, food shops and restaurants. And so when I saw a new jewellery store with a name I hadn't heard of, a large glass window displaying a minimalist, white-and-wood interior with dainty little pieces scattered across old tree branches, I didn't hesitate to have a nosey.  The jewellery itself is beautiful. There are different collections from local, up-and-coming designers. Some are quite simple and elegant, others are more in vogue and perhaps suited to particular tastes (geometric shapes). I can't guarantee that you'll find something you want everytime you come in but I get the feeling the display and what's for sale will change every-so-often, and the style of jewellery is not predictable. So if you need to buy a special piece, this would certainly be a good place to look.  There are silver and gold jewellery, as well as some kitschy plastic. Prices weren't cheap but by no means ghastly expensive. I saw a ring I loved for £50 (but buying a ring of a heart silhouette for yourself is perhaps a little desperate?) So it remained unbought. Other pieces could be around £150.  I like Black Box, a lot. It's the sort of shop I'll pop into every few weeks when I'm passing just for a look and if a particularly arty friend, who appreicates the unique one-off in-vogue pieces, has a celebration coming up, this is one of the first places I'd look for a potential gift.
4 While I am too old for Claire's (unless I'm taking my niece in), I still feel as though I'm not quite ready to be in ultra posh jewelry stores where there are guards standing outside and diamonds dripping everywhere.  That's why I really love Black Box.  Sure there are some pieces that are out of my price range, but there are also items that would fall in my price range, the upper end of my price range.  However, the items are stunning and quite different from the cookie-cutter stuff you see on the high street.  I happened to really love the display of some dainty looking rings and necklaces, hearts and stars... even though I didn't buy one today... there is still tomorrow!
5 So many beautiful things!  Not just jewellery, but gorgeous notebooks too. I've admitted in previous reviews, I have something of a stationary fetish. Not only dot they have a hand-made-looking leather-bound blank notebook with 'Notes For My First Novel' printed on the front (swoon), they now have a gorgeous selection of floral-print notebooks.  And some adorable cards.  And prints for the wall (What Would Don Draper Do?)  And they still have the rather pricey, but gorgeous, jewellery.  I'll probably be in here weekly to stare as politely as possible and eventually persuade myself that all my thoughts, notes, lists and genuine ideas for a first novel will be far more valuable when written inside one of their £20 notebooks.
