1 To the owner, I know your reviews have not been very good, so here is what I am suggesting give me a free lap dances( as long as it is not Suzy Q) and I will write you a great review. And I agree since I have only spent a half hour in your establishment.
4 Cool place. Door guy was personable had a bunch of fun all types of girls, one girl while giving me a lap dance slipped and her bony crotch injured  my ball bag , she also smelled like she had a dirty diaper up her crotch , other than that great  place
1 Door man with dreads was a b word. I (a female) went in with two other females and we were called broke b words by him for complaining about having to pay double cover charge per person. It was my second time going to this place. The first time was great. This second and LAST time I was treated like scum of the earth. Tone it down bro, you're just a DOOR MAN. Go to jaguars :)
2 Ghetto...
3 Ok so I'm from LA and moved to AZ, big adjustment right. I was looking for a place to hear some good music, have some drinks, chill and see some good dancers. I kept hearing about Pink Rhino! I checked it out and to me it wasn't that bad. I wouldn't call it ghetto just a spot with an urban flare. Dancers were cool but the drinks were good! Music was awesome and when I went rapper Rocko was in the building!  I would go back but its not like KOD in Miami but will do for an AZ spot!
5 Very cool. Almost as good as Atl clubs.
5 Went to 2 strip clubs last night the 1st was across the street from Arizona mills, it was garbage, women were tweekers music was old as hell. Felt like I was tony Montana the 80s. 2nd club  was this place and they didn't not disappoint. Women were all shades and shapes from thick and slim and a variety of bad chicks. I'm big on music and dj was on fire all the latest music. Mostly hip hop which I love cause let face it who wants to watch strippers dance to Taylor swift or sum bs. Drinks where kinda pricey, I would def pregame b4 going. But tha girls where on point. Shoutout to blue. She had me on cock diesel all night. Will definitely be back when the homies wanna step out again. Comparable to Starz (la) kod(mia) onyx (atl) Dg's(d town) da rhino is where its at
3 So we walk in and they have a rap battle on the stripper stage. The people paying more attention to the rapper than then actual strippers, that gives us opportunity with the girls and I love it ;)
3 Its in a nice shady part of town that's the way I like it, cute mexican and black girls , nice layout u will see a couple of cuties just look hard enough
3 So I am a fan of good "cabarets". I think sometimes people don't realize they are actually fun with the right people and can be entertaining if the girls are talented. Pole work is REALLY hard, so talent should not be discounted.  Anywho, visited the place and it as sheer chaos, because they had a celebrity there and so it was ridiculously PACKED. We arrived and made our way to the back.. and the majority of people were having a good time. What was interesting was that the tables were all jumbled and moved around without rhyme or reason making it hard to get to and from the stage. Music was so-so. Sometimes it was great and sometimes the "hype guys" asked the music to be stepped up. The venue is a little dated and in need of a makeover BUT if you make it over, you will probably pay for that, so it is a trade off.  The girls were of variety (ethnicity, size, skill). The ones that took the stage were pretty amazing. Some of the girls worked in teams and they were pretty good with their pole work. Is it the best I've seen, no, but it was good for the location. I would go back with managed expectations. Had a great time with the group I was with.  Beware of extra drunk folks.. it stays open till 4am.. and folks sometimes get besides themselves.
