5 GREAT food.  The lasagna was the best I have ever had.  Portions are large and the price is right!  Too bad it's only carry out.
3 Pizza was good.  Service was fast.  Calamari was just a fried piece of leather.  BUT the tiramisu was AMAZING.
2 We ordered Maestro's party pack #1 for $19.95.   It comes with 2 large pizzas with 2 toppings & 2 liter soda.  I ordered 1 pepperoni/pineapple and 1 canadian bacon/pineapple.  We were told that it will take 45 minutes for delivery.  Our pizzas arrived after 1 hour and 15 minutes later.  They messed one of the pizzas.  They used regular bacon instead of canadian bacon.  The pizza was good.  I gave them 2 stars because of bad service due to late delivery and wrong ingredient.
4 Yummmm!! Just ordered from this place and i have to say the pizza was so good! There also open 24 hours which is very convenient. The prices are also very good. We got a large pizza w/ 1 topping, 12 Wings, French Fries & 2 cans of soda all for $18. Can't beat that!
4 Good pizza made by nice folks, lasagna was delicious
3 A-OK. On time, good pizza & delivery to Hotel Door.  After some really spotty hotel pizzas and delivery we tried the very busy Maestro's pizza delivery after a show walking back on the strip. As promised it was ON TIME 45 minutes later and unexpectedly, and gratefully, delivered to our DOOR, saving us somewhere between a 10-15 minute elevator-walk in The Hotel/Mandalay Bay complex.   We felt smokey spicey and went with a veggie pizza WITH pineapple, mushrooms and canadian bacon CRISPY and they NAILED IT. Ate on it for days. Yummy.
1 We ordered from this place because we were in the mood for some Italian and heard good things about them. We weren't sure if we were out of their range so we called to ask. The guy on the phone was rude right off the bat. I've been in the food business and knew that during lunch time things can get hectic but starting off with a negative attitude is never a good start on the phone. We asked if we were in their range and he said yes. We ordered the food and he neglected to tell us how long it would take. After about 30 minutes I called to ask how long and he rudely says he told me 45 minutes. I don't recall it but still no reason to be rude. After an hour and 20 mins passes I called again and he tells me 'look, we are very busy. You will get your food soon just wait ok? We are a very famous place you are lucky we are delivering to you!'  WOW!!! I'm so sorry my lordship I didn't know your special PIZZERIA was some world renowned establishment!!  Needless to say we cancelled our order and will never recommend this place!   DO           NOT              EAT           AT       MAESTROS             PIZZERIA!!!!!
4 I love Maestro's Pizza, I told my friends about this place and they all like to get their pizza from here if they are in the area. The Spicy Mexican Pizza is my favorite, its got a perfect amount of spice to it and its crazy flavorful!! Every pizza Ive had has been good and Ive had like 5 different ones.
1 I called to order a pizza for delivery on a weekday afternoon and I was SHOCKED how RUDE the person who picked up the phone was. They expected me to know their menu and couldn't answer my questions.  I was put ON HOLD multiple times and it took over 1 and a half hour to get two pizzas.  Needless to say the quality of the pizza was Very Disappointing. The dough was half cooked and ALL the TOPPINGS FELL  OFF once I reached for my first slice.  I have never had this Terrible a Pizza.  Even the chain restaurants make a decent pizza.  I will never order from here again. Very Disappointed.
5 I wanted pizza on July 4th in Vegas.  Most other mom and pop pizza shops weren't open.  I was a little hesitant to call Maestro's at first based on Yelp reviews of this place having rude customer service, but I decided to give them a try anyway.  First of all, the person who answered the phone was very nice and polite.  I ordered a spinach pizza with chicken, which was amazing.  I also got the sampler for two, since I love mozzarella sticks.  They were solid, but the french fries weren't that good.  I was told my food would arrive in 45 minutes and it came within 20, which is a big plus.  The pizza quality is REALLY REALLY GREAT.  I cannot stress this enough.  The cheese is fresh, the chicken is premium.  I will definitely be ordering more of their menu.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone that wants good, fresh pizza in Vegas.
5 My boyfriend and I dined in and thoroughly enjoyed it. Food was good and our hostess/waitress was great!!! Good food, great service, great price.
4 It's kind of hard to mess up pizza, but everyone knows some is better than others. Maestro's delivers one of the better slices of pizzas around and is defiantly the most bang for your buck, the pizzas are dirt cheap. I always encounter friendly service when I visit and have never waited too long on an order. This is defiantly a place I would recommend it you have a craving for pizza, and they are open late too.
1 This is probably one of the WORST pizza places around Vegas and there's a lot.  I'm from Jersey, so I KNOW a little something about good pizza! I've ordered from Maestro's many times before and have always gave them the benefit of the doubt, but how could a pizza place really mess up a plain cheese pizza?! I ordered for delivery multiple times and the pizza ALWAYS comes cold, tissue-thin uncooked dough, and the taste is soooo bland! EVERY TIME!! They really like to get more of YOUR bang for your buck by watering down condiments which they charge an arm and a leg for and thinning out the dough so much, all you get is overly-processed cold toppings. I really have had it with this place. They just get more and more worse. NO MORE. BEWARE. Digiorno offers better pizza than this place! Geesh!
4 It was a pleasure to stop by and order a spinach pizza and fried calamari to carry out. Service was friendly and efficient. Advisement was that order would take about 15 minutes so I opted to stop next door at Food 4 Less to grab a six pack of Peroni to accompany the fare. Upon returning, counterman updated progress by saying about another six minutes and my order would be ready. He was right on schedule and brought the parcel to me rather than yelling for me to come pick it up! Upon opening at home, the calamari rings were battered nicely and ensconced in aluminum foil to keep them warm. Two dipping sauces as well as two large lemon squeezes were included! Nice touch. The pizza was outstanding: generous portions of ingredients properly presented and again well packaged. I heartily recommend Maestro's.
3 Customer service could use some help, however the food is good and I went in when they were training a new staff member, she was great!
5 I order from here atleast twice a week while at work and love them. Their lunch specials are great and delivery is fast.
1 Ordered pizza for delivery.  Good observances:  Pizza arrived within specified time limit and the delivery person was very friendly and polite.  Large pizza was huge.  Not-so-good observances:  pizza must have been tilted at at some point between pizzeria and our place.  Half the cheese and topping had slid to one end if the box and was stuck to the box. Sausage was not very good.    Cheese was ok.  Crust was ok.  Very thin crust that you really need to fold and eat that way.  I really did not enjoy this pizza.  Would not order again.
4 I am going to start by saying I don't like pizza. That being said, this is some of the best pizza in town.   I've hunted for years to find good New York style pizza in Vegas. This is the best I've  found. The dough is delicious, the toppings are fresh & they make a tasty white pizza. They have a great oven, which creates that perfect crispy crust and defines New York style pizza. Every time we go there, the food is consistently delicious. Each pizza is as good as the next. We've also been happy with the chicken wings and fingers.   This is not an "eat in" place, per se. They do have a few tables, but it seems that 95% of their business is carry out. The owners are great. They are friendly and helpful. I've fed large groups and they went out of their way to make sure I had everything I needed.
5 We have been visiting Maestro's once a week for  several months now.  We always order lasagna and pizza, and occasionally order the Alfredo or spaghetti.  The sit down restaurant is a but neglected by customers, but it is a hidden gem!  The service is very personal.  The food is excellent, with generous portions.  We always eat family-style and share everything.  They don't mind bringing us extra plates.  Highly recommend for great Italian food at reasonable prices.  P.S.  the French silk pie is to die for, too!
3 Decent lunch stop for this area- Crab Corner and Burger Lab were both closed at 11AM on a Monday, so eventually found myself here with coworkers. Unclear whether there is typically table service (as we received) or if it's a walk-up order place (as a customer after us did). Much of their business is delivery and take-out/pickup.   Service was okay but not personable or attentive; drinks not refilled, orders came out slow and one at a time, eventually the cook brought them out after noticing they were sitting on the counter as waiter took a lengthy phone order.  Menu is extensive: pizza, chicken wings/tenders, salads, burgers, hot and cold sandwiches, gyros, and about 10 $7 lunch specials. Most of group got lunch specials- I opted for buffalo chicken salad ($9), portions for all were huge and no one actually finished. Best value was 1 topping small pizza and drink.  Salad I ordered was large, portion of chicken was large too, but there was way too much wing sauce puddling in the vegetables rather than being able to really use the salad dressing (bleu cheese). Filling and fresh.
4 Good za!!' Apart from the franchise pizza this is a better alternative.  The wings are great too
3 Failed to take pictures! The pizzas have been pretty damn good! Unfortunately, there was an option for a "normal" supreme like with pepperoni, sausage, onions, bell pepper, mushrooms, and maybe some olives. Maestro's supreme adds marinated pork, ground beef, ham, and tomato. A bit much for me so I ordered 14" spinach,mushrooms, onions,and sausage. Damn that was a great pizza! The crust wasn't consistent though. There were thick parts which were kinda doughy, but the thin crust was awesome! I took one star because of the crust. The delivery driver the first time was happy and cool! Yesterday the guy wasn't full of personality. Will order this again!
