5 Hunter Ryum is awesome. We just closed on a house and the pool needed servicing. We've never owned a pool before, so we didn't know what this would entail. After Hunter tested the pool water and checked the pool system, he informed us that all we needed was a cleaning. His honesty was very much appreciated. The pool looks great and we've hired him to service the pool as well.
1 Do not trust this company. They came to my house to connect my system. A week later i find out that the solar system is not working on auto as he forgot to install the solar sensor. a week after that, Jerome came over to install the sensor then toke it upon him self to replace a part that was working just fine without even consulting me. I go to the backyard to see what he's up to just to find this out. when i asked him why he is replacing a part that has nothing to do with the solar automatically going on and off he said it wasn't working, even though it was working just fine before he came. Not trusting him, i asked him to get my old part back out of his truck and install it back and show me how its not working, he said he's not gonna do that. He said I can either give him $250 for the new part or he will take it back and not put the old one back and i would still owe him $85 for his trip. Bottom line i ended up getting conned out of $250. I Then hired a real company that fixed the issue, and had them check the part that was supposedly bad and guess what, it was working just fine like i thought. So basically i got ripped off. When I contacted the owner guy Hunter. This guy by the way is even a bigger jackass than the other thief Jerome.  He started yelling on the phone telling me how they are right and I'm wrong. I can go on and on... this company is a flyby company that is owned by a thief named Hunter. I guess as an owner he feels he's untouchable and can talk to customers any way he feels. So here i am taking out my frustration online for my 250 bucks worth. If you are going to use these thieves. Make sure you do not give them access to your yard with out you being present.
5 They are amazing! Thank you for your prompt response and attention to my needs. We will always use The Pool Dr.
