5 I am so happy that Connelly Billiards was too busy to move my new pool table. I ended up saving over $100 using a great local business!  The neighbor from whom I bought the pool table had good things to say about Connelly, but they were booked until after 4th of July. I was hesitant calling someone unknown on Craigslist, but the Connelly employee told me to look for anyone who was licensed and bonded.   The owner, Steven, answered right away and was very professional and friendly. He answered my questions, gave me the price, and made an appointment to move the pool table a couple days later.  Steven and his employee arrived at my neighbor's house on time and proceeded to quickly but carefully disassemble the pool table. They worked so hard, despite the heat and two flights of stairs. My husband kept saying, "There's no way I could have done this." and "I'm so glad we hired these guys." Definitely something worth leaving to the experts.  From beginning to end, the whole move took just an hour. Steven gave us some pointers about the care and maintenance and told us a few other things to watch out for. I loved that he uses an iPad for all the paperwork. One last thing to have around the house.   I would recommend this company to anyone!
5 Hello,  I had the best experience with Orion Billiards they are real Professionals. I researched the company, and found that they are a Licensed Business in Arizona.  When I called Bill answered the phone. I asked if he had a store front, he said he was a home based Business, with an on line store.. I was in need of a Pool Table for one of our High end Rentals. Bill was a life saver, he rented our company a pool Table. He also recovered it for us, he was so helpful, he also helped us pick out a color.  I asked him for proof of insurance, Bill asked me for our company information. He called his insurance company, within two hours I had a Certificate of Insurance that was Issued to my company also asked for a W-9 for taxes, again Bill Issued a W-9 with all of my company information and Orion Billiards Information. I didn't know how the process worked. Bill was so helpful. He explained that any one can show a policy that might not be valid, but the certificate is proof of coverage.  When he delivered the table, introduced himself. Very pleasant and conducted himself in a business manor. Then he got right to work, before I knew,  the table was finished. I have Never been so pleased with the service of a company. It looked so nice I wanted to keep it.  I really liked his truck, That angry 8 ball is great, he said that's "Hank". I have told all my friends and co-workers about Orion Billiards knowledge and great service.
5 These guys are awesome. I purchased a used outdoor Pool Table thru them and had them deliver and install it for me about 5 months ago. Today with no questions asked and on quick response came back out to reset the felt (or in my case Sunbrella material) due to humidity and weather change. There extremely Professional and all about customer service!!!! I own my own business and can appreciate other small family business values, something thats hard to find at the "big box" biz.  Duane Phx
5 Wow, probably the nicest people I've ever met. First, let me start by saying I called them up after finding a pool table on Craigslist and told him everything I knew about the table, Bill was honest and had no problem telling me not to waste my money (This was my first time buying a table so really had no idea what I was looking for) He stayed on the phone with me, explaining in detail what I should look for, how much I should spend and exactly what I needed to look avoid. I couldn't have been more grateful! I went and bought a table that day and he was able to help me and stayed until the deal was done, I am thankful for him and his team!
5 I used Orion Billiard to move an 8 foot Connely Pool table from Gilbert, AZ to Goodyear, AZ.  From the time I spoke to Bill Hooker until I met him when they installed the pool table at my home I was impressed with his business-like manner and courtesy shown on the phone and in person.  He and his crew removed the table from the home where I bought the pool table earlier that day and installed it later that same day in my home.  Bill and his crew paid a lot of attention to details, such as properly leveling table and also in making sure the slates fit properly on the table and together.  They also positioned the pool table perfectly in the room for maximum use of the existing room space without any interference of walls or other items.  I will use them again, if I need any pool table moving or work.  The job Bill did on installing the cover properly and making sure it was brushed out properly and checking many times to ensure the leveling was accurate.  I cannot imagine a group doing a better job than Bill and his crew did.  I highly recommend them for pool table moving, tear down, and set-up.  Great workmanship and attention to detail.
5 Bill and company provided outstanding service, excellent knowledge,  superior customer services and trust which pays for itself in hiring their services.   This company and team without a doubt can give you a piece of mind when buying a used pool table.  They were extremely courteous to the seller and their property along with giving us instruction and knowledge about pool table care and know hows.  I would not look further if needed any billiard services in the valley - they are the best.
5 As a licensed General Contractor & homeowner that focused on home remodeling &  repairs.  I learned over the years that if you return calls timely, set appointments and be on time. Plus you show respect for the customer and their property your ahead of 80% of the companies out there.     I have a unique expensive pool table  which has been moved and re-felted 5xs over the years. I was amazed to hear bill tell me how each company did not assemble the table correctly. At first I was skeptical  on a couple points, however when he showed me and explained what & why they did not assemble my table correctly any of the times in the past. Bill is as close to a master in his field as you can get.  He was trained by a master and it's clear he was a great student. After all, there are those that just do the job, and those that do the job well!  Bill and his team were VERY accommodating in taking time to pick up and deliver my table and to set it up after some repairs were made. So overall Orion Billiards is a 5 star company with their quality,  professionalism and price are second to none!  Kelly K.
5 Great Company. Came out quick and moved my table very professionally. They leveled it out, gave me new felt, and even offered some used pockets at a very fair price. While they were setting up, the owner was constantly on the phone with customers answering questions all day. This did not effect my install and proves wonderful customer service.  During installation something went wrong, and they had to come back to finish. To ensure I could play as soon as possible, the owner and another gentleman came back on a Friday night at 7:30pm to finish my rails.  I would recommend this company to anyone, and in fact already have.
5 Matt moved an Olhausen 8' x 4' table from Tempe to N. Scottsdale for me yesterday and was great.  Called ahead, showed up on time, and then figured out the mystery that has stumped many a furniture mover in getting objects into my back room.  Table was set up perfectly and he gave me some useful tips on maintenance.  The price he quoted was on the lower end compared to others, so I was expecting some sort of drama or sub-par effort, but not the case.  I really lucked out for once.  These guys are quality.
5 Absolutely awesome!!!  Had Bill move my table from Gilbert to Avondale today. He is a true professional and a very detailed craftsman. He injured himself the night before and still performed the move. He walked the guys through every single step of the breakdown and setup double checking every detail. Took his time and made sure it was perfect. I will be calling them for all my service work on my table and my next move. These guys are top notch! If you don't choose them your making a mistake
5 I made a short notice appointment to move a pool table and was very happy with the price and customer service. Bill and Matt moved my table and gave me some important care pointers. I would definitely recommend them to anyone for billiards and game room needs. No hidden fees and they did everything possible to make sure I didn't need anything else. These guys were awesome and very knowledgeable.
5 These guys are amazing! I bought a Brunswick Gold Crown and they had the knowledge to move it with no problems. My appointment was made very very last minute. I was very pleased with everything about these guys. Their communication, knowledge and friendly attitudes made me a customer for life.  -Kevin Layton
