5 I dropped my phone in water and had not backed up in some time. They were able to cove my data and text messages and pictures and reload them on another iPhone all in the same day. The price for all the service including replacing a broken screen was better than I had found at other places. Ubreakifix is well worth the money.
5 After hearing such great reviews about this place I had to being my daughters itouch in here to get the screen replaced. It was in and out fast and the smile on my daughters face was priceless!! I will gladly do business with these people any day!!!
5 Came to ubreakifix based on a recommendation from Frys Electronics.  Spoke with Matt.  He was knowledgeable, professional and quick.  He let  me jump on the wifi so I could work while I was waiting.  Plus with star wars playing in the lobby and an old school street fighter ii in the corner on free play,  could my wait be more pleasant?  I submit that it could not :).
5 We took my sons Xbox 360 here, and the staff was Fabulous! Very knowledgable, helpful and patient! The Xbox is working great now, thanks guys!!! Don't hesitate head down and see them...very inexpensive as well.
5 This really is as good as it gets. I went to Google to find a fix for my iPhone. I called the team at UBREAKIFIX and they told me to come right over.  I love instant service. They took my phone and in a very short space of time i was here typing this review on how fast, and customer friendly the service is.  I highly recommend you call UBREAKIFIX if you are looking for a fix for the iPhone!!
5 This is the place to fix your iPhone. Not only they have competitive pricing but repairs are done in timely/efficient manner, that come with 90 days warranty. The guys working there are trustworthy and extremely knowledgeable, The place is clean, professional and easily accessible off Mill Ave. Highly recommend!
5 Fast and friendly service!! Thanks Guys!!
5 UBreakIFIX did a awesome job fixing my phone.  Now I'm rocking a candy blue iphone.  j
5 speedy, friendly and efficient. They match prices so if you find a walk in store with cheaper pricing, they will charge you the same amount. They also have a deal so that people can get either $5 off their fix or a free screen protector if you write a good review for them on google+ local. Note, they do NOT do both at the same time. Must either ask for them to do 1 or the other.  in less than 45 minutes, they were finished fixing my brother's iphone 4 front screen. Seemed like they inspect other parts to see if they were damaged as well. Sweet and efficient. right next to great restaurants so waiting was not bad at all!
5 I had a lot of debris and lint that had accumulated inside the headphone jack of my iPhone making me unable to use it for music--and with a flight coming up I wanted to have it repaired quickly. I took it to uBreakiFix expecting to pay at least a nominal fee but was delighted when Robert took it into the back for 10 minutes and returned with news that he had cleaned it and tested it and it worked great--then to top it off there was no charge.  They have a large TV with movies playing to keep you occupied as well as old arcade versions of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Street Fighter II which are free to play.   Thanks Robert!
5 They fixed my daughter's iPod's broken glass in less than 90 minutes. When you drop off your item, they give you estimate and a claim check. Very polite business persons. The picture shows one of two games you can use while you wait. They also have Wifi and a television. Thanks guys!
5 UBreakiFix really does deserve 5 stars! I came here after my 18 month old shattered my iPad screen and broke my husband's laptop, all in the same week I might add. They fixed my iPad within an hour and it only took them a short time to fix my husband's computer. Their prices are great and the service was exceptional.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone needing their gadgets fixed!
5 My iphone 4s screen shattered the other day and I was devastated. I went to yelp to find some place to fix it and found ubreakifix. Its conveniently located practically on the ASU campus, so I dropped it off before class and was able to pick it up right after. Their prices are pretty reasonable too. And best of all my iPhone looks all pretty again :) Marshall did a great job fixing my screen too!
4 I cracked my screen and they replaced it in about an hour. Apple would have charged $199 + tax, but I only got charged about $130 here (including tax).  It was worth it just to save $70 over Apple directly...not having to deal with the chaos, condescending employees and inconvenience of an Apple store is pure bonus.   There are some places I found online that would fix the screen slightly cheaper but I went with these guys based on convenience and the good reviews, as well as the fact they actually had a storefront and wasn't just a guy in a van...  I'd definitely recommend...
5 I never thought I would be that person who drops their iPhone and shatters their screen, but alas... it happens to the best of us.  I visited uBreakiFix after it was recommended to me by several people.  They were able to fix my screen for a fraction of the cost it would have been to get a new one.  So, when you have that slow-motion "Oh crap!" moment as your phone catapults to the group... now you know who to call!
5 I cracked my iPhone and uBreakiFix was able to help me! I stopped in a Saturday morning, there was no wait. The guys were friendly and knowledgable.  I highly recommend coming to these guys with your broken electronics. Thank you!
5 They fixed my Galaxy S3 quicker than quoted, and even put my new otter-box on for me! thanks for the quick and easy service! I was willing to drive the extra miles to service my phone here versus a competitor that is closer, solely on the great reviews and prior experience my boyfriend had. Thanks again!
5 Our company had a Sony Vaio Z series laptop that needed the screen swapped out.  I provided the part from a spare laptop and they replaced it same day for only $60.  Amazingly fast an inexpensive.  Awesome stuff.  Thank you!  We will most definitely return with all other laptop repairs.
5 uBreakiFix was professional, quick.   A true 5 star business.
5 This place rocks. I broke my phone in Chicago got it fixed at the UbreakIfix store there and then came to Arizona and cracked my screen and broke my top button. Very affordable and speedy service.
5 symptom: cracked screen galaxy s3 while everyone else was trying to sell me a screen AND LCD, but my lcd was fine! ubreak told me they could just replace the glass, and that was $150 less! its kinda like when u go to a mechanic and theyre like "oh we're gonna have to replace the whole thing" then u go to another and he's like "I can just replace that one part". These guys are honest, quick & professional, its been 4 days and my phone seems to be back to perfect shape! also: very comfy store! nice seating, big tv with movies playing and FREE video games! ROCK ON!
5 My PS3 had trouble reading games: came in on a Friday and had to keep it overnight for diagnosis. Told me up front the repair was going to cost either $110 to fix the blu ray or approximately $150 to completely replace the blu ray. Got a call the next day and was told it was ready for pick up. I was told they had to replace the blu ray and my ps3 worked like they said. The console definitely works after a month and they also have  a 30 day warranty in case it breaks down again.  I would definitely recommend them for game console repairs: very professional and good customer service.
5 Unfortunately I've cracked my Iphone  4s screen multiple times... taken it to UbreakiFix and they have done an excellent job each time. The repair the glass on my phone very quickly (usually within an hour) and for a good deal.
5 Very swift and professional.
1 I wish I could give zero stars. TAKE YOUR PHONE TO APPLE. This place does an unprofessional job. Warranty is not honored and the staff is very unhelpful. It is completely worth the extra $30 to take it to an apple store. Waste of my time and money.
5 Brendan G. was extraordinarily courteous, helpful and knowledgable. He addressed my issue in minutes and I simply can't recommend them enough. Not to mention they have the TMNT coin-op AND Street Fighter II in the lobby, just begging to be played.
5 Took my wife's IPhone 5 for a screen replacement. Went down the street to get coffee while we waited. Before we were half way done with our coffee, they called to let us know it was done. Very reasonable prices and extremely fast service. Great job.
5 they fixed my phone and its in perfect use now!
1 Brought my iphone for a diagnostic and asked a few questions regarding the possible charges for any necessary repairs. I realized from the look of their face that they weren't going to do anything and what a shame and waste of my time. They kept my iphone for 3 days and when I called them for a status, they said that the iphone was beyond repairable. I take my iphone to "Arizona Ipad Repair" in Scottsdale and all the phone needed was a new battery!
4 Cracked Screen:  I was so glad I found these guys - Greg was nice and is extremely knowledgeable.  If (hoping not) my screen ever cracks again I will definitely go to them first.  It's better than paying the $100 deductible and waiting for a refurbished phone to be shipped that the insurance I pay for every month charges......Insurance CANCELLED.....Thanks again for all your guys' help and if anyone needs anything repaired (including computers) - this is the place to take your stuff~
2 I didn't get my phone fixed here, so I can't speak to the quality of the actual repairs, but my experience was frustrating at best. I called, explained what phone I have and the repairs that it needed. I was quoted $150 and told it was okay to bring it in that day without an appointment. When I got there, they apparently had sold out of the part in between the time I called  and came. I'm assuming they only had one, which I think should have been mentioned, especially if I asked about an appointment specifically. I was told to check back later in the week to see if they'd received a new shipment and if they had the part. When I did go back, I was told they don't fix my phone unless they do a special order for the part and it costs $220 total. When I asked about the quote I received last week, I was told that they had never fixed my phone for that price.  I didn't feel that the employees were rude or anything, but I do feel like I was given the run around, and the miscommunication was very frustrating.
1 Horrible customer service. I took my iphone 5 to get the screen fix and the job was done poorly. The phone cracked 2 days later. I then took my phone back because they said there was a 90 day warranty (I brought my paperwork and receipt), and they were disrespectful and didn't NOT honor their word. TAKE YOUR PHONE TO APPLE. I'm sure to tell anyone asking for iPhone advice to avoid this place no matter what.
4 Took a ipad 2 from work here for repair, ipad was repaired in the same day about 6hrs. Needed a new glass and cost about $129 plus tax. Overall happy w the service and repair they do give a 90 day warranty which is nice. Wish it was a little more professional but overall they did the job i needed. The shop is right off Mill ave so you can park in the meter and run in and drop off and pick up
5 Excellent work, knowledgable and friendly staff that can fix just about everything you throw at them. (Pun intended). But seriously, if you need some electronics fixed... Come here.
5 Took my iphone 5 and got repaired in 30 minutes while I played their free ninja turtles arcade game! Awesome  !
5 Daniel is awesome.  I was so stressed that they would not have time to fix my phone because they were closing in 30 minutes after driving over 2 hours the said they would be able to.  Daniel was pleasant and I didn't feel rushed at all!!!
3 Took my Playstation 3 here after it stopped reading discs.  Had to take it back twice, still wasn't fixed.  In all fairness, the problem was beyond the scope of the repair, and they gave me a full refund.  That's superior policy/customer service.  On the downside, they removed my yet-unplayed copy of GTA 5 and stuck it in a ziplock bag after I offered to leave the case for them to put it in.  Disc looked like someone ate a bucket of chicken and put their hands all over it.  Also, I came back twice to have it re-repaired and each time was like I'd never been there before.  "Can I help you?"  I'll consider this experience a wash, as I left with the same broken unit but was not charged for the time invested.  Not certain I'd take anything else there.
1 Ubreakifix is the worst place you can take your iPad or iPhone for a cracked screen repair. I brought my iPad in a while back, and while the glass was replaced and looked nice, other things started to malfunction after their "repair." They wrote if off saying that maybe the glass wasn't positioned right. I ended up bringing my iPad back 4 times! and they still were not able to fix the problem. It came to a point where I couldn't do anything on the iPad without random buttons being involuntarily pushed or icons flashing on their own. I wished I had never brought my broken device here and had kept using it cracked, but working correctly. What astonished me most is that they could not take responsibility for the problems that THEY caused. I would expect a business that specializes in repairing electronic devices to replace my iPad for free after four failed times due to their own embarrassment as a business, but they didn't. The thing that pushed me over the edge and made me write this review is that my boyfriend just took his cracked i phone in to get repaired and he is already having the same sort of problems I had after I had my iPad "fixed." Buttons are pressing themselves and as I am on the phone with him I can hear buttons being pushed. The phone will even put him on mute when he didn't push it and others that he is talking to have a hard time hearing him. I can now confirm that what happened to me was not a fluke, but bad practices at this business. So, don't take your phone, iPad or anything else here, at least for a cracked screen ( I can't speak for their other services, maybe they are just fine) or you will be in for a lot of frustration and pointless trips back to this place.
5 The service is really. And my phone just like grade new one. Think I will let all my friends know about this place
1 I took my Playstation 3 here after the laser stopped reading any of the blu-ray discs. When I got it back the PS3 could read the blu-ray, but the power button was indented into the PS3 case. I took it back to them and they said it wasn't them and they didn't do it, however, I haven't touched it since I got it from them. They wanted a receipt to prove that I went there to get it fixed before. They had saved their own copy of the receipt, but when the guy took out the receipts he had he looked through the first few then went on to the next set, not making sure to check all of the receipts. I found my receipt later, and gave it to them, then the guy told me he would replace it and said it would be ready in a few days. When I picked it up again, they didn't charge me anything for it, but after playing a blu-ray, a few days after, the PS3 wouldn't accept blu-rays anymore. I decided I didn't want to go through the hassle of trying to get them to fix it again, so I won't come back here and I'll just save the $120 they would charge and put it towards a new system.
1 I went in this past Tuesday with my T-Mobile note 3 that needed the glass and the LCD replaced.  I've NEVER been to this business before nor any like it.  I've always taken great care of my smartphones.  A friend's child threw a rock hitting my phone hence the need for the replacement.  The guy at the store told me that they would have to order the specific part for my phone since the one they had in stock was for the AT&T version only.  He told me 3-4 business days so my plan was to go in Saturday morning to get it fixed.  I just called the store and some other employee told me that no part was ordered for my phone and that I had to have either left my phone with them as collateral or pay half of the $300 service fee up-front.  I would have gladly put half down when I went in on Tuesday but I was NEVER TOLD that I had to do one or the other.  WTF?!?!  I didn't realize that it was my responsibility to know their rules!!
3 Service is great however a little over priced. I"ve taken multiple iphones and ipads here and have always been happy with the service however i found another place called QuickFIx in chandler and received equally good service for almost half the price!
