2 Thought I might meet some friends there for lunch but thought I would check it out first.  I stopped by and bought several cupcakes and a much touted sweet roll.  The sweet roll was just average - nothing special.  Actually, something about it tasted stale.  One of the cupcakes, chocolate peanut butter, was just okay.  The cake was moist but not really a luscious chocolate and I thought it might even be a cake mix;  the peanut butter filling was very creamy and light but I didn't even get a hint of peanut butter; and the frosting (hardened chocolate ganache?), was blah and waxy. A fluffy frosting would have been much better.    Overall, not impressed but do wish them luck.
4 I visited Sassy's for the first time yesterday. It was the bright spot of my day! I had a wonderful red velvet cupcake with fresh, yummy frosting and a cup of coffee. As soon as we sat down, the attentive staff offered us fresh coffee (twice). Looking around at everyone's salads and sandwiches I almost wish I'd eaten lunch there. I'd say, give Sassy's a shot. I walked away a happier woman.
3 I stopped by with a Groupon and had the bbq pork sandwich.  It was a meager lunch for the price.  Most places will give you some kind of  side (chips, potato salad, etc.) with the sandwich.  All we got was the sandwich and a strawberry and mini cupcake for almost $8.  Glad I didn't have to pay the full price.  The only way I will come back is with a Groupon type deal.
5 This is my first time at the bakery I ordered 2 dozen mini cupcakes chocolate and vanilla. They where really good, moist and very flavorful I will definitely be back!
4 Good local place, pretty decent food, and the best cinnamon rolls ever!  I can't eat any baked goods from super markets (yuck).  I am very picky when it comes to sweets but these hit it out of the ballpark!
4 I love Groupons, has led me to some fabulous places that I never would have found otherwise.  And also some not so fabulous places  This one was the first kind.  Huge fresh salads, wonderful service.  The panini I got was ok, hence the 4 stars instead of 5.   But the cupcakes, oh, the cupcakes.  We got a few different ones, but the one that really stood out was the filled red velvet.  I'm not sure what the filling was, but I dreamed about it last night it was so good.  Gonna take my boss there next week for her birthday too.  That's how great this place was.  Highly highly recommended.  They close at 6pm and are closed on Sundays.  Can't wait to go try something else, but definitely will be getting one of those cupcakes!
5 This place was so good!  I got a mozzarella, tomato, and basil panini for lunch and it was DE-LISH.  I also got 4 cupcakes to go, and they were all amazing!  Better cupcakes than "Sprinkles."  I am going to be a regular :)
3 This place is  no frills no thrills for me but the chicken caprese sandwich I will have to say is good. Average age when I was here is 70ish. But if your looking for a place that seems easy in/out for lunch , They also serve breakfast untill 1030am .
4 My husband and I have been here twice now for breakfast.  The first time was with a Groupon and the second we were repeat customers.  So, that tells you that we liked it enough to go back, right?  Breakfast: The breakfasts here are super duper sweet.  I adore the cinnamon roll french toast and I've tried both the pina colada french toast and the crepes (off of hubbie's plate) and enjoyed those as well.  I can't decide whether I like the fact that there's not an automatic combination plate available or whether I really like the option to add a la carte pieces to my breakfast.  Adding two eggs to the french toast is $1.49.  Three slices of thick bacon is another $1.49.  The eggs were a perfect over-medium both times, but the bacon was short of the well-done I ordered the last time.    Bakery: This last time we went, we decided to get  some cupcakes to take home.  I don't think I'll do that again.  For a regular sized cupcake that I could make in my kitchen at home, it was $1.50.  But wait.  There weren't any regular cupcakes available, so I had to purchase filled cupcakes at $2.50 a pop.  $10 for 4 cupcakes just seems high to me for the quality and size received.  I won't be purchasing them again.    Service: The staff is perfectly nice, but could definitely afford to smile more.  I get that the name is Sassy's, but you can smile with sass.  Promise.  That said, service is definitely good.  We even commented that it is better than a lot of server-based restaurants.  We're always greeted on our way in and asked if we need help with the menu, and thanked on the way out, our waters are refilled a couple of times without us having to leave our seats.  Customer service isn't an issue.    The atmosphere is a little cutesy for my tastes, with maroon and pink and expected decor, but the quality of the food will keep me going back.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great local breakfast spot.
1 I tried Sassy's this past Saturday morning with three friends to treat them for helping me out with a dinner event.  A gal I work with had said it was good.  We arrived at 10 a.m. hoping to be able to order breakfast or lunch but they only serve breakfast until 10:30 and no lunch until 10:30.  No one greeted us upon arrival so I asked the young man behind the counter if we needed to seat ourselves.  He was very friendly and explained the procedure of ordering at the counter.  We ordered two quiche plates that they said came with a small cup of fruit only so we ordered two sides of bacon to go with.  We also ordered the ala carte breakfast of two sides of bacon, two egg orders (one poached and one over easy) two toast and one crispy hash browns.  Then we asked for four waters and two cups of coffee.  The other ladies sat and I waited at the counter for drinks.  We only got two coffees and two waters and had to ask them to refill the creamers.  The water crock was empty.  Our quiche came to the table.  Very small slices and NO fruit.  The hash browns were very undercooked and we got TWO orders. The over easy eggs had NO runny yolk and the poached eggs came over easy.  The toast came dry.  I went back to the counter and asked for butter and jelly.  There were at least four people in the kitchen and the young man at the counter.  They handed me 2 butter packs and one small container of jelly.  Then I asked about the fruit with the quiche.  The young lady put on one glove, reached into the strawberries and handed me ONE strawberry for two orders.  I said "You couldn't put it on a small plate"?  I did not take it.  Then I inquired about the hash browns being undercooked and asked if we could send them back but they said they don't do that they would have to make a new order.  A few minutes later a man brought 3 strawberries in a plastic container to our table.  I expressed our displeasure of the way things were going.    A while later fresh hashbrowns came.  After that - NO ONE ever came to our table.  No refill of water, no offer of more coffee, no inquiry as to how anything was or if we needed anything.  There was one other table in the restaurant - a table of 8 ladies who ordered after we did.  We were polite, not unruly.  We are employees and retirees of the school district.  The bacon and quiche did taste good. There were NO desserts in the display case except for large chocolate cookies.   I believe in order to be successful you will need to work on the staff's interaction with customers and I understand not having table service but it would be nice to at least get more water.  Maybe someone could walk around with a pitcher and at least ask if things are okay.  I was so disappointed that I feel like I owe my friends another treat to thank them for their helping me.  There are an awful lot of restaurants to choose from and I do not believe I will visit Sassy's again.  I drove from close to Meridian and University to visit.  Good luck to you!
2 I've only ever been there in the afternoons, but I find the ladies there to be a little standoffish and sometimes rude. the guys at the counter always seem helpful. the pb&j and cookies are good (per my coworkers). overall, unless you need a special cake (they're wedding cakes look beautiful), then any place else would be better. not so much talking down to you.
1 I popped into this bakery spur of the moment to pick up some cupcakes for a last minute dinner party... key lime pie, chocolate mocha, vanilla cream, oreo, chocolate cheesecake and pretzel caramel.  I literally tried a bite of everyone cupcake and not one tasted fresh! The flavor was totally subpar.  The icing on all of the cupcakes tasted like a fake whip cream that was very stale.  The kinda stale taste you get from having an unwrapped item sitting in the fridge too long! The texture of the cake on all of the cupcakes was strange, kinda chewy, not sure if that is the right term but they were not good.  My biggest complaint is the staleness of the cupcakes!  If you are going to have a bakery, the baked goods should be baked everyday, no day old of several day old should be served!    The decor was cute inside but did not match the tacky look of the outside of the building.  There is glass paint all over the windows, odd for a bakery/cafe.  They were busy with people standing in line for lunch items and the workers were not at all friendly! It was a real bummer of an experience!
2 I ordered a graduation cake 2 weeks prior to the event. I was very specific with no buttercream frosting. It was to be a red velvet cake with whipped frosting with school colors. I drove to downtown Mesa approx 13 mi one way after texting the lady that I was coming for the cake. Never heard back and it was after the time the cake was supposed to be ready. When I got there, I waited a full 5 minutes before anyone asked if they could help me, seemed like I was inconveniencing them. They asked me what time I needed the cake, then I knew something was up. I said "well, I'm here now" I was told they were putting the finishing touches on the cake and that they would be happy to delivery it around 4pm free of charge.  When the cake finally arrived at my house around 445. It looked like buttercream. I asked about refrigeration, one girl said no,I didn't have to refrigerate it, the other said yes I did need to because it was whipped frosting. I pointed out that it did not look like whipped frosting. To late now, I needed a cake. Sure enough, when it came time to serve the cake, it was buttercream. For $55 this cake was not spectacular at all, highly disappointing.  Definately not what I wanted or ordered.  Still wondering what actually happened, I sent a text message to the lady who made the cake and told her that the cake was not all what I ordered and I wanted to know what actually happened since I got 3 different stories. She then proceeded to tell me that she made a cake with whipped frosting and the  colors were beautiful.  When she went to the fridge to check on it later,  all the colors had bled into the frosting and they had to remake the cake. Why couldn't they just be honest and say that in the first place? She apologized a few times then zaid she would be happy to make me another cake free of charge. I agreed,  but I think I would rather have my money back since I drove out there, and was lied to a few times before I finally got the actual story. She offered to make another cake, I would rather have my money back which was never offered. I won't be back and its too bad because she was recommended by a friend who is a caterer.
5 Sassy's is a great family owned bakery that created my beautiful wedding cake masterpiece. Wedding cakes are stressful because you want a beautifully decorated cake, but also one that tastes scrumptious! Most bakers and friends told me I would have to pick ONE of those for a wedding cake because I wanted a 3 tiered fondant cake. Fondant limits the kind of taste you want because whipped cream won't hold up fondant so Sassy's gave us an alternative... top tier REAL cake and the bottom 2 tiers foam covered in fondant; then have a delicious sheet cake on the side to serve to guests. It was brilliant because we still got our cake slicing experience and pictures with a gorgeous cherry blossom cake, but then we got to serve out mouth-watering sheet cake. With the square sheet cake, they let us pick 2 flavors so it was half-n-half. I really recommend Sassy's: they were super friendly, created exactly what I asked for, and were very affordable. They even lent us a beautiful pedestal for the cake to sit on :) I will post a picture of our cake, it was a 3 tier cherry blossom cake.
5 Best, freshest food ever! You will not be disappointed. Nuff said. Oh, except try the red velvet cupcakes, and the pina colada french toast, and the crepes, and the ham & swiss, and the creamy potato soup, and everything else on their menu. They do wedding cakes & catering, too.
3 I was craving cupcakes and did a search here on yelp. Sassy's seemed close and per their menu/advertisement cupcakes were 1.50 or 2.00. I called got the assortment of flavors for the day and thought I'd give them a try. The staff was very polite but immediately when a "regular" came in, I was rushed to get out so they could help him. I realize small businesses thrive on their regulars but if you don't make new ones feel welcomed, dot expect your business to grow. Then when I asked for price clarification I was told that all the cupcakes were 2.50 because they were filled and how much work went into them.... Really? I looked at their menu and supposedly they were to have different price points. Due to my cravings I did buy some since I had driven all the way there. They also have frosted sugar cookies that were very good. I highly recommend those. I've tried two of the cupcakes so far and the lemon drop far outweighs the vanilla cream.... I wouldn't say don't go to this place but be prepared to pay small business prices and if your not a regular you may not be a priority... Lastly, the decor was pink, reminded me of candy land but service is far more important to me than decor anyways... They do serve breakfast and lunch and from what I saw going out it looked decent but if have to eat it to review.
5 ohhhhhhhh my gosh!!!! This place should be illegal!!!!  How can anyone give this place a bad review????!!!!!!!!!  BEST frosted sugar cookie I have EVER had!! Their lunch menu looks amazing and the prices are great!! A customer standing beside me said she'd eaten there a few days before and the lunches are incredible !!  I'm going back for lunch with my husband. The atmosphere is FANTASTIC and the girl at the counter was delightful!  YAY! So happy I checked this place out!!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this wonderful place!!!!!!
5 Snuck in for an iced cinnamon roll & coffee as a first timer. Wow is how I describe the roll. Returned for lunch with the wife & was wow'ed all over again. The cream of chicken soup was superb. Lots of chicken & noodles in a light cream liquid broth served with bread & the signature strawberry and cupcake. The BBQ chicken quesadilla was as flavorful & was full of chicken, black beans, & corn. The owner explained his menu & told me about the scratch biscuits and gravy served on Saturdays.  Guess when I'm coming back?
3 Came in to get pricing on a cake. The gentleman that I spoke with was friendly, but at 3 in the afternoon, the impression that I got was that I was bothering him. Nevertheless, he gave me the info I went in for and sold me a couple cupcakes.  I noticed a sign on the bakery case stating that the kitchen closes at 3pm. Not sure if this is every day. I guess from 3pm to closing you can only get baked goods.  The cupcakes were excellent. Five stars all the way. Decent price as well.  We will be back for breakfast or lunch one of these days.
4 Had breakfast here on a Saturday morning.  There was a breakfast wedding reception going on so half the sitting area was reserved.  The place is actually bigger than I thought it would be so there was enough sitting for people walking in.  There were about 9 tables available and they were all full when we left.  There was a steady flow of people coming in the entire time.  Some of them were regulars as they knew the owners by name.  The wait staff was really friendly.  We ordered Belgium waffles and a French toast cinnamon roll.   Both were really good. The French toast cinnamon roll didn't need any syrup, it was pretty sweet.  The coffee wad decent, regular coffee.    I would go back for breakfast again.  Would like to try lunch there one day also.
1 I ordered both my wedding cake and groom's cakes from Sassy's Cafe & Bakery in Mesa. We didn't run into any issues ordering the wedding cake.   When I called back to order the groom's cake, it was a nightmare situation. The first time I called, I was told they were too busy to do a cake consultation (it was a week or two before Christmas) and to call back in January after the holiday break. I called back again in early January and the owner was not available, they were out and I was asked to call back again the next day. No one ever offers to take a message and have them call you back - they always ask you to call back. I called back again, still, no response. At this time, my fiance took over and tried to call to set up the consultation and they told him to email his request to the email on the website, so he did. The email bounded back. He followed up again to find out that the email address on the website is wrong - it's an outdated one they don't use anymore and haven't corrected and don't forward to one they do use. They gave him a new email address and he sent the request and a week later, he still hadn't heard back. I called to follow up again as by now, it was a little over two weeks before our wedding and we still didn't have a quote for his groom's cake. This time, the staff told me I had to wait until Monday or Tuesday because the owners were out, someone had surgery and no one on staff could help me. At this point, I'd been trying to order the cake for over a month. It was becoming a very stressful situation which made me wonder if I'd make a horrible mistake by having ordering my wedding cake from Sassy's Cafe & Bakery.  Thankfully, the pastry manager found out about the situation and she followed up with me immediately. She was fantastic and had me email her the pictures again for a quote because the owners hadn't gone through the email yet because of one having surgery (I understand people have surgery but have a backup plan in place that keeps your business moving while you're out - it's called delegation folks, successful businesses everywhere do it, give it a try). Working with the pastry manager, I got the cake quoted and ordered (the Monday before my Saturday wedding - talk about stressful but at least it was ordered). I finally felt like it would be ok...unfortunately, the delivery driver had to swerve in order to avoid an accident on the way to my wedding reception and the wedding cake and groom's cakes were both in the car. The top tier of the groom's cake was damaged and couldn't be presented. It had to be removed from the cake and only layers two and three were displayed.   I was told I'd receive a complete refund for the groom's cake, just call them on Monday when they opened. The wedding cake looked beautiful however, the pink champagne cake, which is their specialty cake, and was the most amazing thing I'd ever tasted when I had it at the bridal fair, was not good when it was served at my wedding. I was so disappointed. It was over baked and dry. And, it didn't have the right frosting on it. There were four of us who tried it at the bridal fair and each of them commented that what I got wasn't the same cake as we'd had there. After all that hassle and stress, we ended up with one damaged cake that was missing a layer and a dry, not so tasty wedding cake with the wrong frosting.   Unfortunately, at no time did the owner ever attempt to remedy this situation, they never even took my call. Nor did they return the messages. Every time I called I was told they were out and would call me back within the hour but they never did. Finally, I got in touch with the pastry manager again (thank goodness for her) and she apologized for the fact that the owners hadn't returned my call or taken care of the situation, she'd told them on Saturday what happened. She apologized profusely and agreed to refund both the groom's cake and the cost of the pink champagne portion of the wedding cake since it wasn't good. She tried to make the situation right. She then had to call me back a few minutes later because the owner wouldn't let her run the refund until I returned the cake stand??? No one ever mentioned that we needed to return a cake stand - we paid for delivery on the cake. I thought that covered everything. I'd left it in the room at the wedding venue with the other items that were being picked up. I was surprised but you know, with their terrible communication, I shouldn't have been surprised that we weren't told. We returned it, they gave us the refund. I will NEVER deal with Sassy's Cafe & Bakery in Mesa again. NEVER.
5 What a nice little bakery;).  I had cinnamon roll French toast.  I was also very pleased that when I went there to have a mom and daughter time but was there after close the owner let us come in and get our cupcakes to go.   That was awesome service in my book.    Can't believe that I have lived near by for over 2 years and never gone in.   We now have a new place for little treat.
5 I am an experienced baker, so I am really picky and do not usually buy baked goods.  However, since I have been really busy I decided to stop in for a cinnamon roll with my daughter.  She and I ordered a cupcake each.  We both got cupcakes with filling and with a ganache topping.  Both were pretty good.  I heard the cinnamon rolls were great, and they sure were delicious!  Not too sweet, and the bread was just perfection.  The icing was good too.  I don't usually make cinnamon rolls unless I am sharing them because of the temptation to overeat, so I will definitely stop in for cinnamon rolls if ever I am feeling lazy again.   These were pretty good and definitely worth the price.  The cupcakes were good too, but those are so EASY to make at home with fillings and toppings, so $2.50 is a little steep for someone who knows how to bake.  :-)
3 Ordered a few different cupcakes today and took them home. The service at the counter was great, the boy working was very friendly. The flavor was just okay, you can really taste the shortening in the frosting. I wouldn't suggest these cupcakes over any other cupcake in the valley. Go to Sprinkles instead.
4 They have room up at the counter for another cash register. It might be a good investment for them. Came here on a Saturday afternoon and waited10 minutes behind only 2 people. Third person back must have stood  20 minutes. Another thing they could do, is have paper menus to look at while standing in line. Then people can fill out an order slip and drop it off at the cashier.  Half sandwich and soup combo was $9.25. Fresh strawberry on the styrofoam plate, is a nice touch. Would have been better if it was washed.   Chicken caprese sandwich, turkey cranberry sandwich, and "one bite" cupcake are delicious.  Broccoli cheese soup is very creamy but to spicy for me. Whole, Fresh ingredients. Won't find any processed, mystery meat here!
3 My wife and I stopped here for a brunch time breakfast.  You order at the counter and then sit down.  They bring your food out to you.  I had the cinnamon roll french toast and my wife had the crepes with a side of potatoes.  Both were delicious.  It was tough finishing both because they are both on the rich side but the taste was great.    The only reasons I'm downgrading this to a 3 star experience...staff attitude and utensils/condiments.  The staff wasn't rude but no one was friendly either.  It was just  blah type attitude.  This probably would've made the experience a lot better.  When you go to a small mom and pop type restaurant you sort of expect them to be friendly and treat you differently than a chain.  We didn't get that here at all.  The second thing was the utensils and condiments.  The utensils were plastic which seemed odd and wasteful.  There was a single station for getting the utensils and napkins.  The condiments were two bottles of hot sauce and that was it.  We had to ask for ketchup for the potatoes which came in a small little cup.  The place has a decent amount of seating so it just seemed an odd choice for the setup.    I will most likely be back for some of the bakery items.  I'm not sure I'll be back to sit down and eat again.  This place may do great business.  I'm really don't know but I would guess they would do a lot better with a couple of small changes.
5 Discovered this place by using the 'nearby' choice on Yelp --headed in for lunch and was very pleasantly surprised. There are not many restaurant choices in this area if you don't want to eat Mexican, so finding a sandwich and salad place with tempting baked goods was awesome! We got sandwiches and were pleasantly surprised by the small cupcake treat that accompanied our lunch. The staff and service was out of this world.  And the food was really really really yummy! I would recommend this place to anyone. :-)
