4 I am a huge fan of this location and the menu. The manager is often in the store and the one time I brought a friend and she did not like her sub, her remade it for her on the spot and she said it was fabulous. They handle big crowds easily, the space is clean and well thought out, the bread and meat is always fresh -- never that chipped, pressed stuff you get at like a Firehouse subs. I have had both hot and cold sandwiches and they do both fabulously. And I love the seasoning that is included when you order "Mike's Way" -- it is not something I would think I would love, but it is awesome on cold subs. On your first visit they give you a free cookie, which makes kids so happy! I think by keeping the menu classic and simple, they keep the quality high. Two things I do wish would change: I am not a fan of Pepsi, so I wish they would get new drinks and I think their chip selection is sort of odd, but I rarely order them, so that is a good thing.
3 Average. The one on Chandler seemed much better.
4 Jersey Mike's, in general, is pretty decent for a regular sandwich place. This is my irate trip to this location for lunch an it's busy. I mean, pretty busy. So, no issues with the chain. One thing I did learn is that they will make ANY of the subs hot!!! What??!?!? Nice.
2 Was in this shopping center for another reason and was hungry, so I decided to stop in Jersey Mike's.  I've been in this one before, but it's been probably a year.    First, the sandwich was fine.  Very expensive, though. $8.05 (including tax) for a regular sized sandwich.  If that was the only problem, 3 stars.    However, there were two things about the experience I didn't like at all.  The first was the machine (which looked new) used to swipe my debit card.  Before you can swipe, a screen pops up with pre-calculated tip amounts on it (10%, 15%, and 20%) and a small button off by itself reading "no tip".  How obnoxious.  Why would I want to tip someone who spent 2 minutes making a sandwich for me and other than me telling him what sandwich I wanted, had nothing else to say?  No, I'll save my 20% tips for my sit down restaurants and wait staff that actually talk to me, served me my food and refilled my water.  Sorry, asking for a tip on my debit card screen for making my sandwich was obnoxious.  Second, the woman who rung me up was unfriendly and blurted out the instructions so fast for paging through the two stupid screens before I could swipe my card that I couldn't understand a word she said. So, I asked her to repeat herself, and once again, she very quickly (like a rehearsed script) did it again - and faced away from me while doing so.  She seemed like she couldn't wait to get me out of there so she could go on break.  Anyway, there are far better choices all over the Chandler area for sandwiches (Planet Sub, Jimmy Johns, Firehouse, Which Wich to name a few).  Next time, I'll just drive the extra mile or two and go to one of these places.
5 Love, love, love Jersey Mike's subs. I would love to say that I've had a variety of their sandwiches, but I always have to go with the Original Italian - Mike's Way with mayo. Red pepper relish on the side.  The people that work at this location are very friendly as well. Yummmmm sandwiches :)
5 Good quality food at an ok price. I don't come here too often simply because of the price but when I'm ready to spoil myself I come here. Love their bread and quality of food
