5 I first worked with Olga for my boudoir shoot in February 2011, which I did as a wedding gift for my now husband. Olga is an absolutely phenomenal photographer and one of the sweetest people you'll ever meet. She made me feel so comfortable, and I'm still floored at my pictures. I've never felt or looked so beautiful. My husband actually cried as he was looking through the album. After doing my B-shoot, I knew I wanted Olga for an after wedding / Trash the Dress shoot, so we hired her for a shoot at the Neon Museum. Again, our pictures are amazing. She was really able to capture the love & emotion between us, along with the fun vibe of the Neon Museum.
5 We have worked with Olga on our Wedding day in April 2011. She is an incredible photographer. A true artist in all sense of the word. Her pictures are unbelievable, extremely unique and truly capture the magic of the day! Your memories will be all be packaged in these gorgeous pictures forever! Not only are Olga's pictures amazing, but she is the sweetest person you will meet who makes you feel extremely comfortable right away, even if you are not the best in front of the camera. You will be beyond happy working with Olga! I can not wait to go back to Vegas to do my boudoir shoot!
5 I did a boudior shoot with Olga last year as a wedding gift to my hubby. Let me tell you; I'm not the most confident girl... I don't even change I front of people at the gym. Olga made me feel so comfortable that day. She made me feel like a beauty queen! When I got the pictures it changed my life. I now see myself how she did through the lens. It was by far one of the best experiences of my life. My husband loved it too. We have many of the pix around the house. I'm already trying to think of another reason for a second shoot! Xo
5 WOW!!! I set up a photo shoot with Olga for my wife's 40th birthday and it was wonderful. Olga took the time to talk with us and get to know us. She brought out so much beauty in her photos. My wife is beautiful but Olga made her look like a Super Model. Thank you Olga. We'll be back. Love the photo book and photo CD.
5 As soon as I met Olga I knew she was the photographer for us. She is warm, funny and an amazing artist.  Her photography is exceptional. There are very few photographers who have such a skilled eye for lighting and angles. The images are breathtaking. She captures magazine light images and brings the beauty out of you. I look at these photos and tear up.  My husband is a videographer/photographer and was very particular about who we chose for our wedding. He was blown away with the teaser pictures and we both cannot wait to see more.  If you are wondering if you should book her, do not hesitate. She is amazing and will not let you down.  I cannot emphasize enough how great she is and how your images will truly be one of a kind, edgy, fun and perfect.  I do not use these words lightly.
