3 My massage was scheduled with Susan who was wonderful. I opted for the hot stone and I'm so glad I did. The massage itself was fantastic.   Scheduling the massage was a pain. I had requested an appointment online and it was all taken care of in about an hour. Then an hour before my massage I get a call that the therapist needs to cancel. I returned the call and everything was suddenly fine. I also found out someone changed the time to 30 minutes later when I called.    The whole situation left me a bit unsure and uncomfortable but the massage was still fantastic.  I'll try them again but I'd like to see scheduling go better before I commit to a membership.
5 Heidu did an amazing job! First time I was happy with a massage.
4 After getting a bad muscle spasm in my mid-back and not knowing if it would get better, I saw their introductory offer for a $39 and decided to go for it.   Their location here in Goodyear is a really calm and serene one. I expected it to look similar to Massage Envy, which to me doesn't have the feel of a spa when sitting in the front waiting area. But this place had that feel to it, which of course, made me feel more relaxed.  I did go on Father's Day or it may have been the day before or after, but it was crowded with men! I had a major giggle and insightful thoughts because I've never seen that many men at a spa or massage place. This wasn't just because of wives buying their husbands certificates either. As I sat waiting for my appointment, the front desk ladies were asking them how their family was doing, when they were moving out of the country, etc. They knew these gentlemen well. To me that said something about their return clients.  I can't remember who I had, but she was pregnant and had a unique name (which is probably why I can't remember since the pronunciation was so different). Either way, she was very calming and accomodating to my injury. I felt like her pressure was perfect and when it wasn't, I felt comfortable asking her to adjust, to which she did quickly and easily. I do plan on going back in the future and would love to get their monthly membership as well. I may try a different massage therapist, but only b/c I want to feel the styles of other therapists.
5 This place is awesome! Friendly staff & great massages, I can't get enough!!
5 After a few months of membership I'm in love.  Service has been fantastic since my initial issue and Susan is still amazing.    I'd highly recommend it if you're in the area and looking for a message, either just once or a membership.  It's a great value and I have found it to be a wise investment for myself.
4 If your looking for a couples experience this is the place to come. Our experience was one of a kind and exceptional. We walked into a relaxing calm room surrounded by fake rose petals and chocolate kisses. It was totally romantic, invigorating, and relaxing for my husband and I. We had a good time while getting a massage and taking time to slow down. We took advantage of the coupon found in the mail and it was worth every penny.The best part, the staff was professional and everything was very clean. I am a happy customer.
5 For the price this place is awesome. They have wonderful services and very professional and polite. I received a massage and a facial. Both were exceptional services. After my first appointment I signed up for a membership.
4 Serene and peaceful! I have been a member for the past year. The front desk staff and the manager are always friendly and smiling. They know my first name when I walk through the door.  I appreciate that they make an attempt to know who their customers are. The facility is always clean and overall pretty quiet... the way it should be. The prices are very reasonable and offer wonderful massages. I would recommend this to anyone.
2 They are one of the few legit places in the area to get a facial, so I really wish I loved it more.    I came here a couple of months back (So I am really hoping it has changed) and got a facial.    I got the first time client price, which seemed like a good price when I signed up for it... but after receiving the facial I felt ripped off.... I've had more thorough facials at beauty schools.    The girl who did my facial was very pleasant, just a little absent minded, and maybe new to the industry? She left the room twice after my facial was supposed to start because she forgot things.. hey it happens...  But what really irked me about the whole things is that there was no hand/arm/shoulder/scalp/leg nothing massage while the mask was doing its thing. Not every place you get a facial does ALL of those massages while the mask is on, but it is pretty much standard and expected to get a scalp massage and an arm/hand massage during this time.  Instead the girl took the time to clean up the room while I was laying there.  I appreciate cleanliness, but not when it is achieved by loudly cleaning the room while I am trying to relax.    Speaking of trying to relax...The girl would not stop talking!!! And I don't mean she was explaining what she was applying or the benefits it should have, no I mean she was just chit chatting.  She was trying to talk to me like we were best friends. I kept giving her short answers hoping she would get the hint, but she didn't.  At one point she said "Oh I forget you are here to relax, I'll be quiet now".....3 minutes pass and she is back at it... I suppose I should of spoken up and said something, but didn't want to hurt her feelings... sigh.  The facial was quick, too quick actually, it didn't quit fill the hour long slot that was promised. Especially when 10 minutes was spent going back out in the hall to get things she forgot.  She did the usual product recommendation afterwards, but wasn't too pushy.  I got a couple of samples, which was cool.   The front desk staff was also very friendly, and the decor was nice, especially for being in a strip mall.  I can honestly say though that I will not be back unless I see some more reviews on their facials because their full price would leave me cringing in pain if I received the same facial I did at the intro price.
5 Fantastic service, beautiful tranquil waiting area and the best massage ever!!!! I'm hooked!
5 I really enjoyed this massage. They aren't too expensive and they do a great job. I would recommend trying this place out!
5 I have been here many times in the past and have always walked away with a smile but this last visit was just amazing!  When you go in ask for Joanna she is the best and will leave you wishing you had paid for a longer session.
4 My husband and I had a massage here and it was such a wonderful experience. They were very attentive to us and they did a great job. I gave 4 stars because I wish it was a full hour massage not 50 minutes, other than that it was great.
5 Had one of the best, if not THE best massages I have ever had (and I have had many) from Adrienne. Only complaint is that I didn't get to stay longer! I did the 50 min. I would go for the 80 min if I was you! She is awesome. I felt warm, relaxed, and pampered. Her hands were so soft, and she used a lotion that smelled really good.
