3 Oh Virgin Active. How I wish I could afford you. With your wonderfully clean changing rooms and high quality surroundings. But as a student it cost me £44 a month to be a member, and after a month I realised that this was a ridiculous price to pay.   With their huge choice of classes and gym equipment, you're bound to get fit here. They also have this super trendy Power Plate thing that I guess is supposed to vibrate you so much that the fat falls off. I don't know but apparently Cheryl Cole (or is it Tweedy now?) uses it and Nicole Kidman too. I used it for a couple of weeks and I can't say I looked the same as them... Anyway. I enjoyed their swimming pool but often it would be full of kids dive bombing and such like. And while I'm all up for a good time shouldn't they be at the local leisure center where people aren't paying £44 and upwards to swim?   Virgin Active is lovely, clean and upmarket but it is too damn expensive. I guess that is to keep us plebs out though?
4 So all I really want is a place to swim. I've stressed this many times to the sales person I phoned up today, but it seems I'll have to go to one of the swimming halls for that. I decided to take a guided tour of the gym anyway, and left my wallet behind, just to be on the safe side.  I'm a bit sad I went now because the sales pitch, and quite impressive gym have completely won me over! I'm excited to use machines I'd never even heard of before, which, frankly, look a little life threatening... and the pool is quite up to par, considering it was all I was interested in to start with! What I'm really impressed with though is the variety of classes I can go to.. pilates, yoga, zumba, etc Even with the off peak, there are still a lot of options. I'm a bit surprised to read the other reviewer's monthly prices, because it's £30 for off peak and £40 for unlimited at the moment. This could be down to summer promos, but I can be a bit of a scrooge and still wish it was even less :(  Will update when after my first few classes which should hopefully start tomorrow!
5 Friendly, knowledgeable staff.  Good personal trainers. Spacious.  Nice pool. Modern gym equipment, and they've got kettle bells, my favourite.  They seem to keep up with some trends too - having Viper, TRX, etc. as well.  They've also got some good classes, from spinning to "zumba".... The showers tend to be clean - in fact, I see the staff cleaning all the time. Also a tiny cafe - though mostly for fuel, not cuisine - and a little wifi too (though a little limited and slow).  Overall, a very good gym.
3 Ok, I admit it, I double-timed. On my gym. I'm currently a member of the Edinburgh University gym at Pleasance, but the boy was offered to bring along a friend or two for a free day pass at Virgin Active. Who was I to refuse?  I couldn't help but compare the Virgin Active gym to my gym side-by-side. I mean, if I was trying to be convinced to leave my own, I had to weigh up the pros and cons.  First off, the good stuff:  - it's central location, attachment to the Omni centre cinema and restaurants. Tis good. - the full range of classes available - good opening hours (from early till late) - they give free towels! My gym doesn't provide towels at all, even paid - major gripe in my books. - the showers are nice, as are the changing rooms (if a little cold) - there seems to be quite a lot of equipment - they have a pool inside the main building (my gym's pool is in a different building and only available for access 3 hours a day, at random times). - there's a café serving Artisan Roast coffee (!), protein shakes, fruit, baked potatos, salads. - there's free wifi.  And then the stuff that, knowing the premium price, I wasn't so impressed by:  - Compared to the Edinburgh University gym, there seemed to be a lot less equipment and rooms. There is one big room that all the cardio machines, free weights,, and weight machines are in. Edinburgh University gym has a big cardio room, a whole room dedicated to weight machines, a 'free gym' with mats, weights, and more cardio equipment, an Olympic weights room, another few rooms upstairs etc. - The equipment wasn't as easily accesible making my workout a bit trickier. Again, my gym has a room with lots of work out mats each with it's own workout bench, and dumbbells in the middle of the room. This gym has some steps /benches tucked in a corner with no obvious space of where to use them, so I had to get one, set it up in a random space etc. - It's indoors with almost no natural light. The main gym area is big and tall-ceilings, but the reception and café area are underground and it feels a bit odd. I like that my gym has views over Arthur's Seat and feels in touch with outside.  Overall it is definitely pitched at the 9 - 5, working professional type. It's central, it has loads of classes taking the headache out of trying to choose how to get fit, it has the convenience of wifi, a café, a pool all there, the showers are nice, the free towels are good.  But in honesty, I prefer my gym. Parts of it are more studenty, but it actually seems to provide more equipment, more space, and take working out itself more seriously. As a University facility, there are teams for every sport imagineable, they recently upgraded a lot of the equipment. And also because it's mainly students there's less 'fashion' and more 'sweat'. Students can't afford Nike Plus extra amazing awesome shoes and matching coloured leggings. So I fit in nicely with my washed out tshirt and lack of make-up.  Considering the price difference - £22 / month at the University f you sign up for a full year's direct debit, to £50 / month at Virgin Active, it's kind of a no brainer for me.
4 As much as I protest the opposite, I'm apparently something of a worry bunny. And apparently when I worry, I get tense. And this tension turns my shoulders and upper back to a big knot of ouch.  I sadly cannot afford the luxury of monthly spa visits. But I have, on occasion, saved up my pennies and gone for a massage to ease all the knots and as a proper stress relief. I've tried two other spas in Edinburgh specifically for massages and both times left lighter in the pocket, no less eased in the back, and if anything even more unhappy due to how poor the experience was.  Not at HeavenV. I was lucky enough to receive a voucher for a neck, shoulder and back massage here for Christmas. I'm sure the masseurs name was Kim. And oh my. Her hands were magic.  I specified 'firm' for the massage, and firm she was. At points it was sore, really sore. But I could tell that as she was massaging she was picking up on the bits that clunked the most, and really worked on them. Thoroughly. So by the end of the massage, the knots had gone! She commented I was really tight in areas, which has never happened before either. I almost proposed to her there and then, my back felt so light!  Two weeks on and I'm knotted up again. But for once, I KNOW where I'm going to go and that I'm going to feel better after it. I'm still needing to save pennies and it's no regular habit, but I don't begrudge spending the pennies at all.  The Spa itself isn't the most luxurious spa I've been to. It's city centre, housed within the Virgin gym, in the basement. The toilets are back up some stairs, and attached to the gym, and not glamorous. For a girls' Spa evening, or a proper indulgent treat I wouldn't say the ambience here is what you'd go for.  But for a regular masseuse, I couldn't ask for anything better.
3 Maybe I am not experienced enough in the gym scene to comment properly. Through my time with Virgin, I noticed a few things, though.  For someone who needs a bit of a push, the instructor makes all the difference. Virgin OMNI has some very good ones. Some solid ones. And some - one should avoid. Not that different than in other aspects of life. The key is to find the good ones and be able to stick with them. There is no point in working hard on wrong things. How would you like to find out that for years you had been cultivating all the wrong moves in badminton? Well, I did. (that is another story). On the cons side, the gym management does not seem to value loyalty. I have seen excellent instructors leave way too often. It is always painful whenever that happens. It may be a nature of the business itself, but I just cannot see why any gym management would not take greater care of the most valuable resources they have? Despite what many joining members may believe, it is not machinery and space that makes all the difference. Yes, equipment and facility are important, but people make all the difference.  I believe Virgin could do more on recognizing instructor talent and keeping them. That brings me to the second point - they are big on recruiting new members, but not so great at keeping them. It is as if getting you in was enough. Crowds of new faces all the time. I learned that they even can predict after-summer peak, hugely boosted by the students intake, which flatters right before Xmas, then peaks again immediately after - call that a post-new-year-resolution crowd. Many do not stick around for long. That is why the Virgin sales team can be assured of their job security. But I find this short-termism fundamentally wrong in the business that should be about long term investement in your health. Is that just me? Or is that a mere response to a quick fix mentality? A twisted sense of customer focus. Quantity over quality. Huge retention.  Great place for short term guilty trip gym fix. Takes some effort and determination to rip the benefits - long term.
2 OK i appreciate that Virgin Active is not the cheapest gym in any city. At around £50+ a month it is a big outgoing. Despite this i was a member of virgin active Glasgow for 2 years until moving to Edinburg.  Virgin active Glasgow is very spacious, bright and clean space. good opening times and excellent classes with an online booking system. Facilities included 3 class room, loads of modern equipment, pool, climbing wall and free parking.   The other main benefit is that you can use any virgin active in the UK. Since moving to Edinburgh though i have been rather disappointed with Virgin Active Omni. The membership cost is higher than Glasgow. They have no free parking and any parking in the city centre is very expensive making going to the gym before and after work impractical. They have no climbing wall and a smaller pool and individual spaces for classes, but most annoyingly for such a modern club they have no online booking system. Almost all evening classes are very popular and therefore pre-booking is a must but the only way to do so is to go into the gym on the day of the class and pick up a token. Now as they have no ability to park you have to walk there, I and probably most who work around Edinburgh cant do this in the middle of the day.   I feel this is a big failing for Virgin Active and last time i spoke to the staff they had no plans to instal an online booking system like the other UK clubs.  It is still an ok gym but not as good and more expensive that the other 3-4 clubs throughout the UK i have used.  I would carefully consider the above before joining especially if you are going on past experiences of other Virgin Active Clubs.  I would however happily recommend the Glasgow club as 5 stars and hope the Omni club improves its standard or lowers its prices.
5 Having been to my fair share of gyms over the years this has to be one of the best. Always enjoyed my workouts here. I should add this review is based on when I was a member 18 months a ago before I left Edinburgh now I am a member at its sister gym at fountain park anyway back to this gym.  Positives: Good opening hours you can go early morning late at night and all that's in-between ( my college gym doesn't open till 7:30 and then you have to be out between 9-4 cause of classes)  Lots of  cardio equipment so you can always find a machine even during the busiest times. A good range or weight machines can work the whole body. Wide choice of classes there are always the latest thing on offer. Boxing/ MMA room just off the main floor. Good sized studios for classes. friendly welcoming staff, Yvonne the gym instructor who did my 6 week plan with me was really nice and helpful. Sauna and steam room good size and temp with cold showers outside. Can only speak for the men's one of course. Always clean. Towels provided that makes life so much easier no carrying bulky wet towels around all day. And for a small fee you could rent a permanent locker so you can leave shoes protein powder at the gym all you need to take is shorts ant-shirt.  The negatives: Not many but the free weight are wasn't great poor layout for a gym with lots of space. The kettle bell area was just kind of squeezed in like an after thought. The price once you get over 25 is a bit much for the place but only just.  So overall I would recommend this place to working busy professionals, lots of corporate members here.
