3 This place is where Kan's Kitchen used to be.  I drove by there tonight on the way home from work and decided to drop by to check it out.  I wasn't planning to dine in so I just went in to check out their BBQ items.  Their whole chickens (soya sauce and salted flavor) were too small and not worth it for the price of $18.50.  So I opted for the BBQ duck, which was also the same price.  I also ordered their Zhao's Style marinated pork stomach.  Both items were actually quite tasty. The pork stomach had marinated peanuts in it.  If you need a BBQ fix, give this place a try.  This place opens till 6 in the morning daily.  I will have to come back and try some of their other items. Their menu is quite extensive.  Now Asian BBQ across the street (Jones) will have some competition.
2 We came here for Chinese New Year's Dinner with the whole family.  I wasn't too impressed with the food and my stomach told me that as well later on in the night. We had ordered half a suckling pig which was the best thing that was on the table. Everything else seemed overly greasy and even the shrimp fried rice had a funny taste.   Service is what you expect at a typical Chinese restaurant...or rather lack of service. My husband's family ended up buying some of the roast pork to go for dinner last night and it was delicious. Unfortunately, I would say try the roast pork, but other than that don't waste your time.
2 Normally my family is particular about sticking to the tried and true Chinese restaurants. It is rare to get my mom and dad to deviate from their regular rotation. When my dad suggested this place, it took me by surprise. The Yelper in me is always in search of a hidden gem.  HK Garden is not that kind of place. It is jammed pack with tables of screaming, uncontrollable children. The Asian teacher in me wanted to expel some corporal punishment, but decided against it. A few stern looks were enough to get them into the seat next to their mother.   The service is lacking. Of course, it is lacking, it is a Chinese restaurant. Of course, I am going to get ignored when I need them most.   The food is a hit or a miss.   The seafood and tofu hot pot: hit.  The mapo tofu: miss. The porks blood and intestine hot pot: hit. The HK sweet and sour spare ribs: miss. The whole fried flounder: hit.  Apparently if $40+ is spent, you get a free entree. We got the flounder. There is something else for $80+.
4 This place is not bad; we came here for lunch cuz our family friends wanted to treat us before we leave Vegas. We ordered a bunch of cold dishes and I was actually pretty impressed with their sichuan dishes (even though it's called HK Garden, go figure). Anyway, we did try their seafood, including stir fried lobster and steamed grouper. The fish was really good, but the lobster was pretty average. The only other dish that I can remember was the Ong Choy in fermented bean curd sauce, and that was probably the best I've had so far. Because of this dish, I'm giving this place a 4-star rating, otherwise it would've easily been a 3-star restaurant in my book.  Anyway, probably would not be back here again, not worth a trip because of a veggie dish, but you never know. I may be in the mood for that again, some day.
4 They have great selections of lunch specials ranging from $4.95 to $6.95.   We ordered salt and pepper pork chops (a must try! Good portion size for a lunch special), steamed pork with salted fish (it was good but I prefer the one from KJ Kitchen), bittermelon with spareribs (ordinary), Singaporean style noodles (very tasty).   I gave this establishment a 4-star because of the service. The waitresses were not very attentive.   All in all good food and great portion size for a lunch special in a Chinese restaurant.
3 This place isn't so bad. Open til the wee morning hours which makes this place popular. I came here with my mom and ordered the lobster which came out very nice.  All HK food is the same to me, but the service is nice and things were fairly clean. I'd come back only if someone else wanted to but not on my own preference.
4 10 of us started off New Year's Eve with a late afternoon feast of peking duck (two, if you please), bar-b-que pork fried rice, pork fried rice, bok choy with garlic, broccoli in oyster sauce, sweet and sour chicken, roasted pork belly, and white rice.  Our feast began with a delicate house soup - the broth reminded me of consommé and was actually quite lovely.  When the peking duck arrives, it is carved table-side and then fresh, juicy slices with the skin still on are placed atop fresh steam buns that were kissed with a hint of (hoisen?) sauce and garnished with cucumber.  Heaven!  We devoured these like it was our last meal.  The vegetables were cooked so they still had a nice bite to them (not soggy - blah), the fried rice was very good (again, not soggy), and the pork was beautifully crisp on the top and juicy tender in the middle.  What put this over the top for four stars was the peking duck - being carved/served table side on fresh steam buns with a bright, crisp garnishment was wonderful!  The duck was excellent.  Happy New Year!
4 Their seafood is really fresh. I like to get their Pearl Clam for $12. It's enough to split with another person. The scallion just brings out the freshness of the clam with the juices of the sea. I really like their combos as well.  I can get some duck, some roasted suckling pig and rice. The roasted suckling pig's skin layer is like chicharron. The meat is juicy and moist.I am also able to get soup before the meal begins. Their soup is simmering the whole day. You want to go later for the soup to get the most flavorful lotus roots, carrots and pork in the soup, but you don't want to go too late that you don't get  any lotus roots, carrots and pork.   I have had their duck wings. I am a big fan of duck wings. Many people don't like duck wings because it's like eating crab... a lot of work for a bit of meat, but I really enjoy these duck wings. They're made with what would be translated to "old water" soy sauce. The flavor is immersed into the wings. The texture... smooth.  I often see the same people going here again and again, usually servers who get off work from other restaurants and want to enjoy a late night meal. They usually sit at the same table too. I have my table there as well.   I didn't really enjoy their beef chow fun. That would be my one wish, that they could make better beef chow fun...
5 Food was delicious.  Service was on point.  Would definitely return.
3 The restaurant is a nice-looking, with a pretty well-furnished and clean, if a bit crowded, set-up. This is probably what I liked best about the place. The food is reasonably good too, although maybe a little on the oily, chewy side; the cold cuts are really good, the soup was questionable, and the duck was so-so.  I'm very particular about the house tea, and they had great tea here, so plus points for that!  The service is lukewarm at best. I didn't feel very comfortable as a guest here, since I like to have even just a bit of interaction with the servers, at the very least a greeting...  My family seems to like it, so I'll probably be back again to see if my discomfort goes away, but only when I get dragged over after a visit to 168, probably.
4 Food is good but portions are kind of small. Price is fair
5 Best Cantonese Food Locally in Las Vegas.  Inexpensive like other place at Dinner time.  Portion is great, food is not that oily, service is good.  Best Peking Duck I had in Vegas.
1 Normally order take out from here because it open late. At least once week or every other week. But my last experience with them is my last. Why you may ask? Because there was aluminum sponge wires in my food . The ones you clean the wok with.  Trash the food and rip their take out menu.  Eat at your own risk. Me and this place never again.
4 This place was really Chinese - enough that I kind of felt out of place, so I guess you can safely say that its authentic Cantonese food. We got beef chow fun dry, which was kind of funky tasting - not spoiled (I hope) but the beef just tasted funny. The fried tofu w gai lan and fungus was surprisingly good. My Chinese friend said its the only place in town she's found that serves the fungus - interesting, they're chewy and look like mini versions of the natural sponges you use as wash cloths.   Food is cheap I think both dishes were $8 each and you get free soup and dessert so it's a 3 course meal for $8 if you eat in. The free soup wasn't just pork bones and cabbage like other Chinese places - it had big pieces of pork, lotus root and carrots. My friend called it MSG water, but whatever it was free, so no complaints here. Dessert was a warm tapioca soup - tasted like there was bean paste in it too.   The BBQ offerings look promising, I'm definitely going back to try that sometime. I saw on the menu that they do whole roasted pigs for $200. May need to consider that for the next big party. They also had a baby pig option for I think $160
5 I stopped by randomly one night and was pleased to see they had a late night special. -(after 9pm half off) I ordered one of my favorite dishes, Singapore rice noodles. Plenty of food and plenty of curry! I really enjoyed it and the price was right-$6!
5 Hong Kong Garden is AMAZING! The food was perfect, the service was on point, and the atmosphere was very welcoming. Everything on their menu is a must try at Hong Kong Garden because everything here is so delicious! It is definitely authentic! I would definitely go here whenever I want my Chinese food fix.Craving Chinese food? Go to Hong Kong Garden!
5 If you need a place to get the freshest and most authentic Chinese food in town, Hong Kong Garden Seafood & BBQ Cafe is the place to go. Whether you are craving peking duck, lobster, or even freshwater eel, this restaurant will definitely fulfill your cravings. Whenever I go here, I get THE freshest seafood and I am never disappointed with their dishes. There was this AMAZING waitress here that was able to provide me with extraordinary service and a welcoming atmosphere. I've been to a lot of Chinese restaurants here in Vegas and nothing compares to Hong Kong Garden. I highly recommend this place if you are looking for a place with fresh and authentic Chinese food!
1 Had egg drop soup, salt pepper pork chop, lettuce wraps, Chinese broccoli... Wasn't impressed by any of it.
5 Five stars based on the food we had! -- BBQ half duck, Pepper beef and walnut shrimp. Everything tasted fresh and yummy. House was packed. Menu was huge. Prices reasonable for the quality and quantity. We will definitely dine here again!  Service is another story, about 3 stars-- but go for the food, not the service!
4 This is a nice chinese restaurant a lil bit off the strip. Went for lunch at about noon and it was poppin'. They had the lunch specials that was like 7 bucks a plate. Not bad at all. We ended up getting a total of 8 plates, fed 8 ppl for 65 bucks. Not bad at all!!
5 We are regulars here and we love the restaurant. Everything here is awesome, soups, fried rice, duck, pork, cumin lamb all delicious. Service is prompt, prices are good, they take Visa and Mastercard and you have great open shopping center parking. They are also open all night so pop in for a bite.
5 The peking duck was so delicious!  Their menu selection is huge and everything we ordered was really good! Honey walnut shrimp, string beans with xo sauce, lettuce wrap, beef chow fun... Yummy! Highly recommended!
4 I came to HK garden with large group for lunch at their private room. There is Karaoke equipment inside the private room in case you need some kind of entertainment besides food hahaaa. Everything I had was pretty authentic. My favorite dishes were pecking duck, lettuce duck wrap and steak on sizzling plate. This was actually my first time to have duck lettuce wrap. (Most Chinese restaurants serve shrimp lettuce wrap.) It was really flavorful and juicy. I enjoyed it a lot. I would probably bump HK garden to 4.5 stars for their good service. Our waitress refilled our hot tea more than 4 times during the meal and was very efficient. I will be back for more duck lettuce wrap!
5 loved this place,everything is reasonable priced..and flavorful...been here many times, never being disappointed by em...singapore noodles is the MUST...althogh the restaurant is not that fancy...
4 Food was delicious.  I love their Peking duck and walnut shrimp.  Service was on point.  Would definitely return.
4 decent authentic cantonese food. peking duck was really good. reasonable price with big portion. open till 6am with late night menu. good choice for late night cravings and after party goers.
5 Love this local authentic Cantonese seafood restaurant. Great food great service
4 Soup of the day and peking duck was yummmyyy
4 I'm a big fan of this Chinese place, they have some of the tastiest duck/Peking duck in Vegas.   All the dishes are relatively cheap with large portions.  They have a BBQ deli area where you can order to go as well as sit down dining.  This is one of the smaller Chinese spots so not a large banquet hall like HK star.  All the dishes I've had have been good if not better than places like KJ kitchen and HK star.  One of the dishes that was stand out was the ginger/green onion sauce clams.  Delicious....only wish there were more!  The flavors were pretty spot on for the fried rice, seafood chow mein, beef chow fun.  I'm a big fan of the snow pea leaves stir fried with garlic as well.  The salt and pepper pork chops were tasty as well, and not over MSGed...we all know there's MSG sprinkled on these and there's no avoiding it!  I would say the food is on par with KJ kitchen and HK star but the prices might be a tad bit lower for some of the dishes.
5 First time at HK Gardens... it won't be the last !!! Hot n Sour soup was excellent !!! Singapore Noodles were also delicious. Service was great and prices were very reasonable! They even gave us Free Dessert !!! Highly recommend, can't wait to go back !!
5 Impeccable food and service. Regardless of regular dinners or night meals, they are simply the first choice for us as they almost open all the time(until 6am!) For a picky Chinese palate, this is the best place to be satisfied at good prices.
5 Authentic Food- Check Service - Check  Go before 5pm and after 9pm to order great food from the discount menu.  Las Vegans are so spoilt with Cantonese restaurants such as this gem.    Don't miss black bean with fish fillet, YUM! Scallops with black pepper on hot plate Pea sprouts with garlic
1 Lady was so rude to me on the phone that it caused me to not go. Such a shame that ive seen a lot of good reviews and i really wanted to give this place a try. Food isnt everything. Garbage service = no service.
1 Servers are so rude , especially the girl she used to work at Chang restaurant  I never come back. Horrible service ! So many Chinese restaurant in Vegas why we need to take that kind of hassle when we come here ? Go to KJ  kitchen , much better
4 yes the food is incredibly authentic chinese but it has been discovered and now extremely busy. come early to avoid the madness and crowds.
5 Found our new Chinese restaurant...it's cheap like LA Chinatown..the people aren't friendly(which is what I am used to) but they cook their food right..I ordered mandarin pork chop, salt and pepper shrimp, seafood pan fried noodles, pan fried flounder all for under $40 and I have left overs that would feed another 3 people..I'm satisfied with my wallet and my pallet..
1 Typical chinese restaurant, medium size of restaurant so many guest but only 2 servers. Only 1 who take orders. The wait for the food is pretty long. When I asked the server, about the food, she didn't bother to respond. Food finally came after 35 min uses of waiting. Food is typical chinese nothing special.  Alright.. i got to ADD to my review. This written 7 hours later. I got sick right after I was out from this restaurant. In fact, my tummy was not feeling great while I was eating my lunch. therfore I didn't finish my food then. Both my son and I got stomach ache. I almost vomit in front of my car and try to stay positive about it (thinking can not be from this restaurant) but after 7 hours, I must said got to be some fish filled or shrimp that I ate, they may not be fresh. Overall, this restaurant is not worth it, bad service and bad food. Too bad I have to take one star out of my review.
5 Hongkong style food! Delicious original taste....located in Las Vegas with LA price and very good service. If you just miss HK food, drive here instead of jumping onto a Cathay Pacific seat, save your $.
4 Went here two Saturday nights ago. Very busy but that is what drew us in. We had planned on dining at the center across the street, however, due to lack of parking we crossed the street to the center where Hong Kong Garden was. We drove by and saw almost every table was filled and with Asian people (good sign for a Asian restaurant). So we dined here.   I would probably give it four and a half . The service was abrupt. Which didn't bother me but they were all business. Very matter of fact, quick service quick food but not rude just felt busy.  But they offered us free soup, we didn't have it because we ordered fish maw but it was still nice they offered and we were provided with some free dessert. I still don't know what the dessert was, it was a yellow sweet broth with what seemed to be a chicken base and maybe some sort of root vegetable in it.   They seemed very authentic as to what the menu offered. Many dishes such as duck tongue etc. We had the eggplant hot pot, the beef was a little too fatty for me but hubby loved it. I guess fat = flavor, however, I still would have preferred it a little leaner. The eggplant was good too, and there was not thick sweet cornstarch coating as in most fast food Chinese places.  Also, we had the BBQ half duck - yum! and a great price I believe we paid around $10. About a quarter of it was too bony though with little to no meat, but that is to be expected for duck. The table next to us had giant clam - it looked very impressive.   The fish maw was bland but the waitress informed us it is popular, just not our taste.   Worth a try if you are looking for authentic Hong Kong style cuisine...
3 Ok place for late night. Came here right after a chinese concert (Hacken Lee) on Feb 07, 2014. Pretty packed. Luckily got there with last open table otherwise had quite a bit of people waiting afterwards.   This restaurants sports a cooked food and bbq area. Variety of cooked foods available to be ordered to-go.   They had a lack of waitresses this night. As if they didnt expect the sudden rush. I was told they they are pretty busy at late night times, normally so didnt make sense to only have like 2 waitresses run around the entire restaurant.   Prices were pretty good (late night special).   First thing first (like every other chinese restaurant), the soup ! omg salty. first sip, ahhh omg its quite salty. like they didnt expect the rush of people, added a bunch of salt and water to increase the size of their soup pot... not good x_x   1/2 a roast duck - $9.95 - roasted on site, im pretty sure. probably from earlier on the day though. skin was a bit tough to get through, wasnt crispy. we had asked for the sauces to be on the side as well, to keep the skin from soaking it all up but that didnt help the skin either. the smaller drumstick that attaches to the wing, had quite the few hairs/feathers left (picture doesnt really show but if you look at the smaller drumstick in the middle, it was almost covered in the hairs).   Spicy liver thing - $6.95 - lots of dried red peppers cooked with onions and livers. At first glance, we were like "wahhh that looks spicy..." but we were quite disappointed. wasn't spicy at all. (sad face). flavor was pretty good but we wished it was spicy as the name had suggested, i believe.   Bitter melon & Fish - $6.95 - uhhh not a fan of bitter melon. more bitter than what my mom cooks at home. but either way, still not a fan of bitter melon. fish was the tilapia? filets you can buy at like the asian grocery stores, frozen.   Chicken w/ taro pot - $6.95 - the chicken, you can tell was a little fried, or cooked prior to being put in the pot with the taro. It was a bit tough/overcooked and dry. The taro was good but there was a little amount. Dish also includes some small pieces of ginger, mushrooms, and chinese sausage. Ok dish but mainly because i like taro. Chicken was eh.   Overall. Ok experience. Not sure if id come here again. Prices were pretty good during late night specials.
4 Visited twice with friends. It's a great place to take your friends who enjoy authentic Chinese food. The prices are amazingly cheap but the flavors are not and the portions are generous. We ordered the duck & crispy pork (my fav) combo, cold whole chicken (including the head), eggplant, green beans, chow-fun and fried tofu. I ate till I couldn't anymore. Needless to say there was enough for take home. The restaurant was clean and well kept. Great spot for a lunch stop. BTW: they give away free soup at lunch. You won't be disappointed.
4 Came here after a late night party session. I honestly don't remember much BUT I remember the food being really good and the service was excellent. They even let us bring in a Hennessy bottle to drink while we ate.
3 Great price! Loved the food plus the price. Definitely loved the pork belly. The only thing I was very disapointed was the Salt and Pepper Pork Chop. When I ate this dish at Hong Kong Garden, there was tons if fat, oil, and starch inside the pork chop that I decided not to eat anymore. Compare to my other favorite chinese restaurant, has more taste, less fat, less oil, less starch, and more crispy. But overall the service and wait time was good.
2 Went there for lunch time. I think they didn't like to serve us at all. They jus put the plate on the table and walked away without asking anything ok for u guys or u need anything else. Brought out the drink without the straw . When we asked for that, they jus like ok don't ask anything anymore. Made me so uncomfortable on that day. I will never come back to that anymore.
1 I was with my friends karaoke last night and afterwards we got hungry and this is the only place near that's open that late at night. There were few tables still eating, not too busy, But waitress is rude, I'd give no star for service if I could. Food is fairly reasonable price, taste like any other Cantonese that's around. Don't expect any service, I'd suggest order take home.
4 Chinese food is legit here.  You know how?  If mom says the rice is good, then that means they know what they are doing here! It's all about the rice.   What we had on separate occasions: -Roast Duck and Roast Pork combo plate - I really liked the roast pork because it was basically roasted pork belly, sliced thin with crispy skin. The duck was meaty and tasty, but we did get some pieces that were not meaty. I guess, they all can't be meaty.  -Green beans and scallops with XO sauce - the flavors were good but I would need to ask for it to be spicier next time.  -Salt and Pepper Pork - I did not enjoy this because I found that most of the pieces were mainly fat. About 50% meat and 50% fat.  -Stone Crab porridge - this is not on the menu and you need to talk to the server about their specialties. I think they may have just made this up? It was incredible because I got to eat the yummies in the shell!   There is also a pre-prepared food counter if you need to pick up Chinese BBQ and food, fast.   I would definitely come back, for some more roasted pork and crab.
5 One of my most favorite place's to eat..specially late night because they have the best prices on the late night menu and big portions too..and they taste very good specially the Singapore style noodles and the five spice beef..pretty much what ever you get, it can't go wrong even if it did everything's kind of cheap anyway...they have a huge menu so many different things to try...but when i go there i always see Chinese people ordering way different stuff from what we order only if i can figure out what they eat lol...
4 Graveyard Specials!! Price was reasonable & their food was delicious. Server was polite and helpful when asked questions about the food. Love this place.
1 Brother was eating here and told me to order me a take out.  Plastic string is in my food. This  is the second time finding shit in my food.  Eatters beware.
5 This is a fabulous Cantonese style Chinese restaurant.  My friends are from china and they love it.  Is fantastic for American palate as well.  You can pick out your fish and lobster alive from their tanks.  They have a private karaoke room in the back that is available if you call ahead and makes for a great evening.
2 We only had two nights in LV and we wasted our calories here for dinner.    The soup of the day was tasty.    Clams with green onions and ginger was thickly sauced.  I can still feel the sandy grit in my teeth.  The green onions were the best part of the dish.    Fried tofu stuffed with shrimp needed more flavor.  Good thing it came with sauce.    Roast pork was thinly sliced and could have used more flavor. It was sliced thicker than paper but we could have used more pork.  I don't even think the meat weighed more than a quarter pound.    Yee fu noodles were so so.   They had the largest and heaviest water glasses ever. The place was packed with Chinese peeps.  Those peeps have different taste standards.    Bottom line = needs more flavor.
3 This place taste way better when your drunk. Came here with the fambam, sober. Ordered so much food but nothing stuck out to me. We ordered practically everything on menu -- snails, crab, duck, curry, fried pork, shrimp, fish, etc..   We were a large party so we were given a private room. I could not understand a word our server was saying! We just kept repeating what we were saying which was getting kind of confusing!   The staff was nice though. We had a birthday cake with us and they gave us birthday candles to put on em! They accommodated our needs when they were needed.   Place is cheap too!
5 Great place for authentic Chinese food (Not P.F Chang style). The price of the food is affordable and the service is good. I seen reviews complaining about the service but it is what you will expect from a fast paced chinese restaurant "Come, enjoy the food, be happy and get out". They are always busy and people are waiting at the door to get a table.
3 They have $4.95-and-up specials after 9pm, and since we had just arrived by then, we decided to order the late-night options. Apparently there's a special menu for them; when we ordered, the waitress there (short hair, middle-aged) told us that the dishes were small and heavily encouraged us to order more. We had a party of 5, so we ended up ordering 7 or 8 dishes. When the food came, the dishes weren't small at all! They were regular, full-sized entrees, and because we didn't want to get charged for the regular price, we asked another waitress (with the glasses, very helpful and informed) to make sure. She told us that all of the dishes were simply cheaper at late-night-- no difference in portion, just in price. Our first waitress had lied to us! There was definitely too much that we couldn't finish, so we ended up sending back a dish (which another waiter very graciously did for us). The food was decent, the late-night prices were good,  but the blatant inconsistency in service was reason enough not to go back for another meal.
4 love the food, Peking duck, Mongolian beef, beef and brocoli are all great. Come late night for a big discount on the menu.
4 Here are a few good ones (pics posted by other yelpers): 1. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hong-kong-garden-seafood-and-bbq-cafe-las-vegas#uqsCLBcDZ8VBcDWzSAY4kw 2. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hong-kong-garden-seafood-and-bbq-cafe-las-vegas#Cvjd2laRJU_BeCL3NatqUA 3. Seafood chow fun 4. chicken gizzards and peanuts . Holy smoke, the peanuts were extremely good. It deserved a 5-star rating.
