5 WOW!!! anything i throw at them they can do! I want pockets in my jacket, they make pockets. I dream up a dress, top or pants they MAKE THEM FOR ME PERFECTLY!!!  I recently lost a good amount of weight and was worried my expensive designer pieces would be a lost cause, but now i feel like i have a new wardrobe. There are a lot of places that just alter , they make my pieces fit my body BETTER than when i bought them. I had a horrible rip in my Chanel bag and asked if it could be patched, of course they took it a step further and with expert craftsmanship repaired it to my disbelief.    I also cant resist the boutique!!! SO many must haves at reasonable prices. Usually boutiques all seem to carry the same pieces but not here! They have something for everyone!!I am a customer for life.
5 I am so happy I came here! The woman is a pro. She is honest and sharp but still very sweet, and she's not afraid to make suggestions. I'm so glad I listened to her because my clothes look better on me now than I could have imagined! I will definitely be coming back!! :)
5 Came here on the suggestion of my sister and brother-in-law. I had two cute, but inexpensive dresses that I wanted tailored. The lady that helped me was sweet, profession and put me at ease. The dresses came out fantastic! I plan to go back!
5 I had a tailor in Los Angeles for years, and I have been here 12 years, and I have been to approximately 4 tailors, none of them really up to par, and some of them were very expensive.  This Master Tailor is amazing, they can do anything, and they make everything perfect and so professional.  I love them....and for the work they do, their prices are very reasonable.  I have taken my items (women's clothes), and my husband's trousers, and everything was done perfect....definitely try them, I promise you will be hooked.  They also can make clothes, and I am not an easy fit, and they have made me some beautiful things.
1 This place exemplifies a terrible lack of customer service.  While they do good work, they will likely quote you an already exorbitant price and then raise the price 50% when it's time to pick up your order.  They charged me $245 to tailor two suits!  It was originally supposed to be $160 total.  They would not honor the price they originally quoted, and I had nothing in writing as I trusted them since my company sends them business.   Not anymore!!!!
5 Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! You made my step-daughter's day. She waited til the last minute to get some straps sewn unto a dress for an 8th grade dance and you did it in a matter of a couple of hours. The dress is now appropriate for a 14 year old. She looks beautiful in it. Thank you so very much.
