4 This is the largest D & C boutique for women and men to open in the US.  It is located inside beautiful Crystals within the CityCenter complex.  Everything here is laid out beautifully, and it has been pretty close to heaven on earth as far as shopping is concern.  Just looking at the store and the store front made of glass, showcasing the brand's traditional elements:  dresses, handbags illuminated by bright lights (women's store) or slick suits (men's side), felt like I was at a museum for contemporary fashion.  I found out about this newly opened D & C location, and decided to drop in while checking out what Chinese New Year decor has been put up in Crystals and other nearby casinos.  I was very impressed with the look and layout of the store, which features apparel, accessories and fine jewelry.    Qian, one of the sales associate (women's) was very friendly and told me about the men's store that is also soon to debut inside Crystals, and it is supposed to be even bigger!  I can't wait to shop at what will top the current reigning D & C women's boutique flagship store, occupying 65,000 squared feet of luxury retail space.  -- UPDATE 3-4-2012 -- Came here late last week, since I was early for dinner with Yelpers.  I didn't intend to buy anything, but to see what suits and other items are at the men's D & G store.  And they do have some very nice suits.  Service is great.  Very attentive.  If more sales associates were helping and someone ordered pizzas, it would be like the scene from Pretty Women.  Price as expected is in the luxury arena, but they do have sales twice a year.  Which I am looking forward to, now that I am on their contact list.
4 Gorgeous boutique with runway pieces in the back including all the newest accessories - was fantastic viewing S/S2012 in person. Staff was super-friendly, fun and thoughtful. Store is well laid-out and spacious. Definitely recommend for serious eye candy.
4 While window-shopping at Crystals, the girlfriend and I broke the threshold and stepped inside of the Dolce & Gabbana store.  The D&G actually consists of two retail operations in different parts of Crystals, one dedicated to men's clothing and the other to women's.  The store was modern and tastefully elegant with a full line of men's fashions from suits to shirts to shoes and accessories.  Truth be told, I wouldn't normally be found in a store like that, but it never hurts to look (and dream) especially when you're on vacation in Vegas.  Plus, the gf would like to see me in things beyond jeans and a t-shirt.  The sales "consultant", Tomo, was polite, personable and attentive without a hint of pushiness or impatience.  I know I very likely didn't look like their normal, serious D&G customer, but it's nice to be served like you're a VIP.  If I could afford to wear Dolce & Gabbana, this is the place I'd go.
