3 Locos taco is amazing.
4 I really like this location.  It is conviently located near Nellis AFB but away from the more seedy area.  I eat here about twice a month and have never had a rude staff member at either the drive thru or inside.  Clean!!  So hard to find on Craig Road.  Yes its fast food but the Cantina bowl is awesome and rocks my socks!
5 My fav fast food for tacos!!  This location is pretty fast and accurate.. The traditional crunchy tacos & double decker tacos are the best!!
3 I've always been a sucker for Mexican food--fast or slow made.  To me either kind of taco and burrito is usually satisfying.  So, I'm glad Taco Bell exists for some Mexican fare that is quick and good when one is on the run.  Thus I gobbled down a Burrito Supreme, Crunchy Taco Supreme, and large drink, followed by a 99 cent  Crunchy Taco and $1.09 Bean Burrito here while Diane was undergoing a CT Scan at Nellis AFB in the midst of an ER visit, before heading right back  to the hospital.  The #1 Combo supplemented by another taco and another burrito (I was famished!) nicely filled the bill.  Staff were friendly and helpful, and the place was clean.  No truly authentic Mexican victuals here--but still tasty fare in a pinch!  XXX-1/2 overall!
1 They are supposed to close at 2 am however when I came before that time I was told they already started to break things down and was closed for the night. If you close at 2 then close at 2 not before. I was really irritated by that.
4 This taco bell is close t my home and we enjoy it! They've never gotten our order wrong. However they tend to close before they are supposed to but no overall issues.
4 Solid  4 star food is good and well at time can be slow like every drive threw chain in las vegas area witch I am finding out. .  Any who the freeze drinks they make here are worth the trip espic since today was 90 yea I know 90 I am complaining about 90 degree weather wa wa... However on a day like today these where really worth stop I got black cherry freeze soo good I cant remember but back in the day they use to do the root beer flavor freeze's and I think the other was a & w obiv either the heat got to me or just a fun cop out lol. deff worth going just for this  Bring back rootbeer freeze
1 just wanted a quick bite to eat really nothing today just got the xxl nachos and freeze -- I think I got food poising not feeling good will call in am and report
