5 Hands down, the best prices in the valley!
5 I've purchased here several times now, great experience, you go into an office not a retail outlet, you get taken care of immediately without standing in line and the prices are so good you don't have to spend an hour at sportsmans or bass checking up on the inventory. Thank you!!!
5 Love Davidson's Firearms!! Called around town for an XDM .45 compact and found Davidson's to be almost 60 bucks cheaper than the nearest competitor. Went to Davidson's on my lunch break, paid for the gun, did the paperwork and had the gun in about 2 days (had to be ordered). Only one drawback is the size of his place, if you are claustrophobic you might want to wait outside because the place is tiny, but he did mention he is moving to a bigger place soon. I my self wouldn't care if he was selling out of a pantry, Paul the owner is a cool easy going down to earth guy and Davidson's has my business from here on out!!
5 As always, no hassle, best prices, professional courteous service. 20 for 10 deal, can't miss!
5 Great shop. Go here before anywhere else.  I bought a Beretta 9mm after spending all week looking at nearly every store in town.  Bass Pro shops had a sign for the same gun for 60 bucks higher, but where out of stock. Service is great and your not by"sold" anything you don't want. Employees where very professional
4 great customer service.low prices,but short on stock.just watch their backpage and watch what arrives daily.I recommend them if your looking to buy a firearm..Gary M.
5 Super knowledgeable staff, very friendly. I bought my first firearm from here and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. They didn't have the handgun I wanted and like any good sales person they got me the assault rifle I wanted as well.
5 This is a GREAT FFL. I've used them as an FFL 4 times and each time a great experience. Always helpful! Busy at times, but always helpful and friendly. They are your buddy that happens to have an FFL if you know what I mean. Good products, good prices, friendly knowledgeable service; what more can you ask for?
5 Davidson's Firearms did an FFL transfer on a rifle for me yesterday.  The process was quick & smooth...I was done in about 10 minutes.  Only $20 for the transfer & that's good for up to 3 firearms!   I had never heard of Davidson's, but found them through Budsgunshop.com where they have a 5 star rating.  I decided to use them as my FFL after shopping at Lock N Load down the street.  L N L had a gun I wanted, but they were asking $650 (add tax to that)  versus $531 (no tax) shipped anywhere nationwide from Buds online.  L N L  has a stupid policy where they refuse to transfer a gun if they have it in stock.  They also refuse to price match if you find better deals elsewhere.  Davidson's doesn't have that ridiculous FFL policy & their pricing is very good.  The staff here are very friendly with integrity.  Davidson's won't sell something you may not want just because they happen to have it readily available.  They will give you their honest opinion on weapons systems that are right for your needs.  For instance, I narrowed my next firearm purchase down to a Sig Sauer 516 Gen 2 or Ruger SR556.  They could've told me that those guns are rubbish (which I know they are not) & tried to sell me something available off their shelf like most places would.  Mike simply confirmed the Sig was an excellent choice & worth waiting for once I found one.  This is a great local gun shop & I will be dealing with them again!
5 One of two places I know in town that sells firearms cheaper than the more popular stores like Lock and Load, American Shooters, The Gun Store, etc... Friendly staff and they will not try to sell you something else if they don't have the gun you are looking for. I will definitely come back.
5 Went there today and bought my new rifle. Nice price - great service. Would go there again. They had a nice selection to choose from. They were bzy but made sure to make you feel like the most important person in the store. The selection was fantastic.
5 Great service - I did a transfer there and they were very helpful.  Even held it for me for a while till I could get back and pick 'em up.
4 Small, but very good selection of fire arms. Oh you don't like guns? Then don't buy any.. Meh.. People here are knowledgeable and helpful, better be a Nevada resident, can't be trying to take some of these baby's back to Cali, gotta love the wild wild west.. If you are going to buy a fire arm, please, please for the love of god take a class, so you know how to load, unload, clean and shoot your weapon. Be a responsible gun owner.
5 I ordered an HK P30 through them last week. I was originally going to use them as an FFL to purchase the firearm through GunBroker. The pricing they offered was far better than getting it shipped in.   Everyone that I dealt with in the store was professional and courteous. They kept me informed about the shipping status and called me to let me know the pistol was ready to pick up a day early!  The computerized "Blue Card" process is very streamlined and efficient. Vastly superior to the pen&ink forms I have always filled out in the past.  I will definitely use them in the future.
5 Very nice owner. Did handgun transfer at the store. Also score a Colt Python during transfer. Will definitely buy again.
