4 This restaurant just recently opened.  I checked out the place today for lunch.  Lunch is served buffet-style, with over 8 different dishes to choose from.  Everything was really good, & many of the dishes are at least a little spicy.  My favorites were the basmati rice, chicken fried rice, hot chicken wings, & chicken tikka masala.  They serve up some naan to the table & that was very good too.  Everything was very rich & flavorful & you can tell they use high quality ingredients for all their dishes.  I special ordered a non-dairy mango lassi & it was delicious!  Vicky was the guy that ran the place there.  He was great!  He didn't give me the feeling he was hovering but he was there to refill my water glass when needed, & he also brought out some chicken kabob from the kitchen for me to try.  That was also delicious!  He also knows how to create some ambiance - when there was a younger crowd that came in, he changed up the music to something that they would like.   This is a great place for some top quality Indian food.  At $5 per person for a lunch buffet (drinks excluded but also extremely reasonable), you can't find anything else that comes close in price & quality.  If you're in the area, you should go check it out!
5 Wow, another brand new Buffet, & is it ever good!  This is a small Pakistani place serving about 40.  The food is unusual compared to the other Indian & Pakistani Buffets in the Valley, a little spicy, & everything I tried was just great!  There were about 20 items out today, which is enough, & some hot flat bread was brought to my table.  The staff is friendly & the Buffet VERY inexpensive at $5.95!  If you have a sense of adventure in your dining, you want this!!     :-))  They keep Halal, open at 11 AM, & are closed Monday.
4 We had missed Aromas which had been in this space. Kabob is a worthy replacement. Went today for the lunch buffet. Very delicious food well prepared. A mango chicken that was fantastic, a goat soup that looked good. The rice is outstanding as was the dal. Had a nice mango lassi. Will definitely go back.
4 It is definitely delicious and worth it for the price of the lunch buffet! However, be warned that that is all they have during lunch. My brother, who had been here before for dinner (no buffet), said there was a completely different atmosphere for dinner and that the food was about 10 times better. Staff is friendly and thought we were cute since we were the only non-Indians around (probably one of the few Chinese groups they too haha). Whatever you do, don't get the sweet paan (some coconut and other stuff wrapped in a leaf of some kind)!! They made it sound wonderful, and I was tricked. I wasted $1 on each of them and left with a mouth tasting like soap (my palette, albeit, clean). Otherwise, good experience. Will have to come back for dinner some time.
4 Great, newly managed, Indian restaurant with an amazing lunch buffet!  My girlfriend and I were looking for a Indian buffet place so that she could experiment with some different Indian cuisine as she is new to Indian; we found this place on Yelp.  The buffet was small but the food was fresh!  The staff was friendly and the owner stopped by to make sure we were enjoying our meals.    Great food, great service and extremely low priced.  We were almost thrown off by a $5.95 lunch buffet (weekdays it's $4.95) ; but decided to give it a shot anyways.  We were very impressed and look forward to going back before the price increases (owner indicated that they were keeping it low to incentivize new patrons).    Wonderful, quaint restaurant in the Chandler area.  Give it a shot!
4 What a bargain this place is, veryyy inexpensive and real indian food. The buffet is really good and the service was very personal, the owner of the restaurant came over several times to our table and gave very good advice on what to get. Everything was fantastic.
3 Went for dinner on a weeknight. Prompt courteous service and decent food.  Low prices.  We did not see a menu just asked for the special.  Great way to try out new food.  We will be back to try the buffet for lunch.
5 Great find.  Authentic delicious food, great service, family owned.  Love it.
5 My wife and I have visited the Kabob & Kurry a number of times, and we have always loved their great food.  Definitely the best $5.95 that I ever spend on lunch!  Unfortunately, the shopping center lacks an anchor tenant so very few people know that this little gem even exists.
4 Very good.   The good: The food quality is top shelf. Made to order. The owner couldn't be nicer, which is rare in Indo/Pakistani places sometimes.   The bad: Small restuarant thrown together on a shoestring budget, the strip center where it is located is kinda dead and somber. The NAan is the only dish that is definitely below average for the food. The food is so good it deserves a nice thin garlicy Naan bread and not that thick pizza dough type they are serving with it.  We will definitely be back.   Note: The buffet, is not a you serve yourself kind, she brings you a fresh sampler platter as you request it and it's great!
3 This review is for dinner that I ordered to go -   I will go back for lunch (buffet style) soon and update my review.  The owners are SUPER nice and friendly.  Chicken Tikka Masala was very tasty, big chunks of premium meat. Spices were good. Only draw back was there werent many pieces of meat, maybe 5-7.  Naan  was slightly above average, two large halves.  Dinner portions seem priced high, since they don't come with rice or naan. I spent $15 for these two items.
5 = = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKEND LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =  These folks are only putting out the buffet on Saturday & Sunday now, starting at 12 noon.  On weekdays, you can order a combo plate and get all the seconds you want, free.  The owner says it's ok if you want three or four different items also.  They just don't want to waste food on days they don't do as much business.  For me, it's worth the wait for Saturday or Sunday & have real Buffet at this excellent little Pakistani restaurant!     :-))
5 We've been here twice. We saw an ad somewhere, and drove over since it's fairly near our home. The restaurant looks like an average small restaurant in an average strip mall. We got there at 11:00 on a Saturday and were told they opened at 12:00. The sign outside said 11:00, but who are we to argue, so we went and wasted time at Goodwill till 12:00. Then we went back.  We almost skipped it, because it didn't look like it would be worth an hours wait., I'm glad we waited. Don't expect a review saying this dish tasted like it was made in Pakistan or that dish as reminiscent of one we had on the shores of some Pakistani river. I don't know the names of the food, and I don't know what it tastes like in whatever country.  It was really good. I don't know what I eat at these places, but I know what I like and I like the food here. There's hummus, which  I DO recognize, and I don't like hummus, but my wife does, and she  liked it a lot,, so I'll defer to her and say it was very good. I had different dishes with chicken, and some with beef, and some meat balls. All were delicious. The thing my wife and I BOTH drooled over was the naan., It's the best I've ever tasted. It's plain naan, not garlic or any other flavoring. It doesn't HAVE to be, it gets its taste from the foods you eat with it.   Please, do yourself a favor and try this place out. We've only been here for the Saturday buffets, but I imagine since the full menu is usually better than the buffets in most places, you can't lose any way you go.
5 Excellent food for reasonable prices. I've been there three times now, and the food has been top quality each time. The place is as unassuming as a restaurant can get, with little in the way of decoration, but the focus is on the personal service and the delicious food. Last time I was there, we were served by the man (I assume the husband of the hostess), and after our meal the hostess ran out into the parking lot after we left to thank us for coming and to apologize for not taking a more active role in our service. She said she was not feeling herself that day, but she hoped we enjoyed our visit. We did indeed enjoy our meal, but I've never had anyone run out of the restaurant for us or (despite the food coming out quickly, hot and delicious and all our needs met in a timely manner) apologize for being less attentive than usual. She's a delight. Each time I've eaten there, she has come over to our table and asked how we came to eat there, asked if we liked the food, asked where we were from and chatted with us. The personal attention we got each time was as heart warming as the peppers in the food.  And now for the main attraction, the food. I've eaten Indian food at several places in Pittsburgh and Chicago, and they're tasty and I enjoy eating them. This food was a whole different experience. If you've ever had authentic mexican food as compared to tex mex or normal americanized mexican food, that was the difference between this and the food I'd had in the other restaurants. The sauces and spices were rich. The rice of the chicken biryani was aromatic and flavorful. I never liked chana masala at other restaurants because the chickpeas overpowered the flavor of the sauce, and were mealy. The chana masala at Kabob & Kurry was delicious! I can't get enough of it. The chickpeas give the dish substance and texture and the velvety spice bouquet of a sauce makes me salivate just remembering it. The great thing about the buffet (aside from the unbeatable price) is the variety. Indian/Pakistani food is best eaten with a variety of dishes so you can mix and contrast the strong yet subtly crafted flavors of each dish. The buffet is put out on weekends, and on weekdays, they bring out several dishes to try and pass around so as not to waste food on the buffet table. I couldn't tell you what I had from the buffet any time I went, but everything was delicious and keep me coming back and craving for Kabob & Kurry when I'm out of town.  A few recommendations: The garlic naan was very flavorful and went well with everything. The hummus was out of this world. I eat other hummus and I had to stop after a short while because my mouth gets sore. This didn't do that. The flavor was sublime, and it was the smoothest texture I've had in a hummus. Simply divine. If you don't mind a little adventure, it's well worth trying several different and new dishes, but if you're eating a dish and you don't know what a particular vegetable is, there's a good chance it's a hot pepper, and if it is, there's a good chance it will bring tears to your eyes. Overall, the food is spicy, but not to the point where it's overwhelming or interferes with the flavor of the food, but if you eat a pepper, you'll know it for sure. Along those lines, the side salad is good for heat mitigation, and the mango lassi (a yogurt based yogurt drink) is a liquid dream. And if you're like many people who don't know what anything on the menu is or think the food is unapproachable, the staff is very friendly and are more than happy to make recommendations. They'll take care of you. Of that you can be sure. I can't recommend this restaurant highly enough. I've never been to that part of the world to tell you if it's authentic or not, but the food is exactly what I'd imagine authentic food to be. I honestly ate there about 5 days ago and am already itching to go back. I hope you give them a shot.  One last thing, I saw in a few reviews that they thought the dinner dish prices were a bit high, but in my (admittedly limited) experience, the dinner prices are right in line with other comparable dish prices at Indian restaurants for higher quality food. I think Indian/Pakistani food runs a bit expensive compared to, say Chinese food or other similar cuisines, but the prices and the time to prepare each dish is much higher, so for what you're getting, I think the price is justifiable. It's just a shame, because like I said earlier, Indian food is best when you're able to try several different dishes at once. Just something to keep in mind with the individual dishes, and to gawk at when you consider the dirt cheap buffet price.   TL;DR Excellent food, personable service, totally unassuming, go there, you won't be disappointed.
5 Based on all the Yelp reviews that I read, I decided to take a ride to Kabob & Kurry. Those of you who have read my reviews know that I don't mince words.  It is what it is.  So here is what I have to say about K&K: Distance:  a little far from my house, but that is my problem Decor:  Very simple, but nicely done. Cleanliness:  Excellent from all appearances (although I did not check the kitchen) Bathroom:  Very, very clean (good indicator of the place) Service:  Very friendly. The server offered us water several times and came to see if we liked the food. Food: The buffet had a variety of middle eastern and Pakistani dishes that were kept well stocked.  And the taste of the food was: DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS, DELICIOUS. That is all I have to say:  DELICIOUS! Did I say DELICIOUS???? But of course I said, DELICIOUS. You have to get to this DELICIOUS buffet and try it for yourself.   As for the YELP rating... How do I give a place 10 stars?   I will be back because as I said to you before, it was: DELICIOUS!
5 My fiance and I read the fantastic reviews online so we popped in today for lunch. We ate the buffet and definitely will be back. The staff is super friendly and gets to know you on a first name basis. Food is awesome and the warm garlic naan delivered to the table is to die for. We learned today that they also cater! Stop in and give it a try, we are glad we did!
5 great food and service . I tried flavors i never tasted beforeee  and i love them !!!
4 = = =  FRIDAY THRU SUNDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = =  Stopped back in here today for the Lunch Buffet, which is now held on Friday through Sunday each week.     :-)  This is a small, simple restaurant with just a 10-item Buffet, but the food is very tasty & some of the dishes have been brand new to me on each of my visits.  Today's selection included Choup Chicken, Chicken Kadai, Chicken Tikki Masala, Daal Palak, mixed vegetables, warm red Suji Halwa, Chana Masala and Basmati Rice, with warm Naan bread brought to the table and Farni rice pudding for dessert..  The three chicken dishes and the Chana Masala were especially good.  Lunch Buffet is priced low at $6.99 and if you enjoy South Asian food, you're sure to like this place!     :-))
1 This review is for eating there. We have never tried their buffet, so don't know about that.. The service was horrible though one saturday night we ate here. very slow service. we were practically filling our own drinks at the fountain.. no condiments brought with food. no chutneys brought with pakora.. forgot to bring our drinks.. super expensive lassi.. paneer dish had practically no paneer in it, it was mostly all onions.
3 For starters let me tell you that this place far exceeds most Indian/Pakistani restaurants in the valley.  But I also wont give anyone and everyone five stars just for food.   What makes me kill the stars in this place is the following:  1) Service: the sole server probably has never served before professionally and lacks the service skills required to be a good server. Things like having difficulty witth the order, 1st check back 35 minutes after initial order. Conversing with the kitchen staff in plain earshot of the dining room.  So impressed by a dish she saw for the 1st time she took a picture of it with her iphone at the diners table (with permission of course but that was weird).   2) Value for the money (this is the big one):  If these dishes were a few dollars less I would be in here every few days. I just by principle dont want to pay much higher prices for foods that shouldnt be that high priced. The average entree is $10+. So I ordered 3 entrees 3 naans and 2 soft drinks and left with a check over $40 before tip.  The same exact meal in other valley restaurants will be closer to $30.    So there are a lot of interesting eccentricities of this place. Its owned by a local physician who I happened to see tonight probably post-surgery since he was still in surgical scrubs who came in just for a soda and then left.   Their are a number of menu items that you have to order in advance at least 24 hours to have... one such item which was apparently the only one ever sold in that restaurant is called the Dual Kabab... its an indian tur-duck-en because its a chicken kabab wrapped in a beef kabab. Its easily 2-3 inches in diameter and resembles a kielbasa.   I called in advance and the waitress forget she had high chairs and said they didnt have one. They only have one so word of caution: BYOB : Bring your own Booster!  Overall this place has potential to be a competitor in this market of Indo-Pak food that was for the longest time monopolized by a few large players. What they really need to do is bring their prices in line with reality and get a little service staff and this has a chance of becoming a real killer place!!
5 Great service and amazing food. Flavors and heat are just right. Will return again and again !
5 I was pleasantly surprised by their Garlic Naan And their Chicken Tikka Masala. The naan was soft and pillowy and the masala had chunks of good quality chicken. This restaurant is really tasty.
2 Before coming here we had gone over to Copper Kettle only to find the entire restaurant closed for a private party.   I yelped the nearest Indian and Kabob n Kurry had decent ratings and fairly close to where we were.      We ordered the vegetable qourma, chicken tikka masala, garlic naan, samosa's, and mango lassie.    The vegetable qourma was a mixed back of frozen vegetables that was to put it mildy disgusting.   Chicken tikka was actually not bad - however more sauce that chicken.   And the chicken pieces were small I felt like I had to fish into the bowl to find them.   Garlic naan was weak - too thick, had the consistency of a focaccia bread.   Lassie was actually pretty good.   Samosa i think were frozen bought also - very thin and fried to so hard it was tough to even cut w/ a knife and fork.  Staff consisted of young girl and an older women who claimed she ran the place.   Young girl was very inexperienced, never came back to refill our waters, and forgot our samosas (there were two other tables w/ guests!).   Manager was more involved in checking herself out in the glass window and texting on her phone; though she did ask us how we were doing it was not very genuine.  I'd recommend elsewhere for Indian food.
4 Excellent food and service, only thing would be that the portions are a little small for the price
1 I went here with a groupon.  I was very dissapointed with the food.  We ordered sweet and sour chicken and curry chicken.  The food was served in a small soup crock.  The S and S chicken had a very very small amount of meat, it was mostly bones mixed into a broth which was actually not even safe since you had to hunt for the bone to not eat one by accident.  The dish was 13.00 and worth about 1.00 at best.  I would not eat here again even with a groupon.
5 This is my go-to place for Pakistani/Indian cuisine due to its proximity to my home and the exceptional quality of their food. The naan here is simply better than any other  Desi restaurant. My favorite thing to get are the chicken wraps, which I highly recommend. On the few times we've catered from them they have had nice prices and excellently prepared food on a prompt schedule.
2 Portion sizes are extremely small, which is weird for an indo-pak restaurant. Food is alright. The owners were nice so they get 2 stars for that. Probably won't be coming back here.
3 Groupon visit. Looking at past reviews the primary gripes are price and speed. Confirmed. It was not a cheap date -$41 for an appetizer, two entrees, two naans, a fountain drink, and a lassi. In spite of this, I loved the food. The appetizer we had was the pakora - in this case it was just onions, but it was excellent. For entrees I had the chicken seekh kabob and my dinner partner had the pearl chicken kabob ( I found it to be "Meh" but my dinner partner loved it). The seekh kabob, as near as I can tell, is chicken kefta with chile flakes - you know, all these cultures in Alexander's empire have the same basic variations of meat on a stick, so some overlap should be expected. As far as I can tell, the kabob items are all served with a pile of raw onions mixed with cilantro and raita (cucumber/mint yogurt condiment), but I enjoyed the sweet/piquant flavor of the onions with my kabobs.  The naan was super buttery, but the taste of burnt garlic really hangs around a bit too long and too strong. I suspect that's an acquired taste. Pro tip: order too much and take some home - I made a breakfast of my seekh kabob leftovers, including the onions and raita, and loved it. So what brings this place down the three stars?  Service is a bit slow (thankfully I wasn't in a rush) and the prices are a bit steep. Also they were out of beef. I really wanted that beef seekh kabob, but if I guess right I didn't miss anything as it's just kefta with chile flakes.  Will I go back? Yeah, I think so. There's enough on the menu to hold my interest.
1 It is the worst indian/pakistani restaurant in my recent past.  I bought a Groupon for $25. Groupon said I can use for buffet. So I went for Sunday buffet. Most of the indian restaurants have good sunday buffet. But When I entered the restaurant, it was empty. The owner was talking in phone (in a high pitched tone). She asked me to sit wherever I like. I was ignored for next 5-10 minutes. I was not offered water / menu. Then a girl (who is supposed to be bearer) came and asked me whether anybody took order. I said no. She didn't show any interest in getting the menu as well. Then I asked for buffet. She said buffet will be a Thali (a plate of food with 5 options). But I don't have any option to choose. They asked whether I will eat chicken. Then they brought a plate of food with some cheap vegetables and chicken. When I asked for bread, bread arrived which was rock hard. There is no appetizer or dessert in this so called buffet.  When I asked for dessert, she said I can buy separately.  I will never visit this restaurant and recommend to anyone
3 Great staff, great Naan.  The food is ok
3 Been here twice and already I see a pattern. The first time was just after the Groupon came out and they were crazy busy, so I wasn't going to ding them. This time, we were the only people for dinner but they were out of several things.  The service was slow and clumsy.  The food is GREAT but portions are too small. Prices are too high and everything costs extra.  I want to like them more, but the food stands alone as the only good part.  Oh and the interior is absolutely painful. Cheap tables and bright fluorescent lights.  Operating rooms have more ambiance.
2 So so food. Not tasty at all. Its at the same standard as others Pakistani restaurant. Tasteless food all over the place in phoenix region.  i still like and prefer curry corner over other Pakistani restaurant out here.
5 A big group of friends and I went to Kabob n Kurry for my husbands birthday. It was absolutely wonderful! The staff was friendly and the food was delicious. There were about 10 people in the group and we were all really impressed and each one of us said we would come back. We got the lunch buffet platters and it was great to be able to try so many different things. The chicken tikka masala was probably the best I've ever had. The kabob was different than I've had before (a ground meat and spice mixture rather than seasoned cuts if meat) and i really enjoyed it. Super flavorful! My other favorite dish was a side dish of potatoes. We joked and called it Indian style potatoes au gratin. My cousin (who had recently returned from India)!said that kabob n kurry is the most authentic Indian food he's had in the states. We'll be back for sure!!!
5 Wasn't quite what I expected in terms of the buffet and decor but food was pretty good and service was outstanding and that made the visit worthwhile
5 Excellent food, great service, and friendly people.  If you like the cuisine, you have to to try K & K!
1 Horrible food! We had the dinner buffet and there was barely anything left on the buffet counter. The quality of food they served for $11.99 is unbelievably bad. Extra salty dishes, half-done naan, weird tasting chicken tikka masala- very bad experience.
4 Food was good--  the tikka masala was incredible, as was the naan. Everything else was good, just not outstanding.  Was a bit disappointed that our Groupon was not honored-- the hostess said that the previous owners posted the Groupon and they've been trying, unsuccessfully to have it removed. She made up for it with quality service.... we were the only people in the place at the time, so we had her full attention.  When I'm in the mood for Indian/Pakistani food...I'd go back.
3 We went to Kabob n Kurry recently since we had a Groupon to try it.  The night we were there, they were serving buffet.  There were four main dishes offered, with varying spice levels, as well as mixed green salad, rice and a dessert.  This is a tiny, family-run restaurant in a strip mall, and it would be easy to miss if you weren't looking closely.  We met the owner's daughter, who was very welcoming and gracious, and spent some time just chatting with her.  I hope to get back here soon and order from the regular menu.
4 Came here lunch today and the service and food was absolutly incredble. All the food was the perfect spice level for my friends and I. Garlic Naan was nice and soft. ill definantly be back.
5 Went to Kabob tonight for dinner and it was absolutely amazing! I'm super picky when it comes to indian food but this actually hit the spot. I told my server what level spice I wanted because i'm scared when it comes to choosing the levels of spiciness but the cook definitely got it right! We will definitely be back again soon!
3 Tried this place for the first time the other day. The food was pretty good! I had the chicken tiki masala with some naan. Really really tasty! My only issue on why I only have 3 stars, was that the service was a bit odd. I walked in and ordered to go, but she told me the price at first was $14.95 (I got tiki masala and one piece of naan ... A bit pricey in my opinion) then she forgot what she said, and decided to charge me $16.95, but then charges my card $1695.00. It was fixed, and luckily my card did not get shut off, but still a bit sketchy when I'm told one price and get charged another. Still would go back and try it again!
4 The biryani is the real deal! The kabobs are very delicious too :D This is our go to place when we crave biryani!
1 Very Disappointed.  Came in to grab lunch, a wrap to go.  What I got was a naan with a few teaspoons of chicken and chutney...for $7!!  They didn't even give me a bag to carry it home in.  Will not be returning.  I see the good reviews, and all I can think is that people haven't had good Indian, or perhaps the sit down experience is much better than the to-go.
