5 What a wonderful addition to the little neighborhood around Troon North!  The place was packed and they did at least one-and-a-half turns while we were there.  It's catching on.  The staff is energetic and eager to please. (Our waiter was not only personable, but very professional and his recommendations were top-notch.)  As for the owners, the whole family works there (front and back of the house).  They are accommodating, fun, on top of their game, and the food is delish!  (Even if you are not a dessert person - - and if you are, but tiramisu is not your thing - - trust me, you'll become a fan here.  Tiramisu: from the Italian phrase meaning "pick me up."  They had to pick me up on a wheelbarrow after my instantaneous weight-gain. But I am unashamed--it was worth every calorie!)
5 Loved the atmosphere, service and food was bellissimo! Try the Angeloni spicy pasta....yummy! Large portions and reasonable prices! Can't wait to dine on the patio! Oh and don't forget dessert....lemon sorbet served in hollowed out real lemons....delightfully lite and refreshing!
5 Amazing service and food!  Our family had a great time and will definitely be back.
5 Nice little place. Food was excellent and the service was great. Our server was Brianna and she was very nice and took care of us well. We will defiantly be dining there again
5 Love this restaurant! We are visiting from Seattle and have had many good meals while here, but this one was exceptional.  The patio is so pretty and comfortable. Our waiter was a pleasure. The highlight was one of the specials, halibut...cooked perfectly with crusted pesto. It came with three butternut ravioli. I didnt want it to end! Definitely go and enjoy the "Beautiful Night"!
2 Nice location. Service isn't worth going there and food is on the expensive side. It's good but not worth that kind of money.
5 Top notch in every aspect. The service was and is outstanding and everyone makes you feel at home, like any great Italian family. Chris our server the last three times, yes a very frequent diner - hey amazing food what can I say - was great as usual. The specials are alway to die for, as is the rest of the menu. If they have it, a must, the Colorado lamp chops in a balsamic honey glaze, or the pork chop with mushrooms and Dijon sauce (on the regular menu). Salivating right now. I disagree with the comment that the menu is pricy. You get what you pay for and you will not find this quality, creativity and flavor in you 12.00 per plate pasta joint. This is an upscale restaurant that serves some of the best and authentic Italian dishes, so if you are in the mood to have your taste buds spoiled and being served by superbly capable and friendly people, this is the place for you.
5 Check out the Monday night Pint & a Pound ( beer & wings) for $8 !!!! Sit at the bar, get great service from Mitch and enjoy the whole family who owns and runs this excellent place.  regular happy hours are yummy and we have met the nicest people at the bar. Great neighborhood place,with great ambience and excellent food.  Well worth the drive if you don't live nearby.  Wonderful patio setting too.  Go.....you will be glad you did!
5 The food is amazing. Try the seafood crapes. Well they are called something else but they are amazing.
5 Thanksgiving dinner to go! - Having just returned from our honeymoon, and out of sheer exhaustion, I ordered our entire Thanksgiving dinner from Bella Notte - turkey, stuffing, mashed potatoes and gravy, bread with herbed butter (fabulous!), autumn vegetables, yams with marshmallows, and pumpkin pie - the entire cost was LESS than what I would have spent at the market, and all we had to do was reheat... the slow heating filled the house with beautiful aromas, the bird was brown and juicy, the potatoes fluffy, gravy rich, all in all a marvelous meal. On Saturday after Thanksgiving we had a 2nd dinner at a friends - but this one was better ... I have spent $300 - 400 setting up a holiday dinner for 8 in the past, and we spend UNDER $200, with extras, and had leftovers after feeding 8 people! And I was so much less stressed! Thank you Chef!
2 Very nice atmosphere and friendly staff, but the food is blah.  Sauces come from a can.  The pasta is over-cooked and I don't know why everyone's is raving about the Veal; mine was tough and tasteless.  Too, bad.  We North Scottsdale people need more choices for good meals.
4 Since we have a residence nearby, we decided to try Bella Notte. We all thought the food was good but not great. I can't put my finger on what is  missing, but maybe it's just a lack of creativity. The owners, with deep Italian accents, certainly provide an authentic aura, but I would have hoped for a little more in regards to the food. The service was fine and they were quite attentive. We will definitely give them another shot.
3 This place is good.  We were staying at the Four Seasons and they recommended this place.  i have to say being a NYorker and american italian im pretty picky...and our dishes were  good!  We sat outside because it was a beautiful night..we sat near the outside fireplace...it was very nice!!   Also, the music was very fitting..nice authentic italian music!!  fried calamari..drinks..main dishes were good.  the dessert..cannoli(good for arizona..lol).  fruit dessert in a large martini glass was fantastic!!  Wait staff was excellent..our waiter Chris couldn't have been nicer.  They also gave us(on the house) a glass of Limoncello..which was nice touch!! I would also say dining in AZ is a little earlier so we had to get use to this.   we went around 9pm and it was winding down..so eastcoasters... get to this restaurant and start making it later dining!
2 Our dining experience began with the hostess seating us and providing us with only a meagerly populated wine list. We perused the list, but having no idea what was on the menu, were not inclined to select a bottle of wine as we had no clue what we would be eating. I opted for a glass of mediocre Chianti for $12 and my husband ordered a draft of Peroni for $6. Our server hastily snatched the drink menu from our hands only to inform us that they were presently out of Peroni and brought a dark version of Moretti, as an alternative, which we later learned when the check came, cost $9, and my husband did not care to drink.  It is truly astounding that any restaurant, even in Scottsdale, charges $9 for a twelve ounce bottle of beer! This can be noted as rip-off #1.  Dinner menus finally arrived along with a basket containing four miniscule slices of low quality bread. Our server methodically rattled off the daily specials, one of which included a daily soup that, just like the entrees listed as specials, was accompanied by no description of what the item actually contained. We placed our orders and for lack of anything else to choose from, opted for a bottle of the Chianti that I had previously had. My husband ordered the Caesar salad, which was the only palatable item of our entire evening. I ordered the soup of the day after having asked for more clarification as to what it actually was. The server described it as an Italian wedding soup and highly recommended it over the pasta fagioli on the menu. I was delivered nothing even remotely similar to an Italian wedding soup, which typically contains vegetables and more importantly, has FLAVOR. I received a bowl of hot water that was chock full of cooked spinach with some nondescript and flavorless white items, which I can only assume were egg whites floating in it. The soup was so incredibly tasteless that if I were to have closed my eyes, other than the mushy, chewy texture of the cooked spinach, I would have had no clue what I was eating.   As we were consuming our first course, the hostess arrived at our table after locating the bottle of wine that we had ordered. She proceeded to engage in a physical war with the wine bottle in an attempt to open it, repeatedly telling us that it had been a long time since she'd had to open one of these and it was always very difficult for her to get this right. In her struggle to cut the foil from the bottle, she managed to violently shake the bottle in a vigorous manner, thereby ensuring that any sediment that had settled out of the wine was now once again suspended in the wine. This was confirmed when she poured the sediment-mixed liquid into our glasses. In her course of making conversation, she did ask how my soup was, to which I replied that it had no flavor. She graciously brought me the Caesar, which was quite good despite having the saltiest anchovies that I've ever tasted present on top of it.   Our entrees soon arrived, mine being the eggplant parmesan for $22 and my husband's being the "Linguine Malafemmena" for $27, which is described on the menu as "lobster, shrimp, scallops, mushrooms, garlic, white wine & fresh tomato". My entrée consisted of two thick, tough, bready, and greasy tasting slices of eggplant having a tasteless tomato sauce and half-melted slices of processed mozzarella on top, the entire mess seated on a bed of fresh-out-of-the-box spaghetti drenched in the same flavorless tomato sauce and accompanied by a limp side of overcooked carrots, zucchini, squash, and broccoli. The entire plate was at best lukewarm. The eggplant seemed as though it hadn't been heated throughout, which would explain the unmelted cheese on top. Note this as rip-off #2. That having been said, frighteningly, my entrée was the better of the two. My husband's seafood pasta dish, instead of having a white wine sauce, was drenched in a sickly, brown butter sauce, which we both despise and would not have ordered the entrée had it been described as such. The worst part, though, was the complete lack of lobster, which is noted as the first item in the description. We both mined through the dish to attempt to find anything that resembled lobster. The only item that we found was a tiny shred that measured approximately 14 of an inch by 1/8 of an inch in size, which we assumed (hopefully) was lobster. The only other seafood to be found in the dish was 2-3 shrimp of mediocre size and quality and one small scallop that had been cut into multiple pieces. Essentially, this was a $27 dish which consisted of a plate of pasta in an awful brown butter sauce with only the tiniest hint of seafood ingredients. Clearly, this was rip-off #3.  I truly cannot express what an incredibly disappointing and excessively costly dining experience this was. I've posted a photo of our itemized bill as evidence since I, personally, would find it difficult to believe that there are actually restaurants that charge $148 for a dinner as awful as this was.
5 Wow Michelle G!! My husband and I live near by the restaurant and eat there on a weekly basis. I disagree with many points you listed. They owners and staff are incredibly nice, good people and I find it hard to believe anyone there treated you poorly. I have enjoyed both entrees you tried and think that they are amazing. In my opinion, and judging by your other reviews, you clearly do not enjoy anything in life and perhaps you should dine in your own home, seeing as you can do better yourself. IGNORE MICHELLE'S POSTING AND EVERY ONE IN THE FUTURE. The statement is very true: You cannot please everybody. Carry on Bella Notte!! You are still amazing and do not let people who make piss poor reviews bother you. We will be seeing you this week.
5 This place is amazing!! We went there with 4 people on My birthday and had the best time. We sat outside and had excellent service. We met the owner herself which is the sweetest lady you'll ever wanna meet. My husband and I love peroni so she actually gave us  2 glasses to keep. Everyone enjoyed there food and we cannot wait to be back. See you on my dads birthday!!
1 Went there the other night & they are apparently closed for good. What a disappointment. They will be missed.
