5 Friendly employees and high quality products.  They have smaller sized samples of their products here so you don't have to fully commit to a large bag of food before finding out if your dog or cat likes it.  I picked up some Acana grain-free kibble and a sample of Nature's Instinct raw chicken, and they have a frequent buyer program where you get 1 bag of food free for every 12 (I think) that you buy.
5 Truly an amazing store. Although the dog food (and cat food) is premium, its not expensive when you break it down per meal for your animal. And they are always cheaper (or atleast competitive) when you compare the brands they carry to the other  pet food stores. Ive been coming here since they opened and I cant say enough good things about the people and they products they offer. They have even called me back on a couple of occasions to see how Zeke liked the new chews or food I bought.  You dont see service like this anymore and its clear that they are driven by their passion for pets.  They clearly care about Zeke as much as I do!
5 Love this place! I go frequently with my dog to get her anything from toys to treats to grooming supply's. Great prices and friendly people are always working and excited to greet me and my dog! Yay fan for life!
5 ***I AM REVIEWING THE PET PLANET - COLLEGE PARK LOCATION***  I have gone to the Pet Planet listed 3 times and love it! 5150 S Rural Rd Suite 106 Tempe AZ 85282 / 480-897-9790  I went in out of curiousity with my boys one time and the Haley (red head) was so nice. She talked to me about my dog and had suggestions on food and treats. She talked about some products they had and really cared about everything I told her about my baby, Bruno.   We came back that following Sunday and used their Kiosk and got some good suggestions for our dog. My husband came with me this time and Bruno was with us. There was a blonde lady working there (forgot her name, please don't take it the wrong way, my brain is gone!). She was super nice too. She talked to us and welcomed Bruno. She showed us the self dog wash room and made herself available if we had any questions while we walked around.    The things I love the most about this place are the staff and selection of products. They have both been so amazing and are happy to answer all questions I have. And the blonde staff member called me today (Sunday, 4/27/14) to see how Bruno was doing and how he liked the samples they gave us. SERIOUSLY! I have NEVER been called by a pet store staff member to see how my dog was doing. (Oh wait, I have been called our trainer, Billie, at PetsMart for follow-up on Bruno's progress.) But that's it! She was happy to hear that we changed his food to a product they sell, Horizon Complete, and he loves it. She told me to come over or call anytime I have a question and hopes to see me and Bruno soon. *jaw drop* Now that's customer service with an A+!   They have a wide range of natural wholesome dog food and treats from raw to dry/packaged. My dog loves Zukes and Blue treats a lot and Pet Planet has a nice range to choose from. I even noticed their raw food section in the back and am planning on coming back to get Bruno a nice yummy bone as a treat soon.   We will continue to go to this store for our dog's needs.
5 This place is great. It's small and the staff is really helpful. They helped us pick out a food that was good for my chihuahua mix. They put the food name into the computer, which is great because I can never remember the name of her food. We got another dog and I didn't know how much to feed her. I called and they went and checked for me. That was really nice.
5 We buy Natural Balance dog food and their prices are 20% lower than Petco.  Plus, they have a frequent buyer reward which entitles you to a free bag every ten purchases.  Great service and they get to know you and your pets.
