5 This is a wonderful restaurant.  The decor is gorgeous and they did it all themselves.  They have some pleasant Russian music playing and the food was amazing.  Not only did it taste good, it was very affordable.  We had the chicken kabobs, with rice and a house salad and topped it off with Baklava.  I would highly recommend this venue!
4 This place was cavernous. We walked in and weren't even sure they were open for business. It looked like a tornado hit the place and the help was still hiding in the cellar. But we eventually did find a warm body and discovered the from area was a reception area for a wedding the night before.  The only person we saw the entire time was the server. But that's okay because he was engaging and kind of funny. Though I did think they reply to a comment by one of guests about him also being bald was his reply that his was a solar panel for a sex machine was exceedingly funny. Props for his sense of humor.  I did find the menu one of the oddest I have seen in a long time. It appears as if every known variety of kabob was pictured there. Some several times. Not quite the most convincing first look at what was to come. Luckily for them, the food overcame this visual faux pas.  DING DING DING: We have a winner here, folks! I think they serve the best Babaganush I have ever had. It wasn't that tart, tobacco tasting, blenderized crap that passes for baby food served by most places, OH NO, this was served with chunks and bits of eggplant. I'd swear they salt and sweat it first. Absolutely delicious. Habit forming even.  And the Hummus was smooth and creamy. It wasn't gritty or over seasoned as is the norm. These guys are hitting on all cylinders on these dishes right away.  The Lamb kabob ( you didn't think we could get away kabob free, did you? ) was seasoned very well. I did have a problem with some gristle and fat, but the edible chunks were in the 85% range and were done well.  On the dark side: There's always some dark side: The pita was so-so. The rice with the kabob was a throw in and unneeded. The drinks were serviceable. And the floor was a bit dirty from the night before. I didn't really mind the Sade on the Hi def TV, but I didn't go for the Yanni.  Overall, this was a very nice and not crowded place that was reasonably priced for above average food and having a few killer dishes. Definitely worth a look see.   AND, they have a deli and grocer next store ( including the 'Ganush & Hummus ) to take home some extra items. And they serve as a good size banquet hall for larger parties, such as weddings, birthdays, and Elk Lodge gatherings.
5 Decent decor, above average service and spectacular food!!!!  It is actually Armenian and the Beef Lula was the best I have EVER had!!!!  We also tried some of the more difficult dishes to find or prepare, like quail and Sturgeon, and they were prepared  perfectly.  This to my fellow "rice snobs" this was some of the best rice I have ever had.  I highly reccomend  this restaurant to anyone looking for Eastern European or Armenian food.   Plus it is VERY affordable!!!!!
4 This place was really a gem! Honestly, was not expecting much with its location, but once we walked in the place, it was really nice...suitable even for somewhat formal, smaller events or gatherings. You really should try the hummus-it's really good and not grainy! All the dishes we ordered seemed very fresh and our server was wonderful. If you're near, don't pass it up.
4 *Dated 1/23/12*  Located at Decatur and Obannon next to Trader Joe's, Royal Cuisine offers your basic kebabs, hummus, mutabel (babaganush) as well as some other offerings such as sturgeon and Basturma and Sugux (think dry salami and sausages).  Also noteworthy, the menu is Armenian based, hence the sturgeon and Basturma/Sugux.   Upon entering the double iron(?) doors, it reveals a surprisingly roomy, kitschy and brightly lit interior. The Armenian staff are very friendly and helpful and will answer any questions you may have about the menu.  Prices are very affordable, ranging from $8.99 to $15.99 for the main courses and comes in huge portions.  I've sampled the lamb chops and combo platter, again served in huge portions, almost family style size. The lamb chops are very tasty and well seasoned.  The combo platter is very generous, although i found the pork chop to be over cooked and dry, otherwise the chicken and lamb are very well made.  Do try the eggplant caviar and the homemade pickles they serve there.  For dessert, I suggest the homemade baklava, which is not overly sweet and does not have that medicine after taste I've had in other restaurants. The bill for an appetizer, two entrees and dessert came to under $34.  Overall, the food is good, service was kind of slow but it is to be expected with a new restaurant.  I hope they work out some of the bugs seeing as they just opened quite recently.  In a glut of Mediterranean restaurants in Las Vegas, Royal Cuisine gives you more bang for your buck.
2 Overall a very mediocre Armenian / Middle Eastern / Mediterranean restaurant.    The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is very Armenian, so they definitely get points for the ambiance.  The food, sadly, was nothing to write home about.  The beef kabob was dry and chewy, and the chicken kabob, while very tender, had almost zero flavor.  The hummus and mutabel were also quite run of the mill.  We still haven't found a great middle eastern joint in Vegas yet, and were very much hoping this would be the place.
5 I'm officially addicted to the Mutabel (babaganush) at this place! The Armenians that run this joint have become my buds and know exactly what I like these days. Usually, I pull up to the front of the store located next to Trader Joe's and the owners are outside sipping espresso and smoking cigarettes like some scene from "Eastern Promises" . For some reason, this relaxed mentality sets the mood for a great meal. I usually get hummus, but the Mutabel is the best in town by far! The service is sometimes a little awkward, but I forgive it because the staff is also very kind. If you're in the area, I suggest you make a stop by the Royal Cuisine for a healthy and fresh Armenian lunch or dinner!
