5 Had such a blast going through! The actors/cast are so good at what they do, they get me every time and I don't scare too easily!! The sets look so professional, and the prices are perfect for it being such an awesome amusement site! Great haunted house, would recommend it!!
5 What a great time I had at this Haunt, I am a huge fan of Halloween and Haunts and will drive to see a good one.  I live in Chandler and this was worth the drive!!!  Get ready to get scared right out of your shoes!!!  You can tell the actors and owner really love Halloween their passion is obvious in the show!
5 Chamber of Fear was awesome. 3 Haunts, one line. The sets are great, the actors are great. The price was right. I really cant think of a negative.   A+
5 such a great haunted house.
5 Chambers of Fear is a spectacular haunt if you're looking for a good time during Halloween season. I spoke to the owner after going through it and he said the building is open for Halloween season but is constantly improving itself throughout the year with the sole purpose of being the Valley's best haunted house. That in itself was very admirable as some places seem to just rely on the same gags every year.  The line was a bit long to wait in but well worth it. They send you through in groups and it is pretty typical to start. Very very dark, hardly any light to see with, and mysterious black curtains to let you know you're progressing the right way. I won't give anything away but there are plenty of expected surprises that haunted houses usually have but then they have a few things that seem to play tricks on your senses that are really fun to experience  There are 3 houses to go through and I liked the first and third one equally as much. The first one has great props and actors and the third one is an awesome concept. Price was not too shabby ($20 for all 3 haunts) and despite it being a bit out of the way, it is worth the trip to get into the spirit. Helpful to have a few drinks at the sports bar next door to get your liquid courage flowing ;) see you next year!
5 This haunted house is phenomenal. I was so freaked out the whole time! At 22 bucks per person it can get costly, but I think it's worth it. It takes a long time to get through the whole thing and it goes outside, too! Definitely recommended.
2 Had this been 7 miles away and under $10.00 it would be worth the money and time. They started off strong, great special effects and make up but then it had an anti-climatic ending. We went on Halloween in the hopes of getting the best out of the workers and the intense scare factor. We watched other couples receive dicounts and free admission and when we asked about the discount we were stone walled and there was no offer to compensate us. Overall I would only go if you can get in for a discount and don't have to drive 40 min.
4 This is a really fun maze or set of three mazes I guess.   They lead into one another but they're separate by theme which is really cool.  The first one has really cool effects and rooms. The second one is a lot of fun and the characters are really really fun. The third one starts out awesome and then ends up being the weakest of the three. But overall really well done.
5 Great haunted house!  The actors and effects are amazing and I screamed like a little girl and it's worth every dollar!  Can't wait to see what spooky surprises they have in store for us for 2014!
