5 I had a Great experience with this U-haul.  Picked up a 26' truck at 9:15 am Sunday and was out the door within 15 minutes.  Both Representatives were smiling and incredibly friendly.  They were busy but both helped customers very quickly.  My truck was clean and ran great.
5 I just rented a trailer from this location, and my experience was absolutely great! Sebastian helped me get an adapter for the wiring harness of my vehicle, rented a receiver hitch and trailer to me, got it hooked up, all in twenty minutes. Upon my return, the gentleman who was there had me unhooked in 5 minutes, receipt on its way to my email inbox. Trailer was clean and worked great! Highly recommend!
2 Dropped my truck off to have a 7 pin wire harrness and a brake assist control. Put in. I was called a couple hours later saying my truck was finished. I went to pick my truck up. As I was leaving I found that my power windows did not work. So I stopped and let mike the person who had taken care of me. know my windows was not working. He looked it over and found that I had a electronic ignition fuse blown. So he replaced it. That fixed the.problem. for a little bit as I drove about 1/4th a mile the fuse blew again. So I went back to uhaul and asked him to figure it out. In left my truck with mike. So he could fix the problem. A couple hours later mike called me and said he could not figure out what was wrong. And stated he was not a auto electrician.  And that I would have to file a claim with uhaul. And find someone who knew auto electrical.  To get it fixed. So I took my truck home with no power windows and my truck alarm would not shut off. The next morning I took my truck to a different uhaul. And suprising the uhaul tech fixed my truck. And showed me the big mistake mike did to my truck.now my truck is temporally fixed thank to george at uhaul in mesa. I can go get a estimate on what the cost or repairs is going to be. So I can file a claim with uhaul for the expense.
1 Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12. As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22. It did not arrive until 6/26. I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location. I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company. Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!  Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund. Every person directs me to call another office. When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late. That's how it goes. I'm not giving you anything." I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case? Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations. UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable. I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence. They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.  In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car. The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it. They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing. We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete! I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late. What a complete nightmare.  Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back. But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth. FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you. Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on. If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix. They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.  Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT. http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!
