2 I bought my husband a Groupon from this company to drive either an Aston Martin DB9 or Ferrari 360 Modena for 1 hour.  He chose the Aston Martin DB, took time off of work and was then told the Aston Martin wasn't available a few days before his scheduled drive because the car was out of service and they wouldn't be repairing it.  This was somewhat understandable, however, the car he really wanted to drive wasn't happening and he took time off of work.  They did offer a free HD DVD of his drive for his troubles, which seemed to be fair at the time.  A Ferrari is still a once in a lifetime opportunity.  He was fine with this.  The company rescheduled him to drive a Ferrari about a month later and canceled an hour and a half before his scheduled drive time due to the instructor being ill.  He was about to walk out the door since we live over an hour away.  Apparently they only have 1 instructor and was understandable but the situation was getting ridiculous.  He finally was able to make his appointment and the drive itself was enjoyable to him.    The reasons I rated so low are as follows:    First, the fine print on the Groupon stated you are responsible for tax and gratuity, which is fine.  What they don't specify is that tax is based on the "retail value" of $499, not the $89 paid.  Between the two it basically doubled the cost of the Groupon.    Second, for all of the trouble my husband went through for his "dream experience" the company didn't offer much more than an apology, things happen and a DVD.    Thirdly, this place is incredibly difficult to get a hold of.  They want you to do every thing online, and never answer their phones or call back.  I can only recommend if you want to use this place you email them as much as possible.  I finally got a response this way.    I wish I would've looked at the reviews for their other location in Boston, MA.  Their reviews are just as low.    Save your money or if you don't mind the hassle go for it.  I wouldn't pay full price though!
1 Complete ripoff!  Bought a groupon but they wanted taxes and tips paid on a made up actual value.  Bought the Groupon for $89 and paid  $60 in taxes and a $25 tip, on the sheet they make you sign they ask for something like a $100 tip as being reasonable, yeh right!
1 Really disappointed in this!  Bought it in December for a gift, expired in March.  I called late February and not only was there a TWO month wait list BEFORE they leave town forever, but they were out of the office for a WEEK!  So no one was there for me to address this to.  Hmph... if I bought with three months to expiration date and there is a two month wait list... that screams SCAM to me.
