5 MISSION: TO FIND THE BEST TACOS ON LAS VEGAS' STREETS  WHO: STREET VENDORS AROUND LAS VEGAS(Brick and mortars like Los Tacos and El Gordo DON"T COUNT)  Stop #3, We come across 2 good signs: 1) a pretty good sized crowd, and 2) A carousel of Al Pastor goodness complete with pineapple juices flowing down and basting  all the meat-SOLD! . Taqueria El Pastorcito(not to be confused with Tacos El Pastorcito) is another Pop-up vendor that serves up tacos Thursday-Sunday as well from 6-late(1-2am) their tacos are slightly bigger than KoMex size, and are $2 each.  Right away, one of the workers asks if we're ready to order, but I'm still browsing the menu items which are plastered across the window, again with funny names, so my wife tells him its our first time here, and right away, he signals for one of the cooks to give him an order of Al Pastor. He hands it to us so we can taste the love.(Keep in mind that it is a plus to speak  and understand Spanish, and you won't get service with a smile here. Although they're quick and efficient, thats just the way it is, as it is in different countries.) One bite, and we were HOOKED! Perfectly seasoned, just the right amount of fattiness and charred taste with the sweetness of the pineapple. I can honestly say that this taco kicks the S@#T out of El Gordo's  version.  We also got some agua de Jamaica to share and some Chocolate Champurrado cause it was kinda nippy...Good find and we will definitely return and try other stuff!  PROS:  Quick, efficient service  Open Late  Awesome Al Pastor   CONS:  You may get lost in communication...    **RECOMMENDATIONS**  -Of course, their Tacos Al Pastor-You won't be dissappointed!  -Agua Frescas(Check to see what kind they have)  ALOHA!!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(167/365) "Street Taco Scramble Part 3"
5 Great tacos, salsas are awesome, the sodas are not to cold :-(, but this is a great place for authentic Mexican tacos, chingon
5 Update:  On one of our many returns here, there were at least 20-30 people here which is a very good sign, and what were they ordering? Al Pastor...in tacos, tortas, burritos, you name it. almost everyone had ordered it. Al pastor is what these guys pride themselves on and they got the BIGGEST carousel in town to prove it.   The taste is like no other. Not as spicy as El Gordo's version, but definitely more flavorful, tacos here are the same price, but much larger than El Gordo's. Don't forget to ask for pineapple on your al pastor, and I like that the pineapple here is diced up small and sprinkled on your taco. You get pineapple in every bite. Some of there other meat selections here are some of the tastiest I've found. The Cabeza(Beef Head) is shredded beef that has a great flavor and not dry at all, and another one of my favorites are the Suadero(Beef Brisket) Just the right amount of meat and fat which is also flavorful and well seasoned. I always get Al Pastor and Suadero every time I stop here.  Next time you're in the area and you have your mind set on going to El Gordo's, look for the lights, and the huge Al Pastor Carousel which is just up the street on the opposite side and give these guys a try, they honestly have some of the tastiest tacos in town...ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(212/365) "The Al Pastor Kings"
5 Tacos el Gordo used to be my favorite. But the al pastor here is freakin awesome. These are the best tacos I've had in forever. Great service. The guys were friendly and ready to take orders. I will definitely be coming here often.
5 Props goes out to Nelson Q for settin up a UYE and introducing me to this place. I cant believe it only has the one review by him. So now here is the second. This is strictly for the Al Pastor that is highly recommended so this all that I have in mind to get. After that next time I will try other things on the menu.   First off, forget what you know about any other place that serves Al Pastor. Even better if you never had one. For 2 bucks a taco, I would say 3 will probably fill me up. 4 if you're really hungry. The pork that they cook here is so tender and flavorful that you can literally eat it by itself and be satisfied. As if it wasnt already good by itself, they have a separate stand where all the condiments and fixins are. Here you can put in your taco diced onions, cilantro, lime, and 3 kinds of sauce ranging from mild to hot. No extra charge of course which makes it a huge plus in my book. Other places charge you for anything else you would like to add to your taco. Also dont forget to ask them to add grilled pineapple bits to your order. There is no extra charge for it either but if you dont tell them then they wont put it in.  Service here is very good. Whoever takes your order repeats what you tell them so there is no mistake about your order. They even ask you later on either while you are eating or are on the way out if everything was ok.   Some tidbits: Parking is limited because you can only fit so many cars on their lot. You can park  on the neigborhood street that is adjacent to them. From what I was told they open up everyday starting at 4 pm and close pretty late on fridays and saturdays. Their hours vary based on the how busy they are. If its getting late and there are no customers, they close up accodingly.  Im glad I tried this place out. For Al Pastor Tacos, this would be my first choice.
4 Off to the first stop of a taco hop with Yelpers.   I didn't want to fill up so fast at the first stop so I only tried one taco with the star meat - the adobada. This is savory, juicy, tender pork goodness with a tiny bit of crispy char to it. It's a good sized taco, and generous with meat. Get with pineapple to add a bit of sweetness. I like that the toppings are do it yourself as I tend to like more/less of certain garnishes. Theres red, green, avocado sauce, lemon, pickled onions, pico w/ lettuce, limes, onion and cilantro to choose from.  The sauce is spicy! So if you aren't down with the heat, careful before dousing your taco and place it in a cup. Definitely a very good taco for $2 each.  The owner was rather friendly, and the service was quick. He even came up to ask to make sure everything was tasting right. It looks like it's just a taco shack from the pictures, but right behind is seating on a covered patio, but is still open air. This is a CASH ONLY business, so remember to swing by the ATM. There isn't a huge blaring sign, so just look for the lights and a white trailer. Their hours start up at 4pm and go on to the night based on how busy they are.  At the end of the night, I thought about all that we ate and this was definitely the best adobada of the night and one of the most solid choices to get some in Vegas.   I wish I ate more stuff here than the rest of the stops. I will be back to try the whole range so I feel like I can't quite give it the 5 star bump knowing just one bite, but that taco definitely is highly recommended. It's not like I go to this part of town, but I will now for El Pastocito.  (Yelp 100 Challenge 42/100)
5 I got the most I could from this taco truck!  Even though I only tried one type of taco, it was downright amazing.  We parked on the street just north of the spot, which is actually a trailer with side components, like a drink station, condiment station, the "spit" where meat is roasting on the side, and a covered seating area.  This has more components than a typical food truck.  Our group swarmed in front of the truck but service was awesome.  The man taking orders was very friendly, repeated each item, and checked in with us after we got our food.  Food came out quickly and hot.  Eric R. and I ordered 3 things - 1 lengua taco for me, and he got one al pastor (pork) and added pineapple, and a carne asada on flour.  I planned to only eat one taco at each of our taco stops.  When the food came out, it was 2 lengua and the asada on flour, but no al pastor.  The man immediately said no problem, keep the extra tongue taco, and he whipped out an al pastor before we could say a word!  I am SO grateful for the double lengua because it was the best thing I ate all night.  Juicy, tender tongue cut into bite size pieces on corn tortilla - no frills.  The salsa bar was my friend.  All 3 sauces were spicy, the red being the mildest.  I love a hot green, and the "left one" which was creamy and chunky at the same time, got slathered over my tongue, and then I topped the tacos with diced onion and cilantro, squeezed a lime and wa-la!  These were so juicy, tasty, and scrumptious - melted in my mouth with a flavor explosion that was not topped by any competitor.  I would definitely return here for lengua and maybe I will try the asada or pollo.  The tongue was just THAT good!  Cash only, $2 per taco.
5 I went here with a group of Yelpers on a taco trot UYE arranged by Nelson and Sylvia Q.  This was the first stop on our quest to try tacos at three different places.  Nelson had advised that the al pastor tacos were the best he's had and who was I to disagree when he has so much experience.  I ordered two tacos--remember, we had two more spots to go and then on for a dessert stop.  The two tacos were al pastor and cabeza.  The al pastor is pork meat, seasoned, piled onto a large carousel skewer, and then cooked as it turns.  I ordered the taco with complimentary pineapple at nelson's suggestion.  The pineapple is cubed and spread over the pork pieces.  It makes a great taste combination!   The cabeza is shredded beef head.  When you get your tacos, there's a separate area on the side where there are all kinds of toppings--pico, cilantro, sauces of differing spiciness, diced onion, and limes.  With this, I ordered some guava juice.  The two tacos were outstanding!  We stood around in the small area eating our delights and having good conversation and lots of laughs.  This is a must do again!  What a great place with such pleasant people working here.  At $2 per taco and $1 per drink, it's a very good deal.  Round 1 of our taco trek was complete!
5 Nelson's UYEs are the best way to try new places. I am hardly ever on Charleston, so I would have missed out on this diamond of a taco stand. It was our first stop and was the best out of the three we hoped between.  I got the tacos al pastor with pineapple and it was huge. The shell was crisp and the meat has a nice char to it. The salsas are better than the crap served at the other restaurants. If I had one regret, it was that I didn't eat more at this place.  The staff was so friendly. My food got sent back because the guy upfront thought they were too skimpy on the meat. When I got it back, it looked like a protein plate. I almost missed this place because I got out of work late. I would have never tried this place and that would have been a travesty.
5 Came here on Nelson's UYE, and I am extremely glad I came. I've driven by this stand many times. Tonight was the opportunity to finally try this place. After following Nelson's advice, I tried the tacos al pastor, or as many as you know it as the "gyro taco". While this place offers many different types of tacos, the star here is the tacos al pastor. I can safely tell you that this is probably the best taco I have ever had in my life. The meat itself is truly remarkable. The flavors are so complex and bold, yet very well balanced. And the side sauces are unforgivingly spicy and authentic. Mix that in with the pickled vegetables, and you will have yourself an amazing meal for 2 dollars. This is a great deal. Cash Only!! I cannot wait to come back and get some more al pastor here! Thank you Nelson!!!
5 Ok...you guys convinced me.  These are the best al pastor tacos I've had!  The flavor is above and beyond others I have tried.  The portions are especially generous, given the $2 entry.  Pic is just mouthwatering! :  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taqueria-el-pastorcito-las-vegas?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#hE9164desFUpJ6yD0u3HXg  My friend ordered some quesadillas, and they took up the entire plate with generous portions, for a $5 bill!  Chorizo tacos are also very good!  A lot more fat and juiciness going on, just like it should be!  I've tried these at a few other places, and the chorizo seems dry in comparison.  I also like how the sides/toppings are DIY, so you can play around with their different salsas and toppings.  I liked the two green salsas, as they were a bit spicier than the red.  Comparing to the big names here in Vegas, I enjoyed this little taco truck much more!  Good thing it is not closer to me...I'd be eating here every other day!
5 YES.   I came back with the BF after the good intro to this place during Nelson's taco crawl UYE. This was the best of the night, but since it was the first we just got 1 taco when we should have just eaten here and gotten one taco everywhere else.   This time around it was a bit cold so we ate in our parked car, but that didn't hinder the experience at all. We also went and got aguas frescas at La Flor Michoacan to go with. This isn't what most people would be doing on Valentines day, but it was every bit us and no pressure at all. We're having a tough week so that's the last thing we needed.   We both got some of the al pastor, of course, and that is still just as juicy, savory and delicious as last time. Cabeza tacos here are fantastic too! This might be our favorite actually. I'm generally partial to cabeza and I'm telling you this is one of the best I've had in Vegas.  Chorizo - this was good too. It wasn't greasy as most places do it, but still juicy and they crisp it up a bit so the texture is really nice.  Lengua - very good lengua. Some places it can be rather gelatinous fattiness or overcooked. This was juicy, tender, good seasoning and not any of that gelly that the BF gets turned off by.   There is no forgettable meat here at all. Just because they are known for their spit carved pastor doesn't mean the rest is a afterthought. No, sirreee, everything is good! The tortillas here are homemade and have perfect bite and flavor.   I love all their 3 salsas, I am glad it is DIY topping station and I can alternate salsas in each bite as I find each brings out a different flavor to the meat. The salsas are rather spicy, specially the chunky green one. Do not pile that on thinking it's guacamole if you don't like it spicy.   This parking lot taco shack is attached to a house. I have right mind to move in and make who ever the owner of this place my abuelo. Best tacos in Vegas. Seriously. And I hate making "best of" declarations but there isn't anything comparable here. This is on par to places I grew up eating at in CA and in Mexico.
4 I came here with a few Yelpers one drunken evening.  That's all I can remember.  I do remember some parts of what happened.  There was a truck parked in a sketchy part of town I've been to that one time I got lost.  I don't recall a driveby.  I got tacos: asada, chorizo,THE al pastor that Michael K and Roger T had recommended, and an horchata.  The food came out quick.  I went to the table with all the condiments and put globs upon globs of "guacamole" because I like guacamole.  I took a bite of the asada taco first and OMG!  That green stuff was not guacamole at all!  I burnt my tastebuds and sobered up quickly.  From what I kind of tasted, the chorizo and al pastor tacos were flavorful. It was supposed to be $2 per taco.  I gave them a $20 and only got $4 back - I must've paid for everyone's tacos.  I got home and felt sick.  I was sick to my stomach for a few days.  Now, that I have Pastorcito bacteria in my gut, I should come back there and give it another shot...I won't be going there alone.
5 Came back to the Al Pastor Kings when Mom and Pop were in town. Its cool to see that they're always down to try stuff, especially when you can't get this kind of quality Mexican grub back in Hawaii.  I got a few tacos for mom and Pop to try- a couple of Al Pastor, Lengua, and Cabeza. I was hungry and I wanted to try a Torta de Al Pastor, and Wifey got a Burrito de Al Pastor. My torta was HUGE! It covered the whole plate and the bread was toasted nicely, and very generous with the al pastor, pineapple, tomato, and avocado.  Wifey's Burrito was a slight disappointment-generous on the meat, skimpy on the cheese, barely any beans, and no rice FYI...better off sticking to the tacos and tortas. Mom and Pop enjoyed their tacos and loved the cabeza the most . I was glad that I could get them away from their usual In-N-Out fix for a change, and they were very pleased. Again, Mom said "This is way better than the Mexican spots back home." Gotta agree with Mom on that too!....ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(62/100) "Street Grindz with Mom and Pop"
5 First of all, I am not an expert on Mexican food not by any stretch of imagination.  Second, I don't venture out to East Charleston very often, but when I do it has always been to try Mexican food spots recommended by Nelson Q or my Mexican coworkers.  Based on my experiences, I still feel comfortable stating that East Charleston is home to most of my personal short list of crème de la crème Mexican eateries in Las Vegas.  Taqueria El Pastorcito (TEP), being one of these recommended destination.  TEP is an outdoor food stand rather than a traditional restaurant.  But they have built a covered area with tables and seating to accommodate their customers, so you do not have to eat while standing.  Their menu offerings are pretty simple, which allows them to prepare all of them very well.  Taco al pastor, is one of their top specialties.  It is seasoned pork cooked on vertical revolving spit-grill, much like Lebanese shawarma (similar to Greek gyro) with a piece of fresh onion and a pineapple on top.  If you order this, be sure to ask for pineapples with your order.  The sweet grilled pineapple simply pairs nicely with cooked pork, and you don't really need any additional condiments or salsa.  Taco Cabeza is my personal favorite item here. I know the translation (shredded beef head) might give some pause, but be brave and adventurous and your mouth will be rewarded with flavorful and tender morsels of beef generously served on taco.  Suadero (Beef Brisket) equals tender cubes of beef packing some serious flavor. Top with some of their homemade and far superior tasting salsa (relative to other competitors), it is simply worth the trip to this part of town.  Still not convinced if you should give TEP a try? Did I mention that their tacos are about $2 each.  There are usually a respectable and steady line of customers, especially late at night (after clubbing) here. Plus friendly staff taking and making your order.  Yep, a winning trifecta combination of elements.  The only con I can think of, is that sometimes when I head out to this neck of the woods, they are closed (on a Tuesday or Wednesday evening).  So call ahead or verify their schedule the next time you order your tacos from them.  Made in New York City!  Get a rope.  (which of you old timers know that reference?)  5 stars
4 Stop two on the recent Taco Trek UYE.  Taqueria El Pastorcito.  I'm nervous.  They are located on a small, dark corner and I don't know where to park.  I'm afraid to leave my car.  But I am with a group and several have been here before.  So I guess I am safe.  I found a place to park in front of a bridal shop that is closed for the evening and walk across the street to the taco stand.  The al pastor taco has been recommended to me.  I was told to order it with pine apple.  I have also decided to step out of my comfort zone and try a cabeza taco.  Suck it up, Jared.  Its just food.  I placed my order and a few minutes later it was ready.  I did not get pine apple on my al pastor taco as I had ordered but I don't think the man taking the orderes understood me.  No matter, it was delicious as is.  As for the cabeza taco, it was not at all off putting in its aroma and not gamey in the least.  It was very mild.  My main complaint with it is that is was very oily and greasy.  I did not much care for the residue it left in my mouth.  But I ate it, I enjoyed it and I will likely never order it again.  Its just not my thing.  One feature that makes this place stand out amongst the taco stands of the Las Vegas Valley, this one has seating.  There is a small caged patio behind the stand with some tables and chairs.  That makes it nice when you order something like the torta that is the size of your head.  No joke.  This was a giant sandwich.  I didn't order one but I saw somebody else order it.  Unreal.
4 This was stop number 2 on our taco trek UYE. I have had Taqueria El Pastorcito bookmarked ever since I heard the al pastor tacos here were the best in town, so I was eager to see if it lived up to my favorite al pastor tacos over at Tacos El Gordo.   I noticed as we pulled up to Taqueria El Pastorcito (and luckily found a parking spot) a large group in front of the taco stand before yelp could even show up and take over. There is parking, but it is limited so be prepared to possibly park along the side street of Taqueria El Pastorcito. Since there was such a group already and yelpers were now arriving, I was confused to where we were supposed to order at, but a man guided us over to his line and took our order. I asked about the "Suadero" (beef brisket) and he said to wait a minute..... so I waited.... and he came back with a plate of suadero for me to sample just to make sure I liked it. I was surprised at the amount he gave me to try! All I needed was a tortilla to wrap around it and I would have had a taco! I took the plate of suadero over to a group of yelpers to try so I could save my appetite for a couple tacos.   I ordered a "Al Pastor Taco" and a "Suadero Taco" both with pineapple. These tacos were $2 each. The al pastor taco came with pineapple yet the suadero didn't. WTH? The pineapple and corn tortillas weren't a favorite of mine at all. The corn tortillas were greasy and tough. I wish I had stopped at the condiment bar next the al pastor spit/rotisserie just to help the tortilla go down better. The pineapple was kind of mushy and cut into smaller chunks then I'm used to. The suadero was obviously delicious or I wouldn't have ordered it after sampling it. I recommend everyone try the suadero  at least once! The al pastor was also delicious. Very flavorful and lives up to the hype. This is also a must try! Now do I like the pastor here better then Tacos El Gordo? HECK NO! Tacos El Gordo FTW!   Taqueria El Pastorcito has a covered/caged (sounds spooky but don't even trip) seating area. I think this is a plus since most taco trucks/stands do not. Taqueria El Pastorcito offers too many menu items to mention, but they have the usual tacos, burritos, quesadillas and tortas. I saw another person who got a torta and holy cow they are h-u-g-e! I want to come back and try a al pastor torta ( I hear it has fresh avocado and tomatoes on it too!) and the "Al Pastor con Queso Taco" to give melted cheese a try on my al pastor taco. Don't be scared of the neighborhood, just have an open mind and enjoy!
3 This was my least favorite stop on our taco trek UYE. I wanted to like it after hearing so much about it but it just wasn't a big winner for me. First of all there were so many people grouped in front of the truck that I nor my wife new where the line was. A guy called us over, but then went back and forth between taking our order and 2 other customers orders. My wife did ask about the beef brisket (saudero) and the guy gave her a good sized sample. I thought it was good, but not like the brisket I eat on sandwiches. I ordered a carne asada taco on a flour tortilla. I am used to Tacos El Gordo putting everything on the taco for me so having to wait for my taco and then wait to make my way through a group of people hovering over the condiment car and load it up myself, just doesn't pan out for me. I have no idea how much hair, debris and who knows what else has landed in the condiment bar so I just didn't want to risk it. Then it was off to eat in the caged and covered seating area. I felt like I was in jail! It was also mad hot and I felt like I was in a sweat lodge or something. The taco wasn't bad but it wasn't spectacular. I just thought it was edible and so-so. My wife liked this place better then me but I have no reason to come back. I am glad I got to try it out though.
5 For what it is, it's excellent. Can't beat this hole in the wall taco joint. Al pastor is what it's about. Love that I can put on my own toppings as well. Gives me more control of how much onion, cilantro, and sauce I want. Love love love it.
4 This taco stand isn't difficult to locate or notice while driving on Charleston Boulevard, but it's certainly not an area I've been prior to last night's visit. It's home to many unsavory characters, so it's definitely nice to come with a group. Parking is tricky though. There's a very narrow street next to the spot they're in and if there are cars parked along each side, only one car can pass at a time. The good thing is that it's not a type of place one stays long since the food is prepared quickly and it's usually gulped down within minutes.  The space surrounding the stand is pretty tight and at the corner of two streets, so if it's busy, it takes a little more maneuvering around the crowd. There's a gentleman taking orders and one window for pick-up. On the left side is the salsa bar and the coveted Al Pastor spinning in and out of fire.  I ordered two Al Pastor tacos with pineapple at $2/each (all of their tacos are $2 including Asada, Cabeza, and Chorizo). Their tacos are larger than your typical stand tacos, which was awesome, and loaded with a nice heaping of meat! Their pineapple was fresh, not canned, so it was slightly more tart. I liked that it was fresh, but it lacked the sweetness that the pineapple normally contributes to the Pastor. It added too much acidity for me. The pork was flavorful and tender. I liked that the cuts were larger, meatier, and done well. I loaded my tacos with Pico de Gallo, onions, cilantro, and one with a couple salsas. Even their medium and mild salsas were pretty spicy, so I would probably skip on them the next time. The Pastor wasn't my favorite, but they were still really good!  Solid taco stand with great prices, generous portions, and awesome flavors. I'll probably never find myself in the area again, but I would definitely hitch along if other people want to go.
4 Updating my review from 2013.    The taco truck is still pretty good, but the quality, execution and consistency of the tacos that were ordered (Al Pastor and Cabeza) were down since my past visits.  The Al Pastor taco is still one of the better tasting ones that I know of in Las Vegas, but I can do without the extra puddle of grease that runs down the side of my face and hand as I tried to eat my tacos.  Hopefully it was just an off night for them, because this was one of the clear winner of past taco trek events.  Also the covered area where we could sit and eat at is now locked up and serves as storage.  Thanks a lot our ever so awesome Health Inspectors.  Why drive across town to hit up Taqueria El Pastorcito (TEP), assuming this is not the part of town you work or reside in?  The portion is pretty generous, the workers are nice, and they still serve good tacos for about $2 each.  Review #14 of 2014
3 So I tried the Al Pastor taco at this stop. Meh...it was okay, nothing to write home about. It just didn't have a lot of flavor. I have had better. I'd eat there again if in the area but I doubt it.  There is really no where good to park, its on the corner of a tiny residential street. The area can be considered sketchy, so best to come with a few friends. The staff was friendly and fast. Prices were good. Appeared clean.
4 I ate so much here I hurt myself. I also forgot what I ordered (besides a few al pastor 'cos), so I can't really go into too much detail here, but what I do know is that what I had was pretty darn delicious. My bud and I grabbed 5 tacos, 4 special 'cos with extra toppings and two drinks, with our will coming out to around $20. There are some die-hards out there who refuse to pay more than $1 for a street taco, but I'm not that guy and think that 2 hungry (tipsy) dudes who can eat themselves sick for around $10 is a darn good deal. Parking is a b*tch here, but there's this amazing attendant who will walk you through squeezing in and out of a spot. If you're looking for some delicious cheap eats downtown, make the trip here!   Warning: you might be mesmerized by the al pastor spit. Mmmm spit...
5 Best el pastor in Vegas. Chatted with a nice customer about the many cuisines of Mexico. He also, thankfully, talked me through the salsas here and saved me from the innocent-looking guacasalsa. That is the firey one, fyi, not the bright orange one next to it. :-)
5 Had the pastor ranchero, lengua and one that they told me was cheek but must have been something else - all were great; enjoyed sitting on the stoop next to the dying pigeon protecting the out of commission coke machine and people watching.  All part of the ambiance that made the meal so perfect.
