5 LA fitness is a fantastic gym. There is always more than enough space for everyone who goes. The staff are incredible and the personal trainers are some of the best I've ever worked out with.
1 DECEMBER: I am let down again with another company's customer service! LA fitness is and athletic club located on Victoria Street which can pressure you into buying services that are not necessary. I got a tour of the facility and was overly impressed but after trying a few hours later I was very disappointed with the environmental feel of the club. I spoke with the person that was helping me earlier and asked if I can cancel my membership because I am not enjoying the feeling of this club. He said "that it'll take time to get used to and just tried for two months and let us know how you feel about it." I told the gentleman that I am quite confident that I would like to cancel my membership and if you could please do so and refund me of my payment. The employees said that he was unable to cancel a contract because you have to be within the contract under the time specified; which was two months.  I left with frustration and disappointment. When I returned home I read over the contract and the second paragraph it said, that I am able to cancel the contract after ten days of receiving the paper contract, and they would need to refund me of the full amount within 15 days after a cancellation. I returned to LA fitness and presented the employee with the document and requested to refund my money. He was unable to do this because the operation manager was not working at the time, which is fine with me. But in the end I felt like I was being jerked around, pressured in keeping my membership and felt like they were on commission. Would never recommend this athletic club to anyone.  JANUARY: Even though I canceled my membership with LA fitness, they have just put gasoline on the fire today. I have received a cold call from LA fitness asking if I'm still interested in using my complementary personal training session. For a second I was thinking that my current gym is calling me 'GoodLife' but it's so happens to be the obnoxious trainer from LA fitness who was extremely displeased that I canceled my membership after 48 hours of having a membership with them. Here is one more reason why LA fitness is a terrible company. In addition to my bad experience, it's also shows how bad a company is if they don't embrace fearless feedback from their customers. I was unable to find any resources on their main website to be able to voice any complaints or to speak to any customer service representative. In the end I had to look up on Google what their HQ telephone number to voice my complaints directly to the company.
5 My experience so far has been great. I was greeted by a laid back sale's guy (as shocking as that seems) and he just walked me through the gym casually and gave me the various package options. It was pretty good I must say. The club itself looks great and the sauna and whirlpool in the change rooms is a bonus!
3 LA Fitness has been my gym for years, and I'll be honest: they're middle of the road. They have lots of free weights and resistance machines, so if you're looking for those you're in luck. There are lots of cardio machines, but they're getting to be a little on the old side and don't have the fancy new individual TV screens. They do have large shared TV's but rely on old school FM radio if you want sound. There is one large studio which is great for classes and a separate spinning studio. I just use my iPad, so it doesn't matter to me.  As with any gym, I'd suggest trying the classes to see if they're the right pace for you. I'm not fond of the classes at LA, but that doesn't mean they aren't right for you - heck, there are very few fitness classes anywhere that I like.  The men's changeroom (and I assume the women's too) has a spa area with a steam room and a whirlpool. When I first joined, I thought I'd use the whirlpool all of the time, but I'm no longer fond of it and it's broken about 1/4 of the time anyway. The steam room is really nice, but I've always been a fan of sauna.  I'm not fond of the personal trainers, but then I'm not fond of personal trainers in general. The crowd at LA fitness tends to be a little on the older side and a little bit more blue-collar than at Goodlife.  One nice part: they take payment by credit card. Makes it super easy if you need to cancel. Also: they are about middle of the road for pricing. Cheaper than GoodLife, more expensive than World's.  The Good: * Lots of free weights * Lots of resistance machines * Lots of cardio equipment, if a little bit older * Spa in the changeroom  The Middling: * Price (reasonably cheap, good value for what it is) * Classes (depends on what you're looking for)  The Bad: * Shared TV's with FM audio * Can't recommend their trainers
