5 I am so happy Papa Murphy's came to our part of town! For newbies like me, they create the pizza in shop and you take it home and bake it. It is perfect for me and the boyfriend as they will make a pizza 3/4 pepperoni with no complaints leaving me happy with cheese and him happy with pepperoni. The staff is friendly. The coupons or deals are normally pretty good. It is more expensive than the Domino's $5 large, but I think the quality shows. Love being able to cook the pizza as long as I like. For fast food, I think Papa Murphy's is hard to beat.
4 This PM franchise is owned by a nice couple from Oregon, and they clearly care about their customers.  When the wife is working, this place is the friendliest joint in town.  I have zero complaints about the service here when she's working.  (And the pizza is pretty darn good, too.)  Her team of young ladies, however, can sometimes be a little more detached.  It's great that they're helpful, but they are inconsistent with the "Take 'N' Bake Club" stamps (their rewards program for repeat purchases), and I have been shorted my proper stamps several times.  Mentioning this to the owner yielded no empathy, so points off for that.  I deserve my recognition for coming back and buying more pizza, thank you.  Their freshness is the key here, and what makes this chain of pizza purveyors different seems to be the quality of the ingredients.  Love the rich, robust sauce, the cheese (which is NOT greasy - yay!), and the fresh mushrooms.  Food for thought: Canned mushrooms are a punishment for those people willing to settle for crap pizza.  And we enjoy the "de-lite" selections of thin-crust pizzas when we need to dial back the carb intake.  As a side note, the other poster, Katherine, obviously didn't know about the Thunderbird or Union Hills locations (run by different owners), but Papa Murphy's' has been around for awhile now.    Bottom line: The pizza is very good, but come during the day when the owners are there.  It's a better experience.
2 When this one first opened we got pizza twice a both times it made my boyfriend and I sick!
5 This is kind of a neat concept but I've heard people say they order pizza so they won't have to cook.  Well, if you order delivery, you have to WAIT, so listen up!  My fiance' and I went in to pick up a couple of pizzas off of their coupon specials.  We were greeted at the door by the owner.  She walked us through the process (since we had never done this before) which was extremely simple.  We ordered, we waited about 5 minutes and our pizzas were ready, freshly prepared right in front of us.  We got home, stuck one of them in the oven (the other in the freezer for later) and it was ready in about 15 minutes.  Quicker than delivery!  BEST PIZZA I'VE PROBABLY EVER HAD!  The ingredients were fresh, the crust was amazing and I will be a regular!    Don't think you want to cook it yourself?  Then suffer with the bad pizza deliveries out there, I'm going to Papa Murphy's!  =)
