1 I wish I could say this was a great place, but unfortunately it just sucked. The staff was nice but the dentist was not nice nor professional. He gave me Novocain in my cheek! In a two hour appointment he only spent an hour with me, making me wait while my mouth was in pain, and prepped to have my cavities filled. He didn't feel like finishing the job (AS WAS SCHEDULED) and ended up scheduling me for a week later even though they knew I had prior arrangements to be out of town for school and needed my dental work done before I left.  I think that says it all.  I would not recommend this dentist to anyone
5 Can't say enough great things about the dentists at Urgent Dental.  I've been going to see Dr. Atwood ever since we came to his office at 2am one morning a couple of years ago to treat me for a bad toothache.  A couple of years later and my teeth are fixed and whiter than ever.  FRIENDLIEST STAFF IN TOWN!  The staff is accessible, accommodating, professional and friendly.  I go out of my way and half way across town to see this doctor.  I've recommended friends and family to Urgent Dental and will continue to do so.  Thank you guys for all you've done!
5 Seriously had the best dental experience at Urgent Dental!! I've had a fear of the dentist for years, Dr.Atwood changed this for me. He and his staff were beyond amazing, and I will continue to go here for my future work.
5 These guys are great!  We showed up at the office unannounced on a late Saturday afternoon holding a couple of my son's permanent teeth after an accident.  I was a frazzled mom trying to keep an upset kid from getting even more upset.. the staff was fantastic!  They didn't miss a beat.  They took us back right away and the female dentist assured us immediately that everything was going to be ok.  Everyone who helped us that day was kind and very skilled in their profession.  We were very lucky to have our son's teeth saved and would highly recommend these guys to anyone!
1 Think twice before going... if I could save just one person from the pain and aggravation both my mom and I have had from this dentist it would make me happy.  I saw another dentist today who said there was two things from this office I should report to the ADA!!
5 I'm gonna start off with how much I do not like going to the dentist!! OK not liking it is putting it very nicely.  But I actually had a good experience today at Urgent dental! Miss Kathy up front was pleasant when I called and great when I arrived. I didn't have to wait long and the whole visit went by fairly quickly. Nadia the dental assistant was efficient and very friendly Which helped calm my anxiety, then Dr.Atwood came in was professional and before I knew it I was on my way home. A huge sincere Thank you to the whole Urgent dental team!!!! I'm a Vegas concierge I know a good company when I have a great experience. Whether you're visiting or a local, this is a great dentist with a great team!
1 This place is very misleading I spent 2 hours there... explained I could either get my tooth pulled or have a root canal.  I chose root canal and paid almost $500... I was informed I needed to come back and get a permanent filling n crown n got quoted  about $1200 for the next visit. I called my normal dentist n they were going to do the procedure for $800 but when my dentist called urgent care they informed them that I didn't have a root canal... they just drained the tooth when the whole time they explained to me that a root canal is being done. The dental assistant even said... " I bet when u woke up today u weren't planning on getting a ROOT CANAL". I would not recommend this place. Now I need to spend more $ then I need to.
