4 Tonight was the first training night at Nandos and all was well.   There's an upstairs so it's a large restaurant and plenty of space between tables.   Staff lovely and friendly. This is a great place to go if you want chicken, to be served quickly and know what to expect.   I like Nandos, it's simple if not formulaic but tasty food and I like to go there from time to time!  However, if you are not from Edinburgh, there a lots of lovely independent restaurants near by too!
3 Nandos is Nandos is Nandos.  I'll admit it. I like Nandos for what it is. It's a chain so you know the quality before you choose, and if I'm honest the quality for spit-roasted chicken (or however they do it) is pretty good for a fancy lunch or 'cheap and cheerful' dinner. Except it's not *that* cheap. £10 for half a roast chicken?  Why do I come to Nandos? Because they do a lot of chicken and a lot of spice. And I like chicken and spice. Usually they're located beside cinemas or in leisure parks (like up at Fountain Bridge, or in Xscape in Glasgow). And they are the perfect pre-cinema or post-rock climbing lunch option. And lunch is usually what I go here for.  It has the feel of fast-food but it's far better quality and I'd wager much better for you than any other fast food place.  However, this one is sitting right beside a few other restaurants that are favourites of mine. As in, favourites in the whole of Edinburgh. So when it comes to dinner time I definitely know I'll be choosing them over Nandos.  Also, I looked at the opening hours on the website and unless it's wrong they only open till 5pm? So that means they really are only a lunch place? Hmm.  Nandos really is a-ok. It's not *good* dining, it's not *bad*. It's great for families with kids where the parents want something better than waffles, beans and eggs but can take the kids without any worry you'll upset other customers with noisy, exciteable children smooshing fries into their face (literally INTO their face). And it's good for big groups. I can imagine given the area it'll get busy with school kids too?
2 I was SO excited to go to Nandos as I'd been years ago and had very fond memories.  I have to say though, I was sorely disappointed!    Although I have to say, I think it is a great idea how you choose your filling, type of meal (eg pita bread, bun, etc) and also the spiceyness of the sauce - the lemon and mango numbers are great for those would like flavour but can't stand hot and spicey!!!    However I just thought that for what you got (a glorified burger basically) that it is well overpriced.  When I went I ordered two main meals plus two drinks and I barely got a few pennies in change from £30?!?!?!  Now the way I look at it is for this price I could have gone to a pretty decent restaurant and would have enjoyed spending that amount of money there rather than giving it to a place that is just a step up from McDonalds.  In fact, considering I can buy a meal for two for less than a tenner in McDonalds I think I prefer it to Nandos!!!    Don't get me wrong, the food was good but so is a Big Mac from time to time so in the end it was just an expensive burger and I've had better!    I'm sad to say, my Nandos bubble was well and truly burst!
4 aw i feel a bit bad that this nando's seems to have gotten some mediocre reviews.  i, for one, LOVE some nandos!  and this place was perfect when the boyfriend and i were looking for a late(ish) night bite to eat.    it was coming up to 10pm on a saturday night and we both were starving for dinner!  i was hoping something would be open along george vi bridge and lo and behold, the welcoming lights of Nandos!!  we entered and i was surprised that for 10pm this place was fairly busy.  however we were shown to a seat quickly and the waiter confirmed that we knew how the ordering system, etc worked.  at this point i don't even bother to look at the menu as i always order the same thing and i can confirm that the halluomi and portabello pita was just as good as it always is.  in fact it was probably better than usual as i was a bit tipsy and starving!  the coleslaw was tasty and the chips freshly made.  so all in all a really good meal for less than a tenner.  the boyfriend was equally happy with his chicken wrap.  i felt that the service was quick and attentive and honestly i can't think of anything negative to say.  especially as this place was still seating people when we left closer to 11pm!  yay for a proper late night meal :)
5 Nandos was by far my favorite chain restaurant in Europe. The butterfly burger was amazing, as I had one in the London, Dublin, and Edinburgh location. A must have if visiting!
