5 I hired Kaia to make a Batman cake for my son's 4th Birthday - and it was the best idea I ever had! She made the most Amazing cake I've ever seen in my life. Not only was it GORGEOUS to look at, but it was DELICIOUS, which is very important. The cake looked like it came out of a magazine. She went above and beyond what I had given her for ideas. She was also super patient when I couldn't make up my mind as to what KIND of cake I wanted. So many yummy options. The best part were her prices are awesome too...!!! Great deal all around. Everyone is still talking about the cake! :) Can't wait to have another reason for her to make something for me!!!
5 I ordered a birthday cake for my fiance, but I didn't know what kind to get, because he is very picky.  Kaia and I discussed the kinds of sweets he does like, and she suggested a layered chocolate cake with a light cream frosting, layers of creamy filling, and Oreo cookies.  This was the most amazing cake I have ever had.  The chocolate cake was moist and flavorful without being overpowering, and the creamy layers and whipped cream frosting were light and creamy deliciousness.  My fiance, who asked me NOT to get him a cake, fell in love with the cake and told me we would not be sharing the cake.  (I ordered the 8-inch cake, and I estimate that it serves 20 people or more, so this is a LOT of cake for the two of us).  My typical gripe about gourmet cakes and cupcakes is that they look lovely and have good frosting but usually lack flavor and texture in the cake.  Kaia's cake blew me away, because the cake was light yet moist and rich in flavor but not overly sweet.  I will definitely be coming back for more!  I highly recommend Sweet Affairs to anyone who is looking for a delicious gourmet cake for any occasion.
4 Quality was great, I ordered the cookies and some cake truffles.  HOLY BEJEEZUS those truffles were HUGE!  The cake truffles were moist but not gooey like the Starbucks cake pops, which is how I always want those to taste, but they never do.  The cookies - sour cream sugar cookies- were as moist as they sound and again HUGE. Individually wrapped, the price to quality ratio is way in favor of the customer.
5 I ordered cupcakes for a baby shower that I was throwing and I could not have been more pleased!! Not only were they beautiful, but the taste was divine! Everyone was asking where they were from and I was happy to share my new find and recommend Sweet Affairs.  With all the cupcakes places popping up on every corner, I've been disappointed over and over again. I'm so happy to have found this wonderful company!
4 They are fantastic! I seem to always find a Groupon or Living Social deal for them... and they are absolutely amazing. Even though you are more limited as far as what you can get from the groupon or living social... those cupcakes are great! And I have had alot of cupcakes... and Sweet Affairs is well above the standard.   They are very responsive to emails as well. So if you ever need cupcakes delivered for people's b day's or special occasions... GET THEM FROM SWEET AFFAIRS! i promise you won't be disappointed.  At least from what all the friends I have got them for... they tell me that they LOVED THEM
1 This place is a joke. Truth is I have no idea if the cupcakes taste good or not. I bought a groupon and was excited to get these cupcakes for a birthday party and was told that they are only available 2 days out of the whole week. Hope to et a refund from groupon.
1 I bought a Groupon for them and first they would not fill the order because they were apparently too busy.  When they finally got back to me by email they stated that they would deliver by June 11, 2013.  With no communication as to why, it was not until yesterday that they finally delivered what were most arguably the worst cupcakes I have ever tasted.  They lacked flavor, they were dried out and hard as a rock, the icing was slimy and flavorless, and I could not even make it through one of them before I was so disgusted that I threw the rest away.  Horrible at best and I will never buy anything from that "bakery" again.
1 I ordered the dozen of cupcakes through Groupon about a week ago and it was supposed to be delivered yesterday because I was going to a birthday party and  I was in charge of bringing deserts so, I remembered I purchased this deal a while ago n I decided to use it. I needed it for Wednesday but, they don't work on Wednesday I guess so, I ordered it for Tuesday. It was never delivered to my house I tried calling them couple of times no one answers the phone it goes straight to voicemail so I left couple of messages to c what was going on still haven't received any calls or emails from them. I had to go get deserts last minute 10min til when the party was supposed to start so, I spent extra money I already spent on them...it was such a stressful day for me over a stupid cupcakes! Am I ever gonna get any type of service from them or how can I get a refund from Groupon? If u don't wanna work don't put ur business out there n disappear......
1 This company is beyond ridiculous and very unprofessional!!! I bought a deal through Groupon for a dozen cupcakes. I placed an order online(the only way you can order with them if using Groupon) on Sunday that was supposed to be delivered yesterday(Thursday). I noticed I never received a confirmation after I placed my order, so on Monday, I called them and left messages numerous times. No one ever answered! I got so fed up, so I contacted Groupon to get a refund. Groupon told me they'll contact them, and they should get back to me. SURPRISE!!! I never got a call back from this company, and of course my order was never delivered yesterday. At this point, I didn't care anymore and actually was so glad my order didn't go through because I don't want to do business/support lousy businesses like Sweet Affairs. HORRIBLE!
5 Wow wow we wow! Kaia catered my baby shower and provided a dessert bar.  Everything was a huge hit.  I am not sure what my favorite was either the Banana Toffee Pound Cake, the Cream Cheese Sugar cookies, or the mini Key Lime Cheesecakes.  Or maybe it was the berry filled cake.  We had a big co-ed party and three days later everyone is still talking about how amazing all of the food was and the desserts.  Highly recommend, although conflicted, because I want to keep her to myself!
