2 It is HARD to spend more than $45 at this market which is a plus I guess? This is not a place to come if you are buying anything other than pre-packaged or *some* frozen food. To buy the meat is to take your life into your own hands... I have actually witnessed E-Coli shopping here.  ALSO this is NOT a place to come if you are in a hurry. I think I have literally seen people DIE in line and have the staff from the hospital across the street come to wheel them away still clutching their ghetto poison in their hands.  I will be honest. The neighborhood around where I live does not attract the glitteratti, the posh, or the newly minted moneied... however that doesn't mean that there aren't some here. I love to see them in this market along with the large amount of riff raff that we have here in Las Vegas (why is that by the way).  I find the most awesome deals on staples in cans, boxes, and baggies here. Booze pricing is alright but beer selection tends to lean towards the gangster (lean). This one is for me, this one is for my dead homies who were arrested and/or shot in the raid on the grow house at the Country Club just behind the store.  The main thrust and issue I have isn't that this is a low income bastion... the REAL issue I have is just how slow the service is... in fact to call it service is a DISSERVICE. SPEED UP THE CHECK OUT PROCESS!  We have a joke in my household that you can't just run to Dollar General Market... you can run there but you will be far older when you return. SO instead just go to Albertsons which is what we do when we need higher quality items and are happy to pay for self check out and/or faster service.  I would not purchase meat at Dollar General Market... how I wish you were a Fresh & Easy instead.   Es difícil pasar más de $ 45 en este mercado, que es una ventaja supongo? Este no es un lugar para venir si usted está comprando algo que no sea pre-empaquetados o * un poco de comida congelada *. Para comprar la carne es tomar su vida en sus propias manos ... He sido testigo de E-Coli compras aquí.  Además, este no es un lugar para venir si estás en un apuro. Creo que he visto literalmente personas mueren en línea y contar con el personal del hospital al otro lado de la calle llegan a la rueda a la basura sin soltar su veneno ghetto en sus manos.  Voy a ser honesto. El barrio alrededor de donde yo vivo no atrae la glitteratti, el pijo, o la recién acuñada moneied ... Sin embargo, eso no quiere decir que no haya algunos aquí. Me encantaría verlos en este mercado junto con la gran cantidad de riff raff que tenemos aquí en Las Vegas (¿por qué es que por el camino).  Me encontrar las ofertas más increíbles en productos básicos en latas, cajas y bolsitas aquí. Booze precio está bien, pero la selección de cerveza tiende a inclinarse hacia el gángster (magra). Esta es para mí, esto es para mis homies muertos que fueron detenidos y / o de un disparo en el allanamiento de la casa de cultivo en el Country Club, justo detrás de la tienda.  El principal problema que tengo y no es que este es un bastión de bajos ingresos ... el problema real que tengo es qué tan lento el servicio es ... de hecho, por llamarlo de servicio es un flaco favor. Acelerar el proceso de check out!  Tenemos una broma en mi casa que no puedes correr al mercado Dollar General ... puede ejecutar allí, pero te será mucho mayor cuando regrese. Así que en lugar basta con ir a Albertsons, que es lo que hacemos cuando tenemos mayores elementos de calidad y están dispuestos a pagar por sí mismo y echa un vistazo a service / o más rápido.  Yo no compraría carne en el mercado de Dollar General ... cómo me gustaría que fuera un Fresh & Easy en su lugar.
1 Awful place.  Prices are higher than the corner 7-Eleven.  The workers are unhappy.  The manager looked like he hadn't showered and he told his employee to break after working two hours.  I know this because they talked about it while the employee was ringing me up.  :-/. Rude and not worth it.
2 Produce never seems very fresh.. Bought some hot dogs and only noticed when we got back they were past the 'use by' date by a couple weeks.   Service is alright, but the employees usually seem in a bad mood.
