3 When lost in the desert and hungry beggars cannot be choosers. Well, I found Youngtown Cafe. I felt like I was transported back to the 50's ( couldn't tell anyone what the 50's are like). I walked in and was starved. I was created with a large smile and how are you.   Sat down and looked over the menu, the prices we from another the and the menu was very NYC diner. I ordered the French Dip and it was really good for $5.75.  Total bill for lunch was $10 with a $3+ tip.    Once agin, I would like to give a 3.5 star rating, but cannot. Over time i have really grown to understand the 4 andy 5 star and what they mean.  Food and service were great, but based on the rating scale 3.5 is where they should be.
5 If you're looking for good quality home cooked style mexican food off the beaten path this is a great place. I had red enchiladas with chicken. It is obviously a home made sauce. I asked they confirmed it was. My companion had Han
5 I've never been disappointed with the new ownership. Great service and very personable people. Again great food.
5 New owners are great. Great food, made to order, no frozen meat, good prices too. Food is fresh, not frozen, and made to order, honestly. Had pecan crusted cod for the first time but will definitely have it again.  Best place that has ever been in that location. I wish i could post a pic cause he makes the greatest apple pancakes. It was big enough to feed two of us.  Hope more people will start going. They have had it about a month. They also keep it super clean.  GREAT PLACE!!!!! I did post a pic of the apple pancake made by owners son.  It was awesome and fed two of us.  Glad he is teaching his family to make these, I really hope they keep them. The owner seems to want everyone to have a great meal at a great price, fresh, which is awesome.  You have to try this place!!!!!
5 I had the most amazing hamburger at youngtown cafe. It was made with fresh meat and had avocado on it.  I believe it is called mama burger(something like that).  I hate frozen burger patties so that made it even more amazing.
5 Yet another great new meal. Chicken Limon!!!  Wow it was awesome. What a great place.
5 I wanted chicken enchilidas with green sauce.  They made the green to honor my request.  It was awesome, so is the red.  They dont use tomatos to make it.  You get 4 good size enchilidas for a great price.  I love a place that honors special requests. Thank goodness business is getting better.
5 Best pancakes ever.  I dont know how they make the batter, but it is the best i have ever had.  So far i have had blueberry and strawberry, both had homemade syrup (blueberry and strawberry).  I will never eat pancakes anyplace else, EVER!  Next i want the banana.  I have to get a short stack cause i cant eat a full one.  Man, these are the best ever.  I have eaten pancakes in many, many places, but never again. You have to try these
5 Very good food!!! Omg The Apple Pancake is to die for!!! Very good prices. Look the staff. First time here but definitely will come back. Nice restaurant very clean an pretty.
5 The hours for this restaurant are: Saturday through thursday: 6 am to 2pm Friday: 7 am to 7 pm If u have doubts, call them.
5 So good! Don't let the run down strip mall and the fact that this place is empty scare you away! So delicious! We had the chorizo omelette and the banana pancakes. The pancakes were unreal good and the omelette was so fluffy and they use good quality chorizo. Our waitress kept the coffee coming and even brought us a sample Alice of the apple pancake. Be warned it takes 45-60 minutes for the apple pancake we were too hungry to wait but you can call ahead and order it our waitress told us.
3 Traditional food & minimalistic decor.   I had some good praline pancakes (if it wasn't praline, it was something similar) & eves dropped on some scandalous conversations, lol.   The service was excellent!
5 The crowd today was awesome.  Everyone loved the food.  I cant post a picture because I don't know if the people would want their picture posted, but believe me, there was an awesome crowd.  Way to go Youngtown Café!!!
3 We have been there several times for breakfast and once for dinner since it opened a few months ago.  It has always been almost empty since it was a new business, but the service was good and the limited menu produced excellent food.  The owner and waitresses were all very friendly, and we would not hesitate to eat there again.  The one evening meal we ate was on a Friday and they only had about 4 choices available for diners, including a fish fry and a pasta dish.  They are hampered a bit by the seedy strip mall they are located in, and the lack of consumer traffic in the plaza, but they are trying hard to be successful and we try to patronize them in the summer when our usual places are often closed on Sundays.
4 The almond fish was some of the best...ever! The mashed potatoes, yes, mashed potatoes, were great. It was obvious by the friendly attitude of the staff that it was family...and they cared about their quality of food and service.  Not bad for just stopping in to try it!
5 Excellent food great service. The staff is friendly and nice. The food is excellent and fresh made from scratch. They serve American and Mexican food. Been there many times. The apple pancake is to die for.
4 Great food & friendly service. Very clean restaurant. The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing. This was my first visit, I will be back.
5 I probably shouldn't say this........ But, Wow! Great food, great service. the reason I shouldn't say this is it might get so crowded I'll have to wait in line. Just sayin'! Really, really, really GOOD!
4 Cute little place and our waitress was great. Prices are very reasonable, thankfully so because my date forgot his wallet so I picked up the tab. Hahahaha!
