1 I'm not sure what it is about Carter's that people love so much. Sure, they have some cute stuff, but if it's not decked out in hideous 'Mommy Loves Me' baby animal decals, it's completely overpriced for what it is. They do have decent sales every now and then, but the same stuff usually lands itself in Marshalls and/or TJ Maxx, rendering any trip here pointless.   The layout of this store is ridiculous. Good luck bringing your children here, and forget a stroller; the floor is so packed with clothing racks it's nearly impossible to navigate. I guess they expect parents to shop here alone?   You're way better off at BabyGap! Or at least a hundred yards down at Target.
1 Originally I loved this store.  I've bought almost everything for my 8 month old daughter either from Carters online or from this Carters.  On October 3, though, I bought a cute little dressy dress for my daughter from this Carters, intending for her to wear it for pictures.  I always wash baby clothes before putting my daughter in them, and this dress actually said "wash before wearing" on the tag.  I washed it two days later on the delicate cycle in a front-loading washer, in a lingerie bag.  I dried it still in the lingerie bag.  When i took it out to hang it up the tie on the dress had a giant rip right along the seam.  I was disappointed but figured they would take it back and I'd just get a new one and hope that it didn't rip in the wash, too.  Obviously my daughter never even wore the dress.  I returned to the store today (October 6) to return it.  The same clerk who sold me the dress was working there and actually remembered me.  I told her exactly what happened.  She checked with her manager in the back who advised that since the item had been washed I may have torn it myself and they would not take it back.  I stood there confused initially, and tried to explain to her what happened again.  She reiterated that they simply will not take an item back if it has been washed.  She suggested that maybe I should try sewing it together myself or using some kind of iron thing to put the seam back together.    I had intended to buy more bodysuits and other things for my baby on this trip since I was there anyway but was hesitant to buy anything there again after that.  I rarely return anything unless something like this happens--you wash it once and it falls apart.  I really didn't expect them to simply refuse to exchange it.    Buyer beware, this store won't stand by their products and will pretty much tell you to go F yourself if you have a problem.  I'll find somewhere else to buy baby clothes.
5 Always a "Five Star" experience at this location for me. The staff is always friendly and the store is always clean. This location is very well stocked. For a small store the inventory is huge. So huge it does not allow strollers to roll by each rack. I don't mind the tight squeeze because I always find the bargains I am looking for. As soon as you walk in there is always a bargain or super sale posted on a sign or on a rack. What I love is the store is so organized it is easy to find the size you need without any problems. One side is for girls and the other is for boys. The back of the store has the clearance items which usually have an additional price cut savings to add on top of the clearance price. Now that is a steal because the clothes are already perfectly priced.   Overall I have been very satisfied with my shopping experience and the quality of clothes that I have purchased from this store.
