5 First to review? CHACHING!  I've been going to Dr. Allan for a few years now. My whole family goes to him. He's super nice and friendly. However, I hadn't been to the dentist in over two years - needless to say, I was a bit nervous. I knew that I was going to have at least one cavity. I'm glad that's all it was, let's be real, I was pretty certain I was going to need a root canal. I kept telling all my friends I could feel the hole in my tooth with my tongue.  Anyhoo, I got over the anxiety and made an appointment. I probably was the worst patient ever with the no-shows and reschedulings because of work schedules. But I finally made it in and they were nice as can be. I was taken to the treatment room right away and they got to work my 18 xrays! 18! EFF! That's what happens when you don't go to the dentist for two years. The dental assistant was really sweet and kept making sure I was okay. I got the xrays, teeth cleaning, and two cavities filled and was out in an hour! With no need to come back for at least another 6 months for my next cleaning. BOOM! Talk about an efficient appointment. Dr. Allan's gentle and let's you know what's going on and their office is gorgeous. I definitely was feeling the upbeat music, made it feel a little more young. Def not your typical stodgy dental office.
5 My whole family comes here. I bring my kids and we come in one day or sometimes over two days. My kids are very comfortable with him and they give them a balloon in the little care package to go. This is a great place to bring your family and it's nice atmosphere. I would highly recommend. He's not a dentist that will do things to your teeth just to make money, and I appreciate that!
5 I think that everyone hates going to see the dentist. I know I always have since I was a kid, but when I had came here for the first time my thoughts of seeing the dentist has changed. Dr. Allen is awesome possum. I felt no pain whatsoever and the best part i was out in an hour. The girls in office are super nice n friendly. I just found my regular family dental.
