4 Cute little furniture store I stumbled upon.  Finally, contemporary furniture at decent prices.  The quality seemed good.  They had a couple retro-modern sofas that were $700, a little steep for my budget.  The other prices were surprisingly LOW.  Accessories were great as well.
5 I found this place during a seemingly endless quest to find the perfect furniture to fit in my little 50s ranch-style house. I had already hit several furniture stores in Phoenix and was bummed to find only generic looking oversized, overstuffed couches. Everything I saw seemed to have puffy rounded arms and pillowy backs in various shades of brown. BORING! I thought I'd try IKEA because I like that sleek Scandinavian style, but when I arrived I was reminded of how cheaply made and tiny their furniture is. Thankfully, I had spotted the Mod Home billboard on the way, so I thought I'd give it a shot. From the second I walked in, I knew I'd found the right place! I don't know much about interior design, so my descriptions can't do justice to all of the awesome couches, chairs, and accessories I discovered here. Basically, everything just looked super cool and modern. Honestly, the hardest part was choosing which couch/loveseat I liked the best. Thankfully, they have designers there to help. The day I was there, Christina was instrumental in helping me find the winner by asking me a few questions about my place and my style as we looked at the different couches that had initially caught my eye - no pressure or upselling, just good advice. I was lucky to find a couch in the right style and upholstery, but Christina let me know that they also have a variety of upholstery choices for most of the couches that can be custom ordered and in your home in just a few weeks. I had my couch/loveseat delivered within a few days and the guys that brought it set it up in a flash. I LOVE my new furniture!
3 They have a lot of things of choose from but nothing I liked.  The fabric on the couches were scratchy and colors were dull.  Most of the furniture are made from China and they don't have a lot in stock.  Everything takes a few weeks (2 to 3).  But the prices are reasonable.
5 Well we just ordered our "Coast" couch, and we too waffled back and forth between Ikea and this store. We couldnt find a better value, price and style, and placed our order here. We should see the couch in about 2-3 weeks. I am really excited about replacing my 20 year old fabric couch with this new leather one in a contempory, yet, classic style that I think is a timeless design. I am an artist, so I appreciate this. We were also so very happy with the service. I'll update soon with the rest of this story.
1 We ordered a small cabinet for our bedroom.  We saw only a picture in a catalog; they did not have any pieces from the line on the showroom floor.  Normally I would not order something that I had never seen and could not return, but we had looked just about everywhere for something the right size and this was all we could find.  After our experience here I will never do this again.  First of all, it took 2 1/2 months for the cabinet to come in.  When we received it, we were very disappointed.  The "finish" on it looked like a shoddy primer job and the drawer was broken.  We took the drawer in to complain about both the finish and the break.  We were told, rather nonchalantly, to spray paint the cabinet if we didn't like the finish.  They did offer to fix the drawer but warned us that their guy was "very busy."  After 3 weeks and several phone calls we finally retrieved our drawer, which was not only not fixed but was in worse condition that when we dropped it off!  We would not have been so angry if they had not lied to us - not only did they not call us back as they promised, but they actually told us at one point that the repair guy had fixed it but "was not happy with his work" so had taken it back to the shop to rework.  The only good thing I can say about this is that our cat loves the box that the cabinet came in.
2 I agree with Cesar G and Judy F. I had high hopes for this place when I saw the sign as I love vintage style. However, there was very few things that were truly vintage looking replicas, and yes they were overpriced for what they were. I left unexcited, uninspired, and empty handed.
4 Great service & super cute furniture! Yay! I searched for hours through various swatches as their sofas come in SO many fabric options! While I was contemplating my furniture plans I met an interior designer who told me that this place has great quality furniture for awesome prices & that she uses them for a lot of her upscale remodels- um, yeah that's awesome!  This is a total find & well worth the drive!
2 I would have rated them 5 stars for the furniture and some of the prices, but they lose 3 stars for the bad salesperson I dealt with. I walked into the store, cash in hand, ready to buy a fairly expensive chair. The person said they would price match most retailers, so I showed him a deal I'd found online, the same chair for $150 cheaper. I don't expect a brick-and-mortar store to exactly match an online price, so I was willing to meet somewhere in the middle. However, the salesman had no interest in even trying. He just looked at the price online and said, "Yeah you should just buy it from them, then." No attempt to make a sale, just completely dismissed me even though I was ready to make a deal. Salespeople like this are the reason Internet retailers are destroying local stores. If Mod Home ever goes under, they should know it's because their people are costing them money.
5 I had been shopping for a kitchen table for 6 months and was soooo over being swarmed by sales people as soon as I walked through the door, and then unable to ditch them I was thrown endless sales pitches if I even glanced at a table. So when I walked in to Mod Home and was greeted by a person, far off in the distance, just to say hello and to let to let me know if I had questions to let them know I was seriously relieved. I was instantly in a better mood. I was relaxed. I took my time. I looked at other items that I wasn't even in the market for just because they have some really cool furniture to look at. And when I finally did have a question I was able to quickly locate a person to help. I ended up buying an awesome kitchen table at a great price. The delivery guys were great and the assembly was quick.
4 Nice selection of furniture, with more of a contemporary flair. The associates there are very friendly, with a no pressure attitude while being very informative. Prices are fair for the quality.
5 I love their furniture, the staff and their service! I bought living room furniture in October of 2012 and it looks brand new!
2 Furniture selection (very modern) and customer service at the store was great!  Furniture delivery, on the other hand, was absolutely terrible. Ordered a leather sectional, which came unwrapped and uncovered. Upon inspection, noticed that the chaise piece was damaged (most likely when bringing it up the stairs). After sending the entire sectional back, the guys came back about an hour later with a new sectional. Again it came unwrapped. While trying to put the sofa and chaise pieces together, the delivery guy pushed into the side of the sofa and ripped it. Had to wait another week for the re-delivery, and finally, third time's the charm.   If possible, just pick up your furniture from their warehouse. Paid $70 for this delivery service, only for it to ruin my overall experience with the store.
