5 I love getting my nails done here. Tracy the owner is very welcoming and does a great job on my nails. I get the SNS powder and always get compliments on my nails. Friendly staff and reasonable prices. She also does waxing!
4 Went to Tracy's Nails & Spa with my fiancé the day before our wedding. We were staying at Palms so we were looking for a nail salon off of Flamingo.  The shop is very nice and clean the way it is set up. She got the SNS Pink & White Full Set. They did a great job and she was very happy with the result!
4 they always do a good job and always available whenever i go. :)
5 Initially, I went to tip top nails that's a minute away from this nail salon but I walked out and drove to this location. And I'm glad that I did. This review is only on Michelle!  I walked in and Michelle noticed me right away. But she notices everyone who walks in. It's a good thing! I told her that I wanted gel nails on hands and feet. When she told me to have a seat, she actually started talking about something totally different but she wasn't pushy about it like the other nail technicians you experience. She asked if I wanted to try powder instead of gel. She showed me a couple pictures of her clients nails. She told me it was a lot better than gel nails and that powder lasts a lot longer. So I tried it. The cost didn't matter to me so I didn't ask. Sorry, for those who do want to know if powder cost more than gel or gel cost more than powder.  She was very patient as I pick out my nail color since I was being indecisive. She was kind enough to help me pick it out and let me know which color looked good and which ones that didn't. I wish I can be more detailed on how she applied the powder. But this will be a long review. I'll just say it's applied differently then the gel. No UV light needed. Unfortunately, the powder can only be done on hands and not feet and you'll see why if you decide to try out powder! (:   On to my toes... I had chipped one of my toe nails. So it was a shorter than the other nails. She did an amazing job making it look like it hadn't chipped at all. She also asked what width I wanted for my French tip. I told her I didn't want it too short nor too big. She did a good job on that too. To be honest... So far the best French tip I've had on my toes! When she was removing my calluses she kept asking if she was hurting me. And that's a first!!!  Overall, my experience with Michelle and my nails turned out great. The powder is actually better than gel! And that's a personal opinion. Everyone thinks differently. I'm glad I left tip top nails lol. Michelle is also entertaining. She's funny and crazy. Finally, I found my nail salon. Until then this will be my go to.   Tip: It's better to make an appointment because it can get busy. Total wait time can be up to; half an hour for those who are very impatient.
