1 The greeter at the Mirage flagged down a cab for me, I was on my way to the airport to catch a returning flight.  Car # 2015 from Star Cabs pulls up and I jump in, my driver is Ruperto R. Jr. and his licences indicated YCS transportation.  So far so good.    I'm in a hurry, the flight leaves in 90 minutes, as he pulls out I see a handmade sign taped to the ceiling that says "no credit or debit, cash only".  Damn, I have no cash.  "Are all cabs cash only?" - I ask.  Ruperto says "no", he doesn't have the credit card machine installed.  I guess I can't count that against him, I made an assumption since it's 2012 and didn't read the sign before jumping in.  Lesson's learned:  ask before you jump in.    He says he'll take me to US Bank, so he takes a left and soon pull into the bank.  There's an ATM at the door and an ATM in the parking lot for cars to drive up to.  I tell him to just pull in the exit since I am sitting in the back adjacent to him (and no one is there), he opts to pull all the way around instead.  I think there's a language barrier here, but while I'm quite rushed and looking to minimize time he's a bit more laid back.  He pulls up and I can't reach the ATM, and the sun is shining on the screen so I cannot read it, so I squeak out of the door and block the sun and eventually get my cash.  Yay.    Ruperto drives me to the airport, when we arrive he pops the trunk and doesn't get out or offer to help.  The bill:   $17.50.  He didn't want to give me change back, when I placed it on the arm rest he just said "thank you", expecting the rest.  I should have asked for $1.50 back, but I was more concerned about making the flight so I just left it.   There seems to be a grave lack of customer service and due diligence here, I have yet have an exceptional experience with any of the transportation services offered in LV.  Ruperto doesn't mind taking the extra time and drive (I felt) to run up the meter, while I could have just jumped out of the car and got cash at the entrance.  If I ever see Star Cab again I'll remember to just avoid them, especially car #2015.  I'll remember to ask about credit first before stepping into the cab.
1 I was kinda shocked when cab drivers looked at me and scooted away.  I was trying to get to Summerlin from Fremont around 11pm. Do these people not want to make money? One cab driver outright told me no, he wasn't taking me there.  I was starting to get scared that I wouldn't get home, when finally I caught one guy who dilly dallied around before saying yes.  He explained that drivers would rather go from Fremont to the Strip because they can make money in both directions. However, Fremont to Summerlin gets you over $30 base rate, so he was fine taking  me, and I was fine giving him a bigger tip because of it.  But I still have a bad taste in my mouth for a cab company that, by policy, would willingly leave people stranded.
1 Beware of the long haul from the airport!  The driver immediately hit the far right lane coming out of MCcarren and hopped on the 215 heading South. By the time we realized what he was doing we were already on the connector road to the freeway. Listen. I'm a local. I know how much it costs to get to my house, near downtown, which is North, by the way. This guys takes me WAY south, then loops around on the 15 to eventually head north. It costs about $10 more. He was defiant and refused to adjust his rate. Check the logo when you grab a cab at McCarren and avoid Star!
1 Worst can ride ever! The driver drives like a maniac! No meter, ghetto, and makes everyone car sick. Won't be taking any more cab rides from star cab.
1 I'll start with the fact that I am a resident of Las Vegas and a frequent taxi passenger... I know the rules here.  First and foremost is the rule that a taxi MUST take a fare whether you are going where they WANT to go or not.  I just left a company function on the strip and upon entering the taxi line found that a couple in front of us had been told "No" by 12... TWELVE taxi cabs because A) He was in a wheelchair and B) They were going to the far West Side of town.  I witnessed the 13th taxi of the night refuse them.  When someone finally stood up and said "you HAVE to take them where they want/need to go" his response was to call people a***oles... REALLY????  These tourist pay our taxes!  We WANT and NEED them here... And you, part of the service industry, will call them names and refuse perfectly nice, considerate people names???!!! I love this town, this is my home, how dare you represent me in that light!!!  Two taxis later when we refused to let the line move forward until this couple was taken care of they were finally on board.  I can only pray they really made it to their destination!   I tried to call Star Cab to complain but they are only open for such things Monday through Friday 8am to 5pm... in a 24/7 town!    The cab number was 2280.  I do not have the drivers name but I do have his picture...  this occurred at Bally, 11:59pm/12:01 am on 12/14-12/15 2013., Hotel (where the Taxi Line Attendant was apologetic but did NOT help this couple (Ballys review to follow)...    Note to Non-Vegas folks... Cabs CANNOT refuse you just because they don't want to take you off-strip.  Make a stink!  It is their job to take you where you want/need to go!   Note to Taxi Drivers... We need you but there are others!  Take us home or find another job!    Note to Star....  We see you! You suck!  We will not tolerate you treating people, locals or tourist, this way!  Get in the game or find a new job!  To the driver of cab number 2280 late night on 12/14/13....  You're on a short list.  You will need a new job soon.  I hope you have a backup plan to driving a taxi!
