2 Pros:  Ary was very conscientious about the lines on my french manicure and frequently requested feedback to be sure I was happy with the lines/widths.  I know French is harder to do, and her lines are nice and even.  Cons:  Ary was running behind when I arrived, so she had me soak my nails in acetone to remove the dark purple polish I had on.  She didn't give me any cotton to remove the polish and as result, it was streaky on my fingers/hands and nail beds.  I figured she would remove that when we started my manicure, but she didn't.  She just used a drill file to file down the tops of my nails.  That removed some of the polish, but there was still purple left in the crevices of my nails.  Nevertheless, she proceeded to give me the french manicure with the purple still showing.  Even though she clearly saw the purple polish streaked on my hands (she commented on it), she did nothing to remove it before I left so I had purple polish streaks on my hands when I left and I had to remove it myself when I got home.  She did not offer me any lotion at the end, either.  I wish she had given me the option of what color (if any) I wanted for the all-over color.  I prefer a very pale pink for my french manicure, but she just used a clear top coat.  It's ok, but it would have been nice to have the option of colors.  On the way home, one of the nails chipped.  Final analysis:  I am disappointed that I still have purple polish visible on the sides of my nails and that she didn't try to remove it from them or from my hands before she gave me my french manicure and before I left her store.  Because of that lack of attention to detail, I probably will not return.
5 I've starting getting shellac manicures on a regular basis because of C&C. It's clean and the prices are great for nails that last 3+ weeks!   It's a one-woman shop, so don't expect to get in in 24 hours. As a regular client I get priority treatment, which I appreciate. When I've had to change my appointments (which is a little too often!) I've had minimal trouble getting a reschedule.   I love the range of fun, funk color choices and enjoy some quiet time in the :45 that I'm there. She also keeps up on cute trends, Keep up the good work C&C!
4 Love love love this salon. Cute place not over crowded..cute jewelry for sake. Able to boik appointment online or in person. Reasonabky priced especially the loyalty program.  Ary is so fun!
