5 Jesse is absolutely amazing! He has a masterful touch that is professional, gentle and yet extremely therapeutic. He is well versed in deep tissue and can find every single problem area I have with ease, working it out and making my muscles melt under his skilled hands. Thank you Jesse! Every time I am in Vegas, I will definitely be returning for another visit!
5 Jesse is the BEST!!! I have been going to Jesse for over a year and wouldn't think of going to anyone else. Jesse is able to find those spots you did not even realize were bothering you and fix them! You feel so good after you leave you can't help but want to go back. I have a standing appointment every 4 weeks and wouldn't change it for anything!
5 This was the best massage I've had in a long time. Jesse was very professional. I will be returning. And the prices you can't beat. It's like going to a five star resort for half the price.
5 Jesse is definitely a master of his craft.  You must try the hot stone massage!  Amazing :)))
5 One word: mastery.  I've had several massages in my life and never been motivated to write about it.  He is the first one that really shows expertise and thoroughness.  I went in with a knotty sore back and feel great now.
5 Bought a 90 minute deep tissue massage for my boyfriend and I off of Groupon and what an amazing decision that was! Went yesterday and already today my back and shoulders are feeling better than they have in weeks! Jesse did and amazing job and I'll definitely be going back as much as I can! Best deep tissue massage I've ever had!!!
5 AMAZING! I have had massages before but none like this, I found this place on groupon and everyone warns me that you get what you pay for but Jesse was simply amazing. There were some points during the massage where I couldn't tell where he was standing and it felt like he had 6 hands. Might sound too good to be true but my stuff shoulders feel great, I will defiantly be returning!
5 What a great experience!! One the BEST massages I have ever had! Thanks Jesse!
5 Jesse is an amazing massage therapist. My shoulders were beyond tight and filled with knots. Jesse did a combination of deep pressure and trigger point but not to the point where it was hurting me. I was a little sore the rest of the day, but the next day I felt amazing, he was able to break all that tension up!
5 I just recently had my first professional massage from Jesse. It was a great experience, very relaxing. I will be returning.
5 I took advantage of a Group On coupon for a massage at Knead To De-stress.  I walked out at the end of the session telling Jesse that he had just given me the best massage that I have ever had.  He is knowledgeable and capable of giving an outstanding massage.
5 The last two massage therapist I went to did nothing but talk my ear off the whole time I had almost given up on finding another massage therapist! I figured nothing ventured nothing gained so I purchased the Groupon and scheduled my appointment with Jesse. I was in a fender bender in November and my back and my neck have been not been same since. He was fantastic!!! He hit some tender spots on a few areas of my body that I didn't know existed! He definitely worked all the kinks out and then some! I had a Groupon for 90 minutes,  I thought that's going to be a long massage, but it was over before I knew it! I'm going back for more!
5 This was my first professional massage and the whole experience, from booking the appointment to leaving his place, was just awesome.  Jesse has a really soothing voice that I just loved when I talked to him on the phone. I was like, if his voice is that amazing, I'm sure the atmosphere and the experience is going to be so relaxing. How right I was~  With the amount of time I've been putting into the gym, my shoulders have been so tight and just a mass of knots. He worked his magic and the next day I felt so awesome.   I will definitely be going back. Even though I was feeling a little sore afterwards, I was so relaxed. Just wonderful. And that voice~ haha.
5 Magic Hands!!! I've had plenty of massages but I have never walked away feeling this loose and relaxed like I have from Jesse. He hit all the right areas and actually broke through my tough stubborn spots. I will definitely be going back! Thank you, sir!
5 I came into see Jesse a couple months back.  I have multiple issues that include my shoulder/neck, back and knees.  I was convinced that I was plagued and would not be able to feel good ever again.  I found Jesse and it has been all uphill.  I cannot believe the progress that he has made with me.  I was seeing him every other week and now I see him once a week because I see the difference he has made.  He pointed out all of the pain I thought were major injuries were basically tightness in certain areas of my body.  He is very knowledgeable about the body and even gave me stretches I can do on my own.  He has helped me so so so so much.  I finally feel relief.  Thanks Jesse
5 First of all this was my first professional massage so i was a bit nervous. I had 2 really bad knots on my back and my shoulders and neck were in pain cuz of it. I told Jesse(the masseuse) my issues and what u want him to concentrate on. He did exactly that. He took care of me and probably gave me the best deep tissue massage i have gotten or will ever get.
5 I feel like butter on a warm spring afternoon. :) Almost melted.  I have always loved his hot stone massage but this time I needed more attention on my neck and shoulders so I went with his aroma touch Swedish massage and could not be happier! Jesse is amazing and I feel better than I have felt in months!
5 I have had a couple professional massages in the past, but Jesse's was by far the best I have ever had. My boyfriend bought me the 90 minute Groupon for my birthday on a whim and I'm so glad he did. I completely agree with the reviews below mine - he is very strong, yet gentle and did an exceptional job working out all my knots and tight muscles. He created a very relaxing atmosphere. I will absolutely be going back! Thank you, Jesse!
5 Was an excellent massage. I was very happy with the experience.  I felt so wonderful afterwards, and during the massage it was heaven.
5 I received a MASSAGE from JESSIE JONES.  I purhcased a Groupon for deep tissue.  He is exceptional.  A "10"   I requested target areas to be attended to, especially neck and shoulders.  Deep firm pressure and attended all areas of concern on the intake screening.   He certainly knows what he is doing.    Also, I loved the quiet and no chit chat....I really like to relax, not think and get the full benifit of the massage.  So, women who are always saying men dont talk much.....that is why I pick a male massause when I book treatment.  Thank you Jessie for a great massage.  You are worth it!  Kim
5 BEST massage i've had thus far! Jesse focuses on your problem areas and needs and the 90 minute deep tissue massage focusing on my back, shoulders and neck was awesome! I am so glad to have found a very knowledgeable LMT. Highly recommended! I will definitely be back! :)
5 After a very long time that I couldn't find a normal massage I finally found Jesse!!! Maria a friend of mind recommended me this place.  After I went 2 times to this place I finally feel great!!! I'll be coming every other week for a massage!!! Thank you Jesse for the best massage!!!
