4 Found this place thru the zip code magazine ad/coupon for $13 fill and $23 pedicure. So i said, why not? My boyfriend and I went together, while we both got our pedi together, we also both got manicures, his was a regualr manicure, mine was the gel fill.. They were nice and attentive and no wait!  Will go back soon =)
4 My friend and I got a manicure and pedicure for $35 per person. It already cost $25 for only a manicure, so we decided that we might as well get a pedicure too. It was definitely worth it. Nancy worked on my friend and Alex worked on my fingers and toes.   Service: Both were professional and limited the small talk. And when there was small talk, the topics were amusing because they were so stereotyped. Alex asked me if I liked kimchi (because I'm Korean) and whether or not I eat dog (because I'm Korean). Haha!  I thought Alex did a great job with my heels. There was so much dead skin there that he had to bring out The Grater. Now my feet feel softer and look more womanly. I also liked the fact that he was very meticulous with trimming the skin around my nails.  The facilities: Clean, looks like the typical Vietnamese run nail parlor, and they offer OPI brand of nail polish (according to my friend, OPI is a solid brand). Brownie points for maintenance: after the pedicure, they clean the machine within 15 minutes!  We walked in at 2PM but there were no seats so we had to make reservations for 4PM. They do take walk-ins but reservations are highly recommended. We were there for about 1 hour and 45 minutes. I thought I'd be in and out in a hour, so we were a bit surprised how we didn't even notice the time pass. Overall, I really liked the experience and I'd go back because of the convenient location and good service.
1 i don't know how well they do nails but DO NOT get a wax! I went in for an eyebrow wax and came out with a good portion of my skin ripped off! My eyebrows look good but the scab underneath them? not so much...
4 Being new to the area this is the closest nail shop to me. I was a little hesitant at first after reading the bad reviews on here.  But to be honest they did as good as job as any other nail shop I have been to.   The lady who helped me was very kind and did a wonderful job.  The place was nice and clean and I will definitely be a regular here.
1 This place gets 1 star from me and let me explain why. First they don't have a pricing sheet on the wall and I know I'm like most people I want to see what I'm paying! I always feel like they charge whatever they want when there no price sheet up on the wall! I Overheard another customer ask and it was 32.00 for mani gel not bad. I asked for technician to add a heart I'm red on my white nails which she did but then she proceeded to put yellow on my pinkie around my heart which I never asked for then when I told her to stop once I realized what she was doing she didn't even bother to remove what she did! I was so frustrated my this point I just wanted to go. I brought my 16 year old cousin with me who also got heart designs and the guy that was doing her nails had to have another lady come help him because he didn't know how to?!?! So the bill comes $37 for my cousin $42 for me when I questioned the price difference I was told it was because I got hearts on 4 nails (8 ttl) while my Cousin only did 4.. So 10$ extra which just blew me away. Kicker when my nails were done the nice gentlemen who couldn't do my cousins design finished my nails he pressed soo hard on them he smudged my paint on my hearts!!! And once again didn't bother to fix it. Never going back
5 This place is the best! Christine always takes good care of me. They provide great service and great prices. The staff is super nice!
