2 For standard breakfast food this is just ok.  The problem is there is not a whole lot around the Nugget to get breakfast.  If you stick to the basics it will be average.  The service for us the morning we ate here was very slow.
2 Nobody likes a long wait for food and soggy fries :-/
3 Man, I needed a quick fix after a night downtown and we literally stumbled upon this place.    I can't really say much as I was really drunk, however I do remember that the place is pretty small. There's a bar countertop and maybe a few chairs.   Little quaint place inside the casino.  The cashier who helped us was cordial and she even joked around a little with us which made it a great interaction.    For the food, I got the mushroom swiss burger.  I can't remember the cost, however, I remember paying around 10 bucks for that and a shared appetizer of some sort.  What I do remember though, is that the burger was not flavored.  I thought it was super bland.  I the mushrooms were perfectly carmelized and the swiss did bring a little flavor, but the star of show (or supposed to be), the burger, wasn't really seasoned.  I really did enjoy the fries however.  They were super crispy and shoe string-ish.  My preferance!  All in all, it was an ok kind of place.  Not much to choose from that late at night but it did the trick!
1 I stopped in to for a bite before work and to watch the start of the Alabama-Notre Dame game (the Sports Book was full) and ordered the Reuben Sandwich and coffee. The cashier told me the sandwich came with chips but for $1 more I could get fries. That was a really good up-sale. The sandwich was delicious but when I pushed my cup up for a refill, I was informed that the refill was $1 "but if you had ordered a soda, the refill would have been free''. REALLY!?! I wasn't happy and said so. She just stood there staring at me. I told her that I appreciated being told about the dollar for fries but that I didn't appreciate not being told about the coffee. I felt that they were more interested in making their money and didn't really care about the customer. I paid for the refill but took it out of the tip I had set aside. Needless to say, I will NOT be going back there again, based on principle! I really expected better customer service. Especially since two of their restaurants AND the employee dining room had just recently been shut down by the Health Department for roaches.
3 This place was ok for a quick bite to eat... their was only one chef and a very long wait  about 20 min. the food was medium priced and was good.  would eat again if was hungry and didnt want to go to far.
4 They have the best chicken pesto sandwich!! You can't beat the price, $8, and it came with fries.
1 Me and my friend's Reuben and Fried Chicken Tenders took THIRTY TWO MINUTES for it to arrive! 20 of those minutes were spent sitting on the window counter while the bitchy old cashier lady was processing new orders and tickets at a insanely slow pace.  As soon as I stood in line with my date, we both noticed one thing. Despite having only FOUR people in front of me, the line is moving SLOW, even for the cashier register!  Once we both got to the front, there was these two dudes on the bar trying to wake this other guy up because he was passed the fuck out.   We ordered our meals, totaling almost $25, and I gave my name so they can call the ticket.  We waited, waited, and WAITED! We got our lemonades quickly, but as I was checking the time, I realized that the order was already taking more than 25 minutes. The bitchy grandma cashier/busser was walking by, I called her over to examine our ticket and the time. She rudely replied that it isn't done yet and stormed off.  Are you serious? Reuben's are composed of thinly sliced meat that can be cooked quickly, toasted bread, thousand island sauce, sauerkraut, etc. How the hell can the line not come up with my order within TEN minutes? My companion ordered her chicken tenders and fries, which is as simple as dropping both into the frying station.   How fucking long does it take to cook thin meat and bread on a flat top?   Both of us work in the restaurant industry, and we went straight to the front to reseat ourselves at the bar to keep a close eye on the line and the unsold tickets sprawled out on the counter.   By the 30 minute mark, we saw our meals piled on the counter in to-go boxes. My girl tried to get the old lady's attention since the front is EMPTY. Grandma NEVER called my name nor our order number (#270). And then the old bitch fucking ignored her!   When she finally "found the time" to give us our orders, my $10 Reuben got soggy from both the French fry grease and thousand island sauce and my friend's chicken tenders got cold and SOGGY from moisture.   The sandwich was falling apart from torn bread as I was trying to hold it, this deformed, greasy pink and white blob with oil piling up on the bottom of the styrofoam box. My date took a few bites and decided to not finish her "meal".  We are not coming back. Not to this shithole where passed out drunks lie against the bar (and the staff indifferent to the entire scene) and deformed meth heads regularly line up in front of us with uncut and dirty nails. Yes, it took so fucking long for the orders to be processed that I began examining every single bit of detail of the scumbag regulars that come here. Nasty lack of hygiene, but particularly, the toenails of the crackhead couple in front of us are long, uncut, dirty, and PITCH BLACK! The lady looked like some sort of midget cave troll.  We only went here because all of the other restaurants inside Golden Nugget had closed.
4 Surprised at the lackluster reviews. A nice spot to grab a bite thats open 24 hours. I had a breakfast burrito for $6 which was huge and filling. My meal also took about 5 mins to come out which is standard for food actually being made.
3 3.5 stars  I was debating on the rating because it was expensive and took WAY too long, but I really enjoyed my meal. We were in line for more than 20 minutes with only about 4 people in front of us, so that was pretty annoying.  I ordered the hot wings & fries and my bf got cheese pizza. I absolutely loved the wings! They were crispy and spicy with delicious bleu cheese dressing. The fries were really good, a little too greasy, but yummy.  My bf said his pizza was bland, but OK, generically doughy and generic tasting sauce.
1 This place is definitely not worth it.  Compared to the other restaurants in the Golden Nugget, this one lays goose egg and not a golden one.  I almost never recommend other places, but the Cafe in Binion's across the street is way better than this place.  It is open 24/7 and even though it is usually very busy they are really good at moving people through there.
4 We stayed at the Nugget with some friends. When we got in, they were already at the casino and we were hungry.  Our friends suggested us to run over to  The Grille.  We thought it was good. My husband had a burger and I had a Turkey club.  It hit the spot.  We got there at a good time and our food came out about 15 min. or so.  Tasted fresh.    Not sure why all the negative reviews. I mean this place is in a CASINO and there are lots of people anyway.  This food is cooked to order, you can tell it's fresh.
3 Every casino has a 24/7 diner/cafe type place that offers quick eats. For the Golden Nugget, that place is called "The Grille". And the creative name reflects the establishment - this is no 24/7 wait service dive diner with charm. It's quick counter-service style with a rather basic menu.   Nonetheless, what I ordered was pretty good. The breakfast burrito, stuffed with chorizo, potato, and egg, is ample and filling for $6. Many cite the slow service here, but I didn't have an issue with the service. There are better places for late night eats on Fremont St, but this isn't bad if you are staying at the Nugget and want something quick and close.
2 Takes forever.. Food isn't bad, but they forgot to bacon on my BBQ bacon cheeseburger...??? Wtf?? An hour later forget it.
1 Their cheese pizza is just gross, and it took such a long time. The food is horrible. The staff were very abrupt too. It was a huge disappointment.   Years ago, before they remodeled, I believe the place was just called the Snack Bar, and the food was excellent. The cheese pizza was delicious and authentic, chicken tenders were yum, and sandwiches, hot dogs, pastries were top notch. Once Steve Wynn sold the place, the Golden Nugget restaurants and buffet started going downhill. I think this is probably rock bottom, because I refuse to believe it could get any worse.
4 Before we left our Vegas trip we wanted to go to Fremont Street for a fun last day. Handsome's parent met up with us and we decided to grab lunch here and do some gambling before our flight. We all liked our food. Handsome, my FIL and I got burgers and my MIL got a club I think? Everything was good! It's not gourmet burgers but it was good for what it was!
4 Really good Reuben! The best I've had in a long time. Was not expecting something that good from this little place
4 We were staying at the Golden Nugget and wanted burgers, so we ended up here. Reading the reviews,  we were nervous but also didn't feel like going out. Maybe we got lucky but our experience was very good. We ordered 2 cheeseburgers, fries, coleslaw, and wings. The coleslaw wasn't very good but everything else was. Cheeseburgers were tasty and fries were lightly crispy. Just the way I liked them. Our order didn't take long (couldnt have been more than 10 minutes) at all and the service people were friendly.
