4 This is the former location of the Russ Lyon Realty office that was at N. 32nd St & E. Lincoln Dr near the 32nd St. Trailhead.  Starbucks just opened this morning and I happened to be driving by.  The staff is friendly and apparently the whole crew from a North Scottsdale store moved down to this spot to open it. ( A guy that lives in Scottsdale and works down the road from here said that it was really cool, and odd.  Kind of like deja vu for him.)  There is a small patio of to the side with tables, chairs, and a misting system.  Located right beside the newly moved Squaw Peak Animal Hospital, this Starbucks is sure to attract a hiking and dog-friendly crowd.  Parking will be challenging, there isn't a drive-thru and the cool patio is off the side, somewhat oddly oriented.  I would visit this plaza often when At One Yoga was still in operation (if they had known that Starbucks was moving in, maybe they wouldn't have closed shop?)
5 Great beverages, and incredible service:). The Manager of this unit was awesome.  Very personable, with sincere and authentic care and concern for her guests.  Motivated me to create this account and write a review:)
4 Great customer service at this location!
5 One of my fav Starbucks! Cant beat the location-- looking at Squaw Peak mountains is awesome.   Lots of seating and nice set up inside store.  Friendly customer service from all staff. I drink tons of coffee -many of them  free refills because of my gold card status and they never make me feel guilty or bad.     I highly recommend checking out this location when you want good coffee in a pretty atmosphere.
2 I was in the area this morning, and stopped in for my "hang." They didn't have dark roast. The woman said she'd brew some, but laughed at me when I suggested that coffee prepared with different methods tasted different. So I left, and went to a different location where they had dark roast available, and treated me and their own product with respect.
5 Not a lot to say here. Nice Starbucks. Large, clean, kept to a comfortable temperature, like most Starbucks. The staff seem attentive and stuff, like most Starbucks. Bathrooms are clean, like Starbucks. Music is quiet and backgroundy, like most Starbucks. Internet works well, like most Starbucks. Nothing too original or unique, like most Starbucks.
5 Decided to try this Starbucks as it has a Clover machine. Had a Komodo Dragon and it was very flavorful. Everything about this Starbucks is up to the usual high standards. Not the most parking-friendly location, but there is ample parking if you are willing to walk 50 meters or so. Nice friendly baristas. Lots of sitting space.
5 I love this place so much!!! Amazing location, incredible views, and the staff is at the highest of customer service standards.   They remember the regulars, they're  all very light hearted and great at making our drinks!!! They have the new Clover, and Fizzio!!! They are amazing!!
