4 Those that know Vegas,Atlantic City the buffets are where if you are on a diet STAY CLEAR !!! Rio is a place when you can loose your mind with cusine from all around the world.I tried tosample a litle bit of everything without over doing it.The crablegs are served cold and there is a mountain of them just waiting for you to crack open and dip into that sweet butter sauce. The Italian section I recommend the eggplant.I knew they had me hooked at the dessert bar when my Miami fav was there- Key lime pie.I lost my mine and so did they pretty ladie I hyoed up the pies to and we all sat around eachother with a "green" smile on our lips.Steak,ribrye asian section and of course,the salad bar was great with much flavors to sample. Hey when in Vegas stop by but the trick is go to one od those discount booths on the strip or check with your hotel for discount tickets for just about anything in Las Vegas because it's there if you look  I paid around $18.00 for my meal at Rio and the regular price is around $29,00 I think for dinner.What happens in Rio's Buffet stays in Rio's Buffet-E-N-J-O-Y-**,
4 Ein exzellentes Buffet mit einer großen Auswahl.
5 This place is amazing! There are so many choices of food from different world cuisines. I came here on an empty stomach and left ready to blow up with all the goodness I ate. Our waiter was very friendly and constantly checked up on us for refills and used plates.  I will be returning..but maybe not for a year or so, I might still be full from the last time I went.
5 Ok just based on sheer size alone this buffet takes the cake, and the prime rib and the crab legs and the Peking duck, I think you get the picture. Don't worry about the extra calories you are downing here, you will burn some of them off walking from one end of this behemoth of a buffet to the other. The variety is unreal, and everything is tended to so there are no steam pans with one withering shrimp. Everyone must try this once. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5 If you want choices this is the buffet for you! Our party of 6 enjoyed the Sunday champange buffet. Excellent food and service!
2 Lots of choices and different cuisines, and a good place to go if you want a smattering of everything and to eat till you can't walk as I saw many folks doing. But I was disappointed in the lack of unique, flavorful and fresh selections. It was overloaded on the fried food selections... corn dogs, onion rings,all sorts of  fried, fried, fried and coated items. I have to say the carved meat was great, the ham succulent and moist and the roast beef rare and flavorful. Most of the sides were heavy and calorie filled-- baked stuffed potatoes, and sides with cheese, cheese and more cheese. The desserts were downright awful: flavorless and cheap. The pie slice I had was filled with one piece of fruit and alotta goo.  I think there are better choices for the $'s. Lunch was $40 for two (regular price) and if we had not had the half off local special l(Mon-Thurs), I would have been extremely dissatisfied.
1 In the early 2000's this was my fav buffet, however this last trip it was horrible!  The food was bland, and old!  The only thing that was good were the Asian soups!
4 Brunch - the attention the waiter paid-excellent-he was very helpful with cleaning dishes off the table, refilling drinks and checking in on us.  We went to Harrahs the same week and I liked Rios much more.  Rio had better selection, better taste, the gelato was a nice cap to the meal.  the crab legs were a little small but they had a mountain of them.  Its off the strip but I would recommend you catch the shuttle and enjoy the food.
2 Not all that...really flavorless food but its a buffet, what else should I had expected??
5 Lined up for an early dinner. Well worth it!  Prime rib :) Amazing. Absolute best prime rib I've ever tasted. Friends who live in Vegas told us it's hit-or-miss though, so apparently we went on a good day. Thin slices unless you ask the chef for a larger slice :) but so tender and full of flavor that day...better than Ruth's Chris or any other steak house!  Service :) Our waiter was outstanding, unlike typical buffet servers who usually seem stressed or preoccupied. Our server, Brian, was attentive and friendly, and even mixed special drinks for our kids. He was friendly and accommodating and he actually seemed to enjoy his job. Our only regret is that our tip was included when we paid the cashier, so we're not sure if it went to him or to some general fund.  Other foods Crab legs were good but not great. But when it's all-you-can-eat with plenty of drawn butter, you can't be picky.  Chinese dumplings (siu mai and ha gow) were tasty.  Desserts Plenty of variety. Cakes, pies, so many different flavors of gelato, ice cream...  I'm getting hungry again. Can't wait to go back!!!
2 So its a good thing they have good service because the food is not so great. at 38 a pop i expected Cadillac food and instead got Saturn style. On a positive note the bar in there was good but not enough to raise the starts since we go there to eat.
3 I guess this is suppose to be the best economical buffet for locals. I thought it was going to be spectacular. It wasn't but then again it beat old country buffet any day. Be sure to bring your own crab eaten utensils their plastic crab opener thingy majigs suck hairy balls.
2 I was underwhelmed.  My mom's been raving about this buffet for years, so even though we're not so into buffet gluttony, we decided to check it out for ourselves for Sunday Brunch.  Aside from its large selection - with food stations from every major type of ethnic food choice - didn't think it warranted the $38 price tag. And, who do they think they're kidding asking if you'll put a 15% or 20% tip on your credit card before you even eaten your meal and before you've seen what kind of service you'll be getting???    Since when do you tip so generously when you see a waitress only once to bring you coffee, tea, water or a soft drink at the start of your meal - and you bring the meal to the table yourself ? (fyi - you need to purchase your own alcohol - it's another station near the center of the buffet).  We'd have been better off giving a $5 directly to our bus boy who visited the table more frequently to clean away empty plates.  The ambience and service leaves much to be desire - and so - quite frankly - did the taste of the food. Guess I shouldn't have gone in with such high expectations - it is just a buffet, for god's sake. I'd probably given it another star if it had a $19.95 price tag, that would have been more fitting for what we got. But even with that, we can check this one off the list; don't think we'll be going back.
1 i remembered this being the biggest and best buffet in las vegas but it disappointed me this time around  the food was not that great  they have unique items like sesame balls with bean paste and samosas but the food is not well made and tastes really mass produced  there's a mongolian bbq station but its ok...  i didnt really like it
4 Went for lunch. If your local & have a rewards card it's half off. 12$ a person m-f. Service was very good, food was good, a lot of choices, I was surprised at the overall experience, good quality & nice people. A lot different then I remember or what people are saying. The desserts are really good, that's not my thing.
4 the whole 2 weeks i was here at this hotel i had great views of the strip and great buffets here. sooo filling and tasty.  Not as good as MGM buffet: steaks.  but really tasty desserts.  gained alot of weight here.. connected to the super wealthy part of Vegas in the condos on the far end of the strip
4 OMG, It is crazy how they can serve so much food and even crazier how much I can eat!!  The good part is that I took my time. I was afraid that I would look like a contestant on the Biggest Loser!  Ok....I got there when they were changing from Lunch to Dinner where they change out some of the food, not all - that's good to know.  Anyway, they managed to capture every taste bud imaginable.  Pizza, Pasta, Pork, Pot Roast, Potatoes and even Pudding.  I had things I would not have had on a regular basis and its buffet, so if you don't like it, get something else.  I think I paid $35 which l if you think about it was $17 for lunch and dinner not bad (I didn't have a coupon).  The server was great (ok... she brought my drink and cleared the table, but offered a nice conversation which is nice).  The desserts were good, HOWEVER, a lot of them were similar, some were sugar free, but for some reason they didn't knock my socks off like the entrees. The dessert area looked like a little bakery.  This place was on my agenda to visit and it was well worth it.  PS...that food that I never tried before was the Sesame ball, OMG it was great, I don't know if it was mass produced or what, but it was ggooooddd.  Looks strange on the inside but I like to try new stuff.  YUMMY.  Oh the crab legs - there was like a gazillion of them.
1 You are better off going anywhere else.  This Rio Carnival buffet used to be great because they were the first to offer so much and with big variety, but now all the hotels do.  The food was good of course, but for that price you can get just as good food (if not better) somewhere else AND with better service.  The 1-star rating is for the horrible service.  Our table and seats had food crumbs all over them and we didn't get asked what we wanted to drink (or even water) for over 10 minutes.  We had no idea who our server even was!  It wasn't even crowded either. We tipped the bus boy who took our plates away since he was nice and doing all the work anyway.  We probably should have asked for the manager but didn't want to make a stink, so sorry to bother you server-in-the-section-we-were-seated, we won't be going again.
5 Great breakfast friendly staff, I was totally happy and would certainly return!  Great spread....  5-solid stars!
5 Wow, cant say enough about the Rio World Carnival Buffet!  I have yet to have a bad experience there.  The line outside is probably the worst part, depending on what time you get there!  I find the seafood to always be fresh!  They have live cooking stations throughtout the restaurant that ROCKS!  Yes I am a buffet foodie, and I have been to many....I find myself returning to the Rio on a regular!  The price, quality of food, and for the most part, the servers are great!
3 Ive been to this buffet almost every time I come to Vegas, which isn't very often maybe 3 times a year. I don't know why today wasn't as good as the last couple times it just didn't seem that great. Our waitress was very attentive friendly and made sure we had whatever we need. The snow crab legs were dry and not worth the effort they didn't have a salad bar with vegetables. I don't know exactly if and when this changed. But there is plenty of food from all different parts of the world to accommodate your taste and the dessert bar is very good. At $32 for an adult dinner it just seems pricey. Maybe I need to check out some other buffets.
2 Been to this buffet literally 50 times when they had 50% off for locals and I could get 50% off the lunch price coming in at 3:15pm and eat the dinner food...dinner would be around $8...5 stars, best deal in town.   Now that they've increased the price a couple bucks and decreased the discount to locals at 25% it's just not worth it for what you get when there are WAY better buffets for just a few more bucks if you time it right.  Snow crab legs are just dirty, small dried up things now...back in the day (2005) they had king crab and REAL prime rib,  not the thawed out and thrown in the oven salty roast beast every buffet serves up these days.  If you like variety, this place is for you, but nothing stands out as phenomenal.   If you come here and decide to pay full price, spend the $8 bucks more and go to Bellagio or Wynn...even Paris with a groupon (that has slipped recently).   ...and if you are on vacation hit Bachannal Buffet at Caesar's. So many people come here and blow tons of money on alcohol, the casino games and entertainment but seem to cut corners when it comes to food.   Skip this one...
3 We read that this one was good and we had the Buffet of Buffets pass, so we took the shuttle from Bally's to check it out for dinner.  It was another average Vegas buffet for me. Nothing was really memorable other than the fact that it's massive. It literally would take a couple minutes to walk from end to end. The food was just OK though.   We won't likely be back, especially since it's off The Strip. I should add that the staff was all friendly.
1 Looked up buffets and was one of the few that seemed abit above average in vegas . We were a group of 10  payed 32 dollars each for something we expected to be good . We were wrong  it was alot taking into account the food was HORRIBLE.Tried the different varieties of food American Asian , Mexican there was not one that i completely  ate because the food was so bad . The only plate of food I had was a salad, and a waffle . Don't get me wrong there is a huge selection of but the quality is just terrible Don't recommend it especially if you don't want to walk out with a stomach Ache
3 The service was quite nice and did come to check up on us but the food was more mediocre at this buffet. I had pasta and the steaks and I liked them but neither were spectacular. There was no prime rib so that also disappointed me. I did notice that there was a lot of bread which would be nice if you could take it. The soup bar and teppanyaki were nice and customizable but nothing too special in terms of taste. This buffet reminds me of the Asian buffets in New York or LA that you can go to for $10 so it's not great but still good.         The dessert section had lots of pies and cookies. The gelato was alright as well. There didn't seem to be anything that stood out to me though.         I liked the decor and the VIP seating area. The way the buffet is set up is nice because the food is all in a row so you can just keep walking to the right or to the left.
4 I thought the overall selection was outstanding!  I purchased the 24 hour buffet pass for the third time, but this was my first experience at RIO.  I thought the food selection was diverse and the overall quality was good.  For the size of the entree food, I would have expected more of a dessert selection.......oh well I was too full to eat a lot of sweets anyway.
5 love their seafood buffet such a wide variety of seafood they have some dishes with lobster and also crawfish and their crab seems to be always fresh .it is not dry like some buffets so you know it is fresh.they also have a good dessert bar with little red velvet cupcakes their crème brulee is always nice and creamy .they also have tiramisu  and gelato.
5 So many options, so little room on plate! So happy they had Asian noodle soups. Was everything we chose delicious? No, but there were so many great things that the couple so-so things didn't matter.
5 Growing up in Las Vegas this was my favorite buffet and I haven't found one ever as impressive as this one.  I haven't been in years and it sounds like a lot of people are complaining about the quality going down but for nostalgic reasons I am giving it all the stars!
3 The seafood here is NOT fresh, not really worth the price. Some sauce can be weird tasting to some customers. My suggestion is to have seafood before you go to Vegas.
3 Good choice of food, but there are limited amount of food with good taste. Only the fried seafood and prime rib is worth it. Asian food here is really bad, but the other ones are still pretty good
5 excellent customer service...!! fried chicken was the best in vegas.. seriously.. crab legs were small but hey can you pile em up unlimited..!!! desert bar wasn't that great.. locals get a discount..will definitely return.
3 I visited a day ago for the weekend. The price was not worth the food, weekend price was 35+ but the food was basic and not even of the freshest quality.  The weekday prices reflects the food that was served on the weekend.  Overall, it's a little disappointing.   Service was great though
4 If you like lot's of choices and to so much food that your stomach may explode then head to the Rio Buffet.  Enormous food stations with different kinds of food from all over the world.  From the typical fast food to more refined dishes can be found at this buffet.  After stuffing yourself with large amounts of food you can start over again at the dessert buffets.    Like most buffets is Las Vegas it's a affordable way to eat a  lot but if you want to discover new things or more exquisite tastes you have to look somewhere else (and pay more)  Not suitable for people who are on a diet :)
1 You can't possibly overcook a prime rib more than this place. What is the word used to describe 3 phases beyond "well-done"?  Person after person would come up to the carving section, see how over cooked the prime rib was and just walk away and the guy at the station pretty much was left with nothing to do and seemed kind of embarrassed, "uh yea, this is all we have".  Not only is it a disappointment for all the paying guests who come to dine wanting some prime rib, but it's a waste of food.  I should post a video of the amount of people who walk up to the station and then take a look at the meat and walk away.   You guys seriously need to take a look at what you are doing to your prime rib. The guy had 3 full prime ribs up there and each one looked like it had been stuck in a dehydrator for 3 days.  This is not the first time I visited and the prime rib was napalmed. Hopefully this review will get someone on the inside to investigate the destruction of food.
4 This buffet is a hidden gem in vegas. I had the 24 buffet pass and had been to paris and the "oh so special" Caesar buffet, and this place tops Caesars. Sure the juice isn't served in fancy little glasses and the food isn't plated in the cutest of ways, but when it comes down to buffets, I just want a wholesome quality buffet to satisfy my cravings. Rio definitely has more selection than most buffets and their Gelato bar is freaking awesome. Overall, quality and selection is spot on, however the atmosphere is a bit like that of hometown buffet; but, hey, then again we are talking about Rio.
