2 I literally am sitting at this urgent care right now as I write the review.  Here for a pre employment drug screen; no biggie but have already been sitting here for an hour watching a younger gal pretend to be working on the computer discussing the circumstances of Heath Ledger's death.  There is and has been one other person in the lobby with me sick as a dog but no attention or urgency.  The topper was that the young lady on the computer just told someone on the phone that they were pretty busy with four people in the lobby.  LIAR!!  Avoid if you can.  There are too many urgent cares that provide excellent service.  I did give two stars only because they were showing How to Train your Dragon in the lobby.   Love that movie.
5 I just left this Fast Med and am so thankful to everyone there! The first person I saw out front was Julie and she was wonderful, she went out of her way to make some phone calls and to take care of some billing stuff for me. The PA, Tyau was nice and had great advise for me and also called me a prescription in for my sinus infection. Roxanne was pleasant and made it a very comfortable place. It was nice to have such great people to help me especially when I was feeling so miserable!
5 I just left this urgent care and I was extremely pleased. This was my first time going to this urgent care and I was definitely impressed. I called them ahead of time to see if I could be seen before 11am and the Guest Service Specialist, Julie, was so helpful. She checked me in over the phone so when I arrived at the location I was able to fill out the paperwork, get vitals taken, and see the Doctor all within about 15 minutes. Julie was very friendly and helpful. The tech who took my vitals was also named Julie and she was really nice too.  The Doctor I saw was Susan Nelson. She was amazing as well. She listened to all my concerns and answered all my questions without rushing me out the door. She even gave me some helpful tips and advice on how to deal with my Fibromyalgia.   I don't understand the negative reviews on here and am almost wondering if they went to a different location because that is definitely not the experience I had.   My family will be using this urgent care from now on and I will be telling all my family and friends to use them as well.
5 Went Sunday, was in and out within an hour. Great service and great staff. Thank you, glad to find a speedy Urgent Care.
5 I went today which was a Saturday.  On the weekends, they have a PA and a couple of nurses on staff which I know is hard in a place like this.  Julie was a great Receptionist with service with a smile.  I like Julie because even if I'm at my worst, she always makes me feel better.  It took awhile.  About 45 minutes to an hour, but it was well worth it.  The PA, S Nelson is the best in her field.  Also service with a smile is extremely friendly.  You actually feel like you are seeing a real doctor.  She acts like a doctor.  Very knowledgeable.  Goes right to the problem!  Gives you what you need and it doesn't take that much time!  I visited because my left ear was impacted with Goop.  She drained it herself!  Very patient also!  Thank you so much FastMed and your staff!  I will come back again in the future when needed!
1 Checked in online for a 345 time slot. Got here at 320 to fill out the paperwork and now it is 415 and I'm still in the waiting room. Plus, they keep it extremely hot in here. This is incredibly painful.
2 OMG. Got here at 510pm and still waiting in the exam room to be seen..... WTH while waiting I see everyone go in that was here before me then a random guy goes in!!! Grrr WHY???? He had an appointment!!! I'm so kinda mad but why didn't anyone tell me!!!    ;(  .  Finally now it's 712pm and waiting for our prescriptions and doctor note for school.  And did I mention I'm hot in here.  Still waiting.................................7:17pm we are outta here!!!!
5 The receptionist was awesome. She took me back and got everything set up for the PA. She was really nice. Ben, the PA was great too. He asked me all kinds of questions. He was thorough with my exam. And he gave me what I needed right away. I will go back for whatever reason I'm in need of an urgent care center. Thanks
