2 Was waiting across the street at Toyota to pick up a family member dropping off a rental car. Was curious to see how the Fiats drove so I trolled down to the fiat stealership. My sister kept asking the guy about the J-Lo Fiat and yes they do have that edition if thats what you are into. I ended up test driving the Fiat 500 5 speed. Fun little car but definitely underpowered going on the freeway, not to mention I burned the clutch since the clutch pedal goes like two feet down into the floor.  Gave the salesman my e-mail and it  has been nonstop spam on e-mails. My advice is to test drive the Abarth if you really want a fiat and don't give out your information unless you are serious about buying one.  All the 2012s were a couple grand off and they are willing to work with you if you want to trade in an old vehicle. I think Fiat is hurting and trying to get into the American market so they are willing to cut the price down.
5 I purchased a Fiat 500 POP basic model a year ago, and it is still going strong. It's fun to drive, quite zippy on the highway and holds more cargo than one would expect from such a small vehicle. The salespeople here at Fiat of Scottsdale have never been anything but friendly and helpful. The service department is excellent as well, as I have brought the Fiat in several times for a free oil change and renewing the paint protection (also free, as it's included in the warranty). Overall, I highly recommend Fiats as far as vehicles go and if you're looking in the Phoenix metro area, Fiat of Scottsdale is the place to buy.
1 Went to buy a 2014 4-door Fiat 500L Trekking model. After advising what colors and options we wanted, we were advised one was available in the valley (in storage) & would be ready for pick up next day. We called the next afternoon to confirm delivery and were told the one matching was dented and/or scratched. Told another matching could be brought from Vegas but it'd be several days for delivery. An hour later, received a call and told another found in Tempe and to come to Scottsdale by 6pm. Upon arrival paperwork had both my and my spouse's names misspelled with numbers in our address transposed. Dealership still wanted us to sign on the incorrect documents. Waited for another 30 minutes and another salesman finally pulled up in "our" car with his two kids in back with hands on the windows. Windows weren't tinted (as promised) and anti-scratch coating not on yet (per salesman). Vehicle color scheme was wrong. No Trekking-style trim on vehicle, either...??? Manager then advised he could have told us the day before no vehicles matching our wants (including the dented/scratched one) was even available within 400 miles! Waste of time and gas for this BAIT AND SWITCH.
5 Just purchased our 2nd Fiat from here and we couldn't be happier! Our sales guy Wade was excellent! Friendly, helpful, on top of things and very accommodating! The sales manager was great too! They had everything all done and set for me when I arrived! We are so happy with our cars and when its ready to trade up this is the only Fiat dealership we will go to! The service department was super efficient as well (we purchased an interior fabric protectant) I called to schedule and they were able to work around my schedule! I was in and out in less than 20 minutes! Honestly out of all the dealerships we have had experience with both of our purchases with Fiat of Scottsdale has been effortless and exceptional, unlike any other in the past!
1 Purchasing a car is a big commitment. You want to purchase from a dealership that is not only attentive during the sale, but also responsive afterwards if something should arise. Unfortunately this is not the case at Fiat of Scottsdale.   When purchasing my 500, everything was rainbows and butterflies, aside from being sold an additional service contract that the finance manager told me was absolutely necessary to receive the interest rate I had agreed to, but that I could cancel after 30 days and the money would be refunded to my loan amount ($1,500+)... Cut to 6 months later- I've cancelled the service agreement (on the 31st day) with the Thor party company- and, while the service company had reversed the agreement, leaving it to the dealership to refund my loan, this had yet to be done! I have left 5+ urgent messages with several folks in the finance department at fiat of Scottsdale with NO CALL BACK!!! Then I thought "maybe I'll call the nice saleswoman who was initially so helpful, she can get me to the right place". Turns out, she's no longer with the company.   On and finally- when purchasing my vehicle I was told of a promotion where I would receive free oil changes for a year. Called the service department yesterday to make my appointment, and of course- they have no record indicating any such agreement/promotion exists.   BUYER BEWARE!
1 It's hard to imagine this company could get any worse but yet somehow they made it. We left four messages for the service department and never got called back. I finally drove the car to the Fiat dealership. The service director explained to me "that he doesn't know what his number"is but he's there now to help us. Apparently the regular service director went on vacation and the person in the front didn't know when directing calls.   Bottom line - avoid this company at all costs. The frustration trying to get service for your vehicle is amazing.
5 My car buying experience here was one of the best I have had.  Started with an internet application and was immediately called by the sales manager.  I explained my situation, what I wanted, and most importantly what it would take for me to make the hike out there and buy that day.  I didn't really have high hopes even after he told me over the phone he thought they could make it work.  Needless to say, they made it work and I couldn't be happier.  I was looking for an Abarth.  The car basically sells itself, and the salesperson wasn't pushy.  He answered all of my questions and was very knowledgeable about the vehicle and the entire Fiat line. Everyone there was friendly and very helpful.  Finance was fairly painless and staff there were friendly as well. When it was all said and done I was out of there with the car and deal I wanted in less than 3 hours total.  If I am ever in need of another car, I would definitely buy here again.    I hope that their service department is of the same caliber.  Hopefully I will be able to write up another positive review for that when it comes time for my first maintenance visit.  If you are looking for something a little different than the average Asian economy car, I highly recommended that you give Fiat a good look.  They are fun little cars with a ton of personality....
5 They always take good care of me!
2 Very disappointed with the service here.  They do everything in their power to get you to buy then once you're sold it's as if they put your needs at the bottom and focus on their next sale.  Here's just a few of the issues we had with their staff:  1 - Messed up our address on original lease and required us to fill out forms all over again in less than 24 hours.  Only problem was we were out of town and unable to come to dealership.  But they demanded it gets to them by end of month.   2 - Finance department didn't record our payment and called us weeks later inquiring if we had a record of our payment.  So we had to send them our credit card statement.   3 - We were invited to bring the car back after purchase for detailing.  When we brought it in, the salesman told us it would be about 30 minutes.  Two and half hours later and still not done, his only response was "It's the end of the month." Set your customers expectations accordingly, don't over promise.  Be honest.  Buying or leasing a car is never fun.  While we love the car itself, we are not sure it's worth the price when dealing with such irresponsible staff who truly don't care for their customers.  We won't be referring any friends to come here.
