5 After injuring my neck Nathan and Jessica were fantastic - they rearranged their schedules to see me immediately, Jessica was capable and knowledgable giving me some immediate relief and a number of exercises to assist in recovery and prevent future injury.  On top of this they are super friendly. I would highly recommend them both.
5 I have been attending group events (pilates, yoga fusion class, group run) at Mindful Motion this summer.  I have had a good experience with the group events, but I also feel that Jessica and Nathan are professional and know what they are doing when it comes to physical rehab and I would absolutely recommend them to anyone. Mindful Motion is new to the area, but both Jessica and Nathan are experienced in physical therapy.  The Mindful Motion Physical Therapy space is nice, comfortable, and welcoming.  When you find yourself with a painful back, knee, or other injury - why not check them out?!  I would.
5 Better than UW Sports and more affordable!  I was really impressed with both Jessica and Nate and have referred whoever I can to them.  I work in fitness and bodywork and their understanding of how the body works is excellent.
4 I was really pleased with Jessica and Nate. I really felt that Jessica listened the problems I was having, and made a treatment plan that would work for me. She admitted that she had never treated a violinist before, but still was able to give me really helpful exercises and stretches. I only wish I was still in Madison so I could keep seeing them!
5 I was so happy to have found this place.  I'm USA rower and called for an emergency appointment while I was visiting family over the holidays.   Not only were they able to get me in but the provided an over all great pt experience.   Jessica really knows pt and was able to "put me back together" and explain to me what was happening in my body.    Great location, easy to find and park.  Nate and Jessica are very kind and helpful.   If I need work done again I would go back without any question!
5 I found Mindful Motion on Yelp and after reading the ultra positive reviews I booked an appointment. I'd been having shooting pain down my leg and was ready to figure out what was going on. Jessica and Nate are extraordinarily nice, professional, and know. their. stuff.   I met with Jessica, who lead me through a series of movements and helped me assess what was going on. She walked me through how I could make changes in my day to day activities to ease the pain. After a couple of appointments I felt MUCH better and have since become more mindful of my movements (how I sleep, how I sit) and haven't experienced pain since. I highly recommend this duo!
