3 This tour is basically involces a dude taking you through several rooms where you will either sit and watch a film or some sort of presentation about how Whisky came into being and what is happening with Whisky these days. It was a bit bo-oring but I did come out of knowing a bit more about whisky in general. Plus you get a free taste of a whisky plus a tasting whisky glass to take home as your souvenir. There is a ride at the end of the tour as well. Don't get too excited about the ride folks.
3 If you love scotch whisky, you must stop here.  Despite my ancestry, I've never developed a taste for Scotch.  I tried again but I remain unable to cultivate a taste for it.  I have a certificate from this facility on the wall in my office along with the more predictable certificates.  The tour isn't amazing, but it's part of the experience & you should go for it.
4 In two trips to Edinburgh, I've skipped the tour here both times, but I would never miss the shop.  They have almost every brand of scotch in here, most in multiple variations and sizes.  This is a great place to come if you want variety.  They have many small (50ml) bottles, which make a great opportunity for sampling new whiskies and loading up the nooks and crannies of your luggage for the trip home.  I bought twelve of those bad boys last time, and one of them turned out to be my favorite scotch of the last few years.
4 The tour is a great introduction to Scotch, giving a good orientation to the regions and flavours.  Shop and cafe are quite good, and perhaps even a better highlight.  Though when I was there, they were revamping the whiskey barrel ride feature, which I imagine makes it somewhat different than the conference room PowerPoint approach the tour takes now.
3 I don't drink a lot of scotch, but this was an interesting stop because we actually learned about the different regions of Scotland and the type of liquor they produce.  We even smelled things that are added to the mix.  We didn't get a chance to go on the barrel ride, which was a bummer.  I liked the fact that this isn't a brewery tour...it's actually more like a mini-course.  The store is fun, too.
4 the barrel ride was a bit corny, but the information and demonstrations are very informative!  you get a free whiskey glass and test out 1 (or 4 for the more expensive tour) whiskey!  they do carry rare(r) whiskeys too like Oban!!! (yay!)  if you have small kids (under 12 ish) dont waste your money on this tour for them (unless you want to teach them about whiskey making), they will think its boring, and they will just annoy all of the adults!
4 The whole tour (barrel ride and tasting) borders on being cheesy, but informative.  Kind of like going to Disneyland to learn about how it's a small world after all.  But if you're ready to embrace the cheese and learn a little bit about how whisky is made and learn a little bit about Scotland geography (from a whisky glass), then this is a must-see.
5 i love this place.. check out the my avatar.. that's me sitting at the bar drinking scotch..   the barrel ride is a bit dorky.. and their store is quite expensive... however.. they have one hell of line-up of scotch.. and really knowledgeable staff..   if you even like alcohol.. you must visit here while you're in edinburgh
4 If you were wondering how whisky was made (scotch being the drink of the country) then this is the place for you.     Located right next to the castle it offers a tour of about 15 people around a "distillery" from grain to drink in glass as well as explaining very well all the processes and differences from area to area in Scotland. Its entrance is a bit pricey but there's a complimentary dram at the end.   Its good if you can't make it out to an actual distillery but were still curious about whisky.
3 If you're a fan of some good old scotch then you will love this place, if like me, you hate the stuff, this place will be of little interest. As whisky is Scotland's drink this distillery is a rather appropriate tourist attraction and just an excuse for a good old fashioned knees up.   On the tour you find out all about how whisky is made and the journey it goes on before it ends up in your hip flask. At the end of the tour you come to the big guns and end up in a room surrounded by whisky, in fact, it's the largest collection of whisky in the world. Thrilling.  A ticket on this tour is £11.50 and you're given a dram of scotch on the tour... I can't help but think this is a bit measly considering the tour is so pricey plus you get teased by being surrounded by 3,500 bottles at the end. Hmm...
1 AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!    Synopsis:  I'll start with the positive(s); the aroma room is an interesting and moderately useful concept to assign the nose and flavors of scotch to the essential elements.  This merits one star.     Negatives:  Pricey, info is mostly derivative, the tour is horribly rushed with NO time to spend in the beautiful display room, tasting room is poorly managed and poorly stocked; staff was rude and not well informed.  Detailed Description: If you MUST do this tour, do the basic tour (11 GBP) and skip the Gold tour (19GBP). If you don't know anything about scotch you might find it interesting.  If you have marginal knowledge of scotch you will find it useless.  The barrel ride is a joke and has no useful info.    We found ourselves up at the royal mile with time to kill before a tour reservation so decided to check this out.  Initially I was against it, but then read the reviews and decided to spring for it.  My wife (not a scotch drinker) did the basic tour and I did the gold since the included 4 additional tastings seemed like a bargain; was I WRONG!  Barrel tour was waste of time and insult to intelligence. Aroma room was moderately useful and well presented; hence one star. The display room of over 3300 bottles of scotch from a private collection was beautiful, but we were allowed less than 3 minutes in the room.  I could have spent much more time but was forced out into the tasting room. Ah, the tasting room was massively disappointing.  The four additional tastings of the gold tour tastes were pre-selected; which they do NOT inform you at the beginning of the tour, nor do they tell you that the tastings are less than 1 dram.  WTF!  OK, I get that I won't be able to try high end rare scotches as part of a tour, but I wanted to try something new as I had tried two of the four scotches, but was told no.  Guests should be given a choice of scotches from a list of about a dozen for the tastings. They do have an extensive scotch menu in the tasting room, but many of them are not stocked.  In the hour we were in the tasting room over a dozen patrons wished to try scotches that were on the menu only to be told they were unavailable.  Just before we left I inquired about the lack of availability and was informed that the tour gets the dregs of what is available and the disgruntled staff member told me where in Edinburgh to go to sample a wide range of scotches.   VERY DISSAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE!!
2 It costs nearly £12.  It isn't a proper distillery.  There's no information availabe here that you can't find by going onto Wikipedia and typing in "whisky".  Don't be a mug.
4 Cool little tasting gallery and automated tour.  Tried Baillie Nicol Jarvie here for the first time and loved it.  Had always gravitated toward single malt but this was a refreshing change of pace in a blend.
4 I should mention here that we did not take the tour; for £11.95 per person we didn't feel that the history of Scotch was sufficient to support the cost. Does this mean I was frugal like a Scot in the face of Scotch? Yes. Yes it does.  We opted for the retail centre where several gents in kilts danced around the room like Whirling Dervishes. The cutest thing you ever did seen! Saw. Exactly. One such Dervish was kind enough to let us sample a few of the open whiskies for tasting. I've never understood the deep appreciation for Scotch but the Heritage Centre did open my eyes to what makes a good Scotch whisky and what makes a great one.  We were pointed upstairs to the Amber bar for a tasting of Scotch made with peat which, as it turns out, I happily enjoy. I prefer feeling the fire in mah belly than in the back of my throat, and the taste of smoky charcoal is rather delicious.  I don't understand why anyone would pay £7500 for a Scotch whisky made from 19th century spirits, but then I'm not a true Scotch aficionado. But the Heritage Centre certainly helps you feel like one.
4 Until visiting the Scotch Whiskey Heritage Centre I didn't realize how different Scotch was from other hard alcohols and whisky's.  The Heritage Centre was very enjoyable as you learn from a creepy looking ghost while sitting in a wooden whiskey barrel on tracks on how to make whiskey from start to finish.  The best part is the taste testing  and understanding the different regions of Scotland and how they yield different tastes.   Definitely a must do while walking the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.
5 My 8, 9, and 11 year old and I had a lot of fun on this tour.  It's about $20 USD for adults and a bit less for kids.  That gets you a 15 minute Disney-style ride that kids can relate to ... explains how whiskey is made at the right level of detail for non-afficianados.  Then a live person explains the four different whiskey regions and how the tastes are different from one area to the next. Adults get to sample one and kids get a local fizzy drink.  For a few $ more you get a sample from each of the regions.  I did that and it was very worth it.   I prefer wine, but I learned a lot and had a good time with it.
5 This place is just awesome. I took the platinum tour. The theme-park like tour through the production of whisky was nicely done and instructive.   The tasting lets you taste the single malts from the different regions (why only two..?), with some explanation about the tastes.  The last few stops on the your are truly amazing. The way in which they display the largest collection of Scotch whisky bottles (well over 3000 different bottles) is absolutely stunning. The very last bit of this selection is in a whisky bar with an outstanding collection and a some nice views.  If you like whisky and you have at least half a day in Edinburgh: do it!
4 Part bar, part museum, part Epcot Center Disney attraction - the The Scotch Whisky Experience is a great tourist trap. It trapped me for about 3 hours, and I was only in town for 12!  My friend and I signed up for the Platinum tour which included 3 tastings (including one 21 YO premium Scotch), a tour of the collection, and a gift bag and certificate proclaiming my liver's endurance level.  To be honest, the most enjoyable part of the experience was going downstairs beforehand to their awesome bar and having a few glasses before the tour. The bartenders were awesome and really guided us to the their best bottles in the types of scotches we wanted to try.
4 I'm not a scotch fan, but the tour was interesting and our guide was hilarious.  At the end of the tour, they have scotch samples.  The key is to go there on 30 December while visiting the city for Hogmanay (NYE party) because they have more free samples than any other day of the year.  I think it was 4 or 6 samples, but it didn't matter since none of the vendors kept track because everyone was happily toasted.  I had no idea how many different types of scotch exist, so if you like the stuff, hit it up.  Great place.
4 Staff were very knowledgable and passionate about whisky and the industry. The tasting room is a bit cramped but the business has a great system in place to keep people moving throughout the tour. Being new to understanding the history of whisky, this place was definitely a great place to learn the basics from.
4 I read some of the reviews on this place and I guess I see where they are coming from but I'm never one to over estimate a place.  I pretty much try and expect just what is stated and not more.  So anyway, my dad and I checked this place out one weekday afternoon.  We're both whisky fans and a shopkeeper suggested we check it out.  We signed on for the Silver Tour which turned out to be a good deal.  It does start out as a ride of sorts.  I didn't find it cheesy but I'm an easy going guy.  I think if I'd done this before visiting any distilleries this part would have been very informative.  As it happened, this was at the end of my trip to Scotland so I had been to just a few distilleries.  By few, I mean about 10... Ahem.  Anyway, I still found it a cool little touch to the tour.  Once you're taken through the malt's eye view of distillation, the group gathers and the actual guided part of the tour begins.  It's essentially a mini class on what constitutes a scotch whisky and an explanation of the different sources of flavor and color a whisky can have.  The approach here is that you know very little of whisky and may not even have ever tasted one.  I think for someone brand new to this drink, it would be quite helpful.  For myself, I already know what I like but I still enjoyed it. This part ends with you picking a scent/flavor note and being given a whisky from that selection.  From here you and your chosen whisky move into the next area which is the largest collection of whisky bottles I've ever seen.  It actually was an individual's private collection which had been donated.  I don't know, I like it.  There were some really old and really interesting bottles.  I enjoyed this part as well.   From there you move into the final area which also has a bar.  My silver tour included 4 additional tastings which were quite tasty. Don't fear, I was walking and not driving.  I walked away from my tour with a Glencairn glass and warm insides.  Definitely think it was a good value given the four additional tastings.  Also, throughout the tour (excepting the collection room) they have some theme for kids.  Just after the ride, they have a cat character on the walls meant to entertain young children.  In the final area, there are some interactive play areas with the cat as well.  One final thing I should note is that in addition to the tour, they have a downstairs gift shop, bar and restaurant.  I did have a sandwich here and it was actually good.  I wasn't expecting much but the food I had was a nice surprise.  I don't know if I'd make it a point to go there just to eat but if you're waiting for your tour to start and want a bite, you'd do well.  I'd recommend this place to visitors.  Shout out to Garry our tour guide.  Well done!
5 The Scotch Whisky Experience lies in the center of some Venn diagram of things that are embarrassingly touristy, goofily hokey, and actually pretty cool.  The Experience (which seems to also be referred to as the Scotch Whiskey Heritage Center) consists of a few different elements:   a. A tour you can take that teaches you about whisky. b. A bar/tasting room you go to at the end of the tour. c. A gift shop where you can buy bottles of whisky and various souvenirs.  d. A restaurant (which I did not go to).   The tour itself is a combination of interesting and cheesy. It starts off with an "educational" amusement park-style ride that you might find in Epcot Center. You sit in a barrel-shaped cart that goes down a track while a hologram explains the process of making whiskey to you in the language of your choice. No, I'm not making this up.  Following that you go into a room where an actual non-holographic human being gives you scratch-and-sniff cards and teaches you about the four regions of whisky-making in Scotland. I am not making this up either.   You then get to choose which region you want to sample whiskey from (hint: if you've never had whiskey before go with Speyside or Highlands malts. They tend to be the sweetest and smoothest. Islays are the harsh peaty whiskeys) and your host pours you a small tasting glass.   The next step of the tour is the largest collection of whiskey in the world. It's an impressive collection and very well presented. I believe you can pay more to take the last tour of the day which allows you to spend more time in the collection room. I found it interesting, but didn't feel like I was missing out on anything by mainly looking at the collection as a whole, and not examining each individual bottle.   Finally, the tour exits into the tasting room. If you paid for the "silver tour" you are now done. If you bought the "gold tour" you get a flight of whiskey from the tasting room. This flight is chosen by the museum and will generally consist of a lower-end whiskey from each of the four regions. Please do not ask the host to give you top-shelf 30 year malts instead.   You can also purchase glasses of whisky in the tasting room. I found if you sit at the bar and wait until the wave of people from the latest tour group have trickled out, the host will have time to talk to you and make some good recommendations based on what you've tried that you like.   The hosts were all very friendly and very knowledgeable.  When you decide you're done there, you can go to the gift shop and buy whisky to take with you or any number of little tchochkes.  I wouldn't say I learned a ton at the Scotch Whisky Experience, but I found the tour design to be fascinating (you can tell some serious money and thought went into it - even if it is hokey), the large whisky collection to be impressive and getting recommendations from the hosts to be worthwhile. All in all an enjoyable way to spend part of an afternoon if you like whisky.
3 I do not like whiskey at all but my bf loves it.  So when we were in Edinburgh we went to the scotch whiskey experience for him and it was pretty cool.  A little gimmicky with the ride in a scotch barrel while a ghost of some dude tells you how whiskey is made.    After that part is over you watch a video about the different regions of whiskey and you get a scratch and sniff card to smell the different types and then you pick one of the four regions to try.  (you can also pay more to try more of the whiskey's)  Then they take you into the tasting room which contains one of the world's largest personal collections of whiskey.  It was pretty impressive.  I would not have guessed that many whiskey's existed.  My boyfriend enjoyed it and I wasn't bored out of my skull so it's a-ok in my book.
4 Everything you need to know about whisky, and more. Yes, this place is super touristy but also pretty neat. I didn't know that much about whisky but I do now!   Tour- where I learned about the history and process. I also learned the benefits of aging, the different whisky regions and what single malt means. I got to try a whisky from 2 of the regions - the second because my mom was sitting out the tasting.   Largest collection of whisky - this is cool. The sheer volume of bottles is amazing and to think one person owned this collection and tried all of them!    Tasting room - we didn't stay here long because my mom wasn't drinking and I didn't want to be drinking by myself! But they have lots more to try and drinks made with whisky if you don't like it straight.    Store - I had a lot of help from the knowledgeable associates in picking out a bottle for my dad and for myself to take home.
4 When I first saw this place, I thought, SERIOUSLY?  Beside the castle, and a whisky experience?  Could it get any more touristy?  But upon buying the tickets and stepping into a barrel ride (I was secretly hoping that we would suddenly be descending rapidly down a giant slope with a splash of whisky at the end, but no dice), I was entranced!  Really interactive exhibit on how whisky is made, and a little bit about the history.  We also had a very animated tour  guide called Tom, who took us through the different regions of whisky (hint: the smoky one does actually taste the best!  In my opinion anyway.).    The whisky room is crazy.  Wow.  Can't even imagine how much it's worth!    And lastly, I really liked how they didn't try to force sell you a million types of whiskies upon exit, but it was more subtle as in "now you know more about whiskies, maybe you can try one of these?"  Highly recommended.
5 One of the best things about my trips to Scotland has been learning to enjoy whisky. I always thought I hated it. Mostly because, as an American, my whisk(e)y experiences have been solely connected to horrible American whiskeys. Or bourbons. Just not my thing I guess.  Then I had a tiny exposure to whisky at The Fat Duck with the whisky wine gums, and I thought, "Hey some of these are actually really good". So heading up north to Scotland gave me the opportunity to try them out for real! I discovered I really enjoyed the smoky ones (Islay? yes please!).   So after trying several, I was incredibly excited about going to the Scotch Whisky Experience. Unfortunately, we were squeezing it into a space of time of about 1.5 hours since our train was leaving, so we could only do the Silver experience, and not the Gold (which adds on a whisky tasting at the end).   Anyway, the barrel ride was a bit cheesy. I'm not going to lie. But it was incredibly interesting to learn how whisky is made. Double distillation. Who knew? (Not me apparently!) The flavors depend on the malts AND the shape of the distillation apparatus? Fascinating. There are five separate malt regions and the malts have different flavors in each of them? Neat!  Then, you get to try one! I would have gone for the Islay whisky, but the Speyside whisky was Glengrant (and I've always wanted to try the whisky with my name), so I opted for that one while the other half had the Islay whisky. Both were tasty, but the Islay whisky was on the mild side, and not as delicious as Laphroig or Ardbeg!   Then you get to see the amazing whisky collection. There are an insane number of bottles there. It's fascinating to see them, and there are so many you probably couldn't even look at them all during one tour! The other half mentioned that it was a bit of a waste that there is all that whisky, and no one drinking it, but that's life I guess!  Then you get to go out into the bar area, and if you have the Gold tour, have your whisky tasting. Or you can opt for a whisky cocktail at the other bar. Unfortunately, we had to leave and catch our train, but we used our tickets to buy a couple of slightly discounted bottles of whisky before leaving!   Hoorah for the Scotch Whisky Experience making me love whisky even more and teaching me about the subtle details of it all!
4 Look past the extremely tacky conveyor belt style whiskey history ride and you'll see a fantastic intro to whiskey tasting. The staff are great and their knowledge of Scotland's whiskey history is great. You'll get to understand/taste the diverse range of tastes whiskey can offer, see the largest collection of whiskey (great for some classy vacation photos) and keep a glass. Worth it.
5 Dorky little ride aside... We loved our time here. (Shhh...don't tell anyone but...we even sort of enjoyed the little ride because we got to sit down after a long day of walking and standing.)  The best part? The whisky tasting of course!  It's 100% worth it to bump up to the higher levels and get the tasting experience in the bar.  We had plenty of time to explore the displays of whisky and history and plenty of time to sit at the bar and enjoy the tasting.  Plus, after sipping that much whisky it makes the rest of the day so much more fun!
5 So much fun to be had here!  The tour is great, to see the worlds largest collection of malts was special. Go for the gold ticket and at the end you you a tasting at the bar of four whiskys, it's a great day for novices and seasoned drinkers a like!
3 We did the Whisky Tour cause it's kinda the tourist thing to do and we... eh.... were tourists.  Having said that, it was somewhat enjoyable.  We were a little surprised at the little wine barrel ride, thinking somehow we were back at home in adult Disney or something, but like another reviewer said, it was welcoming since we've been walking alllll day long and it was a chance to rest our legs.  I've never tried whisky before... so it's a new experience and to be honest, I didn't like it.  But I think it must be an acquired taste and didn't expect to fall in love with it right away.  The tour itself was pretty decent.  The whisky tasting was cool because the tour guide provides you with the basic information and introducing you to whisky from different regions.  The whisky collection room was pretty impressive.  So, I wouldn't exactly put it as highlight of my trip.  I think it's a neat thing to do if you have a few extra days in Edinburgh and have toured the castle, the royal mile, Arthur's Seat etc.... and looking for something more to do.  Or if you simply love whisky and/or wanted to learn/try more.  Otherwise, it's far down the priority list for me.
4 We enjoyed the tour and the appreciation session - and the rooms with all the whiskys. I could tell my mom loved it b/c she kept asking me to take photos...of everything! I am squarely a Lowlands guy. You?
2 Well, it's a lot of show but if you know anything about whisky then you'll see that this is totally for the tourists. Situated outside Edinburgh Castle, it's an opportunity to take a ride in a very slow barrel being whisked along by a ghostly moustache. They offer you a small dram of not particularly good whisky on the silver tour, and four on the gold tour, then you can see the biggest crime known to man - a whole load of whisky that's been collected and not drunk, left to evaporate over the decades!  Still, you get a whisky glass out of it, but there are better places to go for a whisky.
4 A tourist playground... Cheesy yet informative... Great WoL overview!  (WoL-Water of Life)
4 I'm a wine drinker myself, however my husband is a whiskey lover, so I agreed to get the premium package for this place. He could have my whiskey and it would buy me some much needed shopping time later during our trip to EuropeJ The tour starts off with a ride that walks you through the process of making whiskey, once it's done there is a quick overview from the guide with more in depth question and answers  Our tour guide was very bubbly and knowledgeable about every stage of the whiskey making process. I believe her name was Molly. She led us into a class room of sorts after the brief overview and proceeded to go into detail Whiskey regions in Scotland and we were able to sample some from these areas. I could tell that my husband really enjoyed being amerced in this conversation along with other whiskey enthusiasts. When it was over we were led through the largest private whiskey collection in the world, it was massive and impressive in size.  I had a good time, despite having zero interest in the beginning of this tour. It was very thoughtfully laid out and I came out with an appreciation for whiskey. I kind of wish we had purchased the tasting package so we could have gone down to the restaurant for whiskey and food pairings, but perhaps on another visit.
3 Good whisky intro... A touristy overview... A bit overpriced.
3 I took this tour as I couldn't get to a real distillery tour. Yes it's cheesy, yes it's a touch overpriced for what you get BUT the Whisky collection room is breathtaking and you get a souvenir tasting glass to take away. So, all on all, if you can't make the real thing, it's an ok substitute.
4 My friend and I went here on a whim and had no idea what to expect. I think we both thought it would be a tasting where you simply sit at a bar then leave when you're done.  It was way better than that. We loved it. We opted for the package that includes the tour as well as the four additional tastings. The tour itself was very cool. We sat in a barrel-shaped car that took us along a track through a tour of the whiskey-making process. Afterward, we learned more about tasting whiskey, did one tasting with the tour group, saw a massive collection of whiskey (including really old bottles), and then did our four additional tastings on our own at the bar. It was a nice touch that we got to take home a souvenir tasting glass.
4 Quintessential tourist spot, and yes a bit overpriced, but it's in the heart of the Royal Mile at the base of the Castle, so what do you expect? I'm not complaining, we had a great time. After days and days of drinking Jameson & Ginger Ale, it made complete sense to continue to drink myself into liver failure with Whisky tasting. Guided tours, a whisky shop, a bar, a coffee shop and a restaurant. I could live here!  We took the gold tour, which included 4 tastings at the end. I admit, when I saw the barrel that you hop on that takes you around, it immediately took me back to my childhood, days at Disneyland on the Haunted Mansion ride! This is adult Disneyland! We were first taken around in the barrel ride (I thought it was very informative) We were then brought into a room and given a scratch & sniff card with the different Glens. At the end of the tour, we were given a souvenir Glencairn glass. We perched ourselves down on some comfy chairs and started tasting. My favorites were Speyside and Lowland. This was fun, I would recommend a go.   Slainte!
2 This place was way too hyped.  If you go on a winery tour in France for example, the experience is quite authentic. The Scottish Whisky Experience was not much more than a video tour and a lame themepark ride.  The guide had little knowledge of the Whisky making process and in general it feels more like a tourist magnet than a genuine peek into whisky production, culture and history.
4 Good overall intro to Scotch Whisky.  The beginning part of this tour is an automated ride in a simulated Whisky barrel taking guests through the process of Scotch Whisky making.  This portion of the tour is narrated and one is provided with a general understanding of the key elements of the process to produce a bottle of Scotch.  While the beginning part of the tour is a bit hokey, when the barrel ride part of the tour ends a real tour guide takes over and provides some really good information on the different regions that produce Whisky and the general differences in the styles between the regions.  A scented card and brief slide show are used and are well done and informative.  Guests then select which Whisky they'd like to sample.  Once samples are selected, guests are ushered into a room containing the largest Scotch Whisky collection in the world where guests get instructions on how to taste and appreciate their selection.  Again, very well done and our guide was very informative.  Be sure to snap some photos here, the collection is impressive.  Finally, guests enter a formal tasting room.  We did the Gold tour so we got to select an additional 4 tastings each and were able to enjoy these at our own pace.  Everyone exits through a liquor store and I could not leave without purchasing two bottles...   Overall, a very good tour / experience; highly recommended.  My only suggestion is to eat something before you go on this tour.
4 Für meinen letzten Abend in Edinburgh habe ich mir eine Tour bei der Scotch Whisky Experience gegönnt. Und zwar genau die Luxusversion "Taste of Scotland" mit einem 3-Gänge-Menü im angeschlossenen Restaurant "Amber" inklusive. Der Ablauf der Tour ist aber (ohne Dinner) mit der Platinum Tour identisch.  Man wird von den Mitarbeitern sehr freundlich empfangen und dann gleich in ein Faß geleitet, daß sich als Fahrgerät entpuppt. Mit diesem Faß fährt man durch eine virtuelle Destillerie, um den Herstellungsprozess eines Single Malts erklärt zu bekommen. Nach einer ca. 10 minütigen Fahrt empfängt der "Tourguide" die Teilnehmer in einem kleinen Raum, in der die Herstellung nochmal mithilfe von Gerste und Torf auch sensorisch gezeigt. Dann wurde auch die Bedeutung der Pot Stills und der Fässer erklärt.  Danach kam es zum Wichtigsten Teil des Abends: das Tasting. In diesem Raum haben uns bereits gefüllte Nosing Gläser auf farbig markierten Punkten erwartet, daneben eine Karte mit den selben Farben, die mit den Regionen Speyside, Lowlands, Highlands und Islay beschriftet waren. Wir sollten dann unsere Nasen überprüfen und an den farbigen Teilen der Karten rubbeln und riechen, um den "regionentypischen" Geruch erfahren zu können. 2 Whiskies gab es dann zu probieren, aus den Highlands den Deanston und von Islay den Ardbeg. Dazu wurde uns der richtige Ablauf eines Tastings erklärt - sehen, riechen, schmecken.  Nach dem Tasting ging es weiter in die weltgrößte Whiskysammlung, dort erwartete uns schon wieder ein Dram :) Die Whiskysammlung von Claive Vidiz umfasst um die 3500 Einzelflaschen Whisky. Eigentümer ist jetzt der Getränkekonzern Diageo.  Zum Abschluß gab es für die Teilnehmer der Tour ein "Goodiebag" mit einer Whiskyminiatur und einem Nosing Glas. Natürlich gabs noch eine Teilnahmebescheinigung.  Anschließend ging es für die "Taste of Scotland" - Teilnehmer weiter ins Amber Restaurant, in dem es dann ein 3-Gänge Menü gab. Darüber habe ich einen eigenen Beitrag geschrieben.  Um einen ersten Eindruck über die Welt des schottischen Whiskys zu bekommen ist ein Besuch in der Scotch Whisky Experience auf dem Castle Hill eine gute Hilfe.
4 I type it: whiskey. That's what I like... and that's what my spell check likes.  This... now this is an experience for tourists. And tourists only. I don't think an actual Scot comes in this building unless they're working.  The experience includes a ride on their Haunted Mansion (but slower and not as scary) ride through the process of how to make whiskey. A friendly ghost... yep, you read that right, is your guide through the distilling process. It takes about 6 or 7 minutes and then you disembark and head into the music room.  It's not really a music room... but there are treble clefs on the wall. My wife mentioned it was some imagery about the harmony of flavors or something... anyway, you watch a video about the regions of Scotland that produce certain styles of whiskey. All in all, it's educational and not at all boring.  Next, you taste! You get to try one style of whiskey... and you slide your little glass onto the right color and it opens the door to the Shrine of the Silver Monkey. No, no... that's not right... you slide your glass onto a colored spot on the table and the guide pours you that corresponding region's whiskey. I opted for the smooth, vanilla-like kind... I think I picked yellow.  Next, you move into a room that is pretty dang impressive... you will stare in awe at the largest private collection of whiskey anywhere... I think there were about 3,400 bottles... none duplicated... and a couple that were over 100 years old. Take a picture in the whiskey vault... seriously... it's like the Cave of Wonders if all of the Wonders are whiskey.  Then, you get spit out in a bar! Where you can buy more whiskey! Or just read some plaques and then go downstairs to the gift shop... and buy more whiskey! It's fun... it's not too expensive... it's worth doing once. And it's right by Edinburgh Castle - and you're already going to the Castle... right? Yeah, you are. So maybe think about stopping in.
