1 There is no secondhand information in this post and none of it is based off of secondhand or hearsay; this is my experience with his company:  He did not answer my calls and did not return my contact even though I paid him 3 weeks in advance for t-shirts after contacting him 3 months before I needed the t-shirts. He claimed he would send me a photo of a mark up shirt. I never saw one. He is now claiming he does not know me or believes I have inaccurate information but every one of the messages I left him I gave my name, who I had contacted that knew him (a friend set me up with his company to do a special order job she could not complete at her shop), and my contact information. Never hear back from him. He is now claiming he will sue me for my freedom of speech to talk about my experience with his "company" (AZ law can be read here: http://www.dmlp.org/legal-guide/arizona-defamation-law, which primarily relies on being able to prove that my experience that I am stating here is false). He flagged my first review because he does not want bad press, but going through the BBB, I found out he doesn't even have a business license.  I don't recommend this guy because he has crap communication, makes promises he can't deliver on, and has shady business requirements like I must pay in full before I can even see what a shirt looks like when it's done. I finally received my refund and am seeking additional support through the BBB.  PS he reviewed himself and gave himself 5 stars and I had it flagged and removed.
5 I have received nothing but great service from this shop. The first time I printed with him, the shirts turned out fine. I did pay in full for the first service but I also had a rush on the shirts. He was able to print them the same day.  The second time we printed, I needed them rushed again and not only did he complete the work but he threw in some samples of other shirt sizes and styles with our logo so we could see what they look like.  It seems there is a bad review on here but after reading it, I can say that I did not experience any of the things mentioned. Nothing but great service and good printing was received.   Thanks again!
5 The quality of the work was great.  The service was better than expected.  I had a job that needed to be completed quickly.  I received a couple of mock ups on the work and was able to pick the one that worked best for us.  Great service, great work, and my friends and family absolutely loved the shirts.
