2 Food was good, service was good. Owner very nice throughout our meal, seemed amazed the kids loved sushi so much. Prices not bad for sushi. They have 2 for 1 roll specials Tuesday - Thursday as of this writing.  But then...we found the dead cockroach on the floor underneath an adjacent table. Kinda ruined our appetite, glad we pretty much finished our meal by the time we found it. We know Henderson is in the middle of the desert, so lots of critters running around, but it changed our perception for this place.  If it wasn' for our discovery, would have given this at least 3 stars. The owner is really nice and the food was actually good, especially the different rolls we ordered. Sashimi was okay too.  2 stars, while adamantly throwing positive vibes over to M. Sushi.
4 I drove by this place a few times and was curious about it. One night my girlfriend and I decided to celebrate the start of our vacation with All You Can Eat Sushi. She and I have been to many places all over Vegas for AYCE; and we have our standard favorites, so we were skeptical to try this "new" place out, especially because it does not look like a quality sushi place from its store front. To our delighted surprise, the sushi and variety were great. All though the service was a bit slow, the overall experience demands a return visit from us. It proves that great food takes time. There are a couple other sushi places for AYCE around town which are better; however, for its proximity to our home, customer service, and its family run ambiance, you can't beat it.
5 I think some of the negative posts here are shills. Today was the third time I've had lunch at M, and just like the last two visits-- The food was really good. I admit I am a high maintenance gal and my husband and I frequent upscale places like Nobu when we want our usual  perfect meal--- But this place has a ton of potential!  It's probably not somewhere we would come for dinner because it's a little too casual for us but it's a perfect lunch spot!  It's a smaller, but cozy corner lot in a popular strip mall in the middle of Henderson.  They offer AYCE and different lunch options.  The restaurant seems family owned, and that's what made me like it. All three times I was there I was waited on by the same younger man. He was very polite and answered a few questions I had about their special rolls.  The fish was extremely fresh, They had a flair and a unique appeal that will have me coming back for lunch more often!   I'm never a fan of the California roll.. It's too boring for me.. I'm from New York anyway.. But that's besides the point.. They made a baked bay scallop cali roll with ponzu sauce. It was different because the roll wasn't baked, just the scallops were. I like that cold/hot mixed textured kind of thing.
3 I always pass by this place and finally decided to see how it was. I was not impressed. Most of the rolls are around 12 so it would have better if I did the AYCE. Although the rolls were not that great the service was awesome. Every time I picked up the menu the waiter rushed to our table and was ready to take our order. Overall it was not that great and I probably won't go back any time soon.
5 This is the same place I reviewed as O Yummy Sushi but with a new name! http://www.yelp.com/biz/oyummy-sushi-and-roll-henderson#hrid:BDgVs4eT6tQIfmQOPqlF3w
2 Service was good, he was right on it - but that's pretty easy when you're the only customer in the place. Overall, food was meh - perhaps that's what their "M" stands for? Small portions, nothing too grand, prices pretty high for what you get.
4 This place is kind of hidden, but in a good location. It is fairly small and appears more like a fast food atmosphere, but has a some dine in tables. The wait staff is very friendly and attentive. They have a nice variety on their menu and a favorite of mine was the lobster roll. They also have take out ordering available. The food was good and we definitely would go again. All you can eat sushi...lunch $19.95, dinner $23.95
3 Really a plain looking place, but the sushi is surprisingly good and well prepared. The volcano was tasty with a good smokey flavor that we experienced at a few other places. The ala carte menu has items with the same name as the all you can eat menu, but have different ingredients, which can be confusing. Yes, they make the sushi in the back area where you can't see the ingredients, but the food is prepared promptly and the service is good. My only suggestion is to bring in some new furniture, don't play funky music, keep the front door closed (unprofessional) and improve the ambience. There is potential here, but they need to improve the overall feel of the place since there is some competition nearby.
5 I'm really starting to love sushi! This place was right on the spot perfect! The crazy Philadelphia is my favorite and all i have been craving since i had it!  The place is small and when i first walked in the right tables were a little dirty but we didn't sit on that side so it didn't bother me. Our easier was very prompt and friendly helped my fiance decide on which sushi to try and they all were delish! He cleaned up our table and was there to offer more suggestions seeing as he had the ayce. And he even refilled our drinks. Prices are cheaper than most sushi joints, and the quality and quantity of food was amazing. Will most certainly be going back especially because its right down the street from my place.  Love it!
1 Dont now now is a new owner but i try to order sonething happend i dint like the old guy was very umprofetional i never went back
5 This place kicks ass.    No two ways about it.    Here we are in a mini mall in the middle of the desert, and somehow I end up with sushi that tastes like if just jumped out of the ocean.  I don't know how they do it....
5 The shop is small and quaint. I guess it used to be called Yummy sushi. While the sushi was yummy, calling it "M" is much better. It seemed like people knew about this little gem. I had the AYCE sushi and after eating good portion of food, my server offered half portions instead. Towards the end, half portions were the way to go.   Because its small, my server did presume I was there to pick up food and leave, but if you can, grab a table and see who walks in. The people watching was just as interesting as the food. I really liked the White Tuna. The texture and taste was awesome. No bad sushi here. I'm glad that I decided to check it out on a whim.
5 I've eaten at a lot of all you eat places in Vegas and California.  This is my favorite.  Better than sake2me in socal.  Better than sushi twister in Vegas. My favorites are wild wild west (salmon, cream cheese, a sweet sauce)  lion roll, and the salmon.  Place isnt that busy so dont have to wait long fir food.  Next to trader joes on Sunset.  Great value.
5 This place rocks great sushi. They make it how you want it and fill this big boy up. I have never had a bad experience here. Must try the popcorn lobster roll. IT WILL ROCK YOUR WORLD!!! Btw if you come before 12 just call to make sure they are open.
5 The place is awesome, good food and very very nice people. They serve several complimentary side dishes with your entree and are very kind. Gives you a warm family feel.
5 I would highly recommend!!!! Great Korean food! Better than alot of Korean restaurants back in LA. Under new ownership. The Korean couple who own it are friendly, especially the Ahjussi (man).  Give it a try if you like Asian cuisine with quality ingredients.  Place was extremely clean too.
5 My family and I were on a walk and decided to have lunch here. We all love sushi so thats what we ordered. It was alright. However, the service and the Korean food was absolutely amazing! The owner serves while the wife cooks. While we waiting for our rolls, the owner brought out Korean meatballs, Korean pancakes and miso soup for free. It wasn't anything I would have normally ordered but the food was amazing! He brought me extra rice for my kids and after the meal he brought us all mini bowls of pumpkin soup just so we could try it. It was awesome! The owner was very nice, his wifes Korean cooking is to die for. I will definitely be back but next time for Korean food!  I highly recommend!!!
1 Came here for the all you can eat dinner.  Service was good and the first two rolls were delicious.  But by the third one, it started tasting funny.  By the end it was as if I was eating gobs of flour! Disgusting!  Will not come back.
5 This place is not the same M Sushi anymore as they now serve mainly Korean dishes. The couple who owns it are two extremely nice people. The food is superb. I always come here for lunch so I'm not sure if the menu changes for dinner. I have never had Korean food before so it was a great first experience. Awesome! Will come back for more.
5 Got to love a true mom and pop place like this legit food homestyle Korean cooking some of the best I've ever had and the service Is fantastic these people do what they love and it shows in their food
5 This is the best mom and pops Korean restaurant I have ever been to. They treated us like their own family and spoiled us immensely. It's a small hole in the wall place that needs more visitors here. Try it once and you will be hooked. I plan on coming here again and again. The chef/wife's cooking is to die for. The husband/ host is absolutely hilarious and genuine. It's hard to find great quality food run by an old loving couple. The husband is a chemical engineer and the wife was a nurse for many years so you know they pay attention to every detail of the cooking and make sure everything is clean and perfect when ready to be served on the plate. They gave us 3 free dishes and even offered us a 4th free dish and even refused our tip because we were students. I made sure to slip one pass the husband though lol and still we did not think that was enough to express our gratitude towards such an eventful experience at their restaurant. We truly felt like we were at home and we were sitting around dinner table amongst family!!  I highly recommend them and would give more than 5 stars if possible!!
5 Food is great and the owner is really nice and very attentive. Will definitely come back..
5 M Sushi has changed ownership and now have soon dubu and bibimbap! I was informed by the new owner that the name will be changing in the upcoming months.
5 Owner is in the process of converting the restaurant from a sushi place to a Korean restaurant.  Green Valley has been sorely missing a good Korean spot...this place definitely fills the void!    Food is great...and meals start with a free Korean meatball/Korean pancake appetizer.  Lunch specials are cheap, filling, and delicious.  Soondubu and dol sot bi bim bap are good.    The service puts this place over the top.  The owner is awesome -- he's attentive and extremely friendly!  When you eat here, you feel like he's your Korean grandfather!  He conversed with my kids...they loved him,    Definitely a spot to check out, and will definitely return -- it's a fun, delicious Korean meal just a couple minutes from my house.  Sure beats driving from Henderson to Spring Mountain!
5 The place for delicious Korean food. Wait time for food may seem long since the owner's wife cooks all orders but totally worth the wait. The owner is entertaining and generous--impeccable customer service.
5 So Good!  I was reading the take out menu outside and the owner came out to invite me in for lunch. It was like he invited me into his home. His wife was in the kitchen making all the food and he was the entertainer. Food was authentic Korean and he also brought me more Kim chee when he saw I finished what I had. Please come support these wonderful people  you'll be glad you did.
5 Three things I want to talk about, the food, customer service & the owner.   1) The food is amazing. It's straight fresh. The best part is that you get a free appetizer for breakfast. These Korean meatballs & pancakes were so delicious. TRY THEIR FISH KATSU! So bomb.   2) The customer service was perfectly fine. It may have taken a while for the food to come out, but that's because the owner's wife is the only cook at the moment. But overall, they served my friend & I so kindly. We were treated like royals.   3) The owner was such a gentleman. He told us about himself & his business. They make everything fresh & he's been running a restaurant in LA for a very long time. The reason why their food is fresh and tastes absolutely good is because the wife is an RN/Nutritionist. She tries to stay away from the junk ingredients as much as possible.   Come to this place & spread the word. They just opened recently. Love this & definitely going back again.
4 This hole in the wall place is a must. The food was great and had a sense of the traditional home cooked Korean meal. What puts this place above many many other Korean eateries is the hospitality provided by the owners. Her food was wonderful and his service was amazing!  I enjoyed that he made suggestions on the menu as well as bringing us samples on top of the usual Korean side dishes.  I would greatly recommend this place and can't wait for the launch of their lunch boxes! A must try if you are in the neighborhood.
5 The owner is such a sweet man. Ate here tonight for the first time. Its a hidden gem! Loved everything we ate & loved everything the owner brought us to try. Ill definately go back to eat!
5 Absolutely outstanding service!  Lee is great, and he explained the ins-and-outs of Korean cuisine to us.  His wife is the cook, and she made some great spicy pork.  This place is a treasure!  Check it out now.
5 Great food,  great service,  and great overall experience.  The owner is really friendly. I see myself going back.
