3 Went here today to register a firearm and it is taking a very long time to get done.  Been waiting for over a hour.  Try other sub stations around the city for faster service.  Staff is friendly and professional, however service slow.
4 Great place to get small stuff done. Really busy on Mondays and Fridays.
5 I doubt that I would ever give a police department any less than 4 stars.  Their job is tough enough protecting and serving.  I am giving this Las Vegas Metro PD 5 stars because I have never had a bad experience here.  First of all, I take a bite out of crime so my reason for visiting a police department is never a bad one for me. My visits here are usually a bad one for the Bad Guy, hah.    This station is self explanatory...walk inside, sign in at Window 2 and then wait.  Majority of the people that come here are registering their guns or  to file some sort of complaint.  I'm here usually to pick up a police report, file one, or drop off some evidence.  My wait has never been bad, but at the same time, I know the best days and times to come in.  Here's a tip...avoid this place on Monday's or a Tuesday after a 3-Day Weekend.    PS:  Not as big has the main location off MLK, but also not as busy.      YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (410/500)
3 I use this location to register my handguns. They are pretty fast here. The people working here are friendly. You don't usually have to wait too long. It is probably best to get here at 9am when they open. It can be busy later in the day.
1 Crime Stoppers? This is the slogan the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department prides themselves on. A little back story: My wife and I moved into a new apartment complex in the Summerlin District of Las Vegas not long ago. On a nightly basis we had a neighbor who would go on rants that would make Jack Torrance from the Shining look like a school boy. Screaming every profanity on the top of his lungs for hours on end: "F you! F you! F you! You MF whore!". Roughly after one month of living at the place we found out that the man owned a dog and the rants were in fact targeted at the animal (whom my wife had seen once in over a month of living next door). We recorded one of these rants on our iphone during which you can clearly hear that he is screaming, "F you, you whore! You MF bastard of a dog!". Like good Americans and as truly concerned dog-owners, we went to the NorthWest Las Vegas Metropolitan Police to report the incident. Upon arriving, there was a large African American woman standing idly next to one of the empty windows. She did not greet us, acknowledge us or even sit down throughout the entire conversation - I've met five year olds with better etiquette. After I initiated the conversation, we reported the incident and after scoffing that we would be so concerned over a dog, her words were exactly, "There is nothing we can do without proof and the recording does not count as proof. You need to have visual proof of abuse" (I had never heard of anything like this in my life - any lawyer would use a tape as evidence in a court of law). When I asked if she would just listen to the recording she refused saying, "It's like parenting. You cannot report someone because they put their children in the wrong clothes. Did you actually see him shoot the dog?" These were her exact words. (Its very concerning, to say the very least, that we now have Police Officers with the IQ of a hard boiled egg). Now let's just pretend that the dog was actually a two or three year old child - the tape, according to this Las Vegas Police Department, does not count as evidence nor would my strong suspision of child abuse lead to any action at all. In truth, because we did not actually see the man shoot the child - there is nothing that can or should be done. Crime Stoppers? Not so much. The reason why I am writing this review is that this total lack of action or concern for that matter, should be both worrisome and disturbing for every citizen out there. And unfortunately this negligence and disregard by those who's job it is to "Protect and Serve" seems to be a pattern which is now spreading across the country; people who are reporting potential abuse or criminal activity being ignored or incriminated themselves. You as an American are then left with little choice but to support the 2nd Ammendment and to arm and defend yourself because there is obviously no one else who's going to do it for you. I guess I will be coming back once this nut case bashes this dog's head in. P.S. I am an author of a book right now and this just made the final cut.   And one more thing: Lets pretend for a second that this dog was a pit bull and one day his powerful, bone-crushing jaws would finally lock on to this lunatic and kill him... The headline would of course read, "Pitbull Strikes Again" and the dog would be put down.
5 This was very interesting.  Seems like you can get some business taken care of if you go to one of these meetings.  You can talk to the officers after the meeting, and let them know if you think something is going on in your neighborhood. There really willing to help you....Again, if you go to these meetings.  There was some good ideas, but a lot of it was also common sense!
