4 I've been looking for an alternative to Danny's since my last visits were lack luster, my kids do a better job.  I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of service.  Actually did the hand wash unlike Danny's and overall wash was thorough. Hopefully not a fluke and will try them again!
1 Extremely disappointed with their service.  I paid for a detail that ended up being just a wax of the exterior.  The guy outside selling tells you what you want to hear, but then they don't deliver.  I would not recommend them.
2 Looks like this place is going down hill since the change in ownership.  The little store was out of stock on a lot of stuff, soda machine was broken and dirty towels on the counter. They rang me up for the wrong service and were just unfriendly, not rude but not nice either. I'll be driving the extra miles to find a true Danny's.
5 Loved my experience here!  Used a Groupon for a specialty car wash, which involved vacuuming and shampooing the carpets, washing the interior and exterior of the car and buff on the outside.  Other than a little bit of lack luster office knowledge and ability to communicate (didn't fully articulate questions causing unnecessary confusion), the work was superb.  My car looks and smells great!  They completed the work in less time than estimated and I couldn't be happier.  Bravo!  Will definitely return!
4 I am very skeptical about car wash places now a days because it seems that most companies just care about getting the car in and out as soon as possible. So I have hand washed and cleaned my cars for years! Companies really don't take the time or effort to actually get in the nooks and crannies of the car to get it cleaned. My mind was changed once I visited this car wash. I was greeted by a very friendly gentleman named Mark. He was able to give me information on which car wash would be best and answered all my additional questions about getting my seats shampooed. It was time for my car to have a nice little make over, for my son has made it quit a mess with fishies, chocolate and muddy shoe prints. With discussing options with Mark I felt very comfortable on the car wash choice and the price. I was able to get one of the nicer (more options) car washes and he shampooed the whole inside of my car for only $35, to me that was a great deal for what I needed done. He was also very courteous when I asked him to please park my car in the sun with the windows cracked so the seats could dry and I would drop by after work to pick it up. When I came back to pick my car up, it was parked in the sun, locked and the windows were cracked. I was able to pick up my car looking and smelling brand new. The company did everything I asked for. To my surprise when I got in my car, everything was cleaned and looked great! No streaks, no spots, vacuumed perfectly.... I couldn't have done a better job myself! Thanks a lot to Mark and his team for changing my mind on car washes!
5 Used my Groupon for a full detail and they did a great job!  They also did a great job two weeks later when there was a big spill in my van.  Will only be coming here from now on.
4 Good service good price. Just like all car washes they under estimate the time it takes by 30 minutes.
5 I got a full car wash with mats, floors, and seats being shampooed. It took them over three hours to get my car cleaned (I have a messy dog who loves to get his hair everywhere). They did such a great job with it. Almost all the hair was gone, I wasnt expecting it to be that clean. Dog hair is almost impossible to get off of seats. I was impressed and thankful for all the work they put in to my car.
2 I've been here a few times and have been happy with the exterior wash and basic interior wash. However, I recently went in to have my car detailed and was less than impressed. The seats and mats were shampooed, and everyone was very pleasant as always, but for the price and the service the rest of the interior was not clean. I had to go through everything myself with car wipes and re-clean it and the wipes were FILTHY. While working on the car, they also made a small tear in the back door handle, but (again while very pleasant) didn't do anything or compensate me in anyway. It was a very frustrating experience and unfortunately I do not think I will be back.  (See photos.)
1 There's a lot of issues here, but I'll break it down into the 2 major ones:  - They take forever.  Expect to sit around for atleast 45 minutes, I've been here a good 5+ times and each time is the same.  Doesn't matter if you're the only one there or it's completely full.  - Qualify sucks.  Kinda goes along with how long they take, I wish I could say it takes 45 minutes to wash your car because they are super detailed and make your car look awesome by the time you leave but no, that's not it....   The employees lack any motivation and just do the bare minimal.  If you look closely at your car afterwards, you'll notice lots of spots not cleaned, or water dripping from places.
2 The associates that check you in are cocky and careless. I pulled up and waited as I watched them texting on their phone trying to be discrete but they totally were not! When the man approached me and asked what service I needed and I said "Just the works" he made a smart remark back to me that was rude and if my husband were there with me he wouldn't have said it! Over all I have gone here several times for my car wash and everytime I am disappointed. I feel like I need to go through my interior all over again for all the spots that were not hit... Something as simple as my cup holders that just needed a little wipe down. I usually go on the weekday when it is less busy hoping to have more quality but I have to say it does not make a difference.
4 Francis and Sons usually does an amazing job on my car.  I usually get talked into an upgrade.  I just want to feel like I'm in a new car.  Yesterday was my day, I set aside plenty of time to have my car detailed.  They greeted me right away and set me up with my specific wash and sent me inside to pay.  The cashier was very nice and friendly.  They have plenty of TVs inside to help pass the time.  I decided to go to a couple stores while I waited.  Once I came back they were still working on my car.  The same nice lady always ends up working on my car. It appeared super clean.  This girl usually does an amazing job.  This time, I actually had dirt on my floor mats.  It was just a little pile and easy enough to clean up.  It just seemed like the guy that was talking outside my car could have helped and maybe they wouldn't have missed this. It seems like some people walk around and talk and distract and others work their butts off here.  This is the only time my car was not perfectly clean.  I will definitely come back.
1 Worst car wash I've ever gotten.  My dashboard was dusty, left spots and fingerprints on interior windows, spilled a drink in my car {they left the ice on the floor and my son's sweatshirt soaking wet}, side mirrors still dirty and didn't use the air dry sprayer which let water spray everywhere once I started driving.  What a waste of $20!!  Never going there again.
1 I rarely write reviews so for me to sign up and write a review means it was THAT BAD!  Where to start...I paid over $40.00 for an oil change and upgraded car wash-when it was all said and done, the interior of my car was not clean, the side door panels hadn't been wiped off at all and my car started leaking some fluid. The mechanic kept trying to get me to pay for extra services...he would say, "I just noticed one thing..." then when I didn't want to pay for that "thing", he proceeded to notice another "thing" and another "thing". Additionally, I noticed scratches on the outside of my car that I hadn't noticed before and my son witnessed one of the employees flashing gang signs. Needless to say, even when my car was leaking fluid after my visit, I wasn't about to take my car back...NOT EVER.
1 This is not the first time I have received unfriendly service, but I figured everyone deserves a second chance. I was apparently wrong. I expressed my dissatisfaction to the manager Dennis; however, I was told to go to a different location (completely out of my way) or return to this location and ask for the manager (he will hook me up). I say no thank you. If you cannot satisfy your customers the first or second visit, then there will not be a third.
5 Came in to get my jeep cleaned and the staff were great. They did an Awesome job on my muddy jeep. They honored my coupon on my phone since I forgot it at home. I will continue to come back here.
1 This is one of my worst car wash experiences ever. Worse than Danny's. 30 min just to get my car into the wash as I watched several vehicles that came after me go in. The staff was rude and slow. Awful!
1 The car wash services were ok still had water run down my bumper and from under my mirrors would be OK if I didn't have a black car.  STAY AWAY from M&M Autoglass tho, had a rock chip in my new challenger and the rep Eric at the store took my info got it scheduled for Monday before Christmas left and he called back to reschedule it for Tuesday.  Tuesday comes around and Eddie the scheduler calls to tell me his tinter calls out sick now I have a chip that split because I had to leave for Christmas vacation to Co. The reschedule was for the next Tuesday a week later get a call Mon from Eddie to confirm it and to confirm the tint. Tuesday morning a different scheduler calls to tell me it wasn't tinted Mon and will get tinted today  but won't be ready till Thursday.  I just told em today or never. I guess i should have just listened to that little voice that always makes me say no to them at the car wash.
1 Thought I would come here and get my oil changed with a free wash. Well. Won't do that again. Oil change costs less at the dealer. They said the wait for the oil change was 15 minutes but the wash would take a lot longer. The free wash is just a run through and no dry. So I upgrade. I come out after the oil change and there are only two cars ahead of me. The girl working on my car is too busy talking with every one else and not working much on my car. This is silly. My last visit here. $87 total bill. (Including air filter)
1 No stars-zero!The glass company M&M damaged my windshield.I inspected it prior to getting out of my car because the worker looked suspicious to me.When I stepped out of my vehicle,the Francis and Sons employee directed my attention to my back seat as he went through his sales pitch.As I was about to go into the waiting area,the sketchy M&M employee asked me if I had full coverage and directed me to the passenger side windshield where there was now obvious damage.It is very evident by the tiny hole in the middle if the fine size crater,that a sharp object was pushed or tapped in.I brought this to the attention of Sam the manager of Francis and Sons who immediately defended the glass company and stated how it's not any if his responsibility because they are a separate company.I called the police and while I waited, the manager of the M&M glass came to me and tried to say his employee could not have done it.He saud,"If you were smart enough,you would know that it takes 80 lbs if pressure to do damage to that glass".I called the police.The Gilbert officer went into the Francis and Sons manager's office and viewed the video tape.He told me that the cameras point AWAY from the front of the vehicle.In fact,they point toward the street!he said he could not make a report because there is no proof or witnesses....I could go after them in law suit but he couldn't do anything.Nice little gig they have going there.Im sure they get away with it all the time.They could have done more damage or stolen something, be ware!
1 This place sucks!!!! It took 45 min to get a ford ranger cleaned! And there was only 6 cars in the entire place! Staff were all joking around and goofing off instead of cleaning the 6 cars on the line! Vacuum job sucked and the interior window was just a smear of dirt! I will never come back here!
1 Just left after getting "The Works" car wash. There are water spots all over my windows. The "vacuum" job was not at all good-can't really tell they vacuumed at all.  Is this how they treat people with Groupons? I'd give negative stars if I could.  Really don't want to go back with the remaining two Groupons....
4 I found these guys on a coupon that they were advertising. They had a special for around $28 or so for a car wash and an oil change. I needed both, so decided to check them out. Staff is nice, and went to work right away. I didn't wait too long because I went near closing time. Oil change was done in 10-15 minutes at the max, and kept my car clean. No oil drips underneath the hood, and vehicle paint was protected while they were working on it. Put in the right oil without asking me. The car was was good as well. Very thorough wash. They took off my antenna, and did a great job vacuuming. The only small gripe was that the cashier didn't know how to input my coupon, so it took a few minutes. Beyond that, I'm definitely a fan, and will be going back without a problem!
