4 Nice little farmers market with lots of variety! It's especially great for a unique lunch spot complete with assorted food trucks and desserts galore.   Working downtown I sometimes am at a loss for where to eat. Casinos sometimes lose their appeal and lots of other restaurants are overpriced. This farmers market is just a few blocks from the Fremont Street Experience, probably a 7-8 minute walk from Golden Nugget and offers fresh produce and an affordable meal, depending on the food trucks that arrive.  From fresh fruit, veggies, freshly baked cookies, herbs and spices....the market has no lack of variety. Housed in an old bus depot, the maze-like hallway takes you through the sort of tight space. At full capacity it must get a little stuffy! There are a few tables outside to enjoy your purchases. The day we went Fukuburger, Rusty Pickle and Grouchy John's were all in attendance.  Nice idea for a sunny day. Enjoy it before it hits 100 degrees!
4 Finally made it to the farmar after weeks of oversleeping and general laziness.  SO GLAD that I did (my wallet is a little angry with me though).  First, I love that there were so many food trucks there as well as farmer/local merchant stands.... I got a SOY LATTE!! from Grouchy John's to start my morning, then wistfully looked at the Love Grub tacos and tots and Rusty Pickle's (VEGAN! confirmed) fried pickles... but I was strong and made my way into veggie heaven.....  My old CSA Quail Hollow was there reppin' with all kinds of veg - including sorrel, which I'd never tried. It's so lemony! Who knows what I'll do with it, but I have a giant bag now.  They also sell "juicing kits," pre-selected fruit/veg mixes for juicing -- I got a bag w/ carrots, kale, cukes, celery and apple. Genius!  Of course, I had to get a loaf of Bon Bread and some Colorado River Coffee Roasters coffee (from Artisanal Foods stand, who will be opening a cafe there soon!).    I even got a vegan oatmeal cookie! I ran out of cash before I could buy vegan tamales, blood oranges, Chef Marc's fresh pasta or fancy mushrooms... but those are on the list for next time!  This is definitely the best farmar in town.  I hope to have a Friday off at some point so I can really enjoy lunch there with the food trucks.  Another great addition to the downtown revival.  A few of the foodtrucks take credit cards, but almost all of the indoor vendors accept cash only, so come prepared!!
5 This farmers market downtown has lots of promise for Sin City.  Sure, it has nothing on Santa Monica or Seattle yet, but we all have to start somewhere.  Located in the old bus terminal right off Stewart and Casino Center, there is ample parking for patrons and a lot of room to grow for more vendors.  Today, there were about four food trucks outside as well as a couple of other vendors offering hot food.  I stopped by Grouchy John's first for a honey latte and then made my way inside.  Unlike some of the farmers markets around town that set up shop weekly at local parks, this market has more than one vendor offering fresh produce--thank goodness!  You can find also find a plethora of other items here:  herbs, spices, lentils, coffee, baked goodies (vegan and gluten-free, too!), raw honey, flowers, hummus, dried fruit, tamales, and more.  There are food demonstrations that go on during the day, but I didn't get to see any while I was there.   It's just too bad that they're only open on Fridays because more people should be able to experience this place.  I would encourage visitors to bring cash because not everyone accepts credit cards and if you want to be green, bring your own bags,  Highly recommended if you can go and check it out for yourself and support the locals--I love that downtown is really getting some good stuff.  I had a great time and will definitely be back when I can!
4 I visited this Farmers Market on Friday, 4/20. Lots of people there when I arrived early afternoon. It took me a while to find it, not knowing that it was next to the Mob Museum in the old RTC bus station.   Good to know, especially in the heat, that this will be held inside. I'm a Cali native, so I'm used to bountiful produce at farmer's markets. I've lived in Vegas for eight years and have yearned for more selection at what passes for farmer's markets here.  Now, with the revival of the Downtown area and more markets springing up around town, this is a welcome addition to the mix.  I bought some fresh raw spinach from one vendor, roasted red beet hummus, garlic hummus, and fresh baked pita chips from another.  There are other vendors selling baked goods, breads, fresh pasta, as well as in-house businesses selling tamales and salads.  There are also craft vendors selling jewelry, soaps, and clothing.   Bring your cash, your appetite, and bags to hold all your goodies!  When I left, I went outside where the food trucks congregate and bought my favorite mango smoothie from Grouchy John's.  I was told by a vendor that they might eventually expand this market to include Saturdays and Sundays.  They really should!
5 I had lived in New York for 45 years. I come from a family of foodies. We have always gone to farmers' markets before I even knew what that was, or it was even called that. It was just a farm stand. Upon arriving in Las Vegas, my wife, Cory, learned of the "Bet on the Farm" farmers' market that was being held at the time in the warehouse for Mario Battali's restaurants here in Las Vegas. The woman who contributed insight, guidance, and an amazing array of fresh produce to that, Kerry Clasby, with her partner Cheryl Macpherson have opened the Downtown 3rd Farmers' Market. Wow. Mind blowing. I have never had access to such a high quality variety of fresh produce, almost all immediately local (California is local too when you live in the desert), in my life. Bespoke foods, locally made, food trucks, flowers, fresh juices, an amazing environment, music, cooking demonstrations, and community. Awesome. It is now my favorite lunchtime meeting location! Too bad it is only once a week.
5 After eating my way through Minneapolis for 9 days, I was ready to get back into the swing of things diet-wise when I returned home.  With a list of recipe ingredients in hand I headed down to Downtown 3rd for the first time.  Opened my wallet and discovered I was cash-poor after I got there so I walked over to the Mob Bar to use their ATM as suggested by signage at the market.  On thing to keep in mind however, although the market starts at 9 AM, the Mob Bar doesn't open 'til 11!  Stocked up on cash - I started wandering. First off, I eat vegan much of the time.  I was happy to find at least two vegan vendors of pre-made foods at the market - tamales and cupcakes!  Picked up a two-pack of tamales, even though I felt the price was super steep at $10.00 per pack!  I know you guys are driving in from Arizona, but sheeesh!   The produce vendors had all the spring ingredients I have been looking for - ramps, fava beans, wild mushrooms - and they all looked gorgeous! Picked up some beautiful shiitakes which were priced at around 6.00 per pound - a price I happily paid.  I rarely have Fridays off work - but when I do this is where you'll find me when I do!  Loved everything about this little market.
4 What a great addition to the Las Vegas Valley.  Small but great! Picked up some scrumptious fresh hummus and fresh whole wheat pitas.  Got samples from several vendors.    Several options for on site eating with some booths and some food trucks.    Bring cash and don't be surprised if you spend it all.  Farmer's market fare adds up quick!
5 This is NOT the right address, people... hopefully they'll get on here and update it -- and if you're like me, telling me that it's the old bus station probably isn't very helpful either.  Best thing to know is that it's on Stewart west off LV Blvd and if you cross Casino Center Drive you've just missed it (oh, and it's right next door to the Mob Museum!) -- on Fridays from 10 to 2.    Other important thing to know is:  Come hungry and with cash because it's a terrific lineup of exceptional produce to enjoy all weekend and week long and food trucks as well as unique offerings for lunch if you just can't wait.     Highlights:  Kerry Clasby's produce (as well as cheese, salt, olive oils), Quail Hollow Farms produce, Bon Breads perfect selections and if you're gluten sensitive, check out new Gluten Free baker, as well as the tamale folks.  Chef demos were incredibly impressive on my visit yesterday and if you're an insider, then you'll recognize lots of the faces of Vegas' foodie establishment -- old and new.    The layout is easy.  Lots of tables outside, with plenty of shade, plenty of parking.  Room to wander and lots of new faces with arts, crafts, flowers and things that fill your soul.    If you've got a product, a recipe, an idea, that's Farmers Market worthy and you're interested in setting up shop, or at least running your idea past someone who's knowledgeable, take it to the market, and ask for Kerry Clasby - she's looking for the next Farmers Market star (sounds like a reality show, I know...) and is incredibly helpful, creative and chock full of good advice.  Even if she nixes your idea, you'll get plenty of good input.  You want her on your team.  She knows everyone.  And if she says something's delicious, you best believe, I'm interested.    Bottom line:  if you can't make it to the Springs Preserve on Thursdays, head downtown on Fridays because these are the best markets in town, hands down.
5 Yall should come and visit this great indoor and outdoor market. You will not be disappointed. Organic foods, art, pastries, cookies, wood work, breads, plants, body products, natural soap, shea butter, incense, and more! You will love it!
3 An indoor farmers market!  Great idea!  I met Tiffanie R. here for some walking around and nibbling yesterday, a fine Friday morning.  She was slurping on some tart (her preference) juice blend.  We meandered in the old bus terminal, looking at exotics like finger limes and lemon cucumbers.  We stopped at a spice/tea booth, a scone/cake booth, sampled beet hummus and hydroponic basil pesto, and had a nice time exploring.  I ended up buying the largest squash blossoms on earth from Gilcrease Orchard, which I stuffed with goat cheese/lemon rind/onions/scallions/lemon juice concoction before frying up in a cornmeal batter today (they only last up to 2 days so I had to eat them quickly!).  They were only $5 for 12 HUGE blossoms - what a deal!  We also stopped by artisanal foods' little outlet here (they have some odd flavored snow cones) and I ordered a $2 cup of cucumber mint green tea unsweetened.  At Arizona Tamale Company I tried a sweet corn tamale with salsa verde for $5 (pricey for one but tasty nonetheless).  Tiffanie and I found a Taiwanese bakery booth where we both got green onion pancake ($3) which turned out to be cold and rubbery rather than warm and flaky.  She also got a very tart lemonade for $2.    The pickings are a tad slim but they were definitely interesting and sometimes unusual.  We enjoyed hanging out here.  Plenty of seating inside to eat, and a few food trucks parked outside near picnic tables.  I also like the farmers market at Henderson Pavilion on Fridays but that one is outside ayiyi!  Free parking next to the bus terminal on Stewart & Casino Center, or just park at a garage and validate inside (I parked at the California).  Don't forget your reusable bags!
5 The old bus depot on the corner of North Casino Center Boulevard and East Stewart Avenue turns into the Downtown 3rd Farmers Market every Friday. This is unlike your traditional farmers market of produce farmers and ranchers. You still get the initial sense of a farmers market atmosphere when you enter the front door. Beautiful fruits and vegetables dazzle the senses with vibrant colors and wonderful sweet and savory scents. I was surprised how many fruits and vegetables are able to grow in the Las Vegas heat from beautiful leafy greens like arugula to sexy red strawberries. But as you walk pass the produce, the market turns into an artisan's delight.   Let's take a look at some of the vendors:     Valley Best - Exceptional Dried Fruit: The fruits are dried but they keep a vibrant color. The fruits also do not have extra sugar added. Take a bite and let the fruit stay in your mouth. The flavor exudes and it's like you're eating a fresh piece of fruit. Our favorites were the Natural Tart Dried Apple, Dried Saskatoon Berries, and Dried Lemon Slices. A wonderful tip on the lemon slices - put a slice in with your diet cola and the lemon flavor lasts all day. We filled a glass 5 times during the day and the lemon flavor was just as refreshing and lemony. Can't wait to go back for more dried fruits!  Arizona Tamale Factory: Green Chile Beef, Mole Chicken, BBQ Pulled Pork, New Mexico Green Chile & Cheese, Marinated Artichoke & Black Olive. The tamales are made without lard so if you're not a fan of pork fat and would like to partake in her vegetarian options, you're good to go. Dessert tamales like Peanut Butter Cup that tastes like a brownie with melted chocolate and peanut butter in the middle. Delicioso! Rooster Hot Sauces ranging from mild to very hot.  The Juicery: They utilize fruits and vegetables from the farmers' market as well as their own supply of fresh fruits and vegetables from their local growers. Along with their juice menu, they now offer fresh smoothies as well. The Berry Deluxe was a wonderfully fresh delight - not overly sweet like the chain smoothie shops.   GG's Gourmet specializes in vegan cuisine from organic gourmet cupcakes and granola to teas and savory items. Vegan cupcakes are masterpieces, looking exactly like a gourmet cupcake you would get at a bakery. These baked confections have no dairy - no milk, butter, nor cream, but taste so creamy and dreamy, you can't stop eating them. The cake itself was fluffy, not too dense, and moist. The frosting was like the best butter cream you have ever tasted. The Chocolate Cupcake with Peanut Butter Frosting was my favorite! They also has a line of savory items like sandwiches and salads. The quinoa salad was refreshing and great on a hot day. Everything is fabulous!   Everybody Must Get Scones (part of Chef on the Run) serves freshly baked scones, cookies, brownies, tea breads and specialty cakes. A sampling of cold, summer salads like Orzo Salad, Couscous Salad, and my favorite, Edamame Bean Salad.  Usually cold bean salads are loaded with vinegar, but not Donna's, it's fresh, vibrant, and accentuates the flavors of the edamame, garbanzo, and kidney beans. I'm not a big scone fan, but their recipe has me hooked on them now. Before, I have found that scones are always dry and pasty, but their recipe is just the opposite. The scone had the consistency of a buttermilk drop biscuit, fluffy and tender. The scones are sweetened like a biscuit with butter and honey. The mixed fruit scones were fabulous chalked full of dried cranberries, blueberries, and raisins. These were great with a café au lait the next morning.
1 One word describes this event; Pathetic. First problem is this bus station has no AC and the fan that they set up cools about an inch of the joint. Secondly, the place is cramped as hell and there is really only room for one-way traffic, but of course it goes both directions. The people selling stuff aren't friendly at all (some were texting, others were eating chips) and the samples that were laid out were wilting in the heat and I wouldn't recommend anybody risk their health with those gnarly samples. The produce was a joke, but that is what i expected in Las Vegas, not really a farming headquarters. $5 a scone, $6 for a loaf a bread you can fiind at Trader Joes, some juice place reusing the same blender for everyone's drinks. The only thing I tried was the Arizona tamale place which was way in the corner devoid of people and this was another ripff. I don't care if your tamale is organic, it shouldn't be 5 bucks, unless your hawking them at the Bellagio, not in the homeless shlter downtown. Organic tamales are nasty anyway, made by an old white couple. The only tamales I need to be purchasing are from the Mexican folks. The chicken and green chile was tasteless and just a few weeks ago, I had an incredible $2 green chile/cheese tamale in Santa Fe. The fun part is peeling the husk off, but these people do it for you - bad karma. It's a hot, sweaty mess overpriced inside that bus terminal and whoever reviews it otherwise must be nuts. Oh and all kinds of garbage, bums and discarded clothing really liven up the outside of the terminal. Loserville.
2 I'm going to have to take a pass on this place.  I appreciate trying to make use of the old bus terminal, but it's not worth driving more than 30 miles round trip to do.  I prefer the Fresh 52 at Tivoli and actually the day after I went to this one, I saw some of the same vendors there. .    Besides the huge fans blowing you around, they cram the aisles with two sides of tables so it's a little challenging to get through as it bottles up.  They would have been better off lining them up outside under the awnings in a straight line giving more room to move around.
4 I'm a big fan of anything that brings life to Downtown Vegas, and this place/event is doing just that.    It's both indoors and outdoors, so there's lot of real estate for vendors to set up shop and for customers to peruse.  I most appreciate it because it gives me, as someone who works downtown, another option for lunch.  And a healthy option where money goes back into the community at that!
4 I make no plans on Friday mornings other than to come here. Let me break it down.  - indoors! Big fans help circulate the hot air in these brutal Summer months. At no point did I become grumpy from the sun melting me. Because of this perk, I spent more time here and more time=more money spent to support these amazing vendors.  - fresh, natural foods! Fruits like Pink Lady apples and Pluots/plumcots are just some of my favorites that I have found here.  - I have bought something, or have sampled, from every vendor. Nothing has disappointed me. My kids are sad that they are back in school-they loved the fresh fruits, baked good, tomato pies, samples of homemade jerky, smoothies, lemonade. They even got freshly made dog treats for our fur babies. Spices, tea, honey, cupcakes, cake pops, farm fresh eggs, vegetables, breads from Bon Bakery, homemade hummus and pita chips, fruits.. of course you pay for the difference but if you're health conscious, these items are totally worth it.  - parking is free! The actual location is in an old bus depot, and if you're lucky, you can park in the depot's parking lot. I've always been able to score parking in this lot and I've gone at different times of day. If you're not so lucky, the big lot adjacent to the depot is free as well.  - bring cash! Most vendors only accept cash, but some vendors are tech savvy and have these cool apps on their smart phones and ipads to charge your debit/credit.  - they have a human ATM! Not sure if this feature is available every week, but last time I was there, the friendly vendors pointed out to me the female that was acting as a human ATM. I love technology!  - I was a winner! I put my name in a drawing to win something from the Mob Museum and I was contacted by email that my name was chosen! I got a sweet Mob Museum baby T and baseball hat. More downtown promotion, and smartly done!  - ANYTHING to support this very vital area of Downtown is welcomed. There is always good foot traffic in the market, I'm hoping that the hundreds of people who work close in Downtown catch on to this little gem. It'd be a great place to spend their lunch break on Fridays.
5 SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL FARMERS!!!!  Although this is not the BEST Farmer's Market I have ever been to, it is definitely the best that Vegas has to offer!   I come here every Friday on my lunch break to have lunch and pick up whatever catches my eye. Usually, I buy a ton of fruit (strawberries, raspberries, blood oranges, apples, passion fruit, mango, pineapple - whatever is in season) and some artichoke, corn, sweet potatoes, etc. All of the fruits and veggies are fresh and tasty and most are organically grown, which is wonderful. Although some things are a bit expensive, I completely understand why. These farmers are competing with huge corporations and grocery store chains that have the ability to mass produce veggies/fruits for cheap! But, I promise you, this stuff tastes better, contains less toxins/chemicals, and its better for you!   The HUMMUS GUY has like, 10-20 different flavors of hummus/dips and they are all delicious. 2 for $10 isn't bad and again, it is fresh and yummy!   There are other vendors who sell baked goods like cookies and scones, honey, bread, fancy varieties of olive oil, jerky, jam, juice, tea, coffee, etc. Everyone is EXTREMELY friendly and there are so many free samples!  Also, there are a few places to get lunch. Usually, there is a food truck present. I've had Fuku Burker and Rusty Pickle and Great Bao.   Today, there was an "Artisan Bread" vendor there offering fresh tuna salad sandwiches with all kinds of fresh veggies on top. I ordered this for lunch and IT WAS AMAZING!!!! $7 is not a bad price for fresh food made with fresh, organic ingredients.   I also ordered fries from another vendor who had gluten free, healthy, french fries with AMAZING dipping sauces like chipotle mayo and curry ketchup. YUM.   Another favorite of mine is the FRESH FLOWER LADY. Today, I gave her $30 and asked her to put something together for me. When I came back after I ate, she had a huge bouquet of roses, star lillies, daisies, carnations, these long purple things... and other varieties of coral/purple/pink flowers. Awesome!  I really can't say enough good things about this Farmers Market.. and I really wish more people would come in and check it out!!!!
4 Maybe not the best farmer's market in Vegas. I'm still kinda convinced the one that used to be held in the warehouse behind Industrial was the best. Unfortunately that is no longer... and I think the one at Spring's Preserves offers more space than Downtown 3rd.   But - I am indeed a fan of this farmer's market. I especially love that it is Downtown, a place I love to frequent, and which I am glad is getting more traffic and more business.   Like I said, there's not a whole lot of space, but what space they have is well used. Here at the market you can find varying fruits and veggies. Veggies you've never had, peppers that are nice and spicy from Alamo, Nevada. Oh - so good! Supporting local farmers!   There are also some shops set up selling natural, organic-type foods and often you will find a food truck or two here outside making tasties!  Oh man, please check out the guy selling hummus for all that is heavenly! Hummus of amazingness I am telling you.  Overall - check it out. Get some veggies. Support local farmers. Support local food trucks! Just support this market please, I don't want it to go away.
4 Love a good Farmer's Market and DT 3rd is definitely not a disappointment!  A bunch of coworkers and friends decided to spend our lunch break visiting this Farmer's Market this past Friday.    The place is cool.  Located indoors of the bus station, you are treated to lots of organic treats and farm fresh goods.  The place flows through the a dome hallway with a middle food station and lots of windows mean ample lighting.  There's fruits, veggies and lots of other homemade treats like beef jerky, salsas and jams.  Some of my favorite stations included the salsa station.  About 20 different salsas and dips.  Homemade tortilla chips and every flavor of salsa, tabouli, guacamole, etc.  We picked up a bag of the tortilla chips and the chipotle salsa (super spicy), for $9.  Another place we visited was the cappuccino and salad station in the middle.  A friend go the Caprese salad for $7.  Probably not the best option.  It was a super small salad and to me, not worth the sticker price.  There was also a juicing and smoothie station with some entertaining guys for $6.  Lots of smoothie options there.    I love that this Farmer's market is every Friday.  It's a great way to end your week and offers a lot of great stuff.  We need more of this in Vegas and I appreciate it soo much!  Go check it out people.  It's awesome!
3 Being a regular at the Tivoli Village on Saturdays, thought I would check out the Downtown Market held on Fridays. It also would allow me to eat at EAT a few blocks away. One major difference from many other farmers markets is the downtown market is indoors.  Going during the winter does not provide for a large variety of fruits and vegetables. On this day the choices were few but many of the same items available at the other markets this time of year. However I did find Shishito Peppers which I have never seen at other farmers markets or grocery stores even Whole Foods. So score one up for a trip worth while. Going downtown is not as convenient for me as Tivioli Village. However, I am glad to see there is a farmers market for those in the downtown area. Keep it coming. I am sure the choices of items will increase as the growing seasons change.
4 This is a great Farmer's Market. I love that it's indoors, especially because I don't want the Vegas sun beaming down at me in the middle of summer.   The have the absolute best strawberries I have ever tasted! In fact most everything I sampled was pretty amazing. Also try the hummus, guacamole, and spinach lemonade. Fab-U-Lous!   The down side... 9 to 5ers won't ever make it because it's only open Fridays until 2pm.   Check it out!
4 I give it four stars total. The people are extra shy, kind & professional. When it comes to money they can't break large bills so don't take them 100 or 50 dollar bills. It's over all cool because you can get great deals. On items that are home grown such as veggies and eggs. I got tea to help me sleep and also for pain from my fibromyalgia. It's inside the local bus station some people are inside and others are outside. They have live music and even BBQ being sold. This was my first time at D3FM and I will return soon because the tea is really helping me sleep and helping me with my pain.
3 The best thing about this market is that it's indoors, in the summer it helps for people and the produce. They definitely have the best selection of fruits and veggies. However the prices were way higher for some of it. You can go hungry as everyone giving samples, but not necessarily healthy things. The dried fruit was missing a lot of it that the other markets have, like strawberries. Breads and cookies, and lots of honey places. One plant place with cute ideas, got a my little pony planter which was a HUGE hit! But where is the granola and the other healthy stuff farmers markets have, no crafts really either. Good market and I'll probably go back once in awhile but I really like the others better, especially for kids. No healthy eating options really either besides a pre-made salad
2 I'm not a chef, and I don't play one on TV, but, if you don't know that...why not try to sell to me anyway?!!  First off, parking is horrible. Secondly, it has this unseemly smell inside the station. Thirdly, a lot of the vendors are too busy trying to ply their goods to the known chefs and other vendors to worry much about new sales.  I was interested in the artisanal cheeses and mushrooms. I was excited and looking to try a few I've never had before. And I was willing to pay good money ( especially knowing they wouldn't be cheap, as they were unmarked, and knowing these things are pricey ). But the lady who ran this stall was lacking in information, detached emotionally from the product, and instead of continuing a conversation I started, just blew me off for one of the other vendors who sells to the chefs.   Unlike the younger people who come from Pahrump ( of whose produce I buy and enjoy ), she was unenthusiastic and inarticulate. Which leads me to the guy roasting coffee beans and selling bags of ground coffee. Just not engaging or willing to educate a possible buyer. And he had the best smelling product, too!  Expect to pay roughly 30 percent more by my estimation, than at, say, the Tivoli Village or Springs Preserve markets. Location costs, I guess. But there is a nice mix of very nice produce, some breads, some food trucks, and more than a few crafts.  Okay if you have the time and money, just don't expect great prices or a lot of attention.
5 This Market is AWESOME!!! I was there to buy Spices and Veggies and wound up buying great coffee that was freshly ground. I also came across a Vegan/Gluten Free Pastry stand I was happy to finally have an option to buy goodies that were V & GF yet tasted great. The stand is called Be Naturelle and it's just that!!!
