5 Went to have hangover treatment done today.  Great staff!  The Dr is super nice and easy to talk to. Most importantly my hangover was gone in an hour.
5 I work 7 days a weeks... and to top it all off, I work at 7am every morning.  In order for me to go out and have a good time, I always have a certain cut off time in order for me to function correctly at work the next morning. I've heard from a few friends about a "super B" shot and antioxidants that hangover heaven provides that could prevent me from feeling crappy the next morning.  I went ahead and gave it a try on labor day weekend, seeing as how I wanted to go out and get wasted without feeling it at work the next day.  After my shift at work, I got the super B shot, and was given some antioxidant pills. literally 1 hour after my shot, i felt FANTASTIC!!!!!!! Mind you I had a headache from work, and felt out of funk. I had so much energy!! It gave me the energy to party all night, and believe it or not.... with all the drinks ive had (patron shots.... margaritas, vodka)... I woke up and felt amazing!  If that Super B shot did it for me... i could only imagine the actually hangover  treatment itself!!! I asked the doctor if he recommended I take this shot before my marathon im running this December because of all the energy it gave me.... and he suggested that I could! I loved it so much,I went back the following week to get another shot for the week (that was on saturday)... and i feel amazing!!!!  I'll be a regular at hangover heaven.  Im excited to one day try the full treatment when it really comes down to it....   ... oh and not to mention, the staff is amazing! so friendly, inviting.... Dr. Burke is such a down to earth doctor, not your typical average boring doc. love this place!
5 hangover heaven saved my vegas trip. seriously.   the hubs was down & out after a long 1st day AND night in LV and needed some immediate medical attn. the staff here was nothing less than perfect. from the guy in the van that picked us up (who kindly handed the hubs a vomit catcher when he started acting up again), to the lady at the clinic who had the consent forms ready for the hubs' signature upon our arrival, to the nurse who administered his IV and continuously checked on him every 20 mins, to another lady who drove us back to our hotel. the facility was clean, comfortable, and there was even a lounge for me to rest myself (thank goodness). we left with the hubs feeling 200% times better than when he first arrived. this place was a Godsend. i hope i never have to use them again. but if need be, i have their # locked in my contacts... just in case.
5 Got to say I came in as a bit of a sceptic. An easy cure for something fundamental like a hangover seems unrealistic. However the process does make you feel feel better...here's how I would quantify it. Say you went out in Vegas, drank, got 4 hours of sleep. After the hangover heaven treatment it feels like a nearly a full nights sleep. Nausea will go away, you'll still feel tired but you'll feel rested & hydrated.
5 Hangover Heaven is truly brilliant, I wish they had one in every city. Highly recommend this if you've had a rough night and want to come back to life. Friendly and eduacated staff, love that they pick you up, and in reality the money is little in comparison to what you probably spent on drinks the night before.
5 Loved this place. It was the ABSOLUTE LIFE SAVER. Do not go to Las Vegas without visiting.. It is a MUST.  I walked in the door completely miserable from the night before (people, I am talking about a hang-over that put me at death's door), and I walked out feeling like a million dollars.   And the doctors/ nurses there made everything comfortable and fun.  Go with a group. Because we all sat in chairs together while watching The Hang-Over. SO MUCH FUN.
5 This saved my life.  The best place ever.
5 Awesome! I never felt better after going and getting a treatment. I was so tired and hungover but I felt like a million bucks the rest of the day and night. Highly recommend to everyone. You don't have to have a hangover, just great also for a vitamin boost. Already been back again for a B12 shot! :)
5 Awesome-Awesome!
5 This place is truly heaven! I currently use the "Vita Heaven" section of Hangover Heaven for my super B-12 shots and have been going there for about 15 weeks now. The receptionist is fun & friendly and the staff of nurses are caring & kind. The shots are done in the privacy of a closed door room and they put complimentary lidocaine in with the shot so that is doesn't hurt. All of their items are new & sterile and they are fast & efficient in all that they do.  A couple of tips: make sure you sign up for their "Belly Rewards" card. You'll be issued a card and everytime you come in, swipe the barcode at their iPad they have set-up. You earn 5 points a visit. I've already earned enough for 4 free B-12 shots :) Also, make sure you check out Groupon for B-12 package deals. I bought a package of 10 for only $60. Super deal!!
5 This place is AMAZING!!! Best thing in Vegas by far! I am notorious for my epic hangovers that leave me incapacitated and dry heaving until 5 pm the next day... so naturally when I went to Vegas this past weekend (8/16-8/18) for my bachelorette party, I'm anticipating losing a whole day due to a hangover. Sure enough, after a night of table service at Marquee, I wake up at 8am with a splitting headache and puking up Secret Pizza (tastes great going down... not so much coming back up) from the night before.  I had heard about Hangover Heaven and read a few articles so was game to try anything that might get me back to my weekend and alleviate the hangover hell I was currently in. My friend called them up and they sent a car right over to Cosmo within 10 minutes to pick us up. The clinic was nice and clean... and as soon as the staff saw the shape I was in, they quickly had me signing a consent for treatment and into a recliner chair. After a quick medical hx and vital signs, Dr. Burke came over and explained what was going to happen. After the shot of lidocaine, I didn't even feel him place the IV and soon I had a bag of saline hooked up along with a push of pain meds and anti-emetics. Within 20 minutes... my symptoms had started to subside and Dr. Burke and his staff continued  to check up on me. When I reported still feeling some nausea about 30 minutes in, they gave me another round of anti-emetics and it did the job. All in all, I received 1 1/2 bags of saline, a banana bag (rehydration/vitamin mix that is yellow), a push of pain meds, two pushes of anti-emetics, and anti-oxidant over the course of one hour. He also threw in a b-complex shot because of the construction that was going on during my treatment.   I staggered in to Dr. Burke's clinic vomiting and barely functional, unable to even fully verbalize the English language... by the end of the treatment, I was laughing and talking with my friend and thinking about what to eat for breakfast. Dr. Burke is friendly and extremely capable, as is his staff. They communicated everything they were doing, as they were doing it, and explained what each medication was for before administering it. I felt very comfortable in his care and wouldn't think twice about coming here again if need be. Thanks to him, I could actually enjoy the remainder of my weekend. His services are worth every penny! Thank you for such excellent care!!!
5 Awesome!!! Excellent staff and fixed my hangover and ready to go again
5 My whole family suffered from a bad stomach virus last weekend and I thought I got lucky and missed it! Well today I started vomiting and had a huge headache. After seeing Hangover Heaven bus around the area I decided to give it a try. Dr  bUrke came directly to my home within 45 min and hooked me up to an IV with anti nausea med. After 1 hour I felt 100% better and was worth every penny. Would def use again and is a great service for both tourists and residents who need to rehydrate and get rid of any nausea and hangover. Wish we thought of it when the family was sick last week
5 This place is THE BEST THING EVER! My friend and I woke up Sunday morning barely able to move and needing to pack and catach an afternoon flight.  The lady on the phone was wonderful and sent a car over right away.  We walked into Hangover Heaven barely able to move and walked out laughing and ready to go!!
5 Thank you Dr. Burke for helping my husband! You are amazing!
3 I really like this place, as in 5 stars like, but new management took over and they did away with Las Vegas service industry discount. That is lame...if it wasn't for us you guys wouldn't even have the majority of your customers. It shows appreciation to the hard working folks in this city to have some sort of discount. Just the potential business loss due to lack of discount from surrounding gentlemen's clubs makes it worthwhile to give the discount to service industry. Show a little appreciation again, please, for the people that help you all even have business in the first place. Entertainers, bartenders, dealers, hosts...all deserve some sort of benefit especially because many of us refer folks to you.
