2 Although scheduling an appointment for an ultrasound was very easy and the follow-up from this staff was wonderful, the review is more on my actual appointment and service I received during my ultrasound. The ultrasound tech was not like any other ultrasound tech I have encountered before. I needed a pelvic ultrasound and he wound up asking me after he had done the traditional ultrasound if I needed or if my doctor wanted me to have a different type of ultrasound.   I had to use the bathroom after the first ultrasound before the second ultrasound be performed. There was no bathroom in Suite 103 where I was having my ultrasound. So I was instructed to go to the other Simon med suite in 102 to use the bathroom. When I returned the ultrasound tech had prepped the table for me in advance and gave me clear instructions as to what he needed me to do and then notified me that he would be obtaining a chaperone.  He seemed very, very uncomfortable having to do the internal ultrasound and made me handle the wand and business end first at that with no offer to sanitize or anything to clean all the gel off my hand and honestly the situation caught me off guard. Luckily I had clean and sanitized hands!   Finally, something else I found odd was that once he was finished he instructed me to of course get dressed but then I had to throw things away off the table. I just felt that this is a medical professional and my past ultrasound (I've had a lot) were more professional. Anyone else ever have an experience like this?
5 I made an appointment for a mammogram. I arrived 10 minutes before my appointment to fill out paperwork. When I walked in there were at least 15 people in the waiting area....not a good sign.  My name was promptly called at 8:30. I was brought back to the changing room and then to the exam room. By 8:50 I was back in my car headed home. I will always go here for my mammograms.
4 My Doctor ordered me a fairly emergent MRI and Simon Med Imaging called me the same day to schedule a reservation. They requested pre-auth from my insurance company and booked my reservation to allow adequate time to receive the pre-auth.    The staff, including the office manager were very cordial, smiled and were genuine even though it was obvious they were busy. They stopped, focused on me as a patient and then went about their duties. Tana my technician was super with a great welcoming personality who would make any nervous patient (which I am not) at ease.    Thank you Simon Med Imaging! When I fix my knee I am coming to you for my MRI.    Oh and a tip is that x-rays are on a walk-in basis.  They also have late hours accomodating working professionals.   Only gave four stars because the bathroom and the waiting room were a bit in need of cleaning and attention.
