5 Dana Realty Group rocks! You can tell from your first encounter with them that they are very knowledgable people and know exactly what is going on in the Real Estate field.  Brent and Wendi make an awesome team and are by far the most honest and friendly real estate agents I have ever dealt with. They definitely go out of their way to help you in the process. For me buying my first house was a scary thing and they walked me through it step by step. I highly recommend them! Thanks Dana Realty Group!
5 DANA REALTY IS INCREDIBLE!!! We switched from one property management company to Dana Realty half way through our lease and it is the best thing that could've ever happened to us!  They are ALWAYS so quick to respond (within minutes!) even on evenings or weekends and go above and beyond the call of duty to make sure we are always taken care of with the most skilled handy-man and top-of-the line equipment!  They really pride themselves on caring for their tenants and it shows in EVERYTHING they do!  From immediate email replies to personal calls from Wendi herself to make sure everything was handled to our satisfaction - We are so incredibly fortunate to have them taking care of our needs!  I recommend Dana Realty to ANYONE renting or buying a home - It would be the best decision you've ever made for your property and your family!
5 My husband and I are considering a move later this year, so we made an appointment with Wendi to view some houses and get a feel for the area.   Wendi was fantastic!  We felt really lucky to find someone so personable who also had an in-depth knowledge of the area's history and neighborhoods.  She clearly has a well-established network of experts at her disposal, and I'm positive that if we do move to Las Vegas, we will use her services, and that we will have the best chance for a successful transition due to her expertise. I'd recommend her without hesitation.
5 Wendi manages a couple of my properties in Las Vegas. She is knowledgeable, professional and above all very honest. Both my houses were rented within a week they were listed on the market. In addition, she has a network of people from handymen, home inspectors, painters etc. who can get any repair related work at a very reasonable price. I would highly recommend her property management services to all looking for a great, no hassle property manager.
5 Wendi was awesome! She's personable and professional.   We own a couple investment/rental properties in Vegas but live in California -- You can imagine how much of a headache it would be to commute back and forth to take care of a few quick fixes. Better to leave that to a property management company.   She'll help market your property and find ideal tenants to produce a return on your investment.  Overall a great experience so far!  PS: Tech savvy and prompt!
5 We have been working with Wendi and Dana Realty Group for the past several years. They manage rental houses for us in the Vegas area and do an absolutely outstanding job filling vacancies, managing tenants and dealing with the upkeep of the properties. They respond to issues immediately and conscientiously and pleasantly, and are very knowledgeable about the Las Vegas realty market.  I highly recommend this group!
5 Dana's service has been outstanding.  I had to fire my previous property management company and came across Dana Realty Group on yelp.  Needless to say Dana and her team deserves all the 5 stars.  She was able to receive my property get it cleaned up and rented in a short time.  Although we had to drop the price on the rental property, it was worth it to get it rented ASAP. But we worked together on finding an agreeable strategy.  She's very responsive too!  Thank you Dana.
5 Wendi was one of the most professional and friendly real estate agents I have ever dealt with, and I have gone through a lot of different agents. What really set her apart from the others was her knowledge and over all ease of communication. I would recommend Dana realty group for everyone in the Vegas area trying to sell or rent out  their home.
5 Dana Realty Group absolutely deserves the 5 star ratings here on Yelp. Wendi (the owner) is one of the nicest and most real person I have ever had the pleasure of doing business with. Even when I had to delay renting my home out for several months while working through divorce proceedings, I never felt pressured by Wendi and in fact she was absolutely supportive of making things work out on my timeline. Her flat fee is a bargain and her attention to detail when it comes to making certain my home is kept in good condition with reliable tenants is awesome. Wendi is also super responsive by phone or text messages, at most within 24 hours and usually within a few minutes of trying to contact her I will get a response back. I am a very satisfied customer of Wendi's and I would recommend her to anyone requiring property management services.
