5 Great service.  Came out the same day and fixed my windshield.  Would recommend them to anybody.
5 When it comes to glass replacement companies, I've dealt with a few over the years. They're typically late and not professional. Like other services, I've come to think that's just he way they all are. Not so with Glass Now. Alex treats every customer as a business relationship. Smart, if you want referrals. Glass Now made sure the job was done right the first time.
5 Having been "attacked" by windshield replacement and repair companies at all car wash facilities, in parking lots, as well as in the building I work, I have been a little turned off by the nature of this business. However, Alex/Glass Now is a breath of fresh air. The company prides itself in your safety on the road, not pushing you into a sale. I would highly recommend them for all of your windshield repair and replacement needs!
5 I have used Glassed Now for my business fleet and personal vehicle. They were on time, professional and went the extra mile to clean all my windows after installation! My car looked like I had an off-roading experience after the haboob/rain the other night and I hadn't had time to get my car washed! They told me I had to wait 48 hours to let everything set and took car of my windows for me to make sure I can see in the meantime! Really appreciate the thoughtfulness and professionalism!
5 I have used Glass Now on 2 of my vehicles.  Glass Now does an excellent job of window tinting and repairing the dings on your windshield.  Great customer service!  Alex will take care of you!
5 Alex with Glass Now, LLC represents everything that one should want in an automotive glass repair shop:  he's honest, forthright, knowledgeable, integrable, and competitive. I am 100% satisfied with Glass Now's product and customer service. Glass Now deserves every one of those five stars.
5 Had Glass Now come out to my home to tint the windows on my Dodge Durango and the did a.great job. Fast, clean and worry free with a nationwide lifetime warranty!  The installer wouldn't even accept a tip!  Why would you call anyone else?
5 I have used Glass Now to repair my windshield.  Their service is impeccable and professionalism is amazing.  I recommend them to any and everyone I know!  Thanks Alex and your team for a great job!  Carla Bassham-Hall
5 I used Glass Now to replace my windshield and they did an amazing job!  Super fast service and the techs were on time and very professional.  I would highly recommend them - thanks Alex and team for a job well done!
5 I used Glass Now to replace the windshield on my wife's car and to do her window tint as well. They scheduled an appointment to do the job at my wife's work so she didn't have to take time off or make any adjustments to her schedule at all. They did an amazing job! Their service techs showed up on time and were very professional. Since then Glass Now also does all the glass replacement on the fleet vehicles for the company I work for and they always do amazing work. Use them for your vehicle glass and tinting, you'll be very happy you did!
5 I just wanted to take this opportunity to let you know about the first class service and constant professionalism provided by the representatives at Glass Now, LLC.  There is not enough positive feedback that I can provide regarding Glass Now, LLC.  Alex Nelson, Owner, is a consummate professional who genuinely care about exceeding each client's expectations.  I highly recommend working with the professionals at Glass Now, LLC, for all of your auto glass and window tinting needs.  Thank you.
4 I just replaced my windshield by Glass Now. The rep was very friendly and helpful to set up the appointment over the phone.  However, they failed to show up and I called them to make sure that they are still on the way. Unfortunately, they totally forgot my appointment and I wasted all my morning.   I am still giving them a 4 star since they REALLY apologized for a mistake. They called me on the next day to give their apology.   Over all, I will definitely come back to this company.
5 Fast, PERSONABLE, and reliable service. I just had some chips in my windshield. Zak got me right over to Alex, the owner, who helped walk me through everything with my insurance on the phone. They came out to my house, on time and were done in minutes! Great company!
5 My fiance met Zak through a networking meeting and decided to give Gass Now an opportunity to replace a windshield on our Mercedes. I was nervous at first not having much to go on but my fiance had previously worked at an autoglass company and assured me they were putting in a high quality Pilkington windshield, The tech called and the owner himself, Alex called to confirm our appointment. They were on time, install was perfect, and they gave great directions of what not to do for the first 48 hours. I feel more comfortable using them on my other cars and have no problem recommending them to others. I hope this helps other Yelpers.
