3 In light of my (now regular) morning walk/jogs, it's been brought to my attention how I am in dire need of proper shoes if I am to maximize my work out. And so after a long day of bookburying at the school library, I had my parents join me at the Fashion Show mall to browse around the shops and galleries. Along the way, we came across Shoe Palace. It's located right across Kay Jewelers, at that odd escalator junction (you'll know what I mean if you've been there)   The store had copious amount of space. It was very bright and a lot of effort was obviously put into its interior design. Shoes were neatly lined up on the walls and as much as I want to continue complimenting this place, I have to admit that the prices were highway robbery.   We compared shoes with identical designs between shoe palace and another athletic store - Champs, a level down - and some of them were jacked up a good $40 up in this store simply because it's meticulously designed to look contemporary and more high end. I'm pretty sure a smarter idea/alternative would be to explore your choices at the Las Vegas Outlets. I do know that their Nike Store usually holds sales and running shoes can go as low as $30.   There's no doubt the staff was friendly. They all greeted us with a warm welcome but if you are to stop by this place, come in simply to compare your prices and try not to impulsively jump at the opportunity if you see your favorite shoes lounging on the wall. Chances are, you'll find them for a fraction of the price somewhere else.
2 They double charged on my card when they said it didn't. I'm SO PISSED. And now they are making me go through a process to get my money back that's was their fault. Bullshit.
2 I will never shop there again, prices are outrageous even though their employees and managers are nice
2 I like places like Shoe Palace and Shiekh, only for their shoes because they usually have stuff that's not in season anymore or hard to find sneakers(and I freaking love shoes). So I came in here because the color way for the Nike Roshe were sold out at all Nike and I knew(well had a feeling) that they would have the colors that I wanted. I walked in and was immediately greeted. Cool whatever, walk over to the Nike wall to check their selections and a young man came up and asked me if I needed a size. I politely said "no thank you, I'm just looking for right now." He says "alright let me know if you need anything" and walks away. And I swear not even a split second after he walks away, ANOTHER associate asks if I want to try anything on. Again I said "no thank you, I'm just looking." HE walks away and then a young lady(again, not even a split second) walks up and asked if I needed any help. And at that point I was so annoyed I needed to get the fuuuuuuuck outta there. So I put the shoe down and a different young man comes up to me and says some crazy like "oh hey I seen you looking at those. Those are pretty cool right? Yeah they're totally nice. But they look weird on my feet. But I don't think they will on yours. You wanna try them on? Yeah I think you do! What size are you?" Man I wanted to put my face thru a glass. I said "easy on the red bull kid. I'm fine, I think I'm done with this store." As I proceeded to walk out I had 2 more associates "aw sorry you couldn't find anything, please come back. Have a great day." Honestly, I appreciated the attentiveness of the staff. But that was just a little too much customer service. In the 1.3 minutes I was there, I felt verbally gang banged. And the other star was for the dope shoes they had in there. And everyone is semi kinda trippin cause the shoes were about the same price as they are in other stores. 40 dollas more?! Who you think you got, Chelsea Clinton?! Trippin. Anyways, thanks for the extreme customer service Shoe Palace, but I will not be returning. Online shopping it is! Haaaayyyy!
5 this store has a "good feeling" vibe ! all the workers are so energetic, friendly, and they want to help you get the best shoes for you. i really like this shoe palace.. i see the workers running around and i ask why are you guys running ? he answered "for faster service" theres no answer better than that ! BAM 5 stars you guys are the best !
3 YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(179/365) "Quantity Yes, Quality, Not So Much"  We stopped in after being disappointed at Puma, and the staff here are very energetic and welcoming, always helpful and eager to get you what you need. Searching around, I go to the Puma/Adidas section and they have you usual Puma items, but no new release stuff... I spy a sweet pair of Adidas Original Gazelles so I ask if it was available in my size.  Perusing the store, I also saw a HUGE Puma display stand in the form of a Puma Suede which would be awesome in my room, but unfortunately isn't for sale...:( The lady helping me returns with more sad news...they don't have my size which sucks, but oh well, nothing I can do! This place is almost exactly like any shoe outlet, which is hit and miss...you may or may not find what your looking for, but it's not the end of the world.  ALOHA!!!  Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  3
