2 I don't know about the other reviewers, but the service I had was less than stellar, time to get our drinks and food were long, the menu had too many items on it, the food was less than spectacular, and the decor had not changed at all since it was Red, White, and Brew.  I'm surprised there were as many people that there were there.  Maybe it's just because they opened and are still ironing out the wrinkles, but it will be sometime before I visit again.
5 Excellent Food! Good Service!!
1 Went to try it for the first time with my 2 kids and wife, since it says that its a family restaurant? as i was looking back by where the cooks were, i noticed a middle aged man with glasses yelling the throwing food, he then began to say the "F" word 3 times, my kids heard it and asked what is that? i tried to play it off. When the food got to our table i asked, who is that with the glasses on? the owner??? really i said? He said yes. I told him what i heard and he said he would tell the manager. She finally came by and apologized, but she wasn't surprised? like he has done that many times before. I told her you don't need to apologize he does but he never did. he was that upset because the waitress didn't say cheese burger, ordered it as no cheese...... Family restaurant??? Never again will we go their. What an example the owner makes.........
2 This was my 2nd time there.  The first time was a better experience, friendlier, and lots of smiles.The waiters/waitress are good w/great attitudes, but the owner needs to work on being nice to us patrons, and his employees. The bar does have a great selection of beers, and the additional TV's that were put in since Red, White, and Brew were here are a good touch. Food was ok, but didn't care for the loud music! Very noisy!
2 Food was OK and the prices you cant beat. But the service is HORRIBLE! They are nice but supper slow and very forgetful. It almost feels that you are bothering them if you ask for anything. You would think by being a new business they would bring in staff that has some get up in their step. I tried to rate this higher because this place is by my house and I'm trying to support it but just cant.   Sorry   Wish you had better service.
1 Burger was good, but the service is AWFUL!!!! We sat down on Memorial Day (Monday) and waited 1:00 for 3 burgers and a kids meal.  Really!!!!!????!!!!  The AC was blaring, the wait staff seemed embarrassed by the delay, and we were told we were going to get taken care of for our trouble (we really didn't complain a lot about the lousy service at the time).  Our waiter graciously (sarcastically) took of 10% of a whopping 25$ bill...Wow, if I made $2.50 an hour it might of been worth my wait, fortunately I don't.  Avoid until they get their stuff straightened out, the food actually was not bad.
5 I read the reviews and I was shocked! This place is awesome. The food is great and you can't beat the prices. The service is as good as the food. The people who have left the negative reviews are crazy.
2 I was open minded but the front service was bad and the place looked exactly the same from Red, White and Brew. And it was packed?? Why??!
4 We have been here several times now, and.our experiences have all been fantastic! The service was better than average, and our food has been consistently and surprisingly good! I expected bar food, since it has a sports bar ambience -- and.they DO have plenty of bar food. But for what this place is, and the cost, the food was very tasty and they have some great salads in generous proportions. We live closeby, and have necome regulars.
4 Been coming here for a couple of months now and really like the atmosphere, plenty of TVs for sports, nice patio with misters and family always welcome. I watched the NBA playoffs here to route for the Celtics come to find out of of the cute bar tenders was from Boston so that made it even better destination LOL. I recommend their pizza, sounds plain as they have a great menu but I was told they make their own dough and I can tell, outstanding. Another item I really liked was the Apple Crisp desert with vanilla ice cream, out of this world!!!! Fat's has become my favorite local sports bar. Also was able to park my Harley near a window so I could easliy keep an eye out, another thing I really liked was their WIFI was free and worked really well, thanks Fats
1 This place is terrible. It dirty, the food sucks and the service is terrible. Do not waste your time or money. I came here once before and it had just opened and it was terrible. So I came back 3-5 months later and the food still sucks and now this restaurant is filthy.
5 We just moved to the neighborhood and we were looking for that new local spot, we were nervous after reading the reviews about slow or bad service.  My wife and I have been several times just for drinks as well as we have brought the whole family for lunch and dinner.  We have not had a bad experience yet!  My guess is some of these reviews may have been when they first opened and were not quite the fine oiled machine of today.  Good food and drink menu with reasonable pricing and specials.  Check this place out!
4 Bomb!!!! Live music friendly staff and really good affordable food...and really great prices.  So far so good, I will be checking in on this place from time to time to give you the honest updates you require ...plus there beers where ice cold off the tap.      Update 1.  restrooms where very clean and the place was 75% full. Update 2. Rosemary chicken takes the longest   to cook of all things on the menu, per out waitress and it came out half cooked pink in the middle, but the staff was great about removing it off the bill and making sure we got something else, in a timely manner because they did not want anyone leaving hungry or upset and offered 2 free appetizers on our next visit...  so stay tuned for the next time we go to this place it is fairly new and will be given a second chance.  Plus as a footnote the rest of our for was fantastic !!!!  Note to Willy, if you would pre cook the chicken by boiling in salted water and cool or remove the bones by d-boning or better yet what I would do, is:  use a Panini press grill and you would get the cooked in record time with the grill marks and (no brick needed).   That last tip was for free!!!
5 Been traveling and had some crappy experiences lately, so thought I'd write some reviews on restaurants that are awesome.  Fat Willy's is about a mile away from my house, and my fiance and my go-to place to eat when dining out on the weekends. Why? Let me tell you...  2-7 is HAPPY HOUR.. You can get these giant 26(?)oz beers for just $3 each... super cheap. Also, their whole appetizer menu is $5 each... and pretty much everything on that menu is delicious. We generally go here, order 2-3 appetizers, a bunch of drinks, and leave extremely satisfied.   Worth noting - the wait staff is awesome. Each one we've had has made time to sit down and chat with us, and even get to know us after repeat business. They are always prompt at keeping our drinks full and our food out quickly.  One last note - one night we were there while they had dueling pianos. It was an awesome experience and the atmosphere was awesome. We were there just by chance, but would be willing to buy tickets for the event next time.   Without a doubt one of my favorite restaurants and would recommend as well as take visitors to.  One last thing I would get in trouble for not mentioning - their strawberry dessert is DELICIOUS... I'm not a dessert guy but this thing is outstanding and I can never resist having at least a few bites.
5 This restaurant was recommended to us by a co-worker, mainly because of their $5.00 burger night and $5 appetizers and happy hour.  We have a special waitress, Carri,  who waited on us our first time and we always request her, however, have experienced other waitstaff and all of them are just as professional.  We have always had great service.  The first time my son and I tried it, we were hooked.  We come almost every Monday for $5 burgers and great appetizers ( fried zucchini is the best ).  My husband used to work out of town but now is in town and we go at least 2 times a week.  We go almost every Monday for burgers and usually Fridays for steak or  pizza or all you can eat fish.  As with any restaurant, we have our favorite foods, but have never been disappointed with anything we have tried.  We love that it is a locally owned establishment and will continue to enjoy their restaurant anytime we can and will also recommend them to our friends and family. They have a bar area, a dining area, and a patio.  Several TVs are available to enjoy different options for games.  The entire staff is friendly and  professional.  We have always experienced excellent service. We love Fat Willy's Chandler Heights.
4 Moved to Chandler about a month ago and this place is about a 5 minute walk from my house. Been here 3 times so far, the food is above average, haven't had anything amazing yet but the burgers are really good, and only $5 on Mondays (I think?) The wings are good too. They have a great happy hour that goes till 7pm, $4 for a 25 oz premium beer, and other specials on Sundays during football. Lots of TVs in the bar area. I have a feeling I will be frequenting this place often!
5 We just absolutely love having Fat Willy's in the neighborhood. The staff is always friendly and they have a huge vareity of food on the menu. I am a big fan of the South West eggo rolls. We especially enjoy all of the different events that they have. Yesterday was Nick & Wes dueling pianos www.azduelingpianos.com We took about 10 friends with us and it was jusr pure fun. Great music, good food and everyone was happy. It is a very casual comfortable enviroment and best of all it is close to home
4 I live close to this place and I had been anxiously waiting to find my good neighborhood "go to spot". This is definitely the place!  A great staff and excellent food choices and not to mention great beer.  It's always good to catch the games on Sunday or just take the wife out for one of their fabulous Coron-Rita, which are very tasty.  Hope this places keeps up the good work with their Sunday breakfast options, spicy bloody Mary's and their good local brew selections.  God job guys.  ps....one thing we did find to be bland in flavor were the Fajitas. But, definitely something they can fix! ;)
4 I was thrilled to find Fat Willy's had opened up in this location. It is the closest sports bar to our house (in the horribly underserved area of  SE Chandler. We've been there a few times and the food and service are good. The staff is friendly and courteous.   The only complaint I have is that on our last visit (last night) there were some children who were running around screaming and playing grab***. I don't blame Fat Willy's, I blame the parents. Their lack of parenting skills dampened an otherwise good meal.  Not to worry, we'll go back.
1 We waited too long for our food. The burger was preformed probably from costco and frozen , the french fries were raw. I ordered beer and they ran out,the next draft beer was stale. Our pizza was under cooked and greasy. 3 rd time I tried this place and it sucked all three times This place sucks. Don't eat here.
4 Great Pizza, burgers and beer of course
1 Chicken came out stale, food took too long, and the service was slow. Our waitress didn't tend to our needs, never came to check up on us for refills etc. the garlic knots were literally burnt.   Our wings were harder than a rock, the potato salad was horrible and tasted just wrong.   They had a band who did nothing but sing one song, then proceeded to take a 10 minute break, sang another song, then took another 10 minute break, etc.  The Band is better than the Food!  Do not come here, never again! Horrendous prices for what you get as well. If they probably lowered the prices, then maybe the food would be.....passable.
3 Food is average - nothing great but nothing horrible either.  We ordered as "take out" and had chicken tenders and shrimp.  Typical bar food quality - frozen and deep fried.  If you are looking for a local place to either go to or pick up food to take home, it will suffice.
5 Went there for my birthday on June 19th.  We brought a load of people and had a blast.  Service was awesome and Kyle took care of us!  Didn't catch the name of our waitress, but she was the best!  Going back often!
1 I want to give this place a good review because the food was good! Went there for the all-you-can-eat wings on Sunday. Fantastic wings. Terrible terrible waitress. My boyfriend and I ordered the unlimited wings and when we got the tab I was expecting to be charged $11.99 per person since we were both eating them. I was only charged $11.99. I looked at the menu, the hh menu, the "specials" menu, and their website. Indeed there was no indication that it was $11.99 per person, so I left it at that.  We were watching the Seahawks game and we were there a while and yes, we ordered a lot of wings. We also ordered drinks and fries and other appetizers.  We were there long enough that our waiter left and another waitress took over.  Erica. Who basically ignored us. Towards the end of the game she rudely asked if we were going to order any more wings and said we were abusing the unlimited wings. She said she would "let us have it" which was weird, because we had already paid. She seriously made us feel guilty and bad for taking advantage of an advertised special that we had driven 20 minutes to get to.  Her job is not to bark at customers for ordering food off the menu. It's not our fault they offer unlimited wings. I felt HUMILIATED. Like a fat cow. We will not be going back.
1 Apparently my last review was censored. Waitress was extremely rude. Told us we were eating too many unlimited wings and the restaurant wasn't making money.
3 Warm beer mugs and over cooked burgers.  How do you over cook a burger???  Service was friendly, cook should be fired!  If you want cold beer in a cold mug, this isn't the place.
5 I love this place.  Go here all the time.   Pizza and garlic bread are of the hook.   Love the bartenders, always great service. Breakfast on Saturdays and Sundays is better than Dennys.   It's my usual go to place.
2 Hard not to be frustrated with this place. Asked for a burger, medium rare, everything on the side. Got a burger, medium, everything on it, plus fries that had been clearly sitting around. Seriously. You're a sports bar. You can't screw up burgers. Although, given the number of televisions, I don't think I'd classify this place as a sports bar. The waiter finally came over when I had two bites left to ask me how the burger was. Well, dude, it sucked. My wife's flatbread?  No bueno. So then, the manager comes over and asks me if I want another one. Really?   Then he asks me If I want one to go. Look, the burger sucked when it was fresh from the kitchen. To go?  No thanks. Besides, WTF?  No, I can't eat a second burger. I'm a big fella, but come on, man. A second burger?  I really want to like local places that are not chain restaurants.  Keep the dollars local. However, I think I'll stick to Blue 32.
5 Our favorite place for a cold beer or a couples night out in Chandler.  The burgers, wings and appetizers are all quite good.  The southwest eggroll is quite tasty.  The staff has always treated us well.
1 Revisited with the coupon they gave us for a free entree because they hosed up my burger on the last visit.   If you can believe it, I ordered the exact same burger and they hosed it up again. Why does the waitress ask how I want it cooked?  Medium rare does not mean well done. Why bother to ask?  This place is good for pouring cheap beer. That's it. The food is terrible.  A sports bar that can't cook a burger correctly isn't worth visiting.  The manager never bothered to visit our table to explain why they suck at burgers.  Flat out terrible.   We had the additional benefit of the gym rats next door jumping on us for a gym membership on the way in and on the way out. Don't worry, sweat freaks.  If this place keeps screwing up my burgers, I won't need a gym membership. I left hungry.  Fat Willys blows.
2 Not bad. Typical beer and wings sports bar. Good for a large group and kids.  They do support the community sports, so for that I would go back.
3 Nothing to go crazy about.  Average food. The bar is for older people. I went on a Friday with some buddies (late 20s) and it was empty and we were by far the youngest people there.
5 Wednesday nights is family trivia night! It is becoming our tradition .. why?  Because the food is stellar ..well no, but it is sports bar acceptable.  Because there are tons of TVs and it's a great atmosphere .. well no, but there are enough and you can see the sports action from almost any table.  No, we love Fat Willies because of the people.  They will even go out of their way to help people with special food requests because of a special diet!  The treat our boy like he was a man, give the adults great service and they even pay attention to our infant little girl making her giggle and smile.  This is a great family style place, relaxed and fun.  I truly recommend them for the sports .. and trivia .. loving family!  Thanks to the crew at Fat Willies, we love you guys!
4 After reading some of the reviews, I had a low expectations. But nonetheless we were helping a school fundraiser.   I ordered the quesadilla burger medium and got a medium. And juicy quesadilla burger.  It was really good. Hot and fresh.   The only it needed was some salsa and it would be a 5 star.  The waitress was attentive,  and the manager did come over towards the end to check on us.
3 Great for a quick getaway for a game food is pretty good and reasonable very nice people tho
4 I come here 1-2 times a month to have a drink and a burger with friends or my kids... On Mondays it's $5 burgers. Good deal for decent bar food. Nothing special though. Stay clear of the nacho cheese!
4 its a good local bar for me. the food is good...i like the ribs and the wings. but i'm big on service and that is what this bar provides. Bridget and Erica are exceptional. They are able to maintain a high level a service through the busiest of times. You can't beat a daily happy hour either!
4 This place is a good choice for food!  We had the boneless wings which were very tasty. We also got the meat lovers pizza. It was extremely cheesy but was very good.   Service was great and very helpful. We went on Thursday night and it wasn't too busy around 6.   I would come back multiple times.
4 This is one of the newest Fat Willys and i have to say their service was pretty good. I like thats its bigger than the one on crismon which i usually go to. The setup is much nicer too. The food is excellent as usual. They have the best spinach artichoke dip, wings, luv the  the quesadillas & mozzarella sticks too..oh dont forget the delish burgers. $5 Burgers on Mondays
