5 The owner, Rene, who will be there every step of the way, is extremely knowledgeable and honest.  We had the underlayment of our 20-year-old tile roof replaced.  Expressing Roofing uses superior (more expensive) material installed by highly skilled workers for a very fair price.  I received three estimates and Express was the lowest even though the others use standard material and didn't take the time to explain their workmanship like Express did.  Express exceeded all my expectations and I wish I could give them 6 stars.  You won't find a better roofer in the Valley--definitely the best quality and workmanship for the best price.
5 My roof was original- 30 years old. I wasn't particularly excited about having to replace it- especially on the heels of a bathroom renovation due to a mold issue that insurance didn't cover) but I started seeing significant rotting on the overhang- so who knows what was going on on top! I did my due diligence. I called four of the highest rated companies on Yelp to get written estimates. Express was the most thorough, comprehensive and timely estimate of the group. In fact, the owner, Renee ( a former roofer himself) got on the roof with his Google glasses and filmed everything he saw so that I could see what he was talking about. He raised issues and suggested a plan that other guys didn't even discuss with me. I had an evap cooler removed several years ago and the guys did shoddy work and he was able to clean up the mess left by them without an additional cost. His estimate was competitive and super complete and he provide a better warranty than any of the other 5 star companies..and an actual certificate of warranty.  The job was done on time, his guys are awesome, not a nail to be seen left behind, not a shingle left floating in my pool and plants all protected. He did lots of small things as a courtesy and even filmed what the roof looked like when they tore the shingles off. I am so happy with their work and the overall experience of working with them. I am so glad that I included them in my estimates because nobody else was nearly as complete or as easy to work with. Thank you Renee for a job well done and for putting up with me! ( after he came out the first time I called with multiple times to ask additional questions etc. He and Jeff never made me feel like I was being the pain in the neck that I probably was).
