5 Good Job Ernesto !
5 I just received an INCREDIBLE KERATIN HAIR TREATMENT with Ernesto Real.-KERATIN is a process which made my VERY VERY CURLY long hair actually  be smooth, silky, shiny and managable with no more KINKS!  YEA!!  This is NOT the stuff with fumes or harmful chemicals...I never smelled anything AT ALL!...Ernesto  took the time to explain the entire process ( which takes lots of hairstylist patience) in depth before he began so I knew what to expect both during the application as well as after the treatment was completed...The 3 hour process seemed to fly by as I was kept alert with all of Ernesto's stories....I left the salon with my NEW straight locks looking FAB!  Ernesto is also going to give me a complementary styling after the 3 day waiting time for the Keratin to "set"....that is a great bonus!  Most of all, being in Ernesto's care was a real treat!  His personality is very warm and charming making me feel very much at home and in the hands of a REAL PRO! BEST OF ALL, ERNESTO works with ONLY ONE CLIENT AT A TIME...so I felt very special and got all of the attention I could possible need or want.........GREAT-GREAT-GREAT personal service..........HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE for any type of hair service...you will NOT be disappointed
5 I received a superb keratin hair treatment with Ernesto Real about a month ago. I have always had frizzy and curly hair and after receiving this treatment my hair was perfectly straight and non frizzy. He was wonderful and took his time performing this procedure. He educated me regarding the chemicals in shampoos and hair treatments and advised me to use different products that do not contain such ingredients. Although the procedure did take roughly 3 hours, he was very prompt and efficient. He understood my needs and took the time to address any questions or concerns I had.      Ernesto was very personable and extremely professional. His personality and demeanor was warm, charming, and inviting as if I were in company of a best friend. He knows what he is doing and I will always go to him for my hair care needs. Awesome Hairstylist with superb skills and personality- I recommend him to everyone.
5 Ernesto is a pro, my keratin treatment last  for 4 months while others doesn't. Great salon in old town Scottsdale, great music to boot and excellent costumer service.  I love Ernesto!
5 I agree with Diane and Richelle! My old stylist actually gave me the wrong color formula and Ernesto fixed it!! Ernesto takes the time and he has the chemical understanding of what products do to our hair and only uses the best hair color.
5 Ernesto is the BEST! I get the Keratin Treatment and it lasts the longest when Ernesto does it!! Highly recommend!
