5 Kyle Vaughn is my hero! Six weeks ago, he repaired a botched bunionectomy that I had earlier this year. After not being able to walk without pain for many months, I am walking better than ever and this is only after 6 weeks since his miracle surgery. It was a complex surgery to fix what another doctor screwed up, but he knew what to do to get me back on my feet.  Dr. Vaughn has patience, compassion, confidence and an easy style. I've recommended him to my friends and now, to all of you, too.
5 I went to Dr. Vaughn to obtain a second opinion after breaking my 4th metatarsal this past summer.  While my first doctor put me into a walking boot with minimal directions on what to do or expect, I knew a boot wouldn't be sufficient.  My first visit with Dr. Vaughn lasted approximately an hour and was inclusive of an examination, in-house x-rays, and a detailed and lengthy conversation about the pros and cons of a hard cast versus going straight for surgery. We chose a path for my recovery together, and while I ended up needing surgery in the long run, I appreciate that Dr. Vaughn was not quick to recommend surgery immediately.  Through the course of my treatment, he was readily accessible by means of a phone call and made sure no question went unanswered.  The evening before and the evening after my surgery, Dr. Vaughn personally called to check on me. His bedside manners are uncanny, and greatly appreciated With every visit (or phone call) I have always been treated with dignity and respect.  I have shared my story with numerous friends and the reaction I hear is always the same: "Wow, you have an amazing doctor!"  Kyle Vaughn is professional, meticulous, personal, and compassionate; He truly cares about his patients. Regardless of the severity of your foot concern, I highly recommend Dr. Vaughn for all of your foot and ankle needs.
5 Is Dr. Kyle Vaughn a Bone Whisperer?  My intermediate cuneiform bone sure thinks so.    Dr Vaughn is candid, forthcoming with information, easy to talk to, great with delivering the facts. Communication style kept my confidence high, my fear level at zero, and my focus on the recovery path.  I can not recommend him highly enough.    Billing has been 100% correct.  Invoices are clear, and I am able to account for all items. Could you ask for anything better than that?  - oh wait - yes you can...He is reachable, responsive, and his office schedules appointments so effectively, I am literally person-to-person with Dr Vaughn within minutes of my arrival.  If you need a doctor for your feet, don't go any further than this review, just call this guy.  You will be the next one giving him 5 stars.
5 I recently moved to Scottsdale and shortly thereafter began suffering from a sharp pain in my left foot.  After seeing a physician, whose treatment was not effective, I saw Dr. Vaughn after reading his reviews on Yelp.  To make a long story short, I got in promptly and he gave me advice on how I might possibly avoid an injection into my foot, which advice I very much appreciated.  That advice helped, but did not resolve the problem so I returned for the usually unpleasant steroid injection.  Let me tell you, I never felt the injection or the manipulation of the needle.  A great experience and I believe that my problem is over.I would very highly commend Dr. Vaughn  to my friends.
5 My mom had an appointment with Dr Vaugh,  the visit was perfect from start to finish.  The office staff, ellen, was great and very efficient.  Dr Vaugh was wonderful to my mom,  delivered excellent care and I would highly recommend him to family and friends.   Definite 5 star.    Thanks yelp!!!!!!  ann g
