3 I wavered between 3 and 4 stars because I like the idea but... well... read on I guesss.  Last night The Man decided to go out for a couple of beers and thought that a ready meal would suit us nicely.  I remembered walking by a frozen food store in Morningside and suggested we check it out.  The Man said "it isn't Iceland, is it?" I assured him that no, it's wasn't Iceland.    And so we visited the Morningside branch of Cook, which has some kind of slogan like "good food for busy people."  The shop assistant explained that they do a food delivery service and showed us which foods are for one person, for two people, and which are sides.  To be honest, we didn't venture too far into the store because the "meals for 2" are right at the front, so we didn't see all they had to offer.    In short, Cook serves up a nicer (and healthier, I suspect) version of the kind of ready meals you get in the supermarket.  For this, though, you pay a premium.    We decided on a Moroccan lamb tagine because it was so unlike anything we would make ourselves.  I had my eye on an Indonesian veggie curry but The Man's need for meat won out.  The curry was reasonably priced at something like £5 or £6, but the lamb tagine was £9.  Keep in mind these prices are only mains, they don't include any sides.    We liked our tagine, we agreed that the lamb was heavenly and tender (a result of stewing for a long time), but the sauce which included dates and apricots was too sweet for our taste.  I've never had a tagine before but actually think this is pretty standard.  The portions were fine as I made rice to go with it and it was late when we ate anyway, but to be honest it definitely wouldn't be enough food without a side.    I was also pleasantly surprised by the nutrition facts - 10g fat per person for a meaty meal is surprisingly low.  I guess lamb is lean?  I'm used to ready meals being astronomically fat filled and overall really quite bad for you, so this was pretty good.    So, I liked Cook and I would definitely get a ready meal from here again (their veggie options are reasonably priced and a few sound pretty tempting), but I found the price just a bit too steep to make it a regular date.
