5 Seriously fresh, soft, mouth watering donuts!! Plus the nicest sweetest staff around. Waaay better than any other chain or store-made donuts. You must try the fresh stuffed whip cream donuts, too die for!! Hands down the best donut place in the entire West Side!!
5 Seriously... Fresh Donuts have amazing donuts!!!!!! I dont eat donuts often, but when I get a craving for them I come here!! You can always taste the freshness! LOVE, love!! I recommend!!
5 Best donuts within a 50 mile radius.  Easily beats out the bigger chains.  The donuts are ALWAYS fresh and absolutely perfect.  The staff is excellent.  They are so pleasant and a joy to see!  I will only buy donuts here for as long as they are in business!
5 The best donuts around!  Nice people, I love to stop in to see them, and their donuts are soooo good.  What a treat!
5 I love their donuts! Always so fresh soft and moist ! Staff is great.
5 I love this place! So much better than the the big chain donut shop across the street! Plus they have boba!!
5 The best!!!! great donuts, better than supermarkets, much better than dunkins, staff is very nice, they also have a croissant with ham and cheese, jalapenos optional and it is delicious!!! Try them you wont be disappointed.
5 Awesome chai tea latte with boba. Fresh donuts all the time! Apple fritters are crunchy on outside and soft in the middle. Just like they should be.
5 Boycott Dunkin' and go with these local business folks! They're far better!  I feel so welcomed when I come here, and the doughnuts are AMAZING. With Dunkin' Donuts just down the road, you can do a taste test and find out who's superior. I did, and this place won by a mile.  The name is literal, Fresh Donuts. And they're the best donuts I've had in years. I can't say enough about how great their friendliness is either. I love this place.
5 Best donuts thus far, in the west valley, in Buckeye AZ. Better than Dunkin. For those from Cali. they taste almost as good as Yum Yum Donuts, beats going to Cali. Located on Watson, in the Frys shopping center. Enjoy!
5 Their hours are from 0500-1900. We called at 1920 to see if they were open, and she told us no, but they'd stay open for us! They both were so friendly, prices are great, and donuts were delicious! Definitely recommend this place over Dunkin.
5 Randomly saw their shop while going to Subway and it was AHMAZZING! We didn't have cash (which they prefer due to high Credit card surcharges) but the lady was super nice and let us run our card anyways. Light, fluffy, and fresh donuts with awesome service. A must!
5 I opted for simplicity and went for the glazed donut! It was moist, soft and oh so heavenly! Support local businesses and get your donuts here and pass on the chain store!
5 The donut melts in mouth as soon as it hits saliva the sugary dough just disintegrates.
5 Great local mom and pop donut shop.always fresh...great taste....great service with always a thank you and have a great day!
5 Best glazed donuts ever!!! I go there all the time. Great prices. The owner is always very friendly.  Go early because the donuts are gone fast.
5 Not Only do they make the absolute best donuts and pastries in the whole metro area the couple that own and run the business exemplify the meaning of American small business !!   Go there now. Spend all your money!!!!  Be happy all day!!!!!!
5 Very friendly service, super delicious donuts.  What more can you ask for?    The eat-in area is a tad small but that is expected for a donut joint.  There are tables though.  The donuts are a tad on the small side but that's probably a good thing!
