4 Cherry Berries is a small little place tucked in next to the 7-11 at the Northeast corner of Sahara and Eastern on the East side of Las Vegas. I noticed their sign for smoothies while at the 7-11 and since it was so hot outside I decided to check them out.   Inside the place is clean, yet kinda cozy with about 6 small tables, but there's just something about the place that I liked. They offer a lot of panini's which made me think I need to try them for lunch...and I will but today it was all about the smoothies. I had quite a few choices available so I picked something and I ended up with a handmade smoothie that was made by hand and made fast, and oh man, did it hit the spot. It was perfect.   I want to go back and try the paninis for lunch but this place got my attention on just the smoothies. 4 Stars? Absolutely. Service with a smile wins me over every time, but when the smoothie tastes as good as this one, yeah, I'll be back.   Note: Parking can be very, VERY tight here. But it's worth the hassle.
4 While Cherry Berries makes great desserts and smoothies, I'm on the lookout for new lunch options. Yesterday was a madhouse for me and I needed a quick lunch so I decided to give their Paninis a try. Parking in front was not even possible, the traffic to the 7-11 had cars 3 deep backed out onto Eastern trying to get in. I ended up parking around back, having to pass by the stinky trash cans and a homeless man to go in.   I ended up ordering a Chicken Pesto panini: Chicken breast, muenster cheese, pesto sauce, mayo, tomato, balsamic onion, and lettuce. I also bought the meal deal with chips but upgraded to an "All Berry" smoothie for the drink, it came out to about $10.   The smoothie came out first, but the panini seemed to take forever. I did have a hectic day yesterday so my sense of space and time may have been distorted but I started getting antsy that I was going to run out of time for lunch. When I got the panini it wasn't pretty like Panera Bread does theirs, but appearance is secondary, taste is everything. And the panini tasted... well it wasn't bad, but with pesto sauce and balsamic onions in it I just expected a little more zip, something to wake my mouth up a bit. This panini didn't have that. It was just good, but not great.   So will I go back? For smoothies, absolutely. For paninis? I'll add it to my list as an option but my first impression was ho-hum. But they do have an extensive list of paninis and the staff always provides service with a smile so I'll give them another try.
5 Love Love Love this place!!! There is nothing like it in Vegas.  Their panini sandwiches are so fresh and are huge.  A great deal for the price. They have a variety to choose from, you can't go wrong with any option but I always order  a side of jalapenos. Their smoothies and salads are excellent as well. I can never pass up one of their strawberry oatmeal smoothies; a perfect option for breakfast.
3 A 3.5 star, the ice cream portions are nice and big. The juices are great. The snow-cones are too sweet.
5 Absolutely Love this place.  My coworker and I come here once a week for lunch.  We order ahead because it does take some time for the staff to make our food, but it is still soo worth it!!!  I also come here with my husband often.  I have been going here pretty much since they opened.  I love the chicken pesto panini, and the vegetarian panini.  Their juices are great.
5 There are so many things on this menu and if you are Mexican/Latin, you will want everything! It's overwhelming.  Smoothies: "All Berries"  delicious and so is the "Strawberry Bannana."  The taste is natural and healthy.The Mango Banana is also delicious! Honestly don't think you can go wrong with any of their smoothies.   Chicken Buffalo Panini....so toasty and cheesy! This is by far my favorite! All of their sandwiches are amazing but this one is particular is a MUST. It's got a little kick of spice, the chicken is nice and tender and the balsamic not too strong-PERFECFT! I came here with coworkers about a year ago and they all were beyond satisfied with their food and this second time of me coming, nothing has changed.   I'm totally in for finding new places to eat that are family owned and operated. This place is not the most appealing from the outside but it's an amazing pick! The owners are very friendly and willing to help you answer any questions. LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. If ever driving down or near Sahara and Eastern, give this place a shot, you will not be disappointed!
4 Cherry Berries is a cute little cafe!  I grew up on this side of town and remember that nothing cute or new ever moved in except for taco shop after taco shop.  Now I love a good taco, but I don't want tacos every day.  A girl needs some variety in her food options!  I am happy this side of town is finally getting some new business love!  I actually noticed the sign for Cherry Berries as I was driving past to run some errands with my mom, who still lives over here.  I hadn't heard about it, but I am always on the look out for new places.  I stopped on my way back to pop inside and check it out.  We had eaten earlier, so we were more interested in desserts this time around.  I did check out the food menu while waiting for our order though, and a lot of things looked like they would be tasty for a lunch meal.  We both got smoothies this time.  My mom had the piña colada and I had the orange vanilla one.  The piña colada tasted like the ones you get in Mazatlan while you are sitting on the beach relaxing.  It was very refreshing and tropical.  The orange vanilla one tasted exactly like it's name.  I really liked the huge amount of oranges that went into the smoothie though.  My kid is not into eating but will never turn down a ice cream.  I ordered this one because I knew it would be close to ice cream and I could get her to drink some.  It definitely worked because she drank more than half before I got it back.  So yeah for sneaking some fruit into her diet!  Sneaky, but it works!  They also have a decent selection of Dryer's ice cream for sale for when you aren't trying to trick your kid into eating something healthy.  The servings are big and the prices are low.  Yummy and a good deal!  The staff was friendly too, which is always nice.  The service is slow though.  I only ordered 2 smoothies but it took 10 minutes to get them and I was the only one in there.  They tasted great and you could tell they were made after I ordered them, but keep it in mind if you are in a rush.    I would definitely come back to try out their food for lunch, if I was in the area.  I know if  I lived closer to this place, I would be here pretty regularly.  Go check it out if you are near Sahara/Eastern.
4 I was introduced to this cute little cafe by my coworker who would always order this amazing Greek salad from them. I finally stopped by and ordered their panini sandwich I believe in which it was the chicken bacon ranch. It is so fantastic looking and definitely yummy for about $7 for the full sandwich. Not bad, but I do think for it's size a nice can of soda could go well with it as a combo.  They always have their lunch specials displayed and their employees are always super nice. I've been wanting to try their raspados however they are kind of costly for a drink I would get in L.A. for about a $1.00   Great for a quick lunch or quick lunch date. Community is kind of ghetto and plaza is located in a super small and confusing parking lot.  They have panini's salads and great smoothies. Try the strawberry banana kiwi smoothie you will thank me later.
5 Place was hard to find, but the food was really good. I got the pepperoni-carne asada panini and was quite pleased.
4 I totally enjoyed this place. Not the best area,but as always, looks can be deceiving. Ordered a snow cone, smoothie, and a fresh juice. My juice was on point. Pineapple, oranges, and strawberries. Delicious. Only snafu was when the guy at the counter forgot I had ordered it. So I waited, and waited, and waited. When I mentioned it he totally owned up, apologized profusely and even offered a freebie scoop of ice cream for his mistake. I love it when people take responsibility for their errors and move on. This kid blew me away. I also loved this fresh juice and will definitely be returning when in the area. Always glad to support small businesses.
4 The positive was finding a very clean, very friendly place in this area of town, with somewhat healthier offerings. I say somewhat, because the smoothies tasted sugared up, and I prefer simple fruit in my smoothie, not a Slurpee. Also had a veggie panini and it was good. Another negative (besides the sugar in the smoothies) was that the chip options were totally 80's junk. No baked chips or healthy option or trendy brand, like "Food Should Taste Good", or even just Sun Chips. I passed on having any Lay's or Cheetos, even though they came with the meal. My mom really liked the panini, though. The juices were good, and didn't taste like anything was added. Loved the sweet gal at the counter; nice people. You really get a lot for the corner of Sahara and Eastern, next to a 7-11!
5 I accidentally found this little hidden jewel! I have passed by here a MILLION times and never once noticed it. I was craving for and on the hunt for a chamango. This place has chamangos and MORE.   Its super clean and the staff is very friendly and helpful. I only ordered a chamango but the food there looked oh-so yummy. They have a variety of food including carne asada fries, soup, and paninis.   My chamango was made perfectly! There's nothing more than I can say...except I will be going her ALL the time. So happy I found this spot!!!!
1 I love their Bubble tea.. but lately 3 time now ive gone in and no Bubble ready.. im really sick of this happening.. i really want the bubble tea... REALLY I DOO... WTH???
