1 WORST SERVICE. WORST ATTITUDE. CON MEN/WOMAN AND SCAMMERS.  If I could, I would give Fix It no stars. But alas, Yelp is too kind.   I went to Fix It (I'm highly in support of local small businesses) a few months back to get my laptop fixed because the hinges were shattered and needed to be aligned and replaced; as the screen was not able to stand on its own.  When it was first taken in there, they quoted $50 to get it fixed. I thought "great! Sounds reasonable!" Trusting them to do a reasonably decent job I left my laptop with them, after being told it will be a week. After my laptop was picked up (after a two week delay and by a relative) and inspected, I was THOROUGHLY disappointed by their service. The shattered pieces were SUPER-GLUED together and no effort was made to fix the issue! if I wanted it super-glued I would have done it myself rather than pay them fifty bucks to do it. So, I took it back, infuriated that they would take advantage of their customers this way.   At first, I tried to remain calm, and reasoned and explained that I was dissatisfied and wanted it fixed the right way or that they should give me my money back. They refused to do so, claiming that this (the super-gluing) is what I paid for and that if I want it replaced I would be charged extra. Of course, I refused and asked for my money back, instead I was met with a condescending response and an IDGAF attitude.   Finally, after a much heated exchange, they said they would order the new screen cover and fix it at no extra charge. I thought "Oh awesome! They are actually trying to fix the issue and not cheat me!" So, they took the laptop codes and said they would call back in a week. A week went by, then two, I went back to check what the problem was, they said they didn't get the right code and I asked why they didn't call me, they flubbed and sweated it out. It was apparent then and there they weren't going to fix the issue but instead were going to try and con me some more. I gave them another week, still no call. It's been about three months-ish now,  and my laptop remains broken.  Till date this business has been THE WORST service I have gotten anywhere in the WORLD, and that's after living in a third world country. I hope for their sakes, they have re-tuned their moral compasses or their soddy attitude because if they stay where they are right now, they are going to go out of business quite soon.
5 Great Service ! Had my iPhone 4S repaired in under 45 min ! (During lunch ) works better then new and at a great price ! Even changed to color of my entire phone !
5 the fix my i phone 5 the use the best part in town all original lcd  jolian is the best technician in town thank you.
5 These guys are awesome they just resurrected my dead iPhone 5 after it was thrown at a wall! I am so happy with this business they are getting all of my phone fixes from now on!
