4 My new office happens to be within a stone's throw of some of the best little Mexican joints in town. Due to this, I have gained about 4 pounds in the last two months and have eaten an obscene number of breakfast burritos. I like my chorizo burros, but my office mates prefer more Americanized ingredients like bacon and ham - which is why we generally wind up ordering from Dora's - something for everyone!  Due to its proximity, speed and reasonable prices, we have recently started ordering lunch from Dora's. The tacos and lunch burritos are some of the best in the area, and my co-worker swears they have the best green chile around - which the owner told me they make fresh in house, and you can buy in a large side to go. Since I have been overindulging in Mexican food of late I decided to try the chicken gyro for lunch on my last visit. They were out of chicken so I went ahead and ordered the lamb, against my better judgment. The gyro was well made, on a super fresh pita, but the lamb just wasn't my thing. They also offer a Greek Salad for $5.95... so as I prepare for a couple upcoming weddings that may be my next order.   The 'restaurant' is in the back of a market called "Minute Liquor" so you can pick up pretty much any sort of beverage you'd like to go with your meal. Cervesa anyone? It may seem a little strange to find a dining establishment located in the back of a liquor store, but the neighborhood is rife with these little combo shops and the kitchen is clean and the food is good and economical, so I can navigate the aisles of beer and chips in the mini-market to the back of the tiny shop for my lunch.
3 I wish there was a way to give 2.5 stars. This place is located in a liquor store on the corner of 16th Street and University.  I've seen the sign for Dora's and finally took a chance and stopped in today.  I ordered a ground beef burrito enchilda style with green chile with a side of rice and beans.  Usually the burrito comes with rice & beans mixed with the ground beef, but I requested just ground beef.    It took a while for my order to be ready so I checked out their liquor selection and reminisced of the days when drinking Mad Dog 20/20 and Boones Farm Wine sounded like a GREAT idea.  Back to to the food! They're very generous with their portions, I'll give them that, but I'm still trying to figure out if the burrito was good or just okay.  I liked the taste of the ground beef and there was a ton of cheese, which I love. The green chile was a tiny bit spicy and has a bit of a tang to it, which reminded me of canned green chile sauce.  The beans also had lots of melty cheese in them, but didn't have much flavor besides that and could've used some salt. The rice was good, but it wasn't  the usual mexican or spanish rice I usually see. It looked like yellow rice-a-roni. Still it was good, just different than what I was expecting.  The lady who took and made my order was super nice.   I'm not sure the food deserves 3 stars, but 2 seemed like not enough. I can't agree with the others who rated this place with 4 and 5 stars. If this is the best green chile you've tasted, you have got to get out more!
4 Gave it try and super excited!!!! Hole in the wall gem! I got the Carne Asada and Egg Burrito. Huge burrito for only $5.75!!! It taste's so good!!! I will be returning and letting all my co-workers know. I hope they will cater a corporate lunch for us!!
