1 WOW!  I will never step foot in this animal hospital again!  First of all they push their per insurance aka "care program", ummm NO!  and if you don't get on their care program bandwagon you will pay out the butt for services!  They want to charge me $250 to clean my dogs teeth and they want to put her to sleep to do such!  Are you kidding me?  I've never had a vet want to put her to sleep to clean her teeth!  They took my dog in the back and supposedly examined her and gave her shots.  Really?  did they?  I have never been to a vet that does not check your dog in front of you and give shots in front of you. I have no idea what they did to her, if anything and nearly $200 later I walked out of the place.  The doctor had a poor bedside manner, slightly rude, rather matter of fact, not at all personable or friendly at all.  A rock has more personality than the doctor had!  Needless to say I will not be returning to this facility. DO  NOT  GO  TO  THIS  FACILITY !  They are a SCAM!  They rape you of your hard earned money and you have no clue if they have even examined your pet or given the shots since none of those services are done in front of the owner!
1 At first I thought it was pretty cool deal to make monthly payment for all the visits and vaccines including spay / neuter. Through out the whole year I was with them not once I was satisfied :( when I took my puppy she was tiny little thing and I wanted to wait until she grows bigger n stronger to get spayed but, they were pressuring me to get her spayed right away. I finally decided to get her spayed when she was 6month old. She came home n she started crying all night long. I have 3 older dogs who went through this procedure and I knew something was wrong cz her reaction was way different than my other 3 dogs I could tell she was in more pain than usual. I took her in the next day to make them check on her to make sure everything was okay I heard female vet behind the door right before she walked into our room just sounded annoyed n told assistant it was normal reaction after surgery didn't understand why I was there for. She walked in looked at me like I was an idiot and talked to me like I was little kid then gave me stronger pain medicine for my puppy. My puppy n I both didn't get any sleep for 2 nights in a row cz she was crying the whole time (I had to call in sick for work to stay with her at home so, lost money that week too...) I had to take her back in again cz her wound didn't look like it was healing properly they told me it was infected n GLUED her skin together to close that open wound by the time when i got home glue got dried n her wound popped open again! Long story short it took my poor baby girl almost a month to recover from simple procedure n on the top of it i found out later that they charged me extra $250 for something they didn't even do thank god I took a look at the bill n asked what it was n they reimbursed me that money (what if i didn't notice anything about it they could've got away with taking extra $$$ from me!) until today everyone tells me her scar is too big for her body. And I felt like they always tried to convince me to get something that wasn't included in the plan to charge me more which my current vet told me everything she was getting extra weren't even necessary to have in Vegas weather so, I paid them more than I should've had...about a week after I canceled the plan with them I got a letter and voice mail from them telling me my puppy was due for couple of vaccines n gave me the regular price for those. I'm sure they saw what she needed that month when I was canceling on the phone why didn't they mention anything for me to get them done that same month when it was supposed to be covered by the plan I had when i was already paying them that month?? How shady!!
5 Dr. Coleing is amazing with my dog.  He is very thorough and always pleasant to speak to.  I ask for him by name.  We did see the other vet in this office once with no problem; however, Ella seems to prefer the male doctor.  The staff at this Banfield is wonderful too.  I am always reminded when Ella is due for her comprehensive exams because I have Banfield's Wellness plan.  I have attempted to cancel it several times to save some cash, but I always change my mind.  I transferred my account three times when I've moved (once cross country and twice within the Las Vegas area), so this is our third Banfield location, and by far my favorite.  Kathy, who works the front desk, is always efficient and smiling.  I've never had to wait longer than a couple minutes whenever she is working.  Thank you Dr. Coleing and staff for being such a joy.  Going to the vet is never fun, but you always make it a pleasant experience for my baby and me.
5 Im not sure why the reviews are so low here. I have always gotten the best care and take all 3 of my animals here.  This is a pretty high volume store and iv been kept waiting a few times but I feel that's a pretty minor concern. IV always been able to trust bringing my pet here and would encourage others to do so as well.
2 Not sure if they're too busy or understaffed, but I'm always waiting for lengthy periods of time when I come here.  I always drop my dog off at 7am to give them plenty of time & ensure he's ready. Low & behold, I drop him off today for a comprehensive exam and 8 hours later still not ready.  Whenever I go to the reception desk, the lady is always so busy (& typically rude) with incoming phone calls, that people standing in front of her come 2nd place.  Nice facility & nice vets, but they don't manage the business well nor account for busier shifts.  I'm done with this place.
3 I generally have a good experience here, but as stated in a couple of the reviews, the wait time is too long. I've been taking my 2 animals here for about a year and I can't remember a time where there wasn't some kind of delay. I realize things come up, but it happens just about every time. That being said, the care they provide is good and my animals are both happy and healthy.
