5 This man can do amazing things with his hands if you know what I mean ;-) He was a fantastic entertainer and balloon maker at the Yelp Pleydate event at the Phoenix Children's museum last night.   We laughed our rear ends off he was so amusing and he made some fantastic pieces. He's able to come up with great ideas for both children and adult themed items, He made everything anyone requested last night. He even fulfilled our request for the dirtiest balloon creature of the night. He did not disappoint!  Hire this man.
5 This guy is AWESOME!  Yes all capital letters AWESOME!  We saw him perform at the yelp PleY date and wanted to pull up a chair and watch him all night.  He was entertaining, engaging and also talented with balloon art (no crappy giraffes here).  I want to throw a party just so I have a reason to hire him.
5 We hired Dizzie for my daughter's birthday party.  They turned 6 & 9. He was very easy to work with over the phone.  He asked lots of ?'s about my girls over the phone.  He showed up on time and once he walked in the fun began.  He not only entertained the kids, but the adults as well.  He made sure every child got a cool balloon creation but interacted with them too.  Dizzie was open to all the kids requests and he delivered some spectacular balloon art!  Do not hesitate to hire this gentleman, he will make your party a hit.
5 "Twerk!, twerk!, twerk!, twerk!"  This guy puts on a show! He's extremely talented with balloons and crafts just about anything you can dream up. I met him at an adults only pool party at Luster Bar in downtown recently, I'm guessing this was quite the change of pace for him from the normal birthday party.  Dizzie crafted a dancer out of balloons, right before our eyes, attached her to a hat and it was passed from person to person for the next few hours. I then saw him create an intricate hat weaved, twisted, and sewn from seven or eight different balloons. No swords and basic hat's from this guy. From there, he went on to create a few more balloon sculptures, and had I kept up with him I would have spent the whole party watching; I decided to move on to the pool.  While swimming I saw him from across the pool, wearing a life guard t-shirt, and he was all too excited to join into my humorous shtick. At one point he saved me from "fake drowning" in the three feet deep pool. If I ever throw a party, I know who I'm bringing for entertainment. Dizzie, You're quite the entertainer!  Happy Yelping Phoenix, this guy is a man of many talents.
5 Dizzie is phenomenal! We hired him for our daughter's first birthday party and he kept everyone (parents, three year olds, babies) entertained for a solid 2.5 hours. He is truly a talented artist with a dynamic personality. Our friends and family were blown away by his creations. I would recommend him in a heartbeat!
5 Dizzie is not just a balloon artist, he's the complete show! If I had just enough money to have one entertainment component for a party (and not just a kid's one), I would spend that money on hiring Dizzie. He always comes to the party with a smile on his face and a show ready to go! I've hired him for a pool party and he showed up dressed like a life guard. I hired him for a large event and he decided to wear stilts and create balloon animals while walking on stilts! Did I also mention that he's a performer? He dances and has a dance group you could hire and he's just plain entertainment because he's also a member of the Harlem Globe Trotters!   Dizzie the Balloon Artist caters to the theme and demographic of the party and he's a blast every step of the way. Oh and he's also very talented in actually creating adorable balloon animals!
5 I want Dizzie at every party I go to! He's super entertaining, high-energy, and lots of fun. And the things he can create with those balloons...unreal! Can't wait to see Dizzie again at another event :-)
5 If you're one who hates going to the gym, simply hire Dizzie once a week to come over instead. No he's not a trainer and no he won't make you do sit-ups repeatedly. He''ll just have you sit there and work his magic to make you laugh hysterically. Within 30 minutes, your abs will be so sore, you'll be begging for him to stop.  But he doesn't.  He uses his charm, quick wit and ability to adjust to any personality to make you laugh and keep you entertained. If you want those six-pack abs, you'll have to keep hiring him.  Seriously though, Dizzie is great for any group of people -- from a 5-year-old's birthday party to a 90-year-old woman's birthday party. Weddings, pool parties, ladies nights....whatever. He'll keep your gathering hoppin! He does balloon animals, dances, interacts with all guests and I hear he can walk on stilts too! Just tell him what you're looking for and he'll accommodate.  Now I just need an excuse to throw a party.......
