5 Dr. Kelli Smith and her awesome team deserves 5 stars!  From the minute I walked in to the minute I walked out, I was very pleased with their service. The receptionist, to the assistant, to Dr. Smith herself; everyone made me feel like a valued customer.  Came in for a super duper long overdued general eye exam. Her assistant was very thorough with me and explained what each machine does. Dr. Smith was also thorough and took her time with me on my eye exam. She was patient when I had questions.  I had some specific frames I had in mind but this Optic Gallery does not carry that style. So the receptionist was kind enough to call another location and asked if they carried the brand.
2 Was ok.  Signed up for pupil dilation AND digital retinal photos, both of which the staff forgot to do.  Less than enthusiastic staff when picking out frames.  Wanted to charge $10 for pd test AND when I asked for a microfiber cloth was told "they usually charge for those" but let me check.  Really!
5 I am very pleased with the service I received from Dr Smith and her staff.  Everyone there was very friendly and made it easy for me to feel very relax from the first visit to the 5th .  It has been over 2 years since I had used contact lenses and I remembered why I stopped.    The experience I had from my old Optometrist was very unsettling.  It seemed very rushed; as I remembered, I stop using them 3 months after I got them since I was getting blur vision and was told this is normal. However, I finally got fitted with new contacts and it only took THREE try and guess what.  No blur vision or that irritating/annoying sting I use to get.  What I love most is how patient Dr Smith was and how she worked with me until I was very comfortable with my new contacts.     Honestly, I have no reason to go anywhere else for my eye exam and the best part is that she has earned my family's yearly eye exam.  I highly recommend others to use OPTIC GALLERY.
5 I saw Dr. Kelly Smith a few months ago.  It was my first experience with an eye doctor.  She took her time with me and answered all my questions.  She explained what she was looking for after she took pictures of my eyes.  When it was time to get glasses to help me better see while working on my computer they really listed to what I wanted.  They didn't try to up sell me on any product.  They explained all of my options, answered my questions then let me pick what I wanted for myself.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Kelly Smith to anyone.
2 It took me 27 days to get my glasses the reason was the frame got lost? I will think twice to recommend any friend and I don't think going back to Optic Gallery the worst they not even apologize.
5 Dr. Kelly and her crew took all the time necessary to make sure that I had a GREAT experience with this whole ordeal.   I would like to say that I was incredibly impressed with Dr. Kelly and the fact that she asked me not once but four times if there were any questions that I had for her!
5 I will definitely go back to Optic Gallery.  Dr. Paez and his staff were knowledgeable and helpful in helping me choose my contacts and glasses.  They also have a wide variety of frames to choose from.  I will recommend them to everyone!!\
1 The app says no appointment needed but when I walked in that's the first thing they ask. They were saying they were busy but the people in the back didn't have anything just talking about last night. Well I wish them luck because I know I won't be coming back hope no one else has this experience.
5 Dr. Kelli Smith answered all of my questions and was very thorough with my general visit. It took me a while to pick out my frames, but they were very patient and worked with my needs! I recommend this office for everyone living in the Spring Valley region :)
