5 I own a female and a male Shih-tzu and have been bringing them to Lilac for about 41/2 years.  Prior to finding Lilac, my female shih-tzu had been treated so mean and cruel by a couple of different mobile groomers, that when we began using Lilac I had to give her doggie valum.  After a couple of groomings Lilac had gained such trust in my dog, that we began weening her off of the valum, and my female today, now wags her tail whenever we go to see Lilac.  Simply Amazing!!  Lilac has been grooming my male shih-tzu since he was a puppy, and she has showed him such care and love that even when I bathe him at home he's a good boy.  I always know that when I pick my pets up from Elite Grooming Boutique they're going to be clean with the perfect cut that I asked for.   Elite Grooming Boutique is brand new, modern, clean and friendly.  The shop is conveniently located for those that live in Southern Highlands, Mountains Edge, Nevada Trails, & Coronado Ranch as well as many other SW areas.  Elite Grooming Boutique comes with my highest recommendation, and I can assure you that the amount of kindness and professionalism shown by both Blair and Lilac will have you telling all of your friends and family about them.  My family is truly grateful to have Blair, Lilac, and Elite Grooming Boutique in our lives!
5 My pups and I love this place..It's brand new,very clean and the staff is amazing.They also have a great selection on holistic dog food.Lilac is an amazing groomer she does my dogs mohawk and he gets so many compliments.They are also LGBT friendly which makes me feel right at home.Overall out of all the groom hers I've been to I would recommend this place !!
1 I hate to leave bad review on new business n Blair was super nice n I really thought I finally found the groomer that's close to me cz it seems like all the good groomers are in henderson area..when I picked up my dogs from here they looked just clean n everything but, when I came home I noticed that one of my dog's eye was red n watery. My bf said it was probably just water n shampoo got into it n the redness will go away n it's been 3days gone by n it's still red n swollen. so I took closer look at it today n i found tiny cut on the corner of her eye!!! so I'm gonna have to make an appointment on Monday to check on her eye to make sure she doesn't have any scratch or infection on her eye ball or something :( I already paid over $120 for grooming n now I'm gonna have to spend more $$$ n who knows how much it'll cost me..I just wish they would've told me if there was any accident n explain to me other than trying to cover it up n hoping the owner will never notice anything that's kinda shady to me..I'm sorry but, my baby's safety comes first n I feel so bad my baby girl had to go through this pain in strange place!!!
2 I brought in two cats to get groomed today, they were extremely nice, fast to book, however when I got home I noticed a huge amount on them and they weren't finished drying. I expected one of the cats to still have shedding, however the other cat  gets groomed regularly. I noticed that they were using furminstors which I have been told isn't good for cats because it just pulls out more hair. I got home and brushed my normally groomed cat and I've never seen her so bad. I think they just pulled out the hair without trying to brush it out. I'm unfortunately disappointed. I will be going back to Petsmart. They did have a challenge with the other cat however because of the amount of hair. She looked like a different cat when finished. However in the past taking my other cat to get groomed I can pet her without getting lumps of hair or not seeing loose hair.
5 Our dogs were in desperate need of grooming!  We have a newborn and a 2 year old, so we've been neglecting the puppies a little bit.  Elite grooming told us to bring them in and they'd take care of everything.  We dropped off the puppies around 1030am and by 2pm we had a phone call that both were all done.  These dogs went from bushy, dread-locked hair to short, shaved and clean!!!  The staff is super friendly and even explained to us what we could do to keep our pups on a regular grooming schedule so things wouldn't get out of control.  And they pointed out a possible ear infection on one of them so we could check it out at the vet.  The dog treats at the register are the perfect end to the grooming day too!  The dogs havent stopped eating them since we got home.
5 I brought my 13 yr old Yorkie Bimmer here. He is not a very easy dog to groom at all. He is very nervous and has a bad collapsing trachea.  Lilac did such a great job on Bimmer, gave him breaks when needed so he would remain calm. I will definitely be back as knowing that my Bimmer is in good hands with Lilac.
5 I wasn't happy with the results or the increased prices at the Southern Highlands groomer I had been going to so I thought I would  try Elite for my long coated toy Yorkie.  So happy I did!  She listened to what I wanted  and gave my guy a great grooming at a reasonable price.  I am definitely coming back!!!!
5 Staff was very friendly and took care of my furry, little dog. Groomed exactly how I asked. Finished off with a cute little bandana. I believe it was Jaime.. Awesome job!
5 i absolutley love this place!  I have 2 cavalier king charles spaniels and they do an amazing job with them.  We get there hair cut short and each time we take them we are so happy with there work. My dogs love going there too.  They get excited to go.  The groomers are great with the dogs.  A plus for me is that they are not caged up for the whole time they are there.
5 My dog Copper has been to Elite 3 or 4 times now. I try to wait that long before writing a review so that I can give an honest review of consistent service. With that said I HIGHLY recommend Elite Grooming. Lilac has always done a fantastic job and I know that my dog loves it there. They don't have to drag him to the back like they did at previous groomers (including both big box pet stores and smaller ones). He is very happy when I arrive and not in a hurry to leave- rather he wants to stay and run around a bit more. I have no complaints at all- Copper is always groomed perfectly and the price is very reasonable!
5 My puppy is scared of haircuts and showers.  He'll twist around and scratch when I'm grooming at home.  That's why I wanted to take him to a professional.  Elite Grooming Boutique honored the coupon from Yelp and it ended up being $22.50 for cut, shower, conditioning, nail trimming, teeth and ear cleaning, expressing anal glands and a little scarf at the end.  Lilac did a great job!  She took time to ask about his personality before grooming so that she could accommodate for his needs.  He came out looking cute as ever :)   The place is a little difficult to find because the sign above says "NOW OPEN," but you can find their signs on the windows of the shop.  It's located on the NW corner of Rainbow and Robindale.
1 We will never take our dog here again! We scheduled an appointment and dropped her off on time. We called 2 1/2 hours later because we hadn't heard anything from them and we were told they had not even started yet! When she was finally done (4 hours after original appt.) the cut was FAR from worth the wait. The groomer was very rude and we didn't get any sort of apology for the wait. NEVER AGAIN!!
5 I have a St. Bernard , Stella, and I went to Elite's shop to have her groomed.  I have tried a couple of groomers in the past and even took Stella to PetCo for grooming before.  They seemed to not be very personable and were just doing a "job."  Maybe I am just picky with my dog, but I like people to be gentle with her.  Lilac was not only professional and did a great job grooming Stella, but she talked to her and made her comfortable.   I will definitely be back!  Elite Grooming does a GREAT job and I love to support small, quality businesses whenever I get the chance.
5 Took my mini schnauzer to get groomed and they did a great job!
5 First time here, brought my cats for lion cuts and a baths. The groomer is very nice and has two decades of experience with cats alone. She did a marvelous job! $65 for a haircut and a bath, I think it's $50/55 for just the haircut. Anywhere else the starting price for just a cut is $80. So happy I found this place!
5 Unbelievable experience!  I haven't been this happy in a while. My dogs Mohawk is PERFECT!  His whole cut is even and flawless. He was still happy when we left too. So I know he enjoyed playing with the other dogs too. Thank you ladies so much for taking care of my baby and making him look like the rockstar I believe he is. Cooper will be back!!
5 I brought my cocker and poodle in for a full service groom! I was soooo happy when I picked them up! They looked awesome, smelled wonderful and my poodle surprised me with a Mohawk! The staff is always friendly and professional.
5 Our Yorkie puppy's first grooming!  He was handled with care and patients...and his cut turned out great!  (See photo)
2 Went in for self service and was told I needed shot records, next time I came in they said they were busy and to come back later, 3rd time in and no shot records were requested and the employee seemed annoyed. There is only 1 tub for self service and no ramp so hopefully you have a small dog (I don't).  Will not be going back.
5 This was such a pleasant experience.  The owner is so very thoughtful and loving to the dogs.  I have a very arthritic and allergic large dog.  For the first time in a couple of years she came home from a grooming happy and beautiful.  My neurotic other pooch looked great too. Thank you.
5 Moved recently, and was looking for a groomer in the SW area. I came across Elite Grooming Boutique, and it has been my dogs groomer ever since. They are great with your pet, and always great service and warm welcome. They provide awesome grooming, and always leave my dog looking fresh and fabulous!! Thank You!
1 UPDATE: took my dog to aloha vet and they found that Elite grooming has SEVERELY DAMAGED my dog's anal glads. & I guessed right they gave him very bad razor burns. The vet from Aloha stated that they will no longer be recommending this location!    Heard about Elite from the vet so I of course check out the reviews on Yelp. They obviously have great reviews which made me feel very confident that I could trust them with my dog. Well I thought WRONG.   Since bringing my dog in he has not been the same at all!! He seems as if he is in pure pain! His butt are and private parts were completely shaved which has made the areas REALLY RED. It's as if my dog is suffering from some major razor burn! Yes, his hair cut is cute BUT they did a little too much on his private area. I have taken my pets to groomers before and this has never happened. So with that being said we will not be back.
1 PET OWNERS BEWARE   As you can all see the owner has responded.. Let me just say this DO NOT DOWN PLAY this situation with saying that I may have reviewed the wrong place. My dog was brought into the right location! You or one of your employees harmed an innocent dog end of story!
2 Great staff very pleasant but I was dissatisfied with my dogs cut it was patchy, long strands on paw back of neck along with the ears. When I first saw diva I was just so surprised to see her with short hair I didn't examine it until I got home. I also was concerned with they told me one of my dogs peed on themselves while being on the table as I have been to several grooming places n everyone has always said how easy it was to clean them so I was wondering why my dog was scared. if the woman who I believe to be the owner wasn't as nice I would be giving a 1star. So I am on the hunt yet again for a groomers for my pooches
5 I brought my dog here for a nail trim. He's pretty much a nervous wreck when it comes to anything related to grooming. The woman who did the nail trim clearly loved dogs and was really nice and gentle with him. The environment wasn't stressful and chaotic as I've observed at some other groomers. The dogs all seemed happy and I wouldn't hesitate to bring him back for a full grooming next time he needs it.
5 They were cool, cat came back happy, fair price...
2 After two prior good experiences at Elite today did not go well.  Made an appointment and dropped my dog off at 1:00.  They took over 5 hours to finish....just a bath and tidy.  Not sure what they were doing all day but it shouldn't take over 5 hours to groom a dog especially when you have an appointment. Probably won't be going back.
5 This place is the best. Lilac has been taking care of my boys for over 5 years now, even before Elite Grooming. It's great that she has her own place now. She's really good with my dogs and is flexible with scheduling. I prefer using local business --  I think that pets get better get better care and attention in an intimate environment. And they're LGBT friendly.
5 I've bounced around with groomers for the last 6 years trying to find one that I was truly happy with to care for my yorkie Ginger. I happened to drive by and see Elite Grooming when they opened. What a blessing they have been! Ginger always looks and smells great after her grooming. I love that everything is open and you can see the dogs being groomed. I like that the owner brings her dogs to work and shows a true love of animals; the customer service can't be beat! The price is very fair and not inflated like some of the other boutique pet stores in town. Will continue bringing Ginger here for her grooming needs!
5 I had a great experience today. This was my shitzu 2nd time at the groomers. He did very good and was looking so cute when I picked him up! Will definitely be back!  Thanks ladies you did a great job!!--jax "jojo"
5 My little chorkie is very scared of everything  mean really scared, he's been to a trainer but that's just how he is. When he gets really scared he even has sezuires. Poor guy. I never had his hair cut because the trainer advised me he would probably been to scared. A year later I decided he needed a cut because I was sick of people calling my cutie ugly. I toke him here and they toke there time with him to make sure to get it done right. I was surprised how much extra time she devoted to him. He seemed like a happy camper when I went to pick him up, I'm happy I toke him here to people that toke care of him!
1 I agree with Jamie C. BEWARE!!! My dog was brought  in here, now has a cut on her ear. I spoke with the owner about  this her exact words were "this type of thing happens all the time in all groomer shops" No! Just yours! staff also very unprofessional
5 I bring my fosters with Foreclosed Upon Pets, Inc to Elite Grooming Boutique and they always do a wonderful job.  The dogs I get are often matted and have not been groomed in a long time.  I cannot say enough about Lilac and her staff!!
1 Wasted my time while my cat sat in his crate for 3 hours.  I called to drop off my cat before work, so I confirmed he would be done by a certain time. When I came to get him, they hadn't even started, & when I asked why he wasn't ready...the girl replied "nobody told me"...like not her problem. Thank you for wasting time, driving back n forth across town for nothing before my workday, plus you know how cats love car rides. I won't be returning.
1 They Knicked my goldendoodle's nose with their shaver. Red scratch took 2 weeks to heal. Won't be back.
5 Love this boutique.. They are great!! My Gigi and Oliver absolutely love coming here. They treat my dogs with loving care and a great with the grooming. My dog knows we're taking her to the groomers and literally runs to the front door and is super excited about going to the groomers. The staff is excellent and very friendly, whether it's a quick hi and bye or a little conversation. I would definitely recommend Elite Grooming to anyone needing a great groomer..
3 I've never had my cat groomed before so I have no reference for the experience. I made an appointment for 1130. the staff was courteous & store appeared clean. I was pleased to see they had an area set aside for photos, staff informed me that a professional pet photographer visits monthly. my disappointment came after I left, at 130 nobody had called me & I was tired of waiting around so I went back to check the status. They hadn't even started yet! needless to say I was frustrated. what's the point of making an appointment? When they were finally finished the cat looked amazing & didn't seem at all traumatized. Overall I was pleased with the service & the price (we received a military discount) but frustrated it took so long.
5 been coming here for over a year now since I rescued my little furball bridget. as someone else remarked, my dog knows when we pull in the parking lot that she is getting her spa day , and at all of 10 pounds, pulls me to the door. lilac and staff always do a great job. sometimes they are crowded and it may take longer than expected but that just shows how many people like this place. and my little bridget gets a chance to socialize with all her little friends. highly recommend.
5 Great dog grooming service. Lilac did a fantastic job on my cocker spaniel. Not the fastest or the cheapest but certainly one of the best pet groomers in Vegas!
