2 There is something that is just so luxurious and relaxing about getting a pedicure. It's the best way I can think of to treat myself a splurge. With that being said, it is important I get a good pedicure for the time and money I'm spending.   This place was not worth it and I wouldn't recommend it or go back. The only reason I gave it two star was because they had mini water bottles for clients and the shop was pretty clean with a good selection of colors (good brands too).   Things that I didn't like...  1. They kept me waiting in the chair a good few minutes before they started, meanwhile the water got cold.  2. The pedicure seemed extremely hurried - the whole point of a pedi is to be relaxed!  3. Virtually no massage. 4. They didn't really dig into my toes and get rid of the hard areas or clean up the cuticles as much as I wouldn't have liked. 5. There is nail polish on my skin around the nail.  Overall, this shop appeared to be inattentive and lacked quality in their work.   Find some place else!!
5 Found this place by accident and thank goodness I found it. I really needed a ped & mani. They took me right away and gave me some good advice about how to remove gel color. The person who did my ped was very quite, but he took his time massage my legs. Felt so good!! The cost is fairly reasonable. $50 incl ped & mani, hot stone massage on my legs and gel color for my fingers. I will definite drop by next time I'm in town.
4 I love this place! Everyone is so nice and they have always done a great job making my nails look fabulous. They also have a bunch of gel colors to pick from. I will keep going back as long as they continue to do a great job.
4 I really like this place because it's close to my house and they are always super nice.  They always do a great job on my nails and pedi as well, so that's a plus.
1 Had my phone in my lap after my manicure and pedicure were drying. Manicurist grabbed my arm for some reason, knocking my phone into the water bath. Didn't apologize. Put it in the dryer, said I should have opted for gel nails instead. Now my 500.00 phone is broken and I still just paid 45.00 for a subpar manicure (and lovely pedicure.)  I can honestly say that's the most I've ever spent on a manicure/pedicure. No offer to take charges off, no apologies, just "put it in rice when you get home!" as though it was my bad for having my phone on me AFTER MY STUFF WAS COMPLETED.
5 This place is amazing!  I know the new owner Jessica (this place is under new management) and I've been going to her FAITHFULLY for five years. I followed her from her old location. I will not go to anyone else!  She is truly a master of her craft and a real professional. Jessica and her staff are polite and accommodating.  The while place has been updated and revamped to make it more modern. Love. :)
5 I just moved around the corner from Nevada Nails & Spa from Texas and I was looking for a quick mani/pedi before I started training for work. I was lucky because I just walked in and Yen was available. I instantly fell in love with her and I got so much more then that. Although I was tired from my move we talked the entire time and she made me feel right at home.   The nail salon is clean, the chairs are nice and comfy and the prices are very affordable.  Today when I called last minute Yen said she could take me and thank God she did because I needed someone to turn my day around and she was so sweet and allowed me to just sit back and relax. She also helped me pick out my colors and I can't stop showing them off to boyfriend, I love the PINK! Thank you Yen, I cannot say enough amazing things about you, I wish you and your family all the blessings in the world and I can't wait to come back and see you in a few weeks.
5 Went with my girlfriend to check out this shop, cause my girlfriend have been brad about this place to me for months. OMG.... When I walked in I thought that I was in a large hotel. It is beautiful!!  Very open and clean. Staff are so friendly, especially Jessica, she also told me that they are new management. Their prices were very reasonable on nails so I took up her offer for $20 pedicure. It is so hard to find a nail and spa that's clean and staff that 's welcome you as you walked in. Nice job!
5 I love this place and am a regular!  Everyone is so friendly and I do not have a favorite nail technician because everyone dose such a great job!  I have my nails done every two weeks (gels) and I love the selection of colors, I am that person that just can decide.  Also, my nails have become healthier and stronger because of the care from the techs.
5 It's very clean, cute, and very friendly not stuck up like other places, if u decide to get ur nails done last minute go here it's great very particular with their work which I like, they take there time n make sure everything is good - goin off my experience there. First impressions are always a big deal and they were great with me
4 My experiences here have been good. I like that the nail techs that worked on me where skilled, fast, spoke English, and were patient with my nit pickiness.  They have a very large selection of gel polishes , so many to choose from!    I was greeted With a warm welcome and asked if I would like something to drink. That's definitely rare for most nail salons .   My fave thing about this place : if there are available nail techs, you can get your Hands and feet done at the same time . (For some reason I don't think that's as common in Vegas as it is on LA)
5 I have been seeing Jessica at Nevada Nails for years now and followed her to this new spot (under new management) from another salon she worked at in the past. She always does an excellent job on my manis / pedis where a time rarely goes by that I don't get complimented on how they look from friends, family and sometimes complete strangers!  I highly recommend the gel manicure and/or pedicure from here. There is a plentiful amount of colors to choose from that last for weeks at a time, so you really get your money's worth!   The staff is always super friendly, professional and patient even if you are super picky (like myself). As for the environment, they've recently updated their decor, making the place really stand out. Comfy massage chairs, cleanliness, staff that feels like family and superior customer service--what more could you ask for?
4 I have followed my manicurist Jessica to this nail salon.   Jessica is  very professional and always does an excellent  job on my nails.  This salon is clean and hygienic.   The staff is warm and friendly.   I highly recommend this place.
5 First off the interior is beautiful, modern & clean. My friend & I didn't have appointments & they still took us right away. Michelle did my nails quick & perfectly & even got me a water! She was so sweet & genuinely seemed interested in my day so it was a pleasure talking with her. I'm only visiting so I'm sad I most likely won't be coming back but I definitely recommend.
5 I love this place! My nails always look fantastic and they have the best pedicure options in town. The nail techs are all awesome and I always feel very comfortable.
5 Favorite place to get my nails and toes done! Absolute best nail techs in Vegas and the best pedicure options around. Make sure you stop in here if you need to feel pampered!
5 Loved my experience at Nevada Nails! Diem did a great job on my nails and was so nice and personable. Definitely made a mani/pedi even more enjoyable. I loved how many colors they had to choose from - lots of regular polish colors and hundreds of gel colors, including Rockstar. They have a special right now for a gel mani/reg pedi for $45, which is a great price. I can't wait to go back and be pampered again!
5 This nail salon was so nice and clean. Even though there was a 15 minute wait it was well worth it. The nail technician took his time and really cared  about the presentation :)
4 Very cute and girly place! The decor and lighting really makes the place inviting. Not to mention the staff is really friendly and approachable. This is my second time going here and I might have to switch my regular nail spot to this amazing gem! This is the kind of palace I always envisioned how a nail salon should look like. Also the pedi & gel mani deal for $45 is not one to pass up!
5 You know how "they" say a happy client will send you their friends?  I have sent my friends, coworkers, family and clients to see Jessica and her staff.  After getting compliment upon compliment every time Jessica does a fill, I thought it would be a good time to yelp!    The nail salon is clean, bright and updated with new equipment.  The staff is happy and friendly and always greets me by name when I go in.   The location is convenient to my home and at the corner of a major intersection, making it even more convenient.
1 Broke a nail on the plane as usual and used yelp to find this shop. Walked in and it was empty. No one waiting and I told the last I needed a nail fixed (would have taken maybe  10 mins at most). Was them told they don't have anyone to helps. They are all booked for the night. It's 4pm. I find it hard to believe they were booked. Oh well on to the next
5 I'd been trying to find a new salon for about 6 months. I yelped one close to my office. I read the reviews and thought I'd give them a try. I'm so glad I stopped in!  They were just about to get the evening rush!  Patrick was great!  We had a fabulous conversation and every staff member was so nice. I definitely found my new place! Thanks guys...see you in a couple weeks!
5 This has become my new regular salon, as it is close to my new apartment.  The staff takes their time and is thorough. I've gone in for gels, pedis, and eyebrow waxes, and every time I leave there happy.  The prices are reasonable, and I've never had a bad experience.
5 Get the deluxe pedicure and ask for Jessica! She's the doctor!! All the girls are nice & friendly here!
5 They do an excellent job with attention to detail. Great quality work. Laura did an excellent job doing my gel manicure & Michael did an excellent job with my pedicure. They really take their time & I will definitely return. All staff are very friendly.
1 I did not like this place at all. First of all, I made an appointment and I came a little bit early. 15-20 mins early, I didn't asked to be serviced right then and there I sat down in the waiting area and one of the ladies approached me saying they were not taking walk-ins anymore. I told her I was not a walk-in and that I had made an appointment. She looked confused and proceeded to sit me down in the next open station. After the tech started my nails the first thing she said was 'next time don't come so early"... a 'hello..' would have been nice. Rude!!.. I did not like my experience AT ALL. The lady was very quiet, hardly spoke a word and all she did was talk/gossip with her colleagues in her native language, she was not engaging at all and to make things worse she hurt me when shaping one of my nail beds... OUCH! I will never come back to this place, they get annoyed if you come early to your appointment and they are not friendly. Do not recommend.
5 I'm very loyal to my nail technician, Lily and followed her to this salon recently.  Hands down impressed.  The decor is beautiful, energy is relaxing and everyone is very friendly.  The salon is very clean, colors are bright and have a plethora of regular colors and gel colors to choose from.    I highly recommend Lily!!! She works with a pristine eye to detail and I've never not been happy with her.  My nails are Pink & Whites with a gel overlay with fading glitter.  She came up with the design because I wanted to still keep it simple but try something new!!!   Check out this salon!! You won't be disappointed!!!
5 Love love love this salon! They're always so nice and do such an amazing job! My nails have never been healthier and the service is always so timely and affordable xoxo
5 Absolutely awesome! Lilly did my gel pedicure and Jessica did my gel nails. I will never go anywhere else.  Thanks ladies.
5 I love this place! All the nail techs are talented, friendly, and creative. They are very accommodating to all your needs. The salon is super clean and modern. The hardest part of my visits it choosing the gel color! They have so many. I am never let down with the way my nails look. Every visit is fun and relaxing.
5 Great service! Everyone was extremely friendly, one thing I really appreciated is that they aren't speaking in another language infront of the customers. Will return my new spot!
5 I would definitely come back here. Very friendly staff and pleasant environment. Came here due to reading other yelp reviews. Friends and I were visiting Vegas and needed to get a manicure and pedicures done. Glad we stop here. We all feel refresh and clean.
5 I stumbled into Nevada Nail Salon after trying out Bachi Burger because I had a nail emergency. My previous nail tech had been drilling my gels off and my nails were so awfully brittle and thin, and I needed a new nail expert...fast! Lily took me on as one of her clients and we are nursing my nails back to their health!   Lily is a meticulous technician and doesn't let you leave your seat unless you are happy with your nails. They take walk ins, but I recommend calling ahead and booking with Lily!  They have so many choices of color, it can be overwhelming! You can always ask Lily to recommend a color or accent to your polish if you're unsure, she's got great taste!
5 My new salon. Two visits in. Clean, nice people, easy parking & walk in no problem. Plus they do great nail designs.
5 This salon is very friendly. I just walked in without an appointment and they took me right in. Price seems a little high. It was 55 and I got a French mani and pedi. Plus I tipped a little too. So not something to get done every day but worth it if you wanna treat yourself.
5 This is the most reasonably priced nail place. Not only is it priced well but they do a great job. Patrick was so friendly and easy to talk to. They have so many colors to choose from, gel and regular. Nevada nails treats their customers so well and they even have a punch card for their loyal customers. I will be making this place my regular nail salon and bringing my mom with me too.
4 Went here today for the first time, and I will absolutely be going back!   I showed up without an appointment and they were happy to take me, I had to wait a lil bit which I didn't mind since I didn't have an appointment, and the wait was worth it! Great customer service and just a great group of people! Great experience! Patrick did such a great job on my gel mani/pedi!
5 I really like this place a lot. I went to the nail place across the street for awhile until I found them. Great facilities, nice staff and very reasonable!
5 My first visit was a very enjoyable one.  Lily did a superb job on my gel nails.  Everyone was friendly and made me feel very welcomed.
5 After months of searching, I have found a truly beautiful place to get my nails done! I have been through many awful to mediocre nail salons in the past 6 months and now, finally, I can breathe a sign of relief. I actually decided to go to Nevada Nails after reading the reviews here on YELP. I went in for a new set of white tip nails with a Chanel charm and I absolutely love them! Diem, is the name of the lovely lady who make them so pretty. I would highly recommend her. All of the staff at the salon were very friendly. I also must say, it is the cleanest, most elegant salon I have been in. I felt completely comfortable. If you want a really wonderful experience, do yourself a favor and please make an appointment at Nevada Nails!
5 Impromptu girls weekend pedicure trip! Very accommodating (several of us requested last minute manicures and they were able to squeeze us in) fantastic staff (super friendly), and just all around a great stop. Highly recommend!
