1 Pei Wei is adding a new concept to their lineup - "Pei Wei Asian Market". The menu has removed all the soups and most of the noodle dishes. Portions have been reduced and sandwiches have been added to the menu.   The good news - the decor and the layout are quite nice.   The bad news - I just really don't get it. It is like Pei Wei with a few odd items and higher prices. The portions and prices have been reduced, but seems to be more expensive. Also, they have removed the kids menu.
1 The portions are too small, the plasticware just reminds me of Jack In The Box, the serving tray is right from a mall food court, and the menu selection is drastically reduced.  You can't really enjoy conversation or relax at lunch listening to the kitchen scream out order numbers to the customers.  The flavor mixing softdrink machine is fun, but gimmicky.  The food quality and flavor are the same for the most part, but you do leave wanting more...  I won't be returning to this location.
2 OK,..I am the biggest Pei Wei fan you know,..I promise! But aside from the decor, PW Asian Market is a HUGE downgrade from PW Asian Diner.  Negatives: -100% of food now served in boxes? What the? You can't wash a dish, or real utensils?  - Portion sizes,..easily 1/2 of what they once were, price only slightly less. :-( - Call out your number to pick up your food? Really? Whose idea was that? Nothing says "hospitality" like getting your number yelled out at you and dashing to pick up your food and then dashing back to your table. - Asian Sandwiches? Again,.. where did line form asking for "Somebody please bring us Asian Sandwiches"? They lack taste and are served on "bread" the consistency and taste of cardboard, swing and a BIG miss!  Positives: The surviving six dishes from the Diner model are still awesome,. just served in micro-portions, get two they're small!  I want my old school Pei Wei back!   PS - P. Fleming, did you think to ask any "customers" about your new ideas?  Lost without my Pei Wei,....
1 Notice the word "market" over the door, it is NOT a good thing. My family was thoroughly disappointed in the quality of food that was served. The portions were smaller, the lettuce wraps tasted like burnt oil, the king pao chicken was mystery meat that included something pointy. This is decidedly NOT pei wei junior, it is much lower on the quality scale.
5 I found myself at Pei Wei TWICE in the last 10 days! I normally don't like going to eat much but I couldn't resist after hair their ginger broccoli chicken dish last week. This review isn't really about the food but I love that you can now order sauces on the side and add extra veggies.   I wanted to give a shoutout to JayJay ( I'm not sure if that's his real name as I asked another employee and she said she didnt know his name but everyone calls him JayJay - super short hair and glasses). He was our cashier and super knowledgeable about the everything on the menu. My husband and I asked a lot of questions about sauces, the chicken wrap and so many others. He was super patient!   And then we came in again tonight (Tuesday) and I didn't catch her name but she's brunette with a long pony tail and has a tattoo covering her right forearm. I asked her questions about my honey chicken and vegetables and how it was such a small amount compared to last time and she offered to bring more vegetables. What a way to make someone's dining experience even better. Thank you for being so friendly !
