5 This place just opened today, and doesn't even have a phone yet. So tonight things were a bit hectic, but service was good. I got a naked burrito (similar concept to Chipotle's Burrito Bowl) and it was pretty good. I like that Qdoba has more choices for toppings than Chipotle. I think it'll take a few visits for me to fine-tune the ingredients that I order, but Qdoba definitely has promise!
5 Wow, this place just opened and I'm so impressed.  I tried the Craft 2; got 3 cheese queso with chicken and a quesidilla.  The corn salsa is great and lots of others to choose from.  The staff was friendly and I can't wait to go back.  They have a great rewards program too, so check it out!
3 Went to Qdoba for the first time and it was just A-ok.  Had the naked bowl with chicken.  Serving size was ok.  They charge extra for the fajita veggies, where chipotle doesnt.  I think the only thing they have going for them is that they offer queso and do some other combinations that are a little different that Chipotle.  Next time I'll probably try the tacos, but maybe next time I'll just got back to Chipotle :)
3 I think most people in the valley are familiar with burritos so this is more of a thumbs up for this location. The main reason I come here is for the vegetarian pinto beans ( the other burrito place adds delicious pork ).  The veggie burritos are good and they aren't cheap with the guacamole.  The service lately is kind of hit or miss and they are always low on stuff.  THey are always really friendly, but they need to puck up the food prep planning a bit.
2 Mix between Taco Bell and Chipotle.
5 I am not a huge fan of 'fast food' Mexican food, but this place is different. From the moment you walk in the door you are greeted with a very hearty hello and welcome. There hasn't been a time that I have been in here that they haven't offered to let me try something before I decide.  All their items are fresh and made in the local stores. (other than the tortillas) and it tastes like it.    The cheese sauce is the bomb and the grilled chicken will make you question trying any other of the meat choices. So far I has have the soft tacos, the nachos, the naked burro (in a bowl no tortilla) and each one is as good as the last.  My best fried goes for the burrito and even as a big eater this kicks his rear.    Great food, good value, a really nice place to kick back, eat and relax.
1 Food was okay but staff was unfriendly. Order a kids meal and was charged for a regular meal. When I mentioned that I order a kids meal the cashier looked at me and asked "Are you sure?" Horrible experience.
1 Horrible experience.  Contrary to others' reviews, I was not greeted at all when I walked in.  When I ordered chicken nachos to go, this confused them to no end as if I was the first person to ever to have ordered nachos to go, even calling the manager over.  The manager was impatient, unfriendly and unapologetic when I asked if there was a problem.  I walked out before my order was complete, as I will not reward a business for poor customer service.  There are too many other options.  I hope your experience is better, I won't be back.
4 Awesome Friendly Staff  Fast, Reliable Service  Reasonably Priced Healthy Options  The only downfall I have is the stinginess in the portion sizes of the chicken and steak, so make sure you clarify that you are getting the right amount of meat.  Aside from this one drawback this place is great.
5 Good food. great service.
4 Obviously, this place is very similar to Chipotle but in regards to flavor this place slightly edges out Chipotle for me. For one, you can order nachos with an actual 3 cheese queso as opposed to just grated cheese at Chipotle. Also, when you get a salad here it comes in a tortilla bowl score! The service at this location can be spotty at times but bear with them because the food is worth the wait. Also, this location gives out $6 meal coupons on the back of Safeway receipts ( the meal coupon  includes any entrée and a drink for only $6 buck, can't beat that with a stick!). The actual dining area is okay, but again their service needs work so sometimes you will see dirty tables. Overall, I'd say find the coupons, use them and get your food to-go, BOOM!
1 Terrible experience. I have been to Qdoba before and have always had fast, friendly service and decent meals. We recently moved to the Ahwatukee area and decided to stop in at this location for a quick dinner. It was not busy, there was one other couple in front of us in line. Standing in line I noticed a large pile of chicken sitting to the side of the grill with flies buzzing around it and quickly decided I would try the steak instead.  I do not know if they were running out of inventory or if the staff was just being lazy but never in my life have I seen such embarrassing sized portions from any Qdoba. My favorite part of Qdoba has always been eating half and saving half for later, this time none of it was worth saving.  As we watched our food being made we knew something was not right, so I politely asked why the portions seemed to be much (MUCH) smaller than what we were used to. The girl making our burritos literally rolled her eyes, laughed and offered extra meat for an extra charge. I did not want extra meat, I wanted the same size bowl I was used to getting. We declined, and she seemingly pawned us off on the other girl working.  As we approached the register we asked another employee (possibly the manager), why the portions seemed to be half of what we are normally used to getting at Qdoba.  She seemed nervous, but assured us the portion sizes were correct. After our 2 minute car trip home and opening our bag of food we realized this $18 meal would definitely not satisfy our hunger. To top it off, the steak tasted like it had been soaked in some type of oil, and everything was completely cold! Not  even lukewarm, cold. I hate to complain, but after this past visit we will not be returning to Qdoba.   I have attached a picture of the food we received (next to an 8oz bottle of vitamins for comparison) for viewers to see how small the burrito actually is.
2 I always come in here hoping for a better experience than the last, but they always disappoint. Yes the food is good but the service is terrible. The staff is never friendly and they make you feel like you are bothering THEM by ordering a meal. I've never had a positive friendly experience in this location, which is sad, because that's what keeps me away.
2 Never have I ever been so disappointed at a Qdoba. I live right behind this location and I've come many times before. It's never been the fastest and I've never seen more than two people in the front, but today is just ridiculous. It's never been that busy that I've had to wait that long for my food anyways, and I've never been in a hurry so I never minded that it's not the fastest. I am standing in line and I haven't even ordered my food yet, which I only came for chips and Queso - As soon as I walked in I was surprised to see the line so long it curved around, 14 people in line - one person at the front making the food and ringing up the order. What the hell? It's noon, why do you only have one person at the front counter? There is a gentleman coming back and forth to put the steak and chicken on the grill, but that's it. Three people have left in the time I've taken to write this review. Im giving two stars because the food has always been the fantastic Qdoba I love, and I am one of the few Qdoba advocates I know down here - I hate Chipotle. But there is NO excuse for only having one person at the front over the noon hour.
1 Decided to walk to grab some lunch since I live right behind this Qdoba, left my apartment at 10:55 ensuring I would be there after the 11:00 am open time. Got to Qdoba at 11:05, and it hadn't been open yet. There was another lady already waiting before I got there and I could see the lady inside running around getting things ready, I know she saw both of us waiting. They unlocked the doors around 11:12, no acknowledgment to me or the other customer or any apologies on opening late, us having to wait, etc. I wasn't even asked what I wanted to order or anything the lady behind the counter just looked at me and waited for me to say something. She continued to talk to the staff person in back while she did my order. I'm done with this location, the huge lack of customer service is such a turn off. I rather drive a half hour out of my way then come here again.
1 My buddy and I both got food poisoning after eating here, enough said
5 Deleted
