5 I came here for a wax appointment, and was not disappointed!  Cami was professional and made sure that I was comfortable at all times.  Such a service can make a person feel or nervous, but coming here will make you feel right at home and done by a person who knows what they are doing.  The type of wax that she uses is different than the traditional warm wax which makes the waxing process faster.  I would definitely recommend visiting Cami for any of your waxing needs!
5 I bought a grouponnow deal for a Brazilian wax with Cami when my other wax lady had to cancel last minute. That was the best thing that has ever happened to me!!! I LOVE Cami and the wax she uses. She uses a hard wax so no strips are needed. It wasn't as painful as a traditional wax and she took her time to make sure it was perfect. She was so nice and made me relaxed. I already made my appointment for the next one!
5 If this had been my first Brazilian experience instead of my 2nd, I wouldn't have been so scared. I was definitely more comfortable this time around, especially after knowing the type of wax that's used. It's warm wax that molds it's self to all the little nooks and crannies and can be taken off with ease without the use of strips. It is a HUGE plus! With in 20 mins my pitts and bikini area was hair free. There's a great deal going on that can't be passed up, buy 3 waxes & get 1 free for $120. You pay the first time you use this deal and she will keep tally of your visits. I highly recommend this place.
5 I thought I would miss my waxer in Atlanta but Cami took good care of me. Great service and the experience was great. Awesome product used and i felt very smooth with mininmal pain.
5 Cami is wonderful had my hair cut and eyebrows waxed priced well and very good at what she doses.
5 Cami is AWESOME! Super fast and incredibly thorough! And of course thorough is what you want when getting a brazilian! :) Cami has seen it all and waxed it all and knows what she's doing. She was able to schedule me on short notice and accommodate a change in my schedule when I needed to move the appointment time. The studio is smaller than I expected - just one room - but it's clean and she locks the door so there is privacy. I would absolutely go back to see Cami again next time I'm in town. Thanks, Cami!!
5 Cami is my favorite waxer (wax aesthetician?)! I live in San Francisco (but visit Phoenix for family) and have been trying to find someone local to me for ages - I've tried all the best of yelp and am not happy. But Cami is SO GREAT! She is incredibly fast and pretty painless (as painless as a brazilian can get, anyway), VERY thorough, and my favorite part - no redness or irritation afterwards! No ingrown hairs, no soreness, no bumps. I wish Cami would move to SF!!   Oh - she did just move to a new location that is much nicer and fancier and way more spacious.   Cami gets an A+ from me - go see her!! :D
5 Wow - that was the best eyebrow wax EVER!  Cami was so meticulous and the wax she uses doesn't hurt at all!
5 After moving across the country a few weeks ago, I realized it was time to take care of myself again instead of just unpacking boxes. Infinite Beauty is just 2 blocks away & besides being convenient, Cami the owner is sweet as can be, does an amazing job at waxing, & her techniques help make the experience as painless as (I can imagine waxing being) possible!
