5 Rented car for 5 days. When I returned it was asked if everything was ok. Said yes but had long wait when I picked up the car.  They took 10 percent off bill and woman that checked out the car found my credit card case with all my credit cards and gave it back.  These people are fantastic. If you rent a car use Enterprise at this location.  They are the Best!!!
5 Friendly service.  Good prices and nice cars.
4 I decided to rent a car instead of driving my car to California since I had a little maintenance issue that I didn't have time to fix before my trip. I asked for Sirius Radio and they said no problem over the phone. But Sirius Radio was nowhere to be found when I rented my car. So that's the only negative from my rental experience.  The counter people were otherwise helpful and got me on my way. The car performed really well, but quite frankly I'm not used to the 6 cylinder cars anymore. I prefer more giddy up when on the race tracks like the California 405 Freeway.   So next time I'm going to make sure that my car is road ready.
1 So i had a car accident and my insurance provided me with a rental till my car was fixed...Went to Enterprise at this location, picked out the car, and hes explaining the contract as my wife is singing...Im all about making money but these jerks really know how to word there services. He was about to dup me into buying their insurance knowing  I have insurance because im there through my insurance. Which would of been an extra $23 a day! The rental itself is covered by my insurance. So when i would have gone to return the car, I'd have all these charges for this insurance that i didnt even need!. Thank God i caught it and my wife asked at the end, "Do we need it?". No! We have coverage!! Never again will i go here to this Enterprise. FYI: If you have your own Full coverage insurance, you dont need to purchase theirs. ALl they need to know is the insurance company, coverage and deductible. Crooks!
1 I wish I could rate this business ZERO stars.  Worst experience I've ever had at a vehicle rental company.  We were flying in from Canada and went straight to pick up our car.  We got there and were told they gave away our car because we were two hours after our reservation time (we were booked at 1030am and got there at 2pm).  Basically, the idiot behind the counter was completely indifferent and kept saying 'well, we had no way to confirm if you were still coming because we didn't have your phone number or email address', yet they were able to email us our confirmation?????   Then he went on to keep saying '20% of our reservations are no shows and we had people fighting over this reservation, what were we to do?'  The interesting thing is that there wasn't another soul in the place, yet he's making it out to sound like their cars are being fought over like a hot black Friday deal. Needless to say, I'll NEVER rent anything from Enterprise ever again.  I'll also do my best to share what a lousy company they are with anyone that will listen.  I can't believe any company can treat customers like this, so do yourself a favor and avoid this company and avoid the useless employees at this location in particular.  If you want to have a vehicle and can't guarantee you'll arrive the moment of your reservation, this is NOT the place to go.  Worst customer experience I've ever had.
1 Told my mom the wrong address, kept to themselves that they were closed at noon. Guy was rude and not helpful. Boo.
5 Okay - so I originally booked with this company to rent a car. I was expecting to venture far from my hotel after they picked me up but they had someone from a location RIGHT NEXT DOOR (Fairmont Princess) come get me! This was AWESOME of the Hayden location, so... THANK YOU!
2 I have rented from this location twice now and the first time I would have rated it either 4 or 5 stars. This time I think we will not come back. We are local and rent when family is in town, 4 or 5 times per year.  Historically we have used Budget car rental and have always had great service, free upgrades when they could do it and great customer service. I decided to try out Enterprise a few months ago because the pickup service would allow us more flexibility for scheduling. The first time we rented from here the experience was fantastic.  The car was not super clean but it was not grossly dirty either so we were fine. The customer service that time was great and that was why we came back.  We decided to use them a second time and this time was a different story. We were given a Suburban that someone had clearly moved something large in (prints on the ceiling, ect). On the way to the airport one of the air vent pieces fell out.  I called immediately and told them it happened, the gentleman who answered the phone seemed to be unconcerned and I figured it would be noted in the computer.  I was wrong.  We left the pieces in a place where they would be obvious so the person who checked in the car would see them since we had reported it and I thought they would be expecting them.  When I took the car back the young man who checked things accused me of breaking the car and then lying! He then repeated that I was not going to have to pay for it, as if that was the issue.  He did not even have the courtesy to use Ms, but used my first name as if he was scolding me.  I could not believe it. We paid $550 to be called a liar when we tried our hardest to be up front.  We could easily have stuffed it back where it was and left it at that but we decided to report the damage so they could get it fixed.  I called back, angry that I had been told I was lying and it was impossible that there was any other answer to it. I spoke to the same young man and he did apologize but basically called me a liar again and sounded unhappy he had to apologize. He offered to help with our next rental but it sounded like he just wanted me off the phone. He was not interested in solving the problem, he just wanted feel like he was right and I was wrong. The thing that I find distasteful is, if they had no intention of charging me, why say anything? Just to call me a liar? How is that good for business?  The part probably costs them 10 dollars at most and I left the car with 20 dollars more gas than when I picked it up since they don't give you a car that is a full tank, you have to guess how much you might use.   The bottom line for me is this: If I don't check every button, vent, buckle, and piece of fabric before I leave I run the risk of being called a liar if someone previous rented the car and treated it badly then tried to hide it. I'm sure it's not a common occurrence but it just shows how it is handled by management since the person who accused me of lying was a manager. I don't need that kind of stress every time I rent a car. It's not like I am borrowing a car for free, I am paying to use it and honestly, if we had broken it I would have called and told them I was planning on paying for it so they would know to order the part. There are some great people working there and if you get them you will be pleased but it is pretty off putting to pay half a grand to be called a liar and treated like shit at the end.
4 Hi  Needed to leave my brand new Jeep with the dealership.  The car kept lunging when I was at a stop light or stop sign.  I had to have a rental car to get home.  Enterprise was really great about getting me a rental car.  However, they ran out of cars the afternoon I was there and I had to wait for a car to be driven to Scottsdale.  All in all, Enterprise was very nice.  RM
