5 Best burritos and guacamole in the Valley! Excellent service!
5 This is my GO-TO place for a Paleo-style lunch or dinner that gives nice big portions, keeps everything fresh and juicy, and doesn't put much of a dent in the ol' wallet.  Favorite meal:  carnitas salad bowl with all the veggies no dairy and a lil' bit of guac  I don't know if every Chipotle is like this, but every now and then one of the employees will work the dining room and refill drinks or give a little extra service.  That's nice and they are pretty friendly when you walk in the door, too.  Even though they're mostly behind the counter.  Can't lose here!
3 Like the location since it's close to my house, but the burrito makers SUCK at wrapping my burritos. Don't they teach you how to roll burritos in training? Geez.  Every time I go here this one guy behind the counter-- for the sake of Yelp anonymity we'll call him "Freako Suave" tries to spit 'game' at me -- ew, I think I just threw up in my mouth a little. Since when do I look like I'd date a guy who works at Chipotle??!
5 Always friendly and great customer service.
5 Staff was friendly and the service was good. I really enjoy the burrito bowl when I go there. They even gave me a free meal. Not sure why.
5 This is the best Chipotle location ever! I've walked in for just a soda and more times than once, they have given it to me free of charge :) very friendly staff!
5 Never go wrong with chipotle this location is great good service and fresh products
5 We had a great experience with our "to-go" order this afternoon.  The manager, Sam, was very helpful and enthusiastic.  His store was neat and clean and the employees were friendly.  It is nice to see someone excited about the company they work for and proud of the product they serve.  Our meal was excellent too!
5 What I love about the food is I can eat veggie here and alwaya leave feeling full. There is both brown and white rice and pinto and black beans. Salad or tortilla filled bowls are always filling and you have multiple salsas to pick from.
1 I love Chipotle's food and the fact that they are hormone-free in their ingredients. But I received the worst service at this location. When the employee refilled the salad lettuce, he spilled and replaced it back in the bowl and served it onto someone's salad. My sour cream had hair in it and the cashier was not attentive to my order, which led to an overpayment. The  employees' attitudes were very careless and a majority, not all, treated their customers with little respect. Very displeased with this location.
4 "Freako Suave" still works here but their food quality has upped consistently since my last visit!
5 Eat here at lunch quite often and never had a bad experience. Chipotle is pretty much the same at every location, and that is a big win for them. I will keep coming, and I know they will keep giving me great burritos.
1 Extremely disappointing service and inconsistent quality compared to other locations.  I ordered several meals online including one gluten free and arrived at the time it was supposed to be ready. I was told three of my meals were ready but that they wait for the person picking up a GF order to arrive before preparing it. Then I was told that  they are working on it "now." Even though their excuse made no sense, I believed it wouldn't be long since it wasn't a complicated order and tried to be understanding. I waited. Then was told "Sorry for the wait.  Have a free drink while you wait". I didn't want the drink. Then I was told again that they were working on it "now" and offered a free drink. A supervisor type complimented the crew saying "good job for getting through all those orders with only a GF order" left to do, as if keeping a GF order waiting is preferred. And the food quality was inconsistent with other locations.
4 I just love Chipotle! They're always fast and the food is so consistent every single time. This location is my favorite and Dana Park in East Mesa. The staff here is super-friendly and always treats us great. That's why somebody from our office is there pretty much every day :) Thanks guys!
1 All I can say is RUDE. This location, the 2 times I have visited, has been unpleasant.  The girl in the front plays with her hair over the food, the boy at the cash register is chomping gum, and on top of it my burrito was sloppy.  The tomatoes and rice were all over the foil when I opened it to enjoy.  Horrible service as well as the way the food is handling.  One star isn't even deserved.  :(
5 Always a go to favorite! Ingredients are fresh and the restaurants are spick and span. The lines seem super long at first but no worries, you'll get through fast! I usually go basic with the chicken but all the choices look appetizing.
3 This is the closest location to me, generally not too busy, speed is good. Prices are fair, but for some reason it's always a struggle to get a fair portion of meat. I watch as the people before me get a decent scoop then when it gets to me it's like half the portion size. I am tired of always having to bring this to the attention of the line servers. It's good food and I will go there often but hopefully somebody reads this and can train their staff. I guarantee you their profit margin is high considering the ingredients used and mass productions. I just want a decent and fair portion of an ingredient
4 This location is a relatively newer location. I just to go to the power location, but this one is a little closer for me. I like this one much more than the other location service is always good. Sometimes the line can be long but they usually go through it pretty well. Besides that salad bowls are always awesome.
5 How awesome is this place!?  I got a free guac and chips today. You guys rock!!! Thank you!!
5 I love this place, the employees make this location better than any other location in the area. They also allow me to double the meat and then split a burrito into two which is absolutely perfect.
5 A bowl and a beer - 11.51. For my lunch hour I enjoy good fast food and Chipotle always delivers. The one thing that has always stood out about Chipotle is the fact that they have moist brown rice. This is a big deal because as I am trying to be heath conscious its a hard thing to achieve.  Always in the mood for Chipotle.
1 I love chipotle, and this location is very convenient, but the customer service is by far the worst that I have ever come across in any chipotle I have ever been to. (Or restaurant in general.) The employees are rude, rushed, and on more than three separate occasions I have come in and four or five are sitting around a table eating and talking while the line is nearly out the door and there are two people behind the counter. I have even been in line and had an employee hop in front of me to buy a drink before. Terrible service. Employees are frequently talking to friends who come in while working the register, not paying attention to what they are ringing up or being polite to the customer in front of their face. Other than the horrible service, their food is still great. The service alone will keep me from continuing to come to this location.
