4 Sonic!!! Happy hours for drinks - Slushies to go off any diet for - tator tots like those we all grew up eating in school - chili cheese dogs - breakfast all day - loss meals with lots of options - ice cream - drinks with so many combinations much like going to the Jelly Belly factory in Northern California and eating 4 different beans to make an awesome drink!!   Only negative - broken cars reader machines. Don't use them if they are broken. The location in Surprise off of Reems and Bell had a big issues with their broken card readers a few years ago. A lot of banking accounts were phished and $$ galore was missing. Of its cracked, it's hacked. Have them run it, get a receipt and check your banking often for theft activity.
4 I have to say that when I am craving chili cheese fries and tater tots this is the place I hit up.  I am a sucker to all the topping on the hot dogs so I still have not tried all the different ones,  I also like the chili cheese fries here.   The tator tots are usually on the salty side, but just right for me....I could almost stuff some in my shorts for later, like Neapolitan Dynamite.   My daughter loves the slushies and she is more of a food critic than me.  I guess I like the drive in look, wish they would encourage car meetups for old cars, that would be cool and fit the theme?   Its good fast food that is not the "norm" hamburger and fries.  Try something different, try Sonics.
4 I really don't know how my son and I ended up at this location? There is one closer to where I live!! Anyway, son was down visiting from the dreaded S.F.!!! Now when we both lived in SoCal, we use to visit a Sonics in Anaheim after hockey practice. So we have always enjoyed Sonic's. We both ordered breakfast, I had their breakfast burrito with bacon. I thought it was good, not to much salt which is good to me! Son had the texas toast breakfast sandwich! Even though we both like the bread, it is a little to large trying to wrap your mouth around it! They were very nice, and got our food out very quickly.
1 I go to Sonic so I can get my fix of tots, jalapeño poppers, and a nice sandwich of chicken. The drinks are nice too. So I pop in to this location and without explanation or apology, the young lady inside says they are not serving fried food tonight ... Anything fried ... No tots, no poppers, no chicken tenders, nothing ... I wasn't in the mood for just a burger, so I thought, hey ... those pretzel dogs look yummy, nope ... spurned again ... they hadn't thawed out any buns. No I'm sorry, no "our fryer broke down".   Sorely disappointing.
3 Went there last night.  Girl who took my order was barely whispering back to me that I couldn't understand her.  Went there today and after I ordered my food I wanted to quickly add something else but the girl would not respond, pretending she couldn't hear me.  I was so pissed off at this I drove off without paying.  I like sonic but the customer service here is incompetent
3 Easy order but really? We ordered a large chilli cheese fry and when we got home and opened it, it was half empty and no fork given to eat with. Not exactly top notch
