5 I recently had the pleasure of working with these guys.  I throw a lot of parties and in the last couple years a photo booth has been the focal point of every party.  I swear people spend more time in these photo booths then they do anything else.  Anyhow when throwing a party in vegas I normally go with the same people to rent from however for reasons I wont go into they bailed and I found Joy Squad.  It is safe to say I will be sticking with these guys from now on.  They helped me out at the last minute and were amazing.  They sent Leslie and this other guy, who's name I cant remember but they were both really professional. They were set up right away and had an awesome camera booth.  Sometimes you get some guy with a web cam in a box but their photos came out great. PROFESSIONAL.  They not only put them online for everyone but the booth also printed them out and people got a hard copy.  There was always people getting back in line again and again. Thanks for help making my party a hit, cant wait for the next time.
5 I've been planning weddings for some time now and one of the most popular additions to any party (apart from the open bar) has become the photo booth. I booked Joy Squad a few months back for a wedding I was planning and was extremely pleased with their work. Originally I booked them because the bride wanted printable photos (such as in a regular photo booth) but with a professional camera. With Joy Squad you get the best of both worlds (plus they've got a number of interesting backgrounds and extras). They showed up on time, acted professional and made memories for our guests that will last forever. They are first on my list for photo booth rentals.
5 Contacted Joy Squad about a photo booth set up for our company conference.  Leslie and her team were quick to respond to my questions, and were set up and ready to go before the reception began!  The staff were extremely friendly and the entire group loved the photo booth!  The attendant at the booth was extremely patient with all of our attendees and was friendly the entire time.  Leslie made sure we had everything we needed and made it a point to come back at the end and make sure everything went well.  I HIGHLY recommend using Joy Squad, and their prices are extremely competitive.
5 We hired Joy Squad for our wedding Oct 12.  The quality of the photos are great and their props were awesome.  They let me custom design the photo sheet-- so easy!  The attendants were so very nice and friendly.  Everything went very smoothly and I'm glad that I picked them as our photobooth vendor.
5 Joy Squad hosted a Photo Booth for our wedding Mach 22 and they were awesome! The attendant was super nice and very helpful with the props. The props were in great condition and there was so MANY options!  Just my first impression of the company was great. Leslie was quick to answer ALL my emails and she was very easy to work with.  David did an AMAZING job designing our photo paper.  Overall a great experience. I would definitely use them again. HIGHLY recommended.
5 Best photo booth ever!! Leslie is super easy to work with and has some great creative ideas.  We did the green screen for our wedding in March and they came up with some awesome backgrounds and overlays.  The photo booth attendants were so much fun and they provided great props.  Our guests loved it and we received a cool scrapbook with all the images after the wedding.  I would absolutely recommend the Joy Squad!
