3 I found out about this through my meet up group so, I signed up for the Sufi Breath Meditation class. I will say this is my first formal meditation class so I was excited to attend. I met with Melissa and she was a very warm considerate person. She took time to understand my goals for meditation and shared her journey through the realm of learning, practicing and teaching meditation.   I went through a series of breathing exercises Earth, Water, Fire, Air, and Ether. I found the entire experience very relaxing and fulfilling. Melissa provided me with a list of these breathing techniques so I could continue my practice on my own. I would encourage anyone who is interested in learning about meditation to contact Melissa as their first experience. She is very positive and very informative.   I give the experience 5 stars but the location not so much. The bathroom situation is very awkward how you have to go around the back of the building to a common bathroom situation. I realize this isn't the centers doing but it does make the total experience a little less. However, I will say at $8 for hour+ session I would encourage everyone to get over the crazy layout of the property manager.
5 Attended the "Create Your Sacred Space In 1/2 Hour with Kenzie Brown" a 1/2 hour to effectively shift your vibration into restoring a normal flow of energy throughout your system. Sometimes our chakra's are out of their proper rotation and the crystal bowls can be used to strengthen them, cleanse their centers, draw out negative energy patterns, and clear your auric field of your day. Stop by and allow the sound of the bowls to be absorbed into your cells, your spine, and all your chakra centers to balance your whole body. The Crystal Singing Bowls an harmonize with your heart, your mind, as well as your physical bodies in just a short amount of time."  This is my 1st experience in life using these type of methods to enhance my overall wellness and health. I have to Kenzie is such a nice woman who is a great teacher and embraces all people who attend her events, newbies like me and seasoned people.   I would also advise attending the "Kenzie(s) Happy Hour"
5 This is an amazing wonderland of all types of healing modalities, ranging from master level reiki, and shamanism to crystals and sound therapies.
5 This place is whimsical with a dash of fairy dust and mermaids!  It's rather small with a faux tree on display in the middle of the room with beautiful blown glass ornaments hanging all around.  Each room is peacefully and uniquely decorated.  They offer meditations, Reiki, transformational reprogramming and a plethora of other healing modalities and readings.   On display are stunning collections of jewelry & crystals.
