5 This was a birthday outing with a dear friend and we both loved it. Our therapists were amazing, the price was great, and the location was convenient. We cannot wait to go back; best birthday present I ever gave (well, one of the best).
5 A friend from work recommended these ladies to me.  It's in a small strip mall on the N/W corner of Thomas and Hayden but don't think that's too far to go if you live in Central PHX like me - this place is definitely worth it! Amazing treatments.   I was so relaxed during the reflexology part I felt I was floating. They do different therapies but I like the 45 minutes chair massage for my neck, back, shoulders (amazing and complete) followed up with 30 minutes of foot treatment which includes reflexology, energy work, soothing warm water foot bath  - You just have to go and experience them for yourself. Very reasonable price.   I have already been twice and will be heading back this week.
3 Being trying various reflexology places in Scottsdale to find the right one for me.  This one did a great job on my head, arms and feet, but they did not turn you over and do any back work.  That is an add on session, in the chair.  I like it when it is all combined, so i going to keep looking.  No complaints  if you do not want any back work.  Prices were average.  Therapists were very nice.  They do have a reward card, where they will stamp a card each time you go and then you will get a freebie - like that !
5 I was having a back and neck pain, stop by Long Zu to get it work on it, after few times visiting, I feel like I have reborn again.  Definitely would recommend it to anyone!
4 I found this place on Yelp about 6 months ago.  I should have written a review the first time I went, but I got side tracked.  I went here for a 2nd time this past weekend and I cannot believe I haven't been back sooner.  There is a reflexology place a bit closer to my house that I have been going to, but I think I will be switching it up to here now, Worth the extra 2 miles for;  1) Better Price 2) Free membership (the other place I had to pay $50 for a year) 3) They are VERY friendly and customer focused 4) They use bio-freeze on your neck and shoulders  5) They put a hot compress on your neck and shoulders post chair massage while they work on your feet.  They offer any combination you are looking for between chair and foot massage or you can get just a single service.  I personally recommend 30 min chair and 1 hour foot.
