2 I hate being not only the 1st review but also a bad one. I went to this location a couple days ago and the tech I had was extremely nice. I knew my face would be a little red from my brow was but I have 3 burns on my face. I called the location today and the young lady that answered the phone made me feel it was by fault that my face was burned. no apology or offer to have me go in and have a tech take a look at it just....oh well you should have said it was too hot...I KNOW THAT! It wasnt that hot I didnt think and I am not the tech! they should know if its too hot! As a result I will be taking my business somewhere else.
4 European Wax Center is the Massage Envy of waxing. They are corporate franchises that focus heavily on package plans. Sometimes the receptionists can come off as a little pushy, but the prices really are great. They also have a line of after wax care. I love their exfoliator and ingrown hair serum. Kathryn was at the front desk during my last visit, and she was absolutely lovely.  I have seen a few aestheticians here who have all been pretty good. This time I had Kayla who used a different technique which yielded very little pain. I was very relieved considering I've had waxings done that were right out 40 Year Old Virgin. (and yes, I did scream out Kelly Clarkson). I am very happy with my service and will be requesting the amazing Kayla in the future.
4 Kayla is my girl for full Brazilian. I bought a package of 12, since it was cheaper than paying each time. They have a yearly package, which is more expensive and makes no sense. I mean, if you're like me and go back every 5 weeks, instead of 4, you lose money because you ony have 365 days to use the year package. If you buy 12 waxes, you use all 12, whether you use them now or later. They don't expire. I love the lotion they have there, but it's $25 for a small bottle, so I pass. It is a franchise, but Kayla is great and the girls at the front are super nice.
5 Took everyone else's advice and went to Kayla too - and definitely was not disappointed. I've been going to European Wax Center in Glendale until we just moved down to Gilbert. I was please to find the same good service and cleanliness of the center.   Definitely go to Kayla!
5 Just got my full bikini done for the first time ever and the whole experience was great! Kayla is the best! She explained everything to me, was really informative, and made me feel really comfortable. I bought a package for the rest of the year :)
3 I frequent this place and love their professional, clean service!! I've been waxed by several of the ladies here and all of them have done a great job, and gotten me in and out quickly (and as pain free as possible).    The front desk staff is awful. They barely check you in before they go back to gossiping with each other. It makes for a very obnoxious experience waiting. In fact last time i had planned to wait for my friend, but i was so annoyed by their loud conversation I just left. They do try to upsell packages, but they aren't pushy. Sometimes they will have a manager in the waiting room who, if you say no, will go coach the girl at the desk as to what she should have just told me. Awkward!
5 I like this place a lot. They are very quick, very professional, and are on the lower end cost-wise for waxing services. They also offer a variety of packages so you can save money if you buy multiple sessions ahead of time.  Also, they offer a free service on your first visit! I think they only offer a few of the options for free, but I went in and got my eyebrows done and they were great.  Definitely recommend this location.
5 Charlene (Char) is one of the best wax specialist European Wax Center has. She's fast, gentle, and extremely knowledgeable. The front staff is also very friendly and welcoming.
5 Very professional and friendly! I've never had anything waxed until today, I was extremely nervous and worried about the pain since I was getting the bottom portion of my legs done.  Kayla did a great job. Virtually no pain and I was out of there in no time! Really recommend kayla! :)
5 Had not only my first waxing experience, but my first Brazilian tonight with Diana, and I'm so glad I did. I definitely plan to return. The location is clean and Diana is very approachable, friendly, gentle, fast, and thorough. The wax wasn't too hot and she never double dipped. I won't lie. It hurt a bit. But the entire process was shorter and less painful than anticipated and I absolutely love the results. I have extremely sensitive skin and I didn't bleed, nor is my skin inflamed or bumpy.
5 This is the only place I go to get my eyebrows wax. They are quick, friendly, and make my eyebrows look fierce !
5 I've been visiting European Wax Centers for years and recently followed a great technician to this location. The girls at reception are always friendly and on top of things.  Char is great, makes things as quick and painless as possible.
