2 So here we go again, dropped the son off at school, late, no time for me to eat a good breakfast, so I start craving a breakfast burrito.  My buddy tells me the other day that a new place opened up by Basha's, this is the 4th business to open in this same location and the second Mexican joint.  It's 0815 and there's no one inside the place, but the staff, this doesn't scare me away because most responsible folks are at work already, so I push on.  There are two dry erase boards with specials written on them, so i try to find the breakfast burritos in the array of typical Mexican food offerings.  The staff are busy setting up for the day and finally realize I'm there and they warmly welcome me to their shop.  A man, who I assume is the owner, because he is dressed rather nicely for someone who is slingin' burritos all day, says good morning and I start questioning him about all their breakfast burritos, ingredients and combos, he tells me they have, sausage, bacon and only beef chorizo (that's to bad because my wifey cannot eat beef), so I panic because there is no machaca, no pork chorizo for my wife and no ham.  The nice lady behind the Ipad they are using for a register asks me for my order, I ask if they are only making breakfast burritos and she crushes my heart, when she says yes, because I really wanted a carnitas burrito for later ;(.  I place my order to go(one bacon and one chorizo) I pay a little over $8.00 for them and the old Hispanic lady at the griddle gets busy making our burritos.  I ask the lady at the register if the chorizo is spicy and she says no, she's right it wasn't, but they have a full salsa bar so you can doctor your burrito to the level of spiciness you like.  By the time I'm done messing around with salsa and those little plastic cups and lids my food is ready!  Before I go I ask for a menu to take with me and the owner and nice lady assure me they have them, but after an extensive search they tell me they are OUT, that's not a good sign.  So  I head home with my food and now I am starting to worry that I'm still gonna be hungry, because these are not the typical Filiberto's sized burritos that I am used to paying $4-5 for.  I get home and the wife finds her bacon b.b. and I get my chorizo b.b. she has eggs, cheese and a few overcooked strips of bacon on top, takes a bite and adds some of the chunky (not pico) salsa to hers.  I open mine and it is soaked in red grease, like most typical b.b. tend to be and I am surprised at the child sized portion of both.  I try my burrito and it is okay, but it takes a healthy dose of salsa to make it better.  Then I decide to try the red, seed laden salsa, that I know will probably tear my stomach up later and it is HOT, limey and a little salty, I liked it!  Bottom line is I have been ruined by Filiberto's, Armando, and the list of great valley Mexican fast food joints goes on.  For the price I paid, I'm likely not to return anytime soon.  If  Cilantro's doesn't want to be added to the list of failed restaurants in this location they need to increase their portion sizes and get more variety.
5 Transporting fast-casual dining to Maricopa! This awesome Mom & Pap joint has earned a place in my favorites.  I order the Nicolás, a gigantic steak burrito enchilada style, with green and red sauce, topped with cheese.  You can customize your burrito any way you like, and the staff is very friendly.  You've got to swing by and try Cilantro's!
5 We decided to try Cilantro's to celebrate Cinco de Mayo. Boy are we glad we did! We have lived in AZ for 2 years and have yet to find a GREAT taco to our liking. When we arrived the staff was very friendly and welcoming. My husband and I ordered the steak taco's. They were so delicious! The steak was very well seasoned with a lot of great flavor. It was a ton of food (2 taco's, rice, and salsa with chips) for a reasonable price. The salsa bar had a handful of options. It was fun experimenting with all the salsa's. Our son got the mini cheese quesadilla and loved it. We will definitely be going back to Cilantro's in the future!
5 We've been to Cilantro's twice now, trying different items on their menu each time, and both times they have been consistently very good!  On our first visit, we weren't expecting too much.  We just wanted to try out the new Mexican joint in Maricopa, thinking it would be kind of like a Chipotle; it turned out we were wrong.  They had many things on their menu, including tacos, enchiladas, burritos, nachos, breakfast items and tons of different meat and salsa choices.  Out of their meat choices, I really liked their carnitas - very tender and flavorful, without being all fatty and grisly - perfection!  My husband liked their carne asada a lot.  On our first visit, I ordered their burrito, adding fresh guacamole and sour cream for a dollar more.  It was huge and so yummy!  In no way can this burrito be compared to something you would get at a grocery store, that's just absurd.  It was gigantic, filled with beans, rice, your choice of meat, cheese, tomato, onion, cilantro, hot sauce and guacamole and/or sour cream if you want.  My husband ordered the carne asada tacos which came with mexican rice, pinto or refried beans and plenty of tortilla chips.  Not only was their food super tasty, but it was also authentically prepared and very reasonably priced.  Their salsa bar was one of the best around.  We couldn't get enough of their fresh pico de gallo and spicy red salsa.  Luckily, you can have as much as you want.  On our second visit, I got their nachos, which I loved, and after seeing how I devoured my burrito on our first visit, my husband decided he would try one as well.  Their food was authentic and fresh, and their employees seemed friendly and were generous with their proportions.  My husband and I are both half mexican, so we know decent mexican food, and this food was beyond decent!  On both of our visits, the place had many customers in it, so I hope this place continues to do well and makes it.  We will be coming back often to try more of their menu items.  This is definitely one of our new favorites!
4 Pretty good cheap Mexican Food in the Copa.   We got out of there with 3 big burritos and a chicken cheese crisp for under $20.  The carnitas were flavorful and not fatty tasting.  The steak was tender and also full of flavor. The red salsa is nice and smokey - not too hot.  The chicken was tender, but could use a little seasoning.   The fresh guaq was chunky and delish.  I liked that the meats are up there in a case so you can see what you're getting - not some kind of mystery meat.   In addition to fountain coke, they have bottles of Mexican Coke (lets hear it for real sugar!).  There is some inside seating - but it's a very casual order at the counter take out kinda place.  We'll be back!
1 So i stopped by to support the local business, well everything went wrong. the staff seemed very confused like they didnt know how to help me, I ordered their nachos with chicken, everything about them were horrible, the chicken was greasy and the chips and cheese were like the kind you get at a gas station, overall really bad food for a restaurant thats supposed to be family owned. ill stick to tacos n more
1 Not even going to have a chance to try it.  I can understand having a small menu, but to not even offer ground beef tacos, rules out a lot of people.  No thanks.  You can keep your small menu, and I'll stick with Tacos n More.
5 I eat here about twice a week! I highly recommend the chicken fajita burrito, with the red salsa!  Very friendly staff and the owners are nice as well
3 Cilantros is good honest food and quick too.  Nothing fancy but good carnitas, carne asada and chile verde with rice and beans in a tin to go.
1 This place sucks the burrito I ordered was full of rice and beans very very little meat.will never go back plus it was way to expense .
3 There is no cilantro! Have a salsa bar with not much salsa and no chips. Prices are reasonable. Chicken is dry and food is bland.
4 The Salsa need more kicking flavor. I like the fried bowl:). If you missed Chipotle, this place can be an option. I suggested to add more spicy, lime, and cilantro or just little bit salt for the salsa, verde, etc. The price is very reasonable! Love it.
5 Fantastic flavoring, you can choose your own toppings and it is ll reasonably priced. They were also extremely friendly and efficient. We have been back twice since it opened! Welcome to Maricopa!
5 Carne asada burrito enchilada style was delicious!!!!
4 Love their breakfast burritos. Service has been good all but once. Decent prices, fresh ingredients.
2 Eh....what more can I say then that.  Very bland, tries to model themselves like chipotle but nothing like chipotle...not good, not good at all. We'd rather go to Taco's N More or just drive to Chandler and get Chipotle or drive to Ahwatukee for The Burrito Company.
3 This place takes from the concept of Qdoba.  The food is ok; not bad but not great.  I stop in occasionally If I want a burrito but am generally underwhelmed.
5 I prefer this place to Tacos N More because they are actually open when they say they are plus their food is OUTSTANDING. Try the Carne asada burrito, fully loaded.  Place is always super clean and super fresh ingredients.
4 Excellent green pork chile. Not very spicey. I added the Verde sauce to spice it up. Very Clean comfortable resturant. Nice people. Go here for lunch
4 $1.50 (ea)Taco Tues, great portions. Chili Verde Pork tacos stand out to me. Carne Asada, shredded beef and chicken also available. House chips are put in fryer when you place your main order. They time it perfectly so its fresh and salted perfectly every time I go there.
2 Small burritos...large tortillas....this place used we to be okay but now it just seems to have gone downhill... They  only have two choices for salsa then some peppers.  For $9.00 I can get so much more and much better food down the street...cost me 17$ for 2 burritos and 1 Fanta soda.
4 Decided to check out this spot. The whole family loved it. I had the California Burrito. Very good Carne Asada. The salsa was bomb. We will definitely hit this spot up again.
5 Fresh tortillas, good burritos, amazing nachos, good prices, welcoming and attentive staff. I love this place, I have ate here since they have first opened.
3 I love the food at Cilantro's, I usually go there once a week. The reason for the three star rating is because of one staff member, I believe it's the female daytime manager, she is about as friendly and welcoming as a rattlesnake,  every time I drive down there I dread seeing her and having to deal with her bad attitude. I work in customer service and understand everyone has a bad day from time to time, but this is every time, week after week.  Please Cilantro owner, hire a new, friendly, daytime manager.
5 Great food the way you want it.   Love it... Very good company.....
5 My wife and I have lived in Maricopa for a year now and finally trued cilantros. I had a sampler of steak and egg breakfast burrito with a fish taco, 5 rolled tacos (taquitos) cheese quesadilla a side of fries and topped it off with a piece of flan. Granted...I didn't eat all this food myself but we all sampled everything. I was not disappointed as I typically am in wanna be authentic Mexican fare.  The service was prompt...food was great in taste and authenticity as well as portion size. Overall a great experience and we will return again.  Way to go cilantros.
5 Best in Copa! So far everything I have eaten at this spot has been amazing. Great food and great customer service. Very friendly ownership and staff. My family and I will be regulars at Cilantro's.
4 Things have improved over last few months. The quality control has really paid off. Place needs the carrots, onions and jalapeños at salsa bar like other taco places and please reduce price of guacamole... $0.99 for a spoonful of guacamole is too much.
3 Please stop raising prices!  This is the 3rd or 4th increase since you have opened....$7.55 is too much for one burrito!
3 Was passing through the Copa on the way to San Diego and it was right about here that I wanted to eat something. ANYTHING, really. I quickly turned into a mall and drove around and Cilantro's was the first thing I saw that served food and had a sign that said OPEN. There was already a good sized crowd even though it was just after 11. I had a carnitas burrito with hot sauce. The hot sauce didn't register anywhere on the Richter scale (or was it Scoville??) so I grabbed a few of the roasted jalapenos they had in the salsa area and alternating bites between burrito and jalapenos did the trick. Now we were cooking with fire. Or eating with it rather. It was just enough to wake me up for a bit. Pretty standard Mexican joint. It hit the spot when I needed something to eat and that's all that matters. Plenty of parking as it's in a mall. Service is counter service - they make it right there in front of you. Will probably be back if I'm passing through town while hungry again.
