4 I can't believe this hasn't been reviewed yet?  The Great Dane located in Dane County Regional Airport?  The place is often so busy!  So, if you know the Great Dane brew pubs, this is like a light version...only with great beer!  The menu is reasonable though, scaled back.  Service during my visits has been prompt and friendly.   Of all the airports I travel through, and having this as my home airport....I sure do wish the others had a Great Dane, like this!
5 The bartender was nice and friendly, and I was there eating breakfast at 5:00 in the morning. I asked for tomato on my sandwich and she told me that there wasn't a fair way to charge for that so she gave it to me for free. My sandwich was delicious and came with a side of fruit. If I travel to this airport again, I will definitely be back, hopefully later in the day so I can order a cocktail!
4 Great food at reasonable prices (for an airport) - and they actually have salads. Like- actually good salads.  I haven't had the beer there - but if its anything like the great dane downtown - I'm sure you'll find the beer to be great. The staff is always super friendly - and reasonably quick if you let them know you need to be on a plane soon. If you need to kill time, they're happy to let you take your time with your meal and won't rush you - a very rare combination for any place in an airport. Make sure you ask your server for recommendations - they have been upfront and honest with me about what they do well - and what they don't.
1 Almost impossible to get good service at this location. Definitely hit up the downtown location instead. Also, what's up with the reduced menu? No veg options here, unless you're in the mood for a dry veggie burger.
2 Terrible waitress at the bar. Had trouble using the remote control for the TV and that's really the only reason I would hang out here at the airport.
3 The food tasted good and came surprisingly quickly...that is, once I finally got noticed and a waitress came by. The taking of my order, refilling of my drink, and finally getting and paying my bill took foooooor-eeeeeverrrrrr. Kind of ridiculous, actually.  But the food was good and it didn't cost me anything, thanks to the incompetence of Delta.
1 French fries were barely warm. BBQ was cold in the middle. Waitresses standing around talking to each other and had to get up and tell them I needed service.  No time for that in an airport.
2 The airport location of the Great Dane is a sad shadow of the real locations. Being used to the experience and food quality at the downtown and Hilldale locations, I've twice been wholly disappointed by the airport Great Dane. Dried out vegetables, sad, soggy fries, and a general lack of attention by the waitstaff, accompanied by traditionally high airport pricing make it really unappealing. For a better beer and food experience at the airport, the Usinger's Wurst Bar wins on all levels. This is really too bad as I know the Great Dane has the capability to be a Madison treasure, they just fail at this at the cold, personality-less airport location.
1 One of the worst restaurants I have eaten at (that is the Great Dane at the Madison Airport)  -  The service was slow and unfreindly.  -  The menus were crumbled on the edges and covered with food stains.  And the first two items I ordered I was told they don't carry anymore.    -  The food was edible.  Not great but it did not give my food poisoning.    I suggest finding somewhere else at the airport to eat.  I tried the Quizno's at the airport on my next trip thru the area and it was SOOOO much better.
3 Not my best dining experience in an airport.   The server was very nice, she redeemed the place...still - I was desperate for breakfast and it was one of the many overpriced options in the airport.  The price for the eggs and pancakes and bacon was definitely not worth it.  The wait was a little longer than you would have thought for there only to be 3 or 4 other people in the place.
4 This was the first time here. I enjoyed the ambience and the food was great!!  They have several selections on their micro beers!! very tastsy.
4 Food was good. Waitstaff: nice, fast and efficient.  It's not up to par with the Great Dane in downtown Madison but the food menu is mostly the same (albeit overpriced as all airport restaurants).  As for the quality of our meal, I would say its good.
3 For a brew and some snacks before a flight, this ain't a bad place. I had the pale ale and some cheese curds. The pale ale was fine, but the cheese curds weren't authentic Sconny cheese curds. They were breaded like something you'd get out of the frozen section at the supermarket. The service was pretty good here. I would come here again.
3 I thought the food was decent, but a bit overpriced for what you got. My boyfriend ordered one of their burgers and he said it was decent, but no where near as good as what Dotty Dumplings Dowry served. It also came with a very small amount of fries which was disappointing-The plate it was served on was too big for what he was given. I ordered their chicken quesadillas. They came with a nice portion of beans and rice and tasted great! The grilled peppers and onions inside the quesadilla made it that much better.   Overall id recommend this restaurant if you just want something decent but not phenomenal.
2 I was served these carrots with my cheesecurds. They were dry,shriveled up,and had, slimey spots. I asked for new ones, and the server returned with another set on unacceptable ones and remarked "I just opened a new bag and they all look like this".  My thought- just bc you open a new bag does not mean its not spoiled inside.  Note to management- Train servers to use better word choices with customers.
