5 Patina Decor has an exceptional collection of vintage furniture (and decor, obviously). Though there's a lot, it's well organized, and Kate is very nice. (: I strongly suggest stopping by if you're in the area!
5 This place is MIND_BLOWING. I come from a very arty town and am used to seeing eclectic and well made art and home decor, but this place took the cake.  A+ in terms of a beautifully curated collection of just wonderful, inspiring work in a town that is otherwise fairly devoid of such collections. Cant wait to come back to town just so I can come here to drool over beautiful things again. It's pricey, but these are one-of a kind unique items, art, furniture, truly exceptional stuff.
5 I would have spent my entire life savings in this place if my BF had not been with me!  I am a HUGE fan of vintage home decor and Patina is the most amazing collection of one of a kind beauties I have ever seen.
5 I was most impressed with how high end Patina's merchandise is and how well curated. Kate and Tim are NOT stocking kitschy mid-century. Their decor would look appropriate in any Case Study home (for the most part) and certainly very appropriate in any current day contemporary home.   Rebecca's 5 Point Rating Scale (1-not-so-great and 5-fabulous):  Store Size / Inventory - 4.5 (Small size store which is crammed to the gills with the most interesting items that can be squeezed into a single store front. The owners are seeking larger space.)  Merchandise Quality  - 5 (Oh, do they know their stuff. It is not often that I have seen Knoll sofas laid out next to Holmgaard glass objects.The paintings are really nice too and art is obviously a specialty of the proprietors.)  Organization - 5 (Exceptionally well organized. It is tight quarters so look around very carefully. I wandered up and down the center aisle several times, spotting new items of interest on every trip.)  Pricing - 5 (The prices here are good as far as I am concerned. The glass prices are reasonable as is the furniture. The owners are charging at or slightly below market value and have high quality items.)  Service - 5 (I spoke to Kate Aldrich, who is the wife of Tim Shaffer. Tim is the "buyer" for the store. I broke something in the shop ... Kate was lovely. I inquired about a painting and she said her husband would drive it to me and I live in Southern California ... she was lovely. Did I mention she was lovely?)  Patina Decor is well laid out, and fully stocked with reasonably priced, one-of-a-kind treasures. A Vegas MUST SEE (for us mid-century modern folk). I could easily drive up with a truck and load-er-up. Maybe someday I will.  Full review and photos: http://midcenturymodernremodel.com/2013/01/patina-decor-mid-century-modern.html
4 Main Street is shaping up to be a super cool stop for vintage furniture.  And, Patina Decor is no exception.  Walking through these doors is like going back in time.  It's full-on 50's, 60's, and 70's in the store.  From lucite bar carts to abstract art, they really have everything you need to vintage-ize your home.  I was really impressed, however, by all the cool mid-century barware.  I found a really cool set of Culver lowball glasses that were very reasonably priced. I saw an identical set on Ebay, so, this place has accurate pricing.  Also, I'd say this store corners the market on mid-century accessories in Vegas.  They have everything.  The only downside for me was that some of the stuff bordered on kitschy and the display overstuffed.  Perhaps tighter curating of the shop floor may make it easier to navigate all the vintage goodies.  Just a suggestion!  Because, as of right now, it's a sensory overload.  Maybe I'll take some Ritalin next time before shopping....
5 Fantastic mid century store!  Great prices too.  Get off the strip and get shopping on this street.  If you like antiques, retro and mod, you won't be disappointed.
4 Great place with a nice selection of quality vintage clothes.  They also have a nice array of 60's mod furniture.  The staff was helpful and fun.  When they didn't have what I was looking for, they recommended two other shops in the area that typically had those items.
4 Very beautiful store with a good selection of high-end mid century pieces. Some of the prices are high, but probably fair considering the quality of the items. Not a store for bargain shopping, but great for someone looking for that perfect unique piece.
