4 Katy is great! I'm new to town and was looking for a good stylist. Tried Katy out using a Groupon and glad I did. She really listens and gets to know her customers. This is important because she is able to deliver and you leave a happy camper. Love the cut, she did lots of subtle layers in my hair and the color came out beautifully.
5 Katy is amazing! She is very knowledgeable and understanding AND caring. She is very attentive to customers' concerns, wants, and needs. Did an amazing job on a cut and color with my hair, which is long, thick, and very curly. I would recommend her to anyone with curly hair in a heartbeat! I loved the color of my hair and she made ZERO mess or error. Uses great quality products!
5 Katy is genuinely a great person and a fantastic hair stylist. She's experienced in her field and I left with luscious beautiful locks and higher spirits than when I got there. I highly recommend her as a personal stylist for both men and women.
5 Katy did a great job and is super nice. Great conversation! Full attention on me and my hair. Knowledgeable and trustworthy. I look 10 years younger and will definitely go back.
5 I have been searching for a new hair stylist for some time, and am so happy to have found Katy. For the first time in years, my color is spot-on and my cut allows my hair to fall naturally in place and look great. Her personality is warm and friendly, and she has a great sense of humor. I can't remember the last time I left a salon feeling so jazzed about my hair and the overall experience. Katy rocks!
5 Ever since I moved here, I have been searching for a new hair stylist. And by George I've found her!!!! Katy is friendly, kind and a joy to be around, and her awesome hair styling skills are just a bonus I tell ya!!! Will definitely be back, and I'm bringing my whole family to her, I would definitely recommend her to all my friends and family. My hair feels great looks great and all with minimal effort and upkeep because she cut it that good!!! I left her salon feeling like I was in a herbal Essence commercial, screaming yes yes yes! For my new fab hair cut and color!!! Luv ya Katy!!!!
