1 I went here to get prescriptions ofr a high altitude trek that I am going on. I already had plans for my vaccines and I told them that on the phone. They got me in same day and I arrived and filled out the information which included information about my travel plans. I was broght back to a room with an APN and a man in a blue shirt sitting at her side. It was clear she was being trained. She was a nice woman and not overly assertive. That was celarly bothering the pushy man training her who bordered on rude when directing her how to point at maps and hand brochures to me. He was high presure trying to tell me I could not get the shots I needed elsewhere. I told him I knew what Hep shots I needed and was getting them elsewhere. Her persisted and I pushed back at which time he looks at her and say drop the hep and move on. I felt like I was in a time share sales presentation.   I had a list of antibiotics and some altitude pills the trekking company told me to get for various things that might happen. They told me not to worry, this one anti-biotic was enough. I told them the trekking company ahd been doing this since 1987 and I wanted to adhere to their requrests. They clearly just wanted me to go on out since I was not getting theri over priced shots. (I can get them at the health dept. at a fraction of the cost they were charging.) I have no idea if teh blue shirt guy was even a medical professional. I do not believe so. She had a white jacket and creds listed on it. He just had the blue shirt. Very fly by night atmosphere. my advice to the lady being trained...GET OUT BEFORE YOUR REP IS HARMED and go get a real medical position.
5 I went to the Vaccine Center. All the other clinics I had called had a long wait time, sometimes even requiring appointments in advance. When I got there, the staff was extremely friendly. The nurse got me in quickly (even without an appointment) and the staff was very helpful. The staff really seemed to care about me rather that the usual "rushed" feeling Ive gotten at other clinics. They told me to come back or call with any other concerns. Overall, I was very pleased with the service of the clinic. It was prompt, clean and the staff was very friendly which is a far different experience that I've had at some clinics. I would recommend going this clinic.
5 I'm going to school to become an EMT, and after paying what felt like a million dollars on school, uniforms, and books I really didn't have another million for shots. There prices are very reasonable, and the service is awesome.   Everyone in the office had a smile, and was very nice. Even though the experience of getting injected with a huge needle doesn't seem fun they made sure it wasn't bad by joking and laughing with me. And when I lost some paperwork they offered to look through a stack of what looked like 200 records for mine. Personally if that was me I would have said that I couldn't find it after the first 50 records but they actually looked through ALL the records.   I would advise (and do) anyone who needs their shots for school or a trip to go see them. Unlike other places they won't just take your money and shoot you up. They will actually make sure you get what you need, and not what you don't need.
1 I went for a immunization review for my 4 year old to get caught up on her vaccines before starting preschool this fall. I waited a very long time then I was called back and they couldn't figure out what vaccines she needed. I had a bad feeling and just told them I could reschedule. Not going back!
