5 If you want the BEST brows in town, Olga is A MUST!  I can not say enough wonderful things about Olga personally and professionally.  She is on time, friendly, the salon is beautiful and you leave feeling like a new person!  She creates naturally defined gorgeous eye brows EACH AND EVERY TIME!  Go ahead and give yourself a facelift in 15 quick minutes with Olga!  SHE IS THE BEST!
5 I have been going to Megan for the past year to get my eyebrows done and she always does an amazing job. I often get compliments on my eyebrows and even get stopped by people asking me who does my eyebrows. She is by far the best Eyebrow artist that i have been to in Arizona and I have gone to a lot of places! She is very detailed, professional, and knows exactly what she is doing. I highly recommend her, you will be happy you went to her.
5 Love! Love! Love! Megan is the one that did my brows and I can't even believe the difference. I can't wait until my brows grow back in from over-plucking. DO IT!
5 Olga is phenomenal!!!! I love the way she does my brows. I have been going to her for several years. She is great at what she does. Very professional, talented and an overall wonderful person.
5 I had my first experience at the Olga Brow Studio today and it was a treat!  I have never had my brows shaped before, I've always just plucked on my own.  At some point in the last month, I decided that it was time to turn my brows over to a professional.  I am happy that I picked Olga to give me this service because it was a wonderful experience.  She is very professional and took me through all of the steps, from what she was taking off, to how to fill in my brow so that they would never look drawn in.  I picked up the products she used while I was there as well.    I have only one tip for future clients - Olga's appointments book about a week or so out, so if you have an event or are getting your brows shaped on a visit from out of town be sure to plan well in advance.
5 I have been going to Olga for at least 5 years and she is the best!!  I moved to Chicago 3 years ago and tried relentlessly to find a new brow person and no one has come close to what Olga can do. I now fly to AZ to get my brows shaped!  I have pale blond eyebrows and Olga is able to give me the perfect full arch that makes my whole face look better! She never makes my brows too thin. I have recommended her to my good friends and family and now they all are sure to go to her before their special events. I highly encourage anyone lucky enough to live so close to Olga's studio to give her a try- you'll be hooked!
5 My sister took me to Olga several years ago. I was skeptical as I had been plucking my own brows and going to spas for occasional waxing for ages, but she swore by Olga's skills. I was taken aback by how kind and down to earth Olga is, she made me feel comfortable immediately. My sister's obsession was not without merit - after my first brow wax I was sold! I would never let anyone else touch my eyebrows. I don't know how she does it but the shape is always exactly perfect for my face and I feel beautiful when I leave and for weeks following. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5 Olga and Meagan are Simply the Best In Scottsdale! In and Out Perfection!  Love Them!  Highly recommend you give them a try.  You won't be disappointed!
5 I have to say that I have been a client of Olga's for the past 3 years and she offers nothing but quality service!!! My friend referred me to her and at thois point, I will not anyone else wax my face, eyebrows and yes even inside my nose!  SHe is a classy stand up lady and I always look forward to my appointments with Olga!
5 This is like a vacation for me every six weeks! LOVE Olga so much - her cool, gentle touch with her superior products in this beautiful studio (right near Sprinkles, just sayin') is just lovely and perfect. I look forward to my appointment and feel so pretty when I leave. This is a must-do, must-have. My daughters and my girlfriend ( we are all regulars) agree that Olga is THE best. My oldest daughter lives in LA and makes an appointment with Olga a priority when she comes here to visit. She sez there is no one like Olga in California either!  WOOHOO! We love you, Olga.
5 Olga is a true artist...until two years ago I had always done my own brows...and Olga transformed them..they are modern and elegant as is Olga...if you want to enhance your appearance with little effort or expense, then Olga's Brows is the place to go!  She is simply the Best.  Ellen C
5 Olga is truly amazing when it comes to shaping brows! They are perfected to the shape of your face. Mine came out amazing! She is not only very accommodating but makes you feel so comfortable in her chair. She gave me a few pointers as well! It is well worth the drive and the money to have Olga get her hands on your brows. So if you have the opportunity, make an appointment! I'll definitely be back! Thanks Olga!
5 I have been going to Olga Brow Studio for last two years and  my eyebrows have never looked better. In the last 6 months I have started seeing Danelle. She has been helping me grow and reshape my brows. She teaches me how to fill them in on my own so not only when I leave looking and feeling great, the next day I can imitate the filling in at home! I'm so glad I found this spot. It's not your average eyebrow wax, it's an art form! Thank you ladies!
5 Lured in by one of her clients 4 years ago we are forever hooked on Olga's services.  Her professionalism and kindness are unparalleled.  She has no equal in my opinion. If you are seeking an aesthetic enhancement book an appointment now... but don't steal my slot :)
5 Olga is amazing! Kind, talented and caring. I had my first appointment with her today and I am so pleased to have found her.
