5 I found Speedy Air on Yelp and called them because my air conditioning started blowing warm air.  I was told that a technician would be available between 9pm and 11pm, which was fine with me - I just wanted it fixed.  The nicest guy showed up at 8:20 and had our air up and running 20 minutes later.  I could not be more pleased with this company.  They will definitely be the first place I turn to the next time we have an issue.
1 I called Speedy Air to have a tune-up on my AC unit. My appointment was between 11a - 1p. After not hearing anything at 2pm I called them for an update and they said I was next on their list. After waiting until 7pm I finally gave up. I called and re-scheduled another appointment for the following day at 5pm. Again, no one showed up and no courtesy call informing me of the status. The next day I called to speak with the owner of the company about my experience and was told he was out of town. I asked for the manager, but she was busy and would return my call later. I never heard anything back. Speedy Air obviously does not care about customer service or customer satisfaction. I would definitely not recommend this company to anyone.
1 Absolute worst service ever. We were completely lied to several times by the company. We paid money for nothing to be done. They stated they would come back out twice and never did. Avoid this company at all costs! Should definitely not be called Speedy Air. The one time they did show up they were 2 hours past the allotted time given.
1 Worst!  Stay far, far away.  Our landlords warranty company chose Speedy Air.  Original appointment was set 7-12 on Friday.   They were two hours late, with no call.  Unit stopped working sometime in the morning Saturday.  Called early.  Service scheduled 10-1.  It's now after 4:30 and no one has appeared or called.
1 If I were able to give this company zero stars, I would.  Looks like Speedy Air is not so speedy!  The problem I had appears to be par for the course with this company, after reading the other reviews.  I had an appointment last night to fix the A/C at 5pm.  Well, after waiting until 7:00 pm with no call or show, I called them.  The person that answered, April, could not have been more rude and miserable.  She acted like I was a nuisance for calling to find out the status.  She said she'd call the tech and call me back.  After one more hour, I called to again check the status.  She was again rude to me, saying I had just called only 25 minutes prior (of course, as you know, cell phones have call logs and I know that it was actually OVER an hour).  She said she still had not heard back from the tech and she would call me back.  Well, it is now the next morning and nobody ever called back or showed up to do the repair.  I believe there is no excuse for this type of customer service.  I realize that things happen and appointments can't be kept, but THE LEAST THEY COULD DO IS CALL!!   It was simply amazing to me that as of 11pm last night, there was no call.  Meanwhile, my tenant (this is a rental property of mine) is sitting in a house that is over 90 degrees, and it is supposed to be 117 today!!!!   Ouch!!!   In summary, I can't believe the horrible customer service I have received from Speedy Air and I am completely dissatisfied.  The only reason I had to deal with them in the first place was because my home warranty company picked them.    These guys are the worst!!!
