5 Tuesday blend is great! Great live performances from talented individuals and groups. They also play music in between performances so you're not just standing around bored waiting for the next act. Free entry before 12 am and prices on drinks are fair and a great patio view in the back to get fresh air. Overall I give it an A+ :).
4 It definitely caters to the 18+ crowd. So if you're going through a midlife crisis or just had an over the hill celebration I'd steer away before you get even more depressed! Lol  It's happening. Oh yes. It's hip. Oh yes. Most of all it's happening and hip at the same time. It is a blend of everything hip and mix. I love the concept of having a happening place to groove and dance while enjoying live performances from local dance groups, bands, and artists! You can also spot a few vendors featuring their artwork, photography, and clothing line.   It's a great place to enjoy some happening music in a hip place, and if you're one to stand in the corner and spectate or Maybe your date stood you up and you came solo, fear not as here are many offerings to entertain you. But be warned! The crowd is a tight group where everyone knows each other. I just wish the event provided a more diversified crowd. Overall, a great event to go to especially on a boring Tuesday night!
5 A must go in vegas! the only bad thing about this event is it's only once a month and the line is long! once inside you see the newest trends people sport. you might even see some Youtube celeberties partyin it up. Tuesday Blend has the right kind of jams to put you in the groove and it's not trance/techno. It's the Hip-hop party spot! the live performances is also a plus if your the type to just hang out and watch from the bar. YES ~ THERE IS A BAR! with specials!! there is no party like Tuesday blend ~
4 Best 18+ location in Las Vegas Hands down! Doesn't get any better to a grown up nightlife scene than this. The music is dope, the crowd is wild and there is a bar for those 21 and over! Newest clothing and accessories items are on display and for sale. Brands like Civilian Clothing and Revive™  Backpacks are on deck so it doesn't get any better than this!! Learn more at www.revivebackpacks.com
4 I was finally able to make it to a Tuesday Blend! Boy, was it PACKED. I got there at about 11:30 pm and the line was already out the door. It took about 30-45 minutes to get the tickets and then you had to wait in ANOTHER line just to get in to the actual place. My boyfriend and friends were already at the front of line, so yes, I was that asshole that pushed passed everyone to get to the top, where a lot of disgruntled people gave me death stares, with good reason. Some people have been waiting in that line for 2 hours! By the time I actually got in, it was about 12:45-1 am.  There were police officers and security guards everywhere, where checking IDs and marking X's on your hand if you were under 21. After being patted down, I finally made it to the area where the event took place. There were A LOT of people, and the place is pretty small so it was hard to move around. The balcony is the smoking area and they had vape stands and the like all around the place, selling their wares.  I was surprisingly disappointed in the acts that went on for the night. The dancers were great, but its nothing I haven't seen before and the music was not up to par. The DJ music was great, but the live music, not so much.   I left at about 2:45 am, so I'm not sure what time the thing ended, but overall, I had a great time and would definitely go again sometime. But the wait in the line and the music forced me to only give it 4 stars.
