5 i must say we had the best taxi experience with all the drivers.  One particular was just a super nice guy, told us all about the area.  He was always on time and I felt very safe in his hands.  We had a couple of very short fares but he never let on it was not worth his effort.  We use taxis alot and we know they never like a short fare cuz they could miss a big one driving us a mile or so.  We got to the point where we asked for this guy for every ride.  He was dependable.  Sometimes there was a wait but heck we were on vacation so no hurry but it was still never over 20 minutes.  We asked for him for the ride back to the airport so he could have a bigger fare as we were leaving.  He was on time, actually early by 5-10 minutes, called my cell to let me know he had arrived at resort and off we went to Phoenix.  He told us alot about the city and the history, I actually felt like i was getting a tour.  Next time in the Phoenix area, do yourself a favor and call Discount Cab and ask for LARRY!!  You won't be disappointed.
1 First things first - I tried contacting discount cab from their feedback form on their website, and it wouldn't let me submit any comments. Clearly they must think they run an awesome service, else they'd know their feedback form is broken. Which is a problem, since they run an awful service. This is the comment I entered on their feedback form,  "I am writing about my awful experiences with Discount cab. Yesterday, my friend booked a cab to go to the airport as he had a plane to catch. We called discount cab 2 hours before the plane was supposed to leave, and given a maximum wait time of 20 minutes. After 35-40 minutes of waiting, my friend got anxious and called discount cab again to which they responded saying he had already been picked up!! On contacting the driver he said he asked someone on the road if they were so-and-so, to which the person said yes, and off he went, without so much as making a phone call. My friend ended up missing his flight thanks to the delay caused by this ruckus!  I think you guys run the worst service ever. I have had this happen to me in the past where the point of me calling a taxi was to get somewhere on time, and instead I was made to wait 1 hour and 30 minutes!!  In most other services, if they screw up so bad, they at least try to appease the customer in some way. With you guys, you clearly don't care - the operator did not try to make any alternate arrangements, nor did the driver sound apologetic. Worst service ever!! I am never taking discount cab again, telling all my friends to not to either, and making sure a lot of other people also know about it - by posting it on social networking sites, my blog and personally emailing contacts.  Thanks for nothing."
5 I needed taxi service to a doctor's appointment that would involve anesthesia so I couldn't drive myself. The cab showed up early and got me to my appointment with no problem. The driver was courteous and the cab was clean. Thank you for the great service!
1 Ok, so let me start by saying, I used to SWEAR by discount cab. Used them so often I had them on my speed dial! That is NO LONGER the case.  In fact, I used to absolutely refuse to take anything other than a Discount Cab.  That was before tonight  though.  So, tonight...i waited BY MYSELF as a single female... IN MESA... FOR AN HOUR... to get picked up from a ride that never came.  I called for a cab, and I gave them my name however apparently, if someone else gets to the cab before you.. your just sh#% out of luck.  I called again and they said they would send another cab out.  ( I received this response at least 4 times).  20 minutes later- no cab in sight. Called again... and again...and again.  Manager was no help.  The Manager's supervisor was no help.  I got attitude stating I was calling during "their busy times".  Eventually the guy that I got on the phone actually complained that I had been "calling every 10 minutes". The nerve! I can hardly recall ever experiencing such horrible customer service from anywhere before. I was appalled and offended and highly disappointed. Shame on you Discount Cab!   I waited OVER AN HOUR.  Called 6 times.  No help from supervisors, managers, or anyone.   Needless to say, I will never use this cab service again. EVERRRRR!!!  That is all.  Suck it Discount Cab.
1 Least professional service on earth! Twice I've called (ahead) for rides, and twice the driver showed-up late. Tonight I witnessed someone, standing next to me, call and order with the same request (cab w/ car seat)---only I called ahead. Their cab came before mine. I call back to see what the problem is only to be confronted with an operator who had nothing but excuses and a piss-poor attitude. Won't be calling on/referring them to any time ever.
1 I will try to be as honest and fair as I possibly can in this review but it will NOT be pretty....  I was a very loyal customer of Discount Cab during my college years and never really had anything bad to say. Yes, there was the occasional late pick up or unpleasant driver but I used them over any other company (in fact they were the only one I had in my phone).  When I started traveling back and forth to California on a regular basis I used them to schedule my airport trips because I felt they were very reliable for a cab company... that was a HUGE MISTAKE!!!!   The first incident occurred when I made a reservation, received a confirmation email, and they never showed up. When they were about 5 minutes late I called just to check on the status and they informed me no one was on their way and something must have happened. She apologized and said the first person she could dispatch to me would be about 20-30 min. Since I was catching a flight that was not going to work so I refused the service and found a different way to get to the airport.   Fool me once, shame on you....Fool me twice, shame one me....  Based on my previous years of service I gave them a second chance. This time I was waiting outside with my suitcase and saw the cab drive by but they never slowed down and never called to say they were there. I proceeded to run after him waving my arms thinking he would see me and stop... nope. He made one loop then exited the apartment complex. I called the dispatch center and they said, "he made an attempt to pick up but you were not outside." If I wasn't outside then how did I see him and call?!?!?! At that point I was DONE and driving myself to the airport. I asked to speak to a manager and unfortunately my poor experience did not end there. When I spoke to the manager he apologized profusely and told me to save any receipts for my parking at the airport and they would pay them. Well, when I got back and called him with my receipts asking what email he would like me to send them to he denied every speaking to me and refused to pay any portion. After a long argument I vowed never to use them ever again!   I will warn all of you to NEVER use Discount Cab!!!!!!!
1 I normally use another taxi company that has real cars. Sadly they were not able to pick up some friends and I at the point we needed them too (we needed to go quickly). So we hailed a Discount cab against my better judgement. They driver flat refused to take more than three of us. My self and three very slim college girls would have easily fit into one of their little green toys cars. So we ended up waiting for the other company I call apon.  Where customer service should be high, this company is lagging far behind. Besides, from what I've seen of thir antics on Mill Ave, I'm not sure anyone is safe in their cars. They stop in the middle of traffic to try to pick up, park illegally on the side of the steet, what other traffic laws are they ignoring?
2 BEWARE, THERE IS NO DISCOUNT AS THE NAME IMPLIES. It cost me more to take this trip than I've paid in any other cab company. And, the cab smell like smoke. The driver was not smoking in the car at the time, but someone had been in the car smoking because the smell was very intense. And, there's a "Thanks for not smoking" sticker on the window. I had a headache by the time I arrived to my destination.
1 This is my first review usually don't like to judge people or company's but had to be done.  Discount Cab is hands down the most unprofessional, unreliable cab company I have ever dealt with.
1 If I could give them zero stars I would. First off, I would like to give a big F***K YOU to Discount Cab. My boyfriend worked until midnight at his new job. At FOUR in the afternoon today, EIGHT HOURS before pickup, I scheduled a pickup online. No one showed up. He called and an hour and a half later, still nothing. Apparently the customer service representative sent out two messages saying that he needs a cab ASAP. Yeah? I think not. The same sh*t happened with us before, multiple times. I will NEVER use Discount Cab again, not to mention how slow they drive and how we always have to pay two or three bucks more for like two miles compared to Apache Taxi.  Also, update: I called Clean Air cab just now and they arrived within fifteen minutes, you asses. Nice to see that I can't even file a complaint on your site since when I submit it, nothing goes through. Nice job losing money, douches.
1 Not a good cab company to take to the airport.  Even when booking in advance they will not give any notice if they can not make the requested pickup time.  Calling dispatch after no cab arrived was very unsatisfying, they stated that the pickup time is just an estimate window give or take 20min. and that I should have planned accordingly. What? Thanks for nothing.
1 Terrible service! They screwed it up once before. I'm a fair guy and gave them a second chance. I called the night before at 11:30pm and scheduled a pickup for 4am. I called again at 3:40am to remind them not to be late. The guy shows up at 4:15am. Sunday morning with virtually no traffic on the roads. NO EXCUSE . . THEY SUCK!  I will never use them again!
5 The best and most call volume in the Valley and the best most honest company to work for the other cab lots say no. Fees but any fool knows they don't give you the newest cars for the100 per night but Discount CAB will every night. BANK ON THAT.
1 Her name is Beth, she is the rudest person in the company!! Don't know how to get my word across, but she helped me numerous of times in one night and she was a rude person that would not direct me to a cab to safely take me home. Therefore I will not ever be using discount cab again in my life. This is why she gets one star! Because she sucks! As well as the overall service.
1 Use "Sunshine Cab"! The word "Discount" should be changed to "Exploitive". How do you change to a Prius and not use that to be greener AND put some truth to your company, helping people save money? They charge some of the highest fees, yet they get 45+ mpg. How is my, maybe, 10 mile trip easily costing me $40+? Sunshine Cab uses out dated cop cars and chargers significantly less, and are extremely personable. "Discount" cab is such a slap in the face and horrible deal, and they don't even try to hide it.
1 They treated me like I was a second class citizen. My friends and I called a cab and it left before we could even get outside. Then I called continually and they refused to even talk to me or take my complaint. I was hung up on 3 times and yelled at by the person who picked up the phone. I can't believe this is the way a company would treat a customer. I know it was a busy night but that doesn't give them the right to ignore me as a paying customer. We used their company to get to the original destination because we happened to spot one outside. But then we couldn't get picked up when we called. I would never use them again if they payed me to ride in their car. Horrendous customer service. I hope this post helps someone avoid trying to use them in the future.
1 Totally unreliable and overpriced, pre booked a cab with discount to the airport for an early morning flight. Rang to confirm three hrs prior to pick up time and dispatch confirmed booking. But cab never showed. Rang dispatch and was told it was 10 mins away. Rang again after 15 mins and she told me she was trying to find someone to do the run. Obviously lied to me during my first call. She sounded like she was on Meth or something. I rang another company who showed up immediately and charged 15 dollars less than I was quoted by discount. I could have missed my flight. Save yourself this hassle and use another cab company
1 It has been quite a long time since I've required a cab ride home, however this past Friday night I had a bit to much to drink and needed to do the responseble thing.  For starters getting these people to show up was a joke by itself, then when they did finally arrive the cab literally smelled like some rubbed there back side uo and down the seats....  Smh.  Then to top it off it cost me 31. 00 to get home which was 10 minutes away.  It's definitely cheaper than a dui, but I certainly hope that was the only time I will need to call a cab again.
1 Took a cab from Tempe Diablo Stadium to Courtyard Marriott @ Sky Harbor. Just a few miles but the driver keyed the wrong hotel and was well passed the hotel when I let him know he was going the wrong way. I had to look up the address and give it to him. When he finally got us there he didn't offer to adjust the fare even though it was his fault. First time, last time with these guys.
1 This company does not even deserve 1 star, customer service ? Yeah right , I left my keys in a car yesterday and still tying to get them back. So I called them yesterday and First thing the dispatcher says is "ohh well it is not our responsibility" then the dispatcher said he talked to the driver and the driver will not bring me my keys he is to busy (meanwhile that same driver just told me it was slow very slow) So I was told the driver would not bring me my keys but instead would drop them off at the main office in mesa at the end of his shift...   That was yesterday Morning , Well today I just called again the 200-2000 number and was told they do not have my keys and it will take up to 72 hours for them to find out if the keys were left at the office ... Are they joking me ??  that's 72 hours = 3 days with out the keys to my jeep, my apartment, the mailbox,  and the gate to get into my apartment complex ... and if I go to the office at my apartment complex to get keys from them they will charge me 65.00 a key ...  and this is how Discount Cab treats there customers ?? Their Paying customers I even tipped the guy 5.00 on a 5.00 fair?   I drove a cab in N.Y for 10 years , and if a customer left something in my car the dispatcher would say to me" bring it back NOW!! they are the customers who pay our bills by using us" those would be his exact words and if i disagreed my dispatcher would not give me another call until I did bring them to the customer.... That's how you protect your customers by caring for their best interest ....  LOL this company would not even give me the phone number over to the mesa main office ..the dispatcher said there is no phone number over there...   Saddd ...really so sad ...when companies take no responsibilty for their drivers ..and dont care about their customers .....
1 Worst service ever. Id rather walk. Claimed his debt card machine was broken, so I had to go to an ATM. I would much rather use lyft or uber. Driver was unfriendly, never again!!!
1 Cabs smell of food and smoke, drivers are generally rude, not a comfortable and safe journey. A forced option if Apache taxi is not available
5 I took a cab after a couple of hours bowling with friends. My driver was Rick. Very friendly and great customer service. Thanks for getting me back to my car safely Rick!
