5 Don't waste your time with pawn shops or shady "we buy gold" place you see around every corner. These guys are very knowledgable and professional in what they do and buy your gold at fair prices. I took in some old gold chains and my platinum ring to a pawn shop and some other guy just down the road from this place and they didn't offer me half of what E.D. Marshall paid for my old gold and platinum. They were very friendly and answered any question I had with a smile on their face. So long story short, I am a happy customer and will be doing business with them from now on.
5 This place is really good, don't waste your time anywhere else. I took my gold there and they gave me a really great price, I had taken my gold to a pawn a shop and they didn't offer me that much. So I came over to E.D Marshall. They bought my gold at fair price. They are very professional and friendly. I was suggest you'd ask for Tarro Mohkesi, He was very honest with me and knowledgeable.
5 E.D. Marshalls is great, they are very helpful and knowledgeable. They give really good prices. I believe they deserve 5 stars.
1 AVOID - Particularly if you are selling gold. I visited their other store in Avondale and was essentially ripped off. During a visit to appraise and potentially sell a 14K gold ring, I went in knowing the spot price of $1325. While weighing my ring, I asked, so what spot price are you using? "$1325" she says. The ring weighed 10.1 dwt (pennyweight) and I was offered $171 ... being trustworthy, and having been told the daily spot value, I agreed to the sale. However, SELLER BEWARE - after weighing the item and calculating the actual gold value ($390 in this case) ... they HALVE the amount and make an offer. In other words, they're not using the daily spot value as implied --- in my case, they used a $580 spot value! Once home, I thought - this can't be right - and I contacted the buyer to confirm her math ... I got a rude and unprofessional response of "It's a Done Deal - Sorry for the Inconvenience".  In elevating the situation to the buyer-supervisor at the main store, he admitted to always shooting for and expecting 100% (profit) and that he was "totally comfortable in quoting the daily spot value". Who in their right mind would sell $390 worth of gold for $171? Well, I thought I was prepared, knowing the spot value and even the dollars per gram based on carat ... and, I presumed E.D. Marshall, having been in the valley since 1971 and with all their nice advertising, was a reputable and ethical business ... I should have known better.   Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY.   During my conversation, in-person, with the buyer-supervisor, I clearly expressed my discontent and concern over being 'taken' for far more than a reasonable profit margin (128% in this case) and asked to buy the ring back. He refused - and pretty much said, "Can't help you". With that, I expressed my deep disappointment at what I perceived as poor business ethics and zero customer relations; that they had lost my future business, and that I would share this poor experience with all those I knew, to which the supervisor said, "That is your prerogative." So, here I am - exercising my prerogative and simply sharing facts of a lousy exchange with E.D. Marshall. UNPROFESSIONAL - NO ETHICS.
