5 Just bought a few ounces of silver. They definitely have the best spot prices in the area
1 AVOID - Particularly if you are selling gold. I visited their other store in Avondale and was essentially ripped off. During a visit to appraise and potentially sell a 14K gold ring, I went in knowing the spot price of $1325. While weighing my ring, I asked, so what spot price are you using? "$1325" she says. The ring weighed 10.1 dwt (pennyweight) and I was offered $171 ... being trustworthy, and having been told the daily spot value, I agreed to the sale. However, SELLER BEWARE - after weighing the item and calculating the actual gold value ($390 in this case) ... they HALVE the amount and make an offer. In other words, they're not using the daily spot value as implied --- in my case, they used a $580 spot value!   Once home, I thought - this can't be right - and I contacted the buyer to confirm her math ... I got a rude and unprofessional response of "It's a Done Deal - Sorry for the Inconvenience". In elevating the situation to the buyer-supervisor at the main store, he admitted to always shooting for and expecting 100% (profit) and that he was "totally comfortable in quoting the daily spot value". Who in their right mind would sell $390 worth of gold for $171? Well, I thought I was prepared, knowing the spot value and even the dollars per gram based on carat ... and, I presumed E.D. Marshall, having been in the valley since 1971 and with all their nice advertising, was a reputable and ethical business ... I should have known better.   Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY.   During my conversation, in-person, with the buyer-supervisor, I clearly expressed my discontent and concern over being 'taken' for far more than a reasonable profit margin (128% in this case) and asked to buy the ring back. He refused - and pretty much said, "Can't help you". With that, I expressed my deep disappointment at what I perceived as poor business ethics and zero customer relations; that they had lost my future business, and that I would share this poor experience with all those I knew, to which the supervisor said, "That is your prerogative." So, here I am - exercising my prerogative and simply sharing facts of a lousy exchange with E.D. Marshall. UNPROFESSIONAL - NO ETHICS.
