5 Paul is a young, ambitious entrepreneur who knows the meaning of great service.  His pool services are outstanding and he often goes the extra mile by focusing on the best way to prevent and address costly repairs.  In fact, he completed a full overhaul of our pump for a fraction of the cost the big guys would have charged. In addition to the bigger repairs, Paul's weekly pool service is an outstanding value given the attention to detail he demonstrates in cleaning and maintaining our pool.  Today, Paul fixed and adjusted our gate simply because he saw that was broken.  Even when we are not home, he leaves a report outlining any issues and the time he added chemicals.  This way, we know when it is safe for our children to swim later in the day. Paul is a real pro who I can't recommend more.
5 Paul was cleaning our neighbors pool and I asked if he would come and look at my pool cleaner which was unusually loud.(my husband and I were debating if it was supposed to be that loud!)  He came right over, adjusted the settings, explained what he did and offered me his card. He did not charge me and was very nice about telling me about his service and what he does. If we do choose to have a weekly service, I would call him for sure. He was very gracious and I appreciated his help very much!
5 My pool was a mess... I had little to no return from the jets, the pump wouldn't prime, no pressure, and it was starting to look like the okefenokee swamp.   I called Paul, and asked I'd he could come by and take a look, as it could be any one of a myriad of issues. My old pump which had been around since Eisenhower was educating us on the Military Industrial Complex, was replaced and he blew out what can only be described as metric *bleep* ton of leaves from the underground.   He provided me with a skimmer basket, shocked, added algaecide and his buddy Chris (Blackhawks fan but we won't get into that) cleaned and swept the pool.   Paul is enthusiastic about what he does, and knows his stuff. There's a good chance he'll be just as excited as you are when your pool is looking good.
