5 I've been coloring my hair forever and have had Lynsey cut my hair but recently decided to have her color it, too.  Lynsey knows her color!  So natural, it looks like my original.  Great cut, too.  She listened to my lifestyle choices and the way I like to wear my hair and it's so easy to style now.
5 I went to Olive for the first time yesterday & saw Marissa for a cut & color. My color was fading and hair completely damaged. Marissa blew me out of the water, she really knows her stuff! The color she picked was incredible! She offered great advice on ways to keep it healthy and recommended amazing products. I'm very picky so I'm VERY thankful I found someone I can trust! Thanks Marissa, I'll def be back!
5 I've been going to Lynsey for ALL my hair needs for over 2 years...SO excited she decided to open The Olive!  Such a cute space, with other lovely stylists as well.  Lynsey always does an amazing job - whether I have specific instructions or just let her do what she does best.  Go see Lynsey - she'll take great care of you!
4 My cut and color were great! This place is small, but modern and trendy. I related well with my stylist. Feels good to support a small local business. This place is a little hard to find since it's inside a building shared by other salons/businesses. I highly recommend it!
5 I had a cut and full highlights done by Paige, and it's the BEST haircut of my life! I am completely in love with my new style. The color turned out fabulous. Paige gave a really great consult before she started, and just by the consult I knew I was in good hands. She is quick but extremely precise, and utilizes amazing technique. In a word: Professional.     The salon is clean, inviting, and well decorated. The Olive uses excellent product and very high quality color; it's one thing when a salon carries a great line to sell, but when they actually use it at their sinks, you know they really care about hair. I would recommend the Milkshake product line to anybody, it's better than anything out there! It's super reparative and smells amazing. Hard to find, but they've got it.  I also met the owner while I was there, she is very sweet, and like Paige, super friendly. She was cutting a boy's hair; he had special needs but was completely at ease with her. She was so kind and gentle with him! It was great to see. Just a great all-round vibe in there.  Book at The Olive inside Salon Studios, you will be happy you tried them.
5 Paige was an amazing stylist.  I was extremely happy with my color and cut.  The color was fab and Paige's company was great.  Her combined personality and skill made this hair salon visit a pleasure and I am sure to return!
4 Paige was great at the Olive Salon. She was very knowledgable. I felt very comfortable with her suggestions and she also shared the Milk Shake product. Highly recommended. Her continued education in her field lets you know you are in good hands. Her color was great and I will definately be back again! Thank you for a great experience!
5 I moved to Arizona nearly two years ago... I have had the same girl doing my hair since I was in high school (I'm now 25). Needless to say, I have been extremely hesitant to get my hair done by anyone else out here. I've tried several places and have not been happy with my results once. I am a blonde and I usually get bright blonde highlights... I am EXTREMELY picky about the color of my hair. Other places out here have not done the right color or have done what THEY wanted and not what I wanted. I found Paige at The Olive Salon on Groupon and I am sooooo happy I did!! She was extremely nice and knowledgeable, she did a PERFECT job on the color, and she was fast!! I have long hair, so it usually takes people quite a while to do my hair. Paige did an awesome job in an efficient time and for a reasonable price. I walked out of the salon with a huge smile on my face. I LOVE my color!! She also recommended some really great products to help keep my hair healthy. She didn't push the product, she just gave me some information and recommendations on different products and store products VS salon products. Overall I'm really happy with my experience and I am absolutely planning on going back when I need a touch-up!
