3 Yeah, another Mexican restaurant. You won't find anything exciting here. But the food is solid, fresh and flavorful.
5 A+ in my opinion.  We just spend a week in Mexico (not our first time there...) and Cucos had better food than we found anywhere (Puerto Morelos/Playa del Carmen) south of the border.  The Cuco burrito is my fav and the margaritas are amazing.  We will continue to come back, the food is truly authentic.  This place beats other area Mexican chains BY FAR!  Keep it up!  Can't wait for the next time:D  My mouth waters every day when I drive past.
5 Most excellent
5 Excellent !  Portions are large, fresh ingredients  and the service is some of the best in Madison.   What a great addition to the Buckeye neighborhood.   I was totally surprised to find this gem,  you must check this East Buckeye restaurant.
5 We went for lunch and it was great. The food was so good and the amount you got for the price was good. The server helped me decide what to get but I have a feeling anything on the menu would have tasted good. We will definitely be going back over and over. We have been wanting a small authentic Mexican restaurant close by and Cucos will be our new go to for a nice lunch or dinner.
4 Went here Saturday night for dinner.  The place looks great!  Tortilla chips & salsa hit our table the same time we did, and were both refilled.  Our waitress was a sweetie.  The food was really good!  Prices very reasonable, portions big.  We will be going back.
4 Not a bad place get a lot of Mexican food for your money. My one meal was enough food for lunch and dinner. Stick with chicken - I recommend either the grilled chicken tacos or the fajitas.
5 From the street, it may look modest, but go inside to eat and I think you will be pleasantly surprised. It has a great menu with lots of things I want to try. On our first visit there, we had the Burrito Cuco's which is very yummy. I had an excellent peach margarita (medium, which is pretty big).  Bring the kids. We brought our 3 and 6 year olds, and their kids menu extends beyond Mexican into standard U.S. kids-menu fare such as chicken nuggets and hot dogs. Excellent value and service over other places in town. We plan on going back again and again.
5 This place is great.  We were greeted and seated immediately. Chips and salsa arrived immediately after seating, along with a request for our drink orders.  The food was delicious.  My only complaint was the greasy smell on my clothes when I arrived home.  Apparently, the ventilation system could use a little improvement!
2 Taqueria Guadalajara it is not :(. But honestly, what would compare? Mexico City?  I had 4 taquitos but couldn't polish them off... super oily and the meat had little flavor. Just found myself going through the motions (chewing) and finally gave up. Chips are good, salsa reminds me of some weird sort of mix of tomato sauce from a can with onions and garlic, and I'll give them points for the guac, that was fresh and had nice flavor. And the staff, the staff is incredible, which is why it's hard to write this and steer folks other places in town, but after subsequent trips, I think I'd be cuco to give them another try when Madison is home to Mex that's a bit better.
2 Food is average, not the best, not the worst.  Promptly seated, chips, salsa, drink order taken right away.  Two different visits, two different servers, months agpart - both forgot to place 1 of the 2 orders that my party of 2 placed.  Not overly busy either time during lunch, so really no excuse for it.
3 Pretty good Mexican fare - not spectacular but standard. Staff were great, attentive and quantity was good for the price. Try the horchata.
5 This place is great and the pollo fundido was tasty and deep-fried perfection.  Our server, Diana, was friendly and very accommodating.  For example, we asked for spicier salsa and she whipped something right up.    The frozen margaritas really hit the spot and after one 12-oz glass I was ready for a nap.  I live in west Madison now, but the drive is worth it.  Hands down the BEST Mexican place in Madison (and coming from Texas, I can tell a great Mex place when I see one).
2 Mexi-can't  C'mon Cuco's.  I'm not expecting haute cuisine when I walk through your doors.  But is a well prepared meal with fresh, basic ingredients really too much to ask for?  If I really wanted poor execution and subpar ingredients, I would save myself the bother and hit the drive through window at Taco Bell.  Things started OK.  My daughter and I were warmly greeted as we entered the restaurant on a Friday night.  While the décor was a little cheesy, the tables and floors were clean.  So far, so good.    The complimentary chips and salsa were OK.  While not freshly made, the chips were crisp and plentiful as our server provided us with a steady supply of refills.  The tomato salsa had strange ketchup like consistency and the kitchen was a little heavy handed with the onion and garlic.  But hey, I'm not going to complain too loudly about free chips!  The wheels started to come off when the entrees arrived.  I ordered the $13.99 Molcajete, described on the menu as chicken, shrimps, steak and chorizo in a tomatillo sauce .Served in a hot stone with green onions.  I'll admit that the presentation of the dish was pretty awesome.  The massive stone bowl looked like something off Flintstone's family dinner table.  But when I pushed away the green onions and cilantro that topped the dish, I was shocked to see a cauldron of grease.  I know, I know, fat adds flavor.  However, I don't want my dinner looking like the Exxon Valdez beached on my plate.  If the kitchen could have rendered some of the fat from the chorizo during the preparation of this meal, it would have made for a more palatable entrée.  Aside from the extreme greasiness, there were other flaws as well: * The shrimp were tightly curled (a sign they were over cooked) and rubbery in texture. * The steak had a lot of gristle and was extremely chewy.  A little better knife work during prep time would go a long way. * Poor prep affected the chicken component as well.  The small scraps of chicken in the dish were over cooked and very chewy. * The tomatillo sauce described on the menu was nowhere to be found.  If executed with more care, this could be a signature dish for Cuco's and not the craptacular mess that I was served.  This was a massive disappointment.  The $3.75 cheese quesadilla my daughter ordered from the kid's menu was also was a letdown - a sprinkling of Monterrey Jack cheese pressed in a flour tortilla.  It didn't hold a candle to the cheese quesadilla we get from Los Gemelos (a crispy masa harina pocket crammed full of melted Oaxaca cheese).  The fries that came with the meal were so bad she left the majority on the plate untouched.  There were a couple of positives.  Our server was energetic, personable and extremely attentive.  And the guacamole served with my entrée was outstanding.  But with so many other strong Mexican food options available to me in the area, those positives won't be enough to draw a return visit.
1 Tried again today since it's close to work...won't return.  Female wait staff was unfriendly and again on a party of two, one order came out wrong.  Lunch chicken fajitas barely had any chicken, but had an over-abundance of peppers...thinking they should rename that menu item.  Neither waitress came back to check how our food was or offer drink refill.  We had to go to the counter to get our bill - we paid and left, we do not tip for bad service......and we will NOT be returning.  It's no wonder they are never very busy in a spot that should be getting a lot of business considering they are off of Hwy 51 with Dean Health Care and Boumatic right across the street.
3 To start, the server was less than energetic. The salsa was very plain. The chips?  where not so good and very skimpy for a family of 4.  We had to ask for more 3 times, each time it came back half full.  The beer was about 55 degrees.  I had the Cuco's burrito, very average tex-mex, better than Taco J's or the bell.  I should give them 2 stars but I'm giving them the benefit of being an "off" night for them.
