1 I purchased a Living Social deal as I was looking for a new dentist. When I called to schedule the appointment yesterday afternoon the receptionist offered me a 9am the following day *which was open due to a cancellation. When I woke up this morning at 5am I was unable to breathe through my nose (horrible cold). I didn't think a dentist would want a sick patient to work on, nor did I see how an appointment could go well without the  ability to breathe.  Unfortunately, not providing 24 hours notice voided my Living Social deal and they would not reschedule.   So the next time you want to spare spreading germs, um, go to your dentist? Whatever.
1 Do not go to this Dental Office!!  The people here are very rude and cut throat!  The prices are to high and when you arrive you want to choke the receptionist! They make you feel like crap, talk down to you, I almost caught a case there.  The Denist on the other hand is very nice, still cant figure that out.  After you schedule your apt. they call you to juggle the times around with you as if they are so inconvenienced by your apt time.
5 My visit to J. Philipp Density  was a great visit and staff made me feel at home. I need a crown and I called around to get pricing. They had the best price over all.. They were able to get me in same day. I would rate them 100% all the way around.
5 I have never enjoyed visiting the dentist, but Dr. Philipp and his friendly staff quelled my anxiety about getting any dental work done. I received their name on referral from a friend and have been going to Dr. Philipp ever since. Lauren usually cleans my teeth and is always gentle and doesn't do that thing where the hygienist tries to talk with you while her hands are in your mouth (annoying). Dr. Philipp has a great "bedside" manner, for lack of a better term. He always takes time to listen to my concerns and explain anything I need. What I like most is that I don't feel as though this office is one of those wherein you are constantly harangued about getting extra services simply so they can bill your insurance. When I come in for my annual and decline the xrays they are always accommodating and never have pushed me into any services I don't want.  The friendly atmosphere and clean environment are comforting and inviting and the friendly knowledgeable staff are very welcoming.  I highly recommend Dr. Philipp's office to anyone looking for a dentist. They even work with you on the financial end if you need any assistance in that area.  They also offer services at reduced prices so if you don't have insurance, you can still receive great quality dental care.
5 It has been a long time since I've been to a dentist, so I was pretty wary about it.  I don't have insurance, but a toothache drove me to seek out a reasonably priced Dentist that I could trust.  It almost feels like trying to find a good mechanic, but anyway... Dr. Philipp is a dream!  This office was extremely cordial and helpful in many ways, from a financial challenge to a strategy that makes sense, I definitely feel at ease here.  A+
5 I recently visited this office for a routine cleaning. The dentist is not my favorite place to be, so I always enter appointments with a bit of anxiety. The hygienist that I saw was friendly and helpful. She was aware of me and my reactions through the whole process, stopping to make sure I was okay after hitting an especially sensitive area. Dr. Phillipp was knowledgeable, friendly and professional and answered all my questions. Overall, it was a positive experience for me! Thanks, Dr. Phillipp.
1 Justin Philipp was the only dentist out of 5 dentists I saw said that I needed crowns because I had cracks (which I found out that I didn't have cracks). He didn't even show me where I had cracks. It took 6 hours to prep my teeth for 3 crowns because he had to see 10 other patients at the same time. He didn't bother to explain what he is about to do or what he is doing or how much of tooth structure will be drilled away. Almost all the work was done by his incompetent assistant who kept dropping the temporaries on the floor and didn't even bother to clean up and said that she couldn't tell which temporary goes to which teeth since they look the same! The only thing this dentist did was 'drill' and didn't put the thread around the prepped teeth or temporaries. I had a lot of pain with the temporaries but the dentist couldn't be bothered. Instead of figuring out what's happening, they hurried to put the permanent crowns on without asking me if I am satisfied with them. I had TMJ for a month along with other pain but the dentist was ready to send me to the Endodontist when it was a bite issue. I asked him to take an xray to verify the post work but he refused. So I went to see another dentist and found out that these crowns have 'OVERHANGS' and he graded this work as a 'C'. This will lead to tooth decay and bone loss.  I really wish I hadn't gone to see him. I went to see him because he was on TV and awarded on the magazine which I found out that you can pay them to be on. He over treated my teeth that didn't need any treatment and went to extreme measure (crowns). Now I lost all the good healthy teeth because this dentist was greedy, don't care about patients' health, and incompetent!
5 After having a previous bad experience with dental work, I had put off major dental work for years.  After doing some research, I decided to give Dr. Phillip a try.  Wow!  I am so glad that I did.  All of my work was able to be completed in one session with the option of sedation.  Dr. Philip  and his staff were wonderful.  No more dental fear!  I would highly recommend Dr. Phillip .
