5 I've been really lucky to discover Jenny - I booked her for my wedding years ago and I've NEVER gone to another stylist ever since! Jenny is absolutely the best at what she does - not only she is a great stylist and colorist, she is also so good Redken pays her to travel and teach others!!! My hair is always healthy as she uses only the top-of-the line product. My haircuts keep getting me compliments everywhere I go. THANK YOU JENNY, you are the BEST!
5 I was new to the area and looking for someone to touch up my color and give me a trim.  Was I lucky to find Jenny.  Color matched perfectly and my cut is better than ever.  Thank you Jenny!!!!!!!!
5 wow she really knows hair! So glad I found her, she takes her time with you. My hair has not looked this good in a long time. So worth the time and money. It was my first time seeing her and I will be back!
5 Jenny is the best stylist and colorist ever, she is the only one that makes my hair look great.Having used another stylist for many years I am so happy to be with her. I had some issues with my hair after surgery. Now it is healthy and has shine She knows  how to use the best for your hair and to create the marvelous color. Very professional and friendly atmosphere, she always makes you welcome. The cut is amazing and easy to upkeep.Every time I leave I have a smile on my face because my hair looks fantastic.
5 WOW the best hair cut and color.Jenny has restored my hair after having surgery my hair was very damaged and brittle.She  told me the products to use  and how to make it look good. I moved here four months ago and am happy I found a great stylist she knows how to make each person look beautiful. Plan on returning every time need my hair cut and color
5 Jenny has years of experience as a stylist and Redken educator. Her breadth of knowledge was really helpful! I made the mistake of going to hottie hair salon first and the drug addict hair stylist butchered my hair by giving me "layers" BUT JENNY MADE IT ALL BETTER!! She was able to fix my haircut and used high end products to style and educated me on at home styling    Go see her at Look salon in Town Square. She did a great job and I had a wonderful experience and trust her with my hair, I have curly but thin hair and she knew what she was doing (stylists often get confused by my hair type) so glad I now have a stylist I can trust!!
4 The best of the best
