4 Not to be confused with the Galleria location, this is a Starbucks w/ drive-thru that's located in a strip mall near-ish to Best Buy. They've provided fairly consistent service when I've been here during the past several months, except today when the cashier handling the inside register during frappuccino happy hour had issues filling orders. Seems like the guy ahead of me had two orders but she had to ask for his name and a form of payment twice instead of just once. For mine, she grabbed the 30+ oz. cup instead of my venti and wrote my name on it, but the manager caught it and didn't give me a larger drink free. Dang it!
5 Espresso with friendly faces an a drive thru. What's not to love?
4 Most days, I love the drive thru service.  The staff are friendly and helpful.  Generally, I prefer the morning staff.  I have problems with the later in the day staff getting my orders wrong.  I am a Starbucks addict.
5 my go-to starbucks before work :-)   always go in the drive-thru which gets really packed and busy at around 4:30pm.  they've never gotten my drink wrong, customer service is a hit or miss. i know they do get busy and overwhelmed. i have never gone inside so i can't do a review for that.
4 I don't know how my work mornings would look like without this Starbucks establishment. Probably like waking up after a hard night of partying and removing the beer goggles and rolling over and seeing a stranger watching you sleep. I would imagine.  Always pleasant, always cheery. They've gotten my order wrong only a handful of times, but their pleasantness always makes it a good start to my morning.
4 It's got a drive-thru, which is a great plus. Not as many tables as a lot of other Starbucks, but I really enjoyed getting some work done a few days ago here. Service was friendly and my drink was perfect with no mistakes. I also like that it's kind of tucked away from the rest of the Sunset commercial area!
4 An afternoon must! The closest one w/a drive thru. Win, win!
4 This is a lot like the other Starbucks' you have been to. Coffee: Yes, Drive thru: Yes
4 This is hard to Find Start Bucks as the GPS was pointing to the one in casino across the street and it is hidden by the gas station infront.  once we found it - we got our caffeine and were on the way to Hoover Dam. Coming from Vegas it was nice to get things at a normal price - compared to double the prices in all shops on the Stripp
4 Got to say, busy Starbucks!   I tend to stop in here when I head to Costco.  Every time I come, always a long line.  Service is friendly and pleasing.  I noticed only a few tables available, but usually occupied by patrons.  Space is very tight; hardly any room to walk.  My drinks come out very well and I hardly feel like there was any errors.  I noticed the drive-thru outside.  Looks packed as well.  So if you are in a crunch, best to find another Starbucks.
2 I used to go to this location all the time, most of the baristas knew my order by heart.  However it seems that the entire staff changed to a not so friendly atmosphere. I also have noticed that it is always dirty, even when there are 5 employees there. No body can wipe down the bar or add-ins bar??? Not to mention that the barista who slid my drink did it with such force it fell off and splattered all over me! Sorry to say this location has gone way downhill. I'd rather drive a little extra to get the great service I know the company would want me to have.
3 Coffee cake ! If yelp wasnt lagging and would have let me check in, you would have gotten some eye candy....... But I ate it....Drive thrus, no matter which starbucks it is, are always crazy busy. The staff was quick, efficiant, and nice!
2 A chain, so the items are still the same famous coffee we have all grown to love. The staff is very courteous, I don't know what it is though, no matter how small the order is, they ALWAYS mess up my order. ALWAYS.   If I don't get to work on time this morning, because I had to come inside to fix an order I told them precisely in the drive through, today will be my last day here.    Happy trails!
1 Super busy Starbucks they take forever in the drive thru do I went inside and it took forever inside a few employees just standing around doing nothing while everyone else was running their butts off not very professional I will go back because it's the only one in the area
3 I love starbucks but this location seems to always mess my order up.
5 Super friendly baristas. Quick service, even with being incredibly busy. Peppermint mocha was heaven. nice little patio area. Reprieve from shopping area. Plus, sample from Great Harvest next door!
5 I give them 5 stars! The drive thru moves extremely fast! And my drink taste devine! The cashier was extra friendly and helped me fill my orders.   This is always a nice stop for my family & I. So, I will return as often as I can. Yes it's nice and clean and u will be glad u stopped in to visit. Wait did I add they have the best water on the planet!
2 I've given this place 3 chances now. And everytime it's the same crap. They are slow and make messes everywhere. I will not come here anymore. It takes 20 minutes MINIMUM to make one drink. This time the girl screwed up my order. I'm so done with this place. It's slow and messy. That's all I have to say. Even the drive thru gets backed up beyond belief. If you go at a slow time, then of course they are fast. I've gone different times of the day and still crap.
1 First time here and the last time. Was greeted and promptly having our ordered started. In the middle of our order being taken someone else took over while the manager began to scold the employee that was first helping us right in front of us.  They ask for the name to call when order was ready. We went and sat down and I noticed people leaving with there orders that came in after us. My husband went up and our drinks were just sitting on the counter!!! I got the Strawberry & Crème frap and it had no Strawberry taste just a Crème taste.  It was dirty in there and HOT!! Will never go again. It was uncomfortable and rude to us to see an employee get scolded when the manager should have taken them to the back and talked with them!!!
1 They took my order wrong. I had ordered and iced caramel latte, and i got an iced mocha with caramel drizzle... My bfs drink was so jam packed with java chips he could barely drink it. He spent most of his time chewing. And two people got their orders before I had received mine. Lastly the place was a mess! Like disgusting. The counters looked like a dish pit. Water ice and coffee every where. Not to mention workers were also a hot mess. Geez watching them work was like watching a train wreck. No sense of efficiency either.
2 To the barista that made my drink I saw you drop my cup and didn't give me a new one. Luckily I don't drink off of my rim that I wont complain and mess up your long line of drinks. Which btw wouldn't be so long if all your partners were actually working!!!
2 I'm giving them 2 stars, only because this is the closest Starbucks to my house. The service is slow, and many times I have seen baristas walking around while the line was out the door. Unfortunately many of the baristas seem more intent on having inappropriate conversations than taking care of customers.
3 Decent starbucks. They've never gotten my order wrong and are usually pretty quick. (I usually go in around 7-8 which might be why) the only thing is that the tables always seem dirty or messy when I'm there.
1 I drink Starbucks every morning and 9/ 10 times I go to this Starbucks. Usually I have nothing to complain about bc usually I go through the drive-thru and they do great! But today the line was ridiculous so I decided it might be quicker to go inside... Everything was going fine until the girl started making my drink (Venti, iced, quad, non fat caramel macchiato) first she filled the cup almost to the rim with milk and ice, so much that when it came time to put in the espresso (which she had in a little paper cup- weird) she couldn't fit it all in so she dumped the rest of my espresso out and then spooned out some more that was at the top of the cup in order to fit the top on.... are you kidding me! When I pay $6.22 for my coffee I expect all my espresso to be in there... I don't pay for milk and ice! I just thought this was absolutely crazy... I will not go to this Starbucks anymore now that I know that they are not giving me my moneys worth! -I take my coffee very seriously in the morning- ;)
