1 After a very stressful day I went to the barber for a relaxing shave. I love the hot towels, the pre-shave oil and the hot lather. The short, definite, confident strokes of a barbers straight blade moving across my face is great. I find it all very relaxing.   But, I found nothing relaxing about this barber shop. When I walked in, the music was very loud latin music. It reminded me of music you hear at a night club.   The towels felt more warm than hot. When I mentioned the towels weren't hot, she argued they were hot!! I'm not sure, but I think the towel might have been hot. I think she pulled it out of the hot box and ran it under hot water. The hot water isn't nearly as hot as the towel when it comes out of the hot box, so it actually would cool the towel. Not positive if that is what happened, but the towel should have been much hotter and the barber should not have argued with me.    The barber was a very young woman. She took no care in applying the pre-shave oil. She did not slap it on, but I doubt I would have noticed too much of a difference if she had slapped it on. There was a quickness that felt rushed.   Now the worst part....the blade across my face HURT!!!!! It hurt a LOT!!!! I made her stop. I just couldn't take it. I left with only a 1/4 of my face shaved. There was nothing relaxing about this shop, barber or shave.   I normally go to the Arrowhead area to V's Barbershop. I will stay with V's!!!
5 This is the best barbershop in PHX  been going to the other location since 2002 and now to this location.. I always look sharp love this place...
1 I went for a shave and haircut and it was a decent haircut and I requested a straight razer shave and they said no. Also the atmosphere was horrible, the music, and the ladies were speaking spanish non stop also there was a kid of the worker here messing around. I will not return here nor I suggest anyone come here.
4 First haircut in Arizona and I am always nervous to change barbers. This place eased my mind, great haircut and straight razor shave. Very nice decor and clean. No complaints really, other than they are a touch pricy fir what I'm used to.
5 An excellent barbershop and the best in the valley. The staff will make you feel like family and are very experienced. I've been attending their first barbershop and now this one since 2003. I've tried them all, from Mario's, Sals, Vs at arrowhead, Johnny's in PHX and even Rays at ASU...they're practical compared to what Liberty Barbershop offers.   Liberty Barbershop, come join their family, you'll enjoy their atmosphere, hospitality, and flexibility with haircuts.
5 The owner (Freddy) is a real down to earth guy. The staff has always been very professional, courteous, & friendly. As soon as you enter. Your greeted. It's very clean. I leave with with the perfect "cut" every time. If your looking for a barber who's knowledgeable on how to cut deep waves, taper fades. This is the spot to be!
5 Love it! Used to go to great clips but now I will take my business here. Love the attention to detail! Also the hot towel and little back massage was nice. Great clips was fine but for just $3 more, this well worth it!
5 Best haircut in the Valley hands down! Not just your basic cut either, we are talking an entire barber experience complete with a hot towel, warm lather, and straight razor taper/clean up. Ask for Teressa, she is the best barber I have ever had.
5 Freddy has been cutting my hair since 1999 back in NY. Ive been to his original shop in Brooklyn, NY and he's one of the best. We lost a great barber when he left NY. He's Dominican so spanish music and language are part of his culture and will be present at his shop. If you want a NY style hair cut  with fine Dominican craftsmanship Arizona your in luck.  If spanish language and music bother you then you should go to the mall or "super cuts" where they will put a bowl on your head and cut around it . It frustrates me that more people don't know what a gem they have out there in the desert.
2 Worst service ever!  Perhaps I got ripped because I did not see this Freddy character that many reviews seem to rave about.   What I did experience was horrible service.  No one greets you as you come in.  The two girls speaking spanish incessantly across the room to each other instead of greeting (or working for that matter).  One of them having her kids in the place with her and cutting their hair while customers wait.  Another stopping to wash more luke-warm towels while customers wait.  All 3 on duty while I was there left customers to go outside or around the corner for long periods of time.  And, after all of that a very sub-par haircut.  It is tough to find a decent barber in Surprise and avoid the chain farms.  However this experience left me with the need to keep looking elsewhere.  Perhaps I will give it a try and ask for "Freddy" at some point, but this was such a bad experience maybe not.
3 Few straight razor shave places left, so that's nice. Don't understand the point of a sign in list when buddies are skipped ahead and names are crossed offs way before they're served so they get skipped, many unhappy patrons today. Come on a Tuesday or Wednesday when they first open for stellar service, at that rate where couldn't you go?! Prices went up, unless you're in "the circle" so that removes another reason for coming back.
