2 Hmm.  Don't know anything about Peruvian food but it was just okay.  Had fried yucca, which was pretty good, also a slow cooked beef called Seco, and a shrimp dish.  We'll give it a second try but it was a little disappointing.  The place bills itself as Peruvian-Chinese but there were only a few items that were actually fusion dishes and the one I tried, a fried rice, was passable but nothing special.
3 My wife and I stopped in for lunch. We wanted to try something new. Never having tried Peruvian food, we followed  the waitress' suggestions. I can't remember the names of what we had, but we shared two entrees, one beef, one chicken, both were good. Nothing fancy, but good, new flavors, at least for me. That's why i would recommend, and will be visiting again, this establishment .
5 Me and my wife are both picky eaters and very picky when it comes to service.  I have to admit that I had my doubts about this place before we stepped through the door.  Inside the decor is simple and easy on the eyes. About 6 TVs around the walls, that might seem extreme but while eating the whole atmosphere felt like home to me.  The waitress Gail had a pleasant upbeat attitude and a genuine passion for the food and the culture even though she wasn't Peruvian. Now the food was incredible, me and my wife both had Seco de Carne which is slow cooked beef with Peruvian beans and rice.  Very delicious and a definite favorite for me and my wife.  We will continue to dine at this restaurant to try new foods and flavors. I am very glad we visited this place as it is a new favorite for us and I do recommend Inka Grill.
5 Why u have such low reviews, Inka Grill?  Food was AWESOME!  I caught this place on a drive by and saw a plate of Lomo Saltado on the window so I stopped in...I haven't had a plate of it in years, and it's one of my favorite South American dishes...it was FANTASTIC.  I didn't have the appetite to try anything else, but I'd go back for the Saltado anytime.  The green salsas (forget the name) are perfectly fiery and great.  They even serve the toasted corn kernels making it all very authentic. A bit on the pricey side is my only complaint.
1 This is a pretty small place with 6 TVs to take your dining experience away and pop music blasting in there.  They have a little bit of an identity crisis... they can't make up their mind on whether they serve Peruvian or Chinese, seriously! They even give you fortune cookies with your bill lol Their prices for lunch are the same as for dinner.  Server was OK but it wouldn't hurt her if she'd smile once in a while even if it is in a fake-wanna get a good tip kind of way!
2 I think this is more Peruvian comfort food.  Having enjoyed the food in Peru, I anticipated a visit to this recommended restaurant.  Even went with a Native who did all the ordering. I would not expect anyone to know American food if I served them Mac & Cheese. This was not what I remembered from my trip, but as a tourist there I must have eaten differently than locals.
3 Ordered ceviche, chicken with pesto-like sauce, and beef with tomatoes and onions with rice.  My boyfriend really liked his chicken and pesto dish.  The sauce in my dish was good, but beef wasn't seasoned.  The ceviche sauce was good, but seafood wasn't fresh.  I'd probably go back again just for the ceviche.  Reason I gave it a 3-star, instead of a 4-star, is because the prices were way too high for a little and casual restaurant.  I spent $45!  I'd spend $45 for a casino restaurant, not at Inka-Grill.
2 This is a mediocre example of Peruvian food and the service was even worse.  I ordered tiradito, a ceviche-like dish. It need salt, but was the best thing I had. I also tasted the yucca in huancaina sauce. The sauce tasted like it came out of a can or packet. Not only have I had better huancaina sauce at other Peruvian Las Vegas restaurants, I can make better huancaina sauce at home, and I'm not even Peruvian.   The service was also terrible. When we were paying for the meal, our empty appetizer plates still hadn't been cleared from the table. The service was slow, which is surprising since we were the only people there. Our waitress was on the phone taking an order when she brought out our food. She's also the person who made our drinks, which were not good and overpriced.  If you want good Peruvian food, go to Mi Peru on Horizon Ridge. It's not as good as Peruvian food you'd get in Miami, L.A., but it's the best you're going to get in Vegas. At least you won't want to ask for your money back like at Inka Grill.
2 Bring it up several notches, Inka! The Lomo Saltado was terrible. There was more fat on my steak than steak. The place was pretty slow (only 3 tables being serviced) and the waitress could not be any slower. Not only could she not be any slower, she was also pretty rude. When our dishes were brought out she loudly kinda tossed them at the edge of the table and walked away to another table. Our food came out before she remembered to bring the drinks, just didn't get an overall good vibe about this place. I'm glad I tried it and got the curiosity out of the way, but will not be a returning customer. Best of luck!
1 They changed the menu... Only have Aji de Gallina (one main dish) available on weekends or if customers asked for it (that's what the waitress said over the phone) but the second time I went there after they "re-opened" the owner said they just don't have it anymore. Seriously??  They take FOREVER to bring your dishes to the table, forget side dishes like platano frito or bring it when you finished your meal and bring the entrée before the appetizers even when they are not busy at all.  I've been coming to this place since I moved to Vegas (10 months) and believe me when I say I won't be back.  The owner is the most rude person ever. If you think the waitress is bad; the owner (female) is even worse.  I usually order platanos fritos for my son. First time they brought it at the end of our lunch so we decided next time we'll just get everything to go. We did. When I asked the owner why they were taking so long she first said it was because they had other orders to go before us (which I never saw anyone picking up since I was parked in front of the restaurant) then I asked again and she said they didn't have plantains anymore so she send someone to buy some... Why not saying we just don't have anymore instead of making me wait forever??  I got pissed but she didn't seemed to care. She made me feel like she was doing me a favor. NOT COMING BACK even when I really like the taste of their food.
5 Apparently this place was just re-opened.    No idea, I just went in, there's little booths on the walls, no decor to write home about.  I was greeted by the waitress/cashier, ordered food to go, she spoke to me in English even though I spoke to her in Castellano Spanish and was very polite.  She kinda seemed rude.  She did however suggest a few meals after asking if I'd tried Peruvian food before.  I got the grilled chicken order, with veggies and salad, para llevar (to go)  It was under $10, was a full container of veggies and a huge chicken breast piece with delicious seasonings.  The salad was packed to the top with fresh lettuce and they gave me 3 sauces.  One I used for the salad, the other two were spicy.  I was starving, had just finished 2.5 hours of massage, I ate every bite.  Delicious and fresh.  Will definitely try it again.
4 I'm sad that the pollo com arroz is no longer on the menu but I still think this place is stellar with the new owners.
1 If I could give them no stars I would!!! Because we don't know/have any other Peruvian restaurant close to us (plus we were in the same shopping center as the restaurant) decided to get some food to go.  We got choritos and jalea. I ended up eating the choritos by myself since they were a bit too hot for my husband's taste.  I've been sick for a couple of days now. I got indigestion, nausea, some fever AND now diarreah from eating that!! I know it was the choritos because I had nothing else other than tea with crackers in the morning and nothing at night since I felt bloated!!  PLEASE be careful with the choritos!! They might not be fresh.  I WON'T BE ORDERING OR EATING AT THIS PLACE EVER AGAIN!!
4 My brother and I originally tried Inka Grill back in February 2014. We LOVED their food. We lived in Bolivia when we were younger, so were excited to find a restaurant with a lot of similar cuisine to Bolivia. The owner greeted and served us and was so gracious to talk with us for a long time.  My brother had the Lomo Saltado and I had the Milanesa de Pollo (always my favorite). Both dishes were flavored amazingly. They came with salad (with the best dressing). Loved the sauces (the green is my favorite). It was great to have a Pisco Sour too. Since then, we have returned with different friends and family and the food is always excellent and reasonably priced.  My only feedback would be to brighten up the deco. Occasionally the service has been a little slow (was not the owner serving us).
5 We eat at Inca Grill once or twice a month.  We generally go for a half or full chicken with salad and lots of sauces.   Seems to be the best Peruvian restaurant in town... We love it! :)
5 I don't readily give out 5 stars... but if I could give Inka 10 I would.  Small individually owned place with cozy atmosphere and the owner is just amazing.  On to the food. Wow.... wow... wow, wow, wow, wow.  We had a party of four and each ordered a couple of items to share.  The rotisserie chicken is out of this world.  I had the "Lomo Saltado" which is a marinated skirt steak with veggies and rice.  The marinated meat literally just melted in your mouth (Pro-tip: order it with "extra juice).  We also tried the  "Parihuela" soup which is a seafood soup.  Slap-yo-momma good. The broth had the perfect amount of spice and body, and the seafood (fish, calamari, muscles, etc) was fresh and perfectly cooked.  Also!  The house made Peruvian sauces were literally a symphony of flavors perfectly balanced with fresh flavors and spice.  We will be definitely back next week and many more to come.  Go there.  Try it.  Tell'um I sent ya... and if you don't like, I'll give you your money back! (no refunds for clean plates and licked fingers).
5 Came in with my colleagues after seeing the advertisement of rotisserie chicken. Sat down and was greeted by the owner who gave us her recommendations and in depth explanation of what everything was. Inka Grill has found itself a customer for life. Food, Pricing and staff is amazing. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5 The food was excellent...I'm not sure what was better though, the food or the amazing service that we received!!! The owner was fantastic and made sure that our first experience a great one. I've never eaten Peruvian food before and can't figure out what has taken me so long to try it. I'm glad I did today. I will definitely be back here as it is close to my work and everything we tried was excellent.
3 Upon ordering, everything we requested from the menu was somehow not available.  Maybe an issue with ordering supplies? Our group indulged in some ceviche, a meaty combo and some fish.  What we did eat was tasty with some good spice (heat).
