5 I'll keep this short and brief, Positano is quite simply one of the most authentic Italian restaurants in Scotland, full stop.  They pride themselves on cooking "fresh to order" pasta, meaning you get a nice 'al dente' pasta dish. So what that means is that there is no precooked pasta sitting around in large plastic vats waiting to be heated before serving. It's just out the pack and straight into boiling water for 10-12 minutes. Therefore there isn't a soggy rigatoni or penne quill in sight, hurray!!!   The seafood dishes are a treat, cooked very simply with just good olive oil, garlic, cheery tomatoes etc. The pizza's are also fantastic, big, thinly stretch with tasty toppings.  I've visited Positano on numerous occasions and I've never been disappointed. The kitchen staff are all Italian and know their stuff. You can always hear them chatting away in the background, I find it creates a good atmosphere. The owner is incredibly enthusiastic, welcoming, slightly zany but a treat to chat to.  Positano's prices are very reasonable which makes this one of my Edinburgh favourites.  I just can't quite believe I'm the first to review it!
5 I happened on Positano the last time my parents were here because my mom was in the mood for Italian food.  Mid-week, the four of us were the first diners  and while we were there no more than two or three other tables appeared.  Fortunately, between the four of us and our hilarious waiter, we never had the feeling you often get in an empty restaurant, and indeed were made to feel so welcome we stayed for quite a while.  Our meal was excellent - we felt properly Italian in ordering and sharing loads of different dishes, eating a few bites here and there as everything arrived and not having typical "main" meals if that makes sense.    While the food really was wonderful and wholesome and comforting, what made Positano really shine was our waiter.  He laughed at my dad's ridiculous jokes, bantered with my husband, and was charming to my mom.  He even brought us extra tiramisu (on the house) when my dad raved about how good it was.    I would absolutely recommend Positano, and think that while it would be fine for a couple, it's best for groups so you can eat properly family style.    At the end of it, having consumed two bottles of wine and several different dishes, the bill was so low (around £70 I think) that my parents had to read the bill twice to be sure we had actually been charged for everything we ate.  We had.    Positano has a lot of competition in Newington but does offer a special and affordable dining experience that can't be matched.
5 love the risotto and lobster lasagne! We stayed in Edinburgh only for 10 days, but we came here for three times. Every time I went, i love it better! Definitely a 5 star!!!
5 What a great find! The service is for sure the best I have had in Edinburgh. The owner/chef was very hospitable and chatty. Lovely Italian man who we ended up having some really interesting conversations with. The food was also very good! We had a special; chicken wrapped in Parma  ham smothered in a white wine sauce. They even made a special small pizza for the wee one!   The people working here really fussed over our daughter which was a breath of fresh air. Most places don't really interact with children in this way. It really sets a positive good dinner atmosphere for a family. The owner even surprised wee one with a free ice cream dessert! Which was the icing on the cake!   Very lovely people and top notch food. Can't sing higher praises for this place.
4 The food was good and decently priced. You could smell the delicious aroma coming out of the restaurant before you even walk in. The service was SLOW though. Coming in to grab a quick dinner by myself, one of the waiters acted like it wasn't his problem to find a seat for me & didn't know what to do with most tables being full. Even after the crowd cleared and I got a table, the service was slow so that was not an excuse.  I would come back though to try it again!
