5 I've eaten here a few times over the past month, and I have to say each new item I try is my new favorite.  This place does what Mexican restaurants I grew up eating at growing up did - unpretentious, high quality honest food.  Finding the place isn't the easiest as they are literally tucked in between a sandwich shop and animal hospital, totally invisible from Scottsdale road because of the Denny's out front, but once you've found it, you don't want to go to any other "taco shop."  I've tried a few different taco's, next on my list is their fried fish, can't wait.  Their carnita's they crisp up a portion when your order it, so it's a bit crispy.  Today I had something I know I'll order again; shrimp fajita burrito, enchilada style with green sauce.  To Die 4!  I've spread the word at my work as well about their very reasonable catering as we've become tired of the sandwich and pizza staples in the area.    Check this place out, support your true local mom & pops over the other chain "taco shop" in the area, you will not be disappointed.
5 Very tasty and quick Mexican food. I've been here a couple times now and everything I've tried has been very good. The Kayla's breakfast is delicious, as are the carne asada tacos and blackened fish tacos.
2 Curiously flavorless food. Music is apparently kept at a loud volume to cover the sound of the droning fans in the kitchen area. Liquor in house margarita may have been measured in an eye dropper. Dining room is functional, but far from comfortable. Those giving this place five stars really should get out more.
5 Yea, this Habanero's is just as good, if not better than the original. Get the fajita dish, it's so FRESH!
4 Service is authentically welcoming. Food is authentically fantabulous! Oh, this place has some good vibes! There seemed to be a good amount of "regulars" which is always a good sign, especially with larger-sized familes in this economy. I had the blackened chicken nachos (okay, half an order and wish I had been with someone to share the huge portion). There was tons of chicken, fresh chopped guacamole, plus all the other yummy fixin's one would expect to find. Wash down with a fountain drink, bottled beer, or house margarita and it makes for a tasty treat! I think I'll go back next weekend to try the breakfast menu - ole!
5 Oh yeah.. Carne Asada Burrito or do I want Carnitas???  They are both so flavorful and tasty.  Yes sometimes the carnitas can be a bit greasy but its oh so yummy.  Okay, it's not Chipotle or a (fill in the blank) bertos but seems to run in the middle.  If that makes sense.  The best part of the burritos is that its just meat, guacamole, and some pico de gallo no beans.  I know they say beans are good for you but it doesn't mean I have to like them.  Besides I think there is already enough mush in the burrito with the guacamole.   =)
1 Called in our order, went to pick it up and presented a 20% off coupon I received in the mail.  A male employee started speaking to the cashier in Spanish about the coupon for quite a while.  She very meekly pointed out to me a letter they had printed up and put on the register that the coupon was dine in only, however, the coupon didn't state that on it.  So, obviously they were losing money on the deal (the place was totally empty at dinner time), and decided to change their policy AFTER the coupon was sent out.  I was also offended that the cashier and this other person were speaking about me and my transaction in Spanish in an attempt to hide what they were saying, not sure what the big deal even was, just tell me the coupon is dine in only and leave it at that.  And, after all that, the food was very mediocre, not worth the price.  My daughter wouldn't even eat her food.  We won't be back and I'll make sure to spread the word!
4 Authentic Taste. Authentic Kitchen Style. Refried black beans taste like my mom's. Delicious. Flavorful. More flavor than a typical 'Mexican' restaurant but without that heavy heavy feeling. Only drawback for one in a rush is the cook time. Worth the wait though! Price is a deal for the result.
4 I have been coming here for lunch over the past few months and I finally decided it was time to write a review. Habanero's is definitely a nice little spot for lunch, it's quick but the food is made fresh. Being a Mexican food fanatic I know good Mexican food and this is definitely it. Everything on the menu is fairly inexpensive but the portions are a good size, I always leave feeling satisfied.   My favorite item on the menu is the blackened fish taco salad, it has everything you could ever want on a taco salad from tasty guacamole to satisfying rice and beans. The blackened fish is absolutely amazing, it's cooked to perfection. I highly recommend anything on the menu that has the blackened fish.   Today I decided to try something a little different. I ordered the a la Mexicana with chicken. It's juicy marinated chicken sautéed with jalapeños and onions, it also comes with a side of rice and beans and warm flour tortillas. I definitely wasn't disappointed. The chicken was flavorful and grilled to perfection. I made tacos out of the chicken, rice and beans and then covered them with the habanero salsa. The habanero salsa gave the tacos a big kick, but it was worth my mouth being on fire for the remainder of my lunch break.  The only reason that I gave Habanero's 4 stars is because I'm not the biggest fan of their salsa. I am a salsa connoisseur (you probably didn't know there was such a thing lol), so I am quite critical when it comes to salsa. They have 3 kinds of salsa, verde (mild), red (medium) and habanero (very hot!). All of their salsas are very thin, they have more of a hot sauce consistency. While the salsas do taste good mixed in with your meal they aren't really ideal for chips and salsa but it all depends on what kind of salsa consistency you prefer.   Overall the food is delicious, the staff is very friendly and the service is wonderful! I will definitely become a regular!
5 I found this place several months ago, and have been back every week since.  The best part is the freshness of the food.  When you order anything, it goes on the grill, which is essentially located within the dining area.  You can see everything that goes in to making your order.  I have tried just about everything, and can highly recommend the blackened fish, carnitas, and ground beef.  Whether it's in a taco, burrito or nachos.  The ground beef is surprisingly awesome.  Not your typical 'wet' ground beef.  They dry-flavor the hamburger, then grill it.  Best I have ever had.  I still need to try the blackened chicken, but having a hard time ordering something new!  Oh yeah, they make a fantastic breakfast burrito too.
4 I entered the empty (5pm) restaurant and ordered a blackened chicken burrito. I very much enjoyed the burrito and the hot (habenero) sauce I was able to pour over my burrito. Amazingly spicy but a delicious flavor!
3 Hit or miss. Nice place to catch a quick bite.
4 The best Chili releno ever!  We will be back!
5 I've been here twice. Both times I recieved very tasty food, friendly, attentive service, in a clean dining room. There was no waiting, and the prices are a bargain.  -- I recommend it!
5 Love the Lobster enchiladas; not on the menu, special item usually Saturdays. The flan is excellent. Family run business, very friendly people. Recipes have been handed down for generations.
5 Amazing food! Eat here once to twice a week. Best deal in Scottsdale for Mexican food.
4 Been here three times. Owner has been there each time and was very nice. The food was pretty good and very inexpensive. The place is a combo of counter ordering or they will take your order at the table [maybe depending upon how busy they are - but there has only been few people when I have been there]. If you are looking for a sit-down mexican food place, this won't really serve your needs. But if you don't care and just want some good inexpensive food, you can do worse.
5 excellent food and service. truly feel one of the best mexican restaurants in a very competitive arena
5 Very good, fresh, authentic food that is prepard and served by a really nice family. This place is very informal. Exactly what I don't expect in Scottsdale. Bonus: All beers on tap are Mexican.
5 Incredible authentic tacos. Incredibly fresh and homemade ingredients. Their calamari and blackened tacos keep me coming back week after week. Also, very friendly service. I showed up 10 minutes after their posted closing time on a Sunday and they fired up the grill again to make me some take-out tacos.
5 We have found one the best Mexican food restaurants in Arizona!  It has such a great mix of choices on their menu and the food is always fresh and made to order!   I love their cheese enchiladas because they are made on the spot instead of in mass quantities which have been sitting around all day.    The staff are incredibly friendly and remember you and your name and your order within a couple of visits.    We like to order take-out from them and it is always fresh, hot and ready when they say it will.   And our requests for multiple orders are always correct!  That is hard to find these days.     Give them a try - I doubt you will be disappointed.
4 First time there.  Food was tasty, though portions a bit small and very reasonable prices.  Friendly service and nice seeing them busy.  Will definitely go back again.
4 Not your regular mex fare, super tasty, perfectly chilled beer and great service. The blackened shrimp enchilada was excellent. Highly recommended, we'll be returning soon.
5 Awesome food, staff is great, prices you can't beat! Definitely try the quesadillas!
5 So here for lunch. So delicious . I had the blackened chicken and carne asada tacos . They were a bit spicy and cooked to order. Decided to have a corona to accompany my meal. Staff were great very friendly and helpful. Definitely coming back with my family!
5 Had my first visit after glowing reviews from my AZ business contact.  The food is awesome! I had the lobster taco special and a ground beef burrito as well and both were excellent. The guacamole were fresh too.  Friendly staff and good food.
4 We came expecting a slightly more formal restaurant, but this casual set up worked for us too. They have a bar area that had more patrons at it then were sitting at the tables for food.   They did not have to twist our arm to get us to try their margarita drink special. The margaritas were pretty average but they were cheap so that is a win in my book!  The drinks worked well with the basket of chips and 3 salsas which were delivered to the table. One of the salsas was ridiculously mild, but the green and hotter red (habanero) were tasty. Our server did a great job keeping us topped off with the two salsas that we liked.   We ordered the lobster enchiladas and the parilladas. The lobster enchilada was not overflowing with lobster but there was enough there to let it be known that it was  present. This was my first time having parilladas, which is essentially a mixed meat fajita with pan fries thrown in for good measure. Not a huge fan of the potato addition so I will opt for straight up fajitas in the future.   Definitely a great choice for good food in an elevated fast food setting.
1 Breakfast burrito this morning was inedible. The potatoes were big and unweidly and sorely undercooked. Staff was not prepared for opening 30 minutes after opening time. The cashier was still moping the floor and the cook was in the back loafing and the chairs were still upside down on the tables. Ordered chicken breakfast burrito, but chicken was heavily spiced and poor quality today and the whole burrito was a hot mess. At 6 bucks, it was clearly a ripoff.
5 Great food. Reasonable prices. Very friendly. We were looking for a relatively quick lunch place and this hit the spot perfectly. We would definitely come back.
5 I finally found a taqueria in AZ!!! I'm from CA and had been having hardest time finding really good Mexican that wasn't gourmet or a chain restaurant. I'm sooo happy I finally found a place when I'm in the mood for Mexican Food!! Their guacamole is fresh with a hint of lime and the carne asada is delicious!! I can't wait to try their burritos!!
3 Super casual, more like a lunch spot or a place for a quick dinner. The food was good (nothing special) (had chips and chicken fajitas) but the service was very personable and prompt.
1 If you're looking for a Taco Bell like meal this is it... Only more expensive Chili Rellanos greasy limp lacking flavor... No blended frozen Margariras...Rice cold and  again no flavor....gacamole same no flavor.... Not worth the $$ Skip this restaurant Scottsdale has many more restaurants with a lot more going for them....
3 We tried Habaneros out a couple days ago. The staff is very friendly and the prices are spot on for the amount and type of food you get.  The nachos are a great starter for the value. Lots of meat, beans, cheese and all the other fixings that nachos should have. The chicken fajitas were huge for $10. Not the best ones I've had considering there's no lettuce or tomato included, but not bad. Lots of peppers and onions.  The carnitas burrito (enchilada style) is something I would definitely pass on. The meat was extremely bland and there wasn't any wet sauce that you could expect on an enchilada style burrito.  I would give them a 3.5, but I'm rounding down because I'm not necessarily dying to go back. The quality just wasn't quite there, but at the price point it's still a value.
5 So Good!!! deliciously flavored Mexican food in North Scottsdale...a rare find.   This place is right by the Gun Club lol.. anyways lets just say i called up in advance to pick up my order and glad I did so.. Ordered a carne asada burrito with a fried fish taco, along with 2 tostadas and the pork carnitas enchiladas for mom dukes.   Everything had flavor and sauce was spicy not bland and mild like some places are in strip malls. The service was pleasant and very attentive to the customer didn't just eyeball me or stare when i asked for extra napkins lol.   Ill continue to drop by... but won't eat here every week just due to my good health ha.  5 STARS
4 If you want good Cali style taqueria food this is it!! Everything had good flavor! Rice, guacamole, blackened chicken tacos, surf & turf, and the salsas were all excellent! Good service and a casual, unpretentious atmosphere was also exactly what I was looking for.
4 Tried this place out for the first time food was awesome! I would definitely go back the only let down was the service was kind of crummy, there server did not seem like she wanted to be there... maybe it was an off night or something
4 Good food normally. I went with lobster taco special today - not so good. Barely any lobster there, loaded with guacamole. I think I'll stick to the ground beef and calamari tacos from now on. But you have to try new things every now and then, right?
3 Good food, horrible customer service. I have been to this place three time. The carne asada was a little tough to eat but the flavor was good. The cashier/waitress seems like she hates her job, she always has a horrible attitude.
5 Locally owned place with character. Good service. Excellent fish tacos and carne asada.
5 I absolutely love this place. The food is authentic, extremely fresh and homemade, including the salsas and pico de gallo. And it's relatively healthy--not greasy at all. Did I mention inexpensive? I paid $7.25 for a large shrimp fajita burrito. I'll be coming here on the regular! Really great service as well :)
5 I stop by here everytime I'm in Scottsdale. Guac is fantastic. I'm not a big chicken fan ( and it's always recommended to me) so the enchiladas and blackened shrimp are my go to. Atmosphere is nothing fancy, service has always been super friendly and fast. If only we could get rid of the styrofoam cups. I guess you could just order alcohol:)
1 One of my worst service experiences ever. Now I wasn't expecting a lot but...I sat for 15 minutes, nothing. Others were getting service.  So I went to counter. Took my order then served other tables...confusing. anyways I waited and waited for food. Nachos had no sour cream or cheese! They brought me sour cream but no cheese is chips not nachos.
4 Searched Yelp for a Mexican restaurant as we were driving. TheYelpers were spot on.    Two people for lunch and we shared the Parrillada for two, with shrimp.  Very tasty.  I had corn tortillas and the partner had wheat. Both were tasty. It is similar to fajitas but this was better.  The steak, carnitas and chicken were good.  The chicken was the best of the three. The chorizo was outstanding.  Even included onions and potatoes.  I am from the east coast so not sure when I will get back.  But certainly will add it to my hit list.   Lunch - no table service but they do come by often.  Dinner does have full table service.
5 I love this place. I come here with my family once but will come back. Thank you! I love it all. My sister ate a quesadilla for the first time in two years and she flipped. She was in Korea. We had one of the best waitresses also. I love it!
5 I went here with my brother, Riley H., and everything he said about me and Habaneros was true. The food was amazing and the waitress was the best we've had.
4 Doesn't look like much...being in a strip mall but the food is great. We arrived on a week night and there were plenty of seats. The service was good and the food was excellent. I ordered the chicken tacos and they were loaded with plenty of food. Real, authentic Mexican food and for the right price.
4 Because the sign said "cantina", we were expecting more of a restaurant and bar than a counter with tables. We walked in and thought, ok I guess we place our order at the cashier and then find a seat. But we were seated and given menus, though they were paper and all the other service items were paper/plastic except for my margarita glass. It felt odd because it was kind of trying to be a restaurant but only in certain ways. I guess I shouldn't complain because the prices were very reasonable. We had a nice waitress with good service. Overall the food was great! I wasn't that hungry but the blackened chicken tacos with a hard shell were awesome and could have eaten 5 or 6. If I could get specific with improvements, it would be to offer real plates and glasses for all table service, upgrade the paper napkins and menus and warm up the chips and offer them complimentary.
5 I love this joint. Odd place for a Mexican food restaurant but they make things fresh to order. Price is pretty good too. I will eat there anytime I am in the area. Especially the chorizo burrito.  YUM
2 After reading the reviews on yelp and then eating there I am losing my faith in the collective wisdom of yelp. First the chips and salsa; very bland and watered down salsa. Next the chille relleno; tasteless. I have had better tasting Mexican food in Berlin, Germany.  Service was friendly and a good Margarita. Inecpensive as well.
1 I know that everyone has a difference in opinions--and this is mine: My husband and I ordered cheese enchiladas and flour tortilla hard shelled tacos.  When the food came, it smelled like hay from inside a horse barn. Yes, I almost felt like I was at a 4-H grounds. It tasted just as bad. No flavor, other than the smell of the horse barn. YUCK!!!  I took one bite and had to spit it out immediately!  We ended up leaving without even eating and when the waitress asked if we liked it, I said, "no." I couldn't tell her it was the best I've had when the plates were still full. She proceeded to inform me that the reason we didn't like the food was because we didn't choose the right combo (example: soft/hard shelled, corn/flour tortilla). No, ma'am, the reason is because the meat was disgusting and the food belonged in a barn.  I'm not quite sure what flavor people are used to, but trust me when I say you won't find ANY here! :/ I really wish I could give this place zero stars!!
4 This place was GOOD. The salsa was a little flavorless, but the chips were awesome, the tortillas were fresh and the blackened fish tacos were seriously delicious. The blackened fish was particularly spicy, but as long as I had a sip of water afterward, it didn't bother me too much (I'm a bit of a wimp when it comes to hot stuff). We will be visiting again.   The staff was friendly and the restaurant was nice and clean. Big fan.
5 Came in because I was nearby that day for work. It was this or subway. Definitely got more than I expected! Service was great and good came super quick. I've had plenty of chicken burritos all over the southwest but the blackened chicken burrito here is the best I've ever had. Hands down. That thing made my day. A friend had the bean and cheese burrito and said the same thing. Give it a try if you're looking for some quick quality Mexican/ southwestern food
4 Really good tacos! Really bad margaritas! Just stick with the food and the beer. The calamari tacos are my favorite.
5 WAS WONDERFUL! Food was very fresh and had great taste! Just a hair more expensive than Chipotle but much much better! We will return
