5 After parking my car in the hot sun and not cracking my window slightly I came out from shopping to find a crack in my windshield from one end to the other.  I called Clear Quality Auto Glass and had a replacement window installed at my home within 24 hours.  I was very impressed with the courtious prompt service and price.
5 I had my husband's truck windshield replaced as an early Father's Day present. After shopping around, I went with Clear Quality.  I am so glad I did!!!  I spoke with Jennifer when I called to get pricing and explained that I was trying to surpirse my husband, but had to figure out a way to get his truck without him figuring out what I was up to. She gave me her personal cell number and told me to call her anytime to work out the details. Not only did she go above and beyond that way,  but she also price matched the lowest bid I got and that included the mobile service too! I was able to surprise my hubby without breaking the bank. I need to have the front windows on my van tinted,  and I will be calling them when I'm ready. Awesome customer service and great pricing!!!
5 I am very impressed with Clear Quality. Yesterday when I was leaving work, a large rock destroyed my windshield. I found Clear Quality here on Yelp and gave them a call because they were near me and had mobile service. They gave me a great price and were able to come out to my house within 24 hours. They also worked with my insurance, so I didn't end up having to pay anything! Pete was great on the phone, and John did really great work. He was done in under an hour! I will definitely be recommending Clear Quality in the future!
5 Our car dealership uses Clear Quality exclusively. Great service and quality job every time. We highly recommend them to our customers.
1 Warning everyone Do not waste your time! What a waste of my money!!! Pete and Jose ripped me off!! I paid to fix a small crack in my windshield and it didn't even last 3 weeks!!.. They say they "lifetime warranty" their work but when I called to get my windshield replaced they quoted me more than every other place I called around town including ford and they weren't even replacing with a ford windshield!!.. When I asked for my money back they didn't even fully refund me because Jose, the technician, scammed me by writing over the real price i should have been charged with the price he charged me after he tore off the carbon copy... And I even tipped him!!! Pete was so rude and Jose is a snake! This company is a joke!!
