4 Very clean laundromat. Machines are kept up well. Always an attendant on duty keeping floors, counters and machines spotless. Everything operates off a card which is nice: downside  if anything goes wrong with the card, the attendant has to call and they are not able to necessarily take care of the problem right then and there. When I had a problem, they were helpful, but it would have been much more convenient if the attendant had access to the computer to fix. That being said, I've only had a problem with it once in ten years.   It's a little more expensive than your average run down laundry joint  but well worth it!!!
1 When our washing machine died, it was back to the land of the laundromats for a couple of weeks.  This was *not* the place to go.  I figured the convenience of having a "coinless" wash would be better than getting the rolls of quarters.  Found out later that I had a card that with $10 left that I couldn't get refunds.  Finally sold it to another customer but at least quarters I can spend elsewhere.  On top of that were the kids running everywhere (parents?!?) and some lady with six poodles that peed (the poodles, not the lady) all over a laundry cart, if I have to use the laundromat again, it won't be here.
3 Machines were in good order. Had no problems.
5 Very clean and good atmosphere. The Tvs play fox and the people are nice. Highly recommended to go early morning during the week to avoid busy hours and kids running around.
4 Seems like a decent neighborhood. I stopped one night to wash some clothes while on vacation. Cash only so bring bills. There is a small fee ($.50) for obtaining a money card for use in the machines. Machines seem newer and there are a lot of them. The room was bright with several large screen televisions. 4 loads (2 machines) wash and dry for about $12. There are some parking spaces out front so you could pull in, put your clothes in a machine and then watch and wait from your car. There are two bathrooms (male/female). Arby's and Safeway are in the same parking lot. I'd have no problem going here again.
2 I went on a Monday, mid morning, to clean some heavy duty items (like couch pillows). I had seen a previous review talking about the large capacity machines so I thought is try them out.  A lot of the regular machines were out of order.   There were only 2 of the washers there and once I out my money in and my soap, the machine wouldn't start, so the lady there had to help me switch machines. The attendant was very helpful the entire time I was there. I'm not a big fan of the money card to work the machines, plus the card machine charges you 50 cents for a new card purchase.  There were benches and chairs and the place has free wifi. The bathroom wasn't working and there no TVs or music, so come with your phone charged or a book or something.  Also, the carts don't go outside so you gotta be organized bringing your stuff and out.  Large machine is 7.15 a load, the medium machine was 5.99 and the dryers were 70 cents for a 20 min dry cycle.
