4 I needed my Galaxy S2 screen replaced, and found this on Yelp.  They were extremely fast, it was finished in less time than estimated.  Also very friendly.  I would recommend All Mobile Matters.
5 My iPhone wouldn't charge after buying a new cord. I was calling around town and these guys gave me the best price. Headed over to Tempe Marketplace and the guy told me it was going to take about 20 mins....Did one loop around the place and 10 mins later...It was done! Good as new!   Great price, Quick, I definitely recommend this place if you need a repair for your phone!
5 Was very helpful and did an excellent job on repairing my Apple products. Very knowledgable and experienced techs and great prices.
4 This review is for the Arizona Mills location, which is currently not listed on yelp. My husband found All Mobile Matters through a web search, so I got a quote thru their website to replace the charging port on my HTC Incredible 2 phone. Last weekend I was unexpectedly going to be at the mall, thanks to my teenager, and called to see if they could fix my phone. They found they did have the part in stock, and said it would take about an hour. When I got there, the guy said they'd have to order the part, yet when I told him I had called and they said they had the part needed, he found it had been ordered for someone who had cancelled, so yes, they did have the part. I gave him my phone, he wrote me a pick up receipt, and I went shopping.  An hour or so later I returned to pick up my phone, and another guy was there, the one I had talked with on the phone. My phone was fixed and it was $45 ($4 less than the $49 email quote). Later I found my volume bars didnt work, and realized it must have been from them working on it, so called and they told me to bring it in and they could fix it in a few minutes. I was not happy about this as we live 30 miles away! He apologized for the inconvenience, and said they do check that everything works before returning the phone to the customer. Of course I got to be the exception! So today we trecked back there, and they fixed the volume without a problem. All employees I dealt with (2-3) were nice and professional, and they provided a good service at a reasonable price. (Just make sure to check that all the buttons are working properly before you leave!) Thanks All Mobile Matters!
5 All mobile matters is the absolute best cell phone repair company. I took my phone to Scott at the Tempe Market location & he replaced my Samsung Galaxy S4 screen in a matter of minutes. Thanks Scott.....
5 Great service! I needed my phone glass and LCD replaced. They had the parts in stock and fixed it within 10 minutes.
3 Ok kgovvmk mfujBBCd nftthmmn jhrthmlbn gfknotdnk hfdkoknh jruhhng jgogk ofrdbbc.coldghosthv  kg       Vf2fkxyvvv gfjcnifglvry
1 I would not go back to this place, or recommend to anyone to come here, I was given an estimated time of 45 mins for a screen replacement, came back hour and 15 mins later, and it was still not done, the guy who was supposed to be fixing the phone, was chatting with friends when i arrived, and after seeing me, he still did not start to work on my phone, after the gossip session had ended, and after i waited an additional 25 mins, the screen was replaced, and that too a pretty bad job, not worth the $145.00. Next time going straight to Apple.
