5 I'm surprised the Nando's Hideaway hasn't been reviewed yet! It's been open for well over a year, & serves amazing breakfast.  They have $3 bloody mary's and mimosa's, and all of the breakfast dishes are under $8 or $9. Most of them are closer to $7, some are even less. They have mexican breakfast foods (carne asada & eggs, enchiladas, breakfast tacos), as well as american (like french toast & pancakes) and then they have a mix of both, like delicious eggs benedict, but they use a chipotle hollandaise sauce--seriously some of the best I've even had! I have a few friends who agree.  Only thing that sucks is it's only open from 7:30am to 11am on saturday and sunday :(   BUT it gives me something to look forward to, to actually wake up early on the weekends!!
3 Great food. Good bloody Mary's. Service was eh... But the waitress realized she ignored us. Ha! No harm done. For Arizona... This place was good.
2 Since we live in the neighborhood we frequent nearly all of the establishments around us with the exception of any national chains and thankfully there are very few of those. We've been to Nando's main establishment in the front of the building. Consistently good food and great service as the place is usually packed most evenings.   But the Hideaway, that's a much different story. Looking for breakfast we dropped in this morning. The place was about 2/3 full as we stood there since there were not host/hostess around. Some guy who was sitting with a party said, just sit wherever. Ok we did. We waited and waited then finally the waiter came by and gave us menus and walked away. We waited another 5-8 minutes then he came back and asked what we wanted for beverage and we ordered our coffees and water. Those came without hesitation. Ok then time to order. While we were waiting to order another older couple came in and sat down. By that time the guy who had directed us to sit anywhere had moved on to talk with others at another table. It was obvious that he was the manager.   Our waiter finally returned and took out order. As we waited, we noticed that that older couple that came in had been totally ignored by the wait staff. The gentleman looked around and mentioned something to a passing waitress but to no avail. They got up and left and at that point anyone would have done the same. The most disturbing part was this "manager" was sitting right next to them and totally ignored them as they left. That was wrong. He should had seen before they even thinking of leaving that something was wrong. Instead he chose to ignore the situation and the customers as well. Well enough on that.   Our food arrived 20 minutes after we had ordered and that did not disappoint. I had the mexican pizza and my wife the nuevos ranchero plates. Delicious! But, during that whole time not one server came by to ask about refills on coffee when they had been emptied long long before. When we were through we had to flag down a server for to go boxes and the check. Our original server hung around and talked to folks at the bar the whole time. We paid with cash so we could get out of there before lunch. I gave it 2 stars ONLY because the food was 4 star+. The service however a 1 at best. The manager a negative 5 stars for his ignorance. Gotta fix this or we won;t be back.
5 Wish there was 6 stars. This place on the weekends for breakfast is fabulous.  The menu is full of great selections, but you have to try their Biscuits and Gravy with Chorizo when it is on their special.  The Green Chili Pork plate with an egg on top is equally as good. Trust me you will not be disappointed.
4 Great little weekend breakfast spot that isn't full of snow birds (not yet anyway). Decent menu selection and food is very good , service is excellent . It's basically their bar area that the turn to a restaurant on weekends so you have sports on quite a few TV's but it's not loud or crowded.
2 Sorry Nandos hideaway but the food was not great at all. No flavor , pricey , not even eye appealing. The only tasty thing was the Ranchero sauce.
