1 Girly is very rude and she is the manager and the owner is super rude and doesn't get much done... I moved in and everything was broken and I called maintenance every day and the owner got to a point where he was going to fight me and he was nasty and in a very bad location is this apartment complex
2 The one good thing about this place is the view from the upper floors. The management doesn't want to inconvenience anyone blasting music even if it is past 10pm on a weekday. They do have a bug problem throughout the building.   Unfortunately I am writing this review out of frustration because of a party outside at the pool. The music is so loud that even on the upper floors you can hear it plainly with headphones on from your apartment. The managers response to my complaints about the music being too loud is that she is sorry I don't understand that it's a birthday party for a one-year-old. I told her I don't mind if there is some noise heard from the apartment but when it is to the point that with headphones on you can still hear what's going on outside it is an unlivable situation. I would not recommend moving here.
5 Not sure what the bad reviews are about. I did only just move in this weekend, but so far I'm elated! The apartment is really amazing. The view is phenomenal. Yes, it's an older building, but I'd rather think of it as classic Vegas! The amenities are great, and so far everybody I've met, neighbors and staff, are very friendly. The staff has gone out of their way to make my move into the building as smooth as possible. Maintenance seems to be within an earshot if I need them for anything. The neighborhood is obviously not the greatest or safest in Vegas, but you don't have to move in here to realize that. As long as you're in the building you're pretty safe. They went to great lengths to secure the property from unwanted guests. Bottom line is that I knew what to expect moving in here. It's not Summerlin. This is my first time living this close to the inner city, and it's perfect for my current situation. Number one factor was that they accepted my pit bull (upon meeting her). Secondly, I'm not having to deal with the witch hunts of intrusive HOAs and nosey neighbors with sticks up their asses. I feel very comfortable here, and foresee no major issues that would convince me that I haven't made the right choice moving in. And it has to be said again, I'm looking out my windows right now and I'm just in awe of this view!!
1 The management does not seek professional services when dealing with maintenance issues to keep operating costs low. This has caused a health issue with flooded carpet and pad in the unit. Totally mishandled. Staff seems to have difficulty keeping you updated on what is going on with maintenance issues.  Every place has issues I understand but this frequently is a bit rediculous
1 Worst place ever.. The room looks clean and spacious.. However the room has problem with ventilation..there is no ventilation.. The fan sucks up air from the bedroom and carry it to the living room. Windows do not open.. My apartment had water leakage and for two weeks I had to live with musty smell that made me sick physically..the room has lots of problems from the minute I moved in.. The toilet is leaking water.. The sink in the kitchen is leaking water.. The air condition is leaking water.. The carpet gives me sore throat, and got me really sick just by being in the bedroom..they promised two guards at the premises but I don't see any guards anymore guards anymore after a month of living here. I keep the door open during the day trying to circulate some fresh air into the room.. I made complaints to the management.. Someone who works in the office told me that when she first moved in she was sick for three months.. The manager told me other tenants open the door to try to ventilate as well.. And told me its barely a problem because everybody does it.. I am very confused.. So is it doomed that when somebody move in to the apartment.. You bound to get sick and have to open the door in an unsafe neighborhood without guards?? Is it too much that I am asking here? To simply want to live in a safe and livable condition? I am ready to consult with county Clark and file an complaint and schedule an inspection.. I have only three months lease and I am suffering tremendously both physically and psychologically. If I had longer lease I will hire an attorney to get me out of this lease whatever it takes.. I am writing this because I don't want anybody to go through what I went through.. But if anybody feel that they are tough, and they willing overcome many foreseeable difficulties.. I suggest that this is the place for you.. I just wished somebody had written this review before I moved in..to save myself from all the trouble and damages..
