5 This place is like a must visit every time I come to Arizona. I'm assuming the original Nogales Hot Dogs purchased a food truck and uses this location as one of its stops. This place never fails to satisfy me.   They have this big cooler of three assortments of hot sauces, along with cheese, mushrooms, onions, and chili pepper condiments. The tacos are a fair size, though I had four to myself. The hot dogs aren't Costco sized, but with all the toppings in it made it sufficient. I don't know their hours, but it's always around at night when I swing by.
5 BEST MEXICAN FOOD IN PHOENIX!! enough said.   not a whole lot of choices, but the best hot dogs, the best lengua tacos and great service. authentic. we go here every single Saturday night for dinner.
5 This place is THE BEST! Cheap, tasty mexican food served out of a roach coach! Yes those dogs are awesome but what this one has that the carts don't are the vampiros. So bomb! Eat those grilled sonoran peppers and some habanero hot sauce and your doin it right! The owner is at this location a lot. He's a nice guy. Owns all the carts around the valley. Either you have to know where they are or ask him he'll tell you. Too bad they don't stay open after the bars it is perfect drunk food!
5 love this place.  hot dogs are the best and the tacos are great too.  they are even open cor lunch.
4 My favorite taco joint ever! They offer traditional pastor, asada, cabeza and veggie options but for me it's the seasoning of said meats that seals the deal ... not sure what it is but it is addicting. The salsa is nice and tangy with a bit of heat.   Bet you can't have just one :)
5 Food was so damn good make you wanna slap your mama!! Lol I got food for the family and the burgers are good my daughter loved her cheese fries and the hot dogs were amazing and the burrito was smaller than filibertos but so much more better as far as taste. My only complaint would be about the quesdilla they were small and definitely not worth the money buy overall a 5 and will be a repeat customer
5 Something I never would have thought I would have had the chance to experience. But I'm so glad I did. These are best after a good night of drinking.
