5 Maurice and his guy were fantastic!! They arrived early, were professional, prepared, worked hard, were gentle and very friendly. They helped unload our 17ft Uhaul into a 2 story house after a move from Seattle to Las Vegas. We hired them for 2hrs, but they only need 45mins to completely unload and organize all the furniture and boxes to their assigned rooms. They damaged NOTHING and were even offering to help reassemble furniture afterwards. Wish I would have had them for the loading back in Seattle. They showed up with their own dollie and hand truck. I was amazed at how efficient they were. Would hire them again in a second and probably will once our lease is up. VERY satisfied customer.
5 My move was truly made stress free! Maurice and his partner are professional, prompt, and knowledgeable.  I was making the move to SoCal. They packed everything perfectly! Since my things were going in storage when I arrived in LA he even explained to me how to pack up my storage which was a great help! Thank you Maurice for making this a positive experience!
5 Maurice and his crew were life savers!  I am so glad I decided to good ahead and hire them to help me move.  They were extremely reasonable and did a fantastic job.  Highly recomend, worth every penny.  And on top of all that they are super nice!
5 I've never had a move that was fun before. But Maurice, and his 2 co workers made that possible. Talk about less stress??? We laughed the entire time. Even though it was a fun day, we got everything packed into the truck, moved and unpacked without any damage to anything. In fact, they helped kind of repair some stuff that was already falling apart!!! I could go on and on. These guys are the best. Professional but personable. Quick and efficient, safe and secure! Awesome job and I WILL be calling them again.
5 This really was a "Less Stress" move! I was so glad that I selected them for my daughter's move out of her 1-br apartment!   Maurice and company were fun, professional and so quick!  The move was completed right at my planned budget.  I would definitely recommend them for anyone looking for a moving company!
