5 This store is a GOD send for any large man who is tired of wearing his "Father's" outdated clothes, simply because he's a large man & has to settle for the elastic waist pants, droopy shirts & clothes that just aren't stylish. There's a gentleman there by the name of 'Clarence.' He is PHENOMENAL!! He happily took over an 1 1/2 hrs to make sure my husband walked out of the store looking & feeling better about himself. He was honest, sincere & very professional. If something didnt look good on my husband, he would tell him so.   You could tell his one desire was to make my husband understand that being a big guy wasn't a bad thing. He helped him to step out of his comfort zone with the same old same old style, but told him to do it in baby steps. Add a 'little' color (hubby has always just worn Jeans & T-shirts, thats it), try differnet fabrics, go with a different look, but not all at once. Ease into it. He walked out of there with a sense of, "I'm a good looking big guy & I deserve to look good." Clarence is the man. My husband felt like he had his very own personal stylist.   If you're a Big guy & wanna look good & feel good, go see Clarence. You will NOT regret it!! Thank you Clarence, You put my husband in the best mood he's been in for years. =)  Deb & Larry Cowans    *Hours:  Mon 10am - 6pm Tue-Sat 10am - 7pm Sun 12pm - 5pm    *Payment: DISCOVER, MASTER CARD, VISA    *Neighborhoods: Whitney Ranch .    *Brands: Cutter & Buck, Polo Ralph Lauren, 626 Blue, Harbor Bay, Nautica, Oak Hill, Synrgy, Reebok
1 1 Star? Absolutely. Here's why.  1: Service: Walk in, get stared at, never spoken to, stand at counter, get ignored, exit. 2: Pricing. Why would I want to pay $25 for a polo shirt that will start to rip out under the arm in about 6 months when I can go to JC Penney's 2 blocks away at the Galleria Mall and buy a similar polo and an XLT t-shirt for $20 and still save $5?  3: Access. Getting in and out of this strip mall shoehorned into a tiny plot of land at the corner of Marks and Sunset is no fun. Especially when you get ignored when you go inside.   In short your best bet is to just stay on Sunset and drive right on by. You can do better than this on price and quality.
5 Amazing service, Clarance knew my measurements purely from an estimate, he was engaging and we left having spent a good degree of our discretional money. Seriously good advice, seriously great service and good prices.
