4 It's always exciting to be able to support the local arts, particularly when it is associated with a big name such as Don Bluth.  Mr. Bluth is known for directing animated films such as The Secret of NIMH, Anastasia and The Land Before Time. The Don Bluth Front Row Theatre is a little gem located in the corner of a strip mall at Shea and 101.    My husband I and bought our $1I (regular price $23) tickets from Goldstar of Oliver!, the first show in the theater's new space. The clapboard signs led us to an nondescript theater space with a very eager and welcoming staff to hand us our programs and show us to our seats. The single theater was in a black-box sized,  theater-in-the-round.   While we waited for curtain we noticed the fine tuning of the theater with snips of loose threads and spot-cleaning of upholstery, supervised by Mr. Bluth,  and what I assumed to be, the very friendly theater manager.   The intimate theater seats about 100 people (with a few in folding chairs... I hope those were comp. tickets) and the performance we saw was set on a 3/4 thrust stage against what looked like a drop-cloth backdrop.   Unfortunately, prior to the show we could hear what cast or crew behind the curtains-- breaking the illusion of the forth wall. The seating however was clean and comfortable.   As this is not a review of the show (which was quite delightful!) I will limit this mainly to the theater company.   For better or worse, due to the limited space, the audience is incorporated into the show. Being just inches away, the cast has to be aware of audience members' outstretched legs but it was a unique eexperience to be so close to the character.   Most  impressive were the high-quality costuming and lighting. The costumes were some of the most detailed and well-made that I've in local theater. The lighting was professional as well.  While the actors had to work at projecting, it was nice to have performers that didn't need to me miked.   Overall, the experience was well worth it. There is something very special about being a part of an expanding theater company. I look forward to many more performances and watching this company grow.
5 Visiting the Phoenix area my wife and I were thrilled to see tonight's production of "Guys & Dolls". The theater itself is a little treasure: intimate and comfortable. The musical was amazingly good with a strong cast both in its singing and acting abilities. Highly recommended.
5 Attended Guys and Dolls last night, my first experience at Don Bluth Front Row Theater. I thoroughly enjoyed the production. It was well casted, well executed and one of the best amateur productions I've seen. A great bargain as well, all the seats are good.
