3 Love this place!! Bottom line is that ALL laser hair removal, and really any permanent or semi-permanent hair removal hurts. Either you want the results or you dont! Personally I do, I have PCOS so hair removal is necessary once you get to a certain age. This is amazing because you see instant results. I shave a lot less and need no more waxing or tweezing! The temporary pain from the laser is very real and it's important to take some ibuprofen or something a half hour before you go. You should also take something after you leave, to help with the pain that feels more like a sun burn than anything else.  Aloe helps with the healing process as well. But other than that, it is a simple and clean process.  Simplicity makes payment plans easy and the appointment process is ok as long as you follow up with the facility after you make your appointment to ensure it is booked properly. They also send confirmation emails and reminder calls so you can stay on track.  The women in Henderson are really nice and don't talk too much. I feel very comfortable with them. I get full body done and it's important to feel comfortable with the people who see you naked! :)  I have recommended this place to everyone I know.
5 I'll update each time I go. Today was my first visit. Ive never done laser hair removal and found the lady to be super friendly, made me feel comfortable and in the end i purchased a package to do my entire body!  The tech did mention the ice and numbing cream and the fact that each session she would turn the dial up a bit from the last time.  Session #1 down of 24 ;)
5 Had my first appointment. They were very friendly, personable, and professional. It is a quick treatment. While it is the first appointment, the laser was set at its lowest settings. It's gunna suck as it gets to the higher settings in the later sessions but that is  just how laser hair removal is.   I believe the prices here are great. Their schedule workswell with my schedule. I will come back and update at a later session.
1 The pricing is good and the girls are great BUT....   good luck getting an appointment. They oversell groupons and packages and they do not have the manpower to keep up with it all. Their current schedule is full thru the end of the year. I asked to be let out of my contract since I can't get an appointment and they refused.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere that can handle their clients needs. This company is only concerned with getting people signed up and not performing the service.
3 Pros:  Pricing, Service  Cons:  Appointments are booked our weeks and weeks ahead and if you cancel, you're SOL. Several times we got called in the day of service that laser broke. We were promised a call back with a prompt reschedule and both times nobody called. We had to reschedule a few days later and in a different office further away.
2 It's true what you read about it being totally booked.  If you have to cancel and reschedule, good luck, you will not be seen till like a month or so later. They cancelled one of my appointments and reschedule me but the time I was given wasn't the same time the gentleman told me on the phone. So I was there an hour and half early thinking my appointment was one time, and what the male receptionist told me on the phone and what he put me down wre 2 different times.  I was pist!!!!!! I don't do good waiting especially when it's not expected.  I called the main number to see if I can go to a different office and they said you have to stay at the office you signed up for. If I wanted to change there will be a fee.    My older sister just had her first appointment the other day at the summerlin off and upon arriving they didn't see her because she had her daughters with her. They never stated that you couldn't take kids. My nieces are not babies or toddlers they could of waited in the waiting room being it was her first time. It literally less than 10 min. When I went I did my full body and I was done like in 20, which makes me wonder do they know what there doing.  Since I can't get out of my contract, I guess I have to wait and see how this works. I guess that saying is true. You pay for what you get.
4 nicole was friendly. Quick . in & out. 1st appointment.  No complaints. Haven't seen results yet. I go in for my next appointment in a about a week n a half. 6 weeks between.                 Clean office.  A little chilly tho. Got to wear some snazzy  sunglasses during the treatment. I will be back to use the rest of my groupon.
5 Nicole is amazing! Super quick and painless. The new laser is even better in that it shoots cooler air than the last. Not sure if it is better than the old one but I'm happy to know that I don't have to worry about pain. I had laser treatments on my face and those required numbing cream before each treatment; the treatments were still painful! I have been going for about 5 months and have noticed some results. Either way I love Simplicity because the monthly cost is low and the staff is amazing. Especially Nicole! Don't forget to tip :)
4 I had a Groupon and decided to try this place out.  The place is clean.  The ladies are always pleasant and professional.  I am very happy with my results so far.  I, personally, have never had any problem with scheduling or rescheduling.  The only complaint is that it is a bit far from my house, but there is nothing to be done about that.  The above address is incorrect. They have moved to 870 Seven Hills Drive in Henderson.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
3 ok so.. I to am a GROUPONER...  got the brazilian 6 treatments..  everytime i get a different girl.. so their technique is different as well as I have to be specific on certain areas that they tend to miss.  the price is ok, I feel like they try to upsell me more treatments everytime i go in... ( whats new)  They say you get a free numbing cream.. never got that..  they are pretty booked up so getting an appointment is pretty hard.  Their laser techs: are either estheticians, or worked in med spas .... so their certifications really vary here.  the procedure i reccomend: i saw pretty good results, ive missed one and it seems everything is growing still.. so we shall see.  BUT OVER ALL YOU NEED MORE THAN JUST THE 6 TREATMENTS THEY START YOU WITH.
1 This place is a scam. You have to give them 30 days notice to cancel and in the mean time they will continue to charge your credit card but they won't do any laser for you as soon as you cancelled. So you still pay for the next 30 days and you don't get any remaining service. SCAM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Their reservation are designed to screw you over and maximize their money scam from you, they will say things like everything's booked up for the next month and in the mean time they continue to charge your credit. BE WARNED .
