1 Well I decided to try somewhere different. From the website it kinda does look a bit cheesy, so we thought lets give it a try. Had heard the music was good, so off we went...Horrible is the phrase I'd use....As we arrived a group of hens were being ejected because they had pre-booked something and it wasn't there and were complaining and because  the 'manager' couldn't handle them, out they went. The venue is in a basement, low ceiling and very hot..Floors were running with some sort of liquid...daren't ask what it was..To cut a long story short....It was really naff, with headcase punters, who would start a fight if you looked at them the wrong way..The atmosphere was very aggressive...In all truth,,,avoid like the plague, unless you are one of those people who likes to go out looking for a fight on a Saturday night.
3 Me and my homegirls rolled up to Club Tropicana looking for a wicked cool night. The entry was free and the jaeger bombs quickly lined up. Even at 11, earlier in the night, the tunes were thumping and we were feeling fly.   So we took ourselves to the dance floor and began bopping to Cyndi Lauper. There were some lame stag dos but they didn't give us too much hassle. Everyone had a smile on their face and were throwing some fly shapes to the rad tunes. We were getting down.  Then George Michael came in and did a solo rendition of 'Last Christmas', joined half way through by Kylie. She handed out free scrunchies for everyone and we all did the 'Locamotion' in synch. Then George started making out with Kylie and we were like GET REAL Georgie .The air guitars got broken out for Journey and the solo in Queen. Duran Duran bought us all free shots and we danced like Rio on the shore. PSYCH. It was a totally boss night.  So that's the 411, can you relate?  If not, you probably shouldn't come here. If you have an aversion to mullets, shoulder pads, neon colours or synth soundtracks it might not be your ideal night out. It's a dedicated 80s club, cheesy, and not exactly classy. But if you go with that in mind, with a good big group with the mind to having a great time, you will have a great time. But I think at Club Tropicana you've gotta bring the fun, it doesn't bring itself.  I also would probably only come here once a year or so. Definitely a gimmicky fun place, but not an actual, real club. I waivered on the rating. It's definitely not my usual scene, so 1/2 star there. But for what it is - a dedicated 80s club - they do it REALLY well.   Rad.
1 Never again. Not even if all the drinks were free...!
1 Erm...No thank you.  I appreciated that sizable dancefloor, the two large bars, the coatcheck, and the 80's/retro (Spice Girls, really?) music.  I did not appreciate the scary looking bouncers murdering people bringing drinks onto the dance floor (well not really murder, but nearly!)...there were no signs. Was it an unspoken rule? I also did not appreciate the massive quantity of groping and bare feet. That is more ridiculuos than drinks on the dance floor I would think.   Also did not appreciate the £5.00 entry fee, the £1.50 for coat check, and the amount of times I got slammed into by drunk people. I'm sorry, the dance floor was far from packed. It wasn't necessary.   Perhaps I was not drunk enough, or on a Hen Night. Who knows. I love a good 80's night, but not here I'm afraid. The overall atmosphere was sadly lacking any real life.   Not to mention that another friend woke up the next day with her ears ringing from the volume of the music.   Thanks Tropicana, but likely not again.
