5 Went through with some friends before a show down the street. Grabbed some tacos, burritos and nachos so we could try a little bit of everything! Let's just say, for the price, the location, the service... on the strip even ?? 6 STARS!! Great food and friendly Rockin' atmosphere! (They play great Rock N Roll music that keeps you moving as you enjoy the food)
1 Awful service. Indian couple in front Of us treated extremely poorly and talked down to rudely when they asked for vegetarian beans instead of black  beans, When I ordered my food they gave me literal scraps left in the pan, maybe like 7 pieces of dice chicken and half a spoon of rice, the food maybe took up one quarter of a bowl I ordered a chicken bowl, ridiculous. I was also treated poorly the girl rolled her eyes when I asked if I could have more meat and told me she would have to charge me double meat, what a joke, I didn't even get a half a spoonful of meat. I literally walked out, I just couldnt justify paying for such crap and terrible service. Went to earl of sandwich, same price way better food and service. DON'T EAT AT ROCKIN TACO.
5 This is the perfect starter snack or late night stop after you've been partying all night. I'm not even sure if Rocking Taco even closes?!  The chips and freshly made guacamole with the spicy salsa is definitely the best snack meal around. They make these killer Blue Lemonade Margaritas that are to die for.   We definitely made a few stops here for drinks and more guac!
5 Very rarely do I ever [EVER] make multiple stops at a place within a span of 5 days.  The first drink we had on vacation was here, along with Chips and guaca-Holy-mole.  Seriously though, The guacamole was some of the best I have ever had.  We had the Blue Lemonade margaritas after being able to sample different ones, which was an amazing choice.  On our second visit, we recommended it to other tourists and they were pleased as well.  This place set the bar for Margaritas in Vegas.  No other place touched them.  It was almost unfair to the others we had since we had it here first...  ...and for multiple days!!!    Cheers
4 Good quality food for very reasonable prices. Would have loved to get quacamole on my burrito, but they wanted $2.95 extra for it. The music was great to listen to while eating. Very good, inexpensive place to eat. Glad we stumbled upon it.
1 The food did not Rock.  It wasnt even a taco as the tortilla disintegrated by the time I unwrapped it in my hotel room.    Not rockin, not a taco.
2 Didn't eat but was lured by an impressive Tequila lineup.  They had our favorite (Casa Nobles Anejo).  But the bartenders were pretty poor at mixing a good margarita.  I asked for a Grand Marnier float and he poured it in the shaker after the tequila.  The mixes they used were mediocre at best.  The drinks were  $14, similar ones would hit $18-$20 at the "finer" bars.  Kind of sad to have really good tequila but not the bar talent, although given the appearance of the place as a basic taco joint, I didn't expect much.
2 Rockin' Taco is located on the second floor.  The bar overlooks the strip.  Bf and I sat at the bar and grabbed food from the adjacent station.  I ordered a salad with beef and guac.  The staff was stingy with the ingredients.  The quesadilla was okay.  Meat was $2 extra and there was also a $2 extra charge for the guac.  Meat is low grade and is tough.  Bartender was shady.  She hit on my bf once when I went to get food and another time when I went to the restroom.
4 Wow! Great, cheap food on the strip.  $2 tacos on Tuesday (even if that Tuesday is Christmas) with fresh, tasty ingredients.  Lots of meat options, and a few veggies ones too.  Spicy salsa is spicy.  And maybe I was lucky that day, because they were out of many toppings, but the ones I wanted (sour cream, jalapenos, pico) were available and tasty. (And even though they sell frozen alcoholic drinks and beers there, if you're careful, you can go to the Walgreens or ABC nearby and pick up super cheap beer to go with your super cheep tacos!)
4 First time I went here I got a margarita then decided to try the chips and guacamole.  It was a Friday or Saturday night after midnight and this place had spot-on service and did not disappoint.  Guacamole was amazing, thumbs up!  Second time I went here was after I'd went to Eli Roth's Goretorium across the way for a Yelp event and the service wasn't so great.  My friend and I were in line, she was ahead of me, yet my order was done and rang up before hers was even started -- and there were 3 workers behind the counter.  Then they almost didn't get her order right even though she said it several times.  My order was OK, but the service was slow this time around, especially since we were the only ones in line and they had more workers than customers.  =P  Food is delicious!  And the prices (for the Strip) are spectacular.  I highly recommend going here if you want a place to grab a quick, cheap bite and hang out for awhile before your next Sin City adventure!
4 Wed is $2 taco night ! Awesome view of the strip. Cheap bottled beer ($3 domestic/$4 import), no draft beer though. Good simple food. Great people watching. Nice staff. Open 24/7.
4 Came in on a Friday night to go to the Baby Doll Lounge in Eli's Roth's Goretorium. Since this place was literally across from the entrance,  Came here for a quick bite.  One of the cheapest and nicest places to get some quick grub that wont bog u down. Pretty good menu, prices are pretty inexpensive (for the strip) and the quality of the food was pretty good. Decent selection of beers and  probably one of the cheapest Grain Alcohol-slushie prices on the strip. I didn't try any of them because grain alcohol gives me a headache.   Anyway, I ordered two Carne' Asada tacos from the menu, go to choose my beans, good choices of meat and vegetables, and all my toppings. The Place reminded me of Chipotle's. I also took note of a few impersonator's that came in to eat while I was there-Jack Sparrow and One of the two Bumblebee's on the strip-further confirming that this was probably a good price point place to eat.   Sat a table facing the walkway so I could people watch, and enjoyed two good sized soft-tacos for about $5! Beware, the spicy red & green sauces were a little hotter and spicier than I expected.  A great place to eat because I don't believe there was any food served in the Baby Doll Lounge I was going back to in a few minutes.  Hope this helps!  Cheers!  ~MikeB
3 Came here using a Groupon. It was ok. Reminded me of a scaled down (flavor-wise) Chipotle. It fulfilled my afternoon hunger but it didn't wow me.
2 To write about this Mexican place and being Mexican will not be good.  I have lived and been to border towns and South American so sorry about this but this place is cheap in taste of food. Not cheap in price.  The yard drinks tasted good but made us sick.  We believe they used cheap alcohol .  We saw bottles of taka tequila or it looked like the brand.
3 Friendly staff and clean and open layout. Food is pretty average. This is basically a Chipolte knock off with a bar.
3 I used a groupon and there was no hassel. I got the nachos and my BF got the carnintas burrito. Both were good and satisfied our hunger. I would go back again
2 My chicken was Dry. Capitol D. And I was drunk, so I should have destroyed this chicken taco plate. Visited on a Thursday afternoon.
4 Came here strictly to eat after seeing another friend Instagram a pic of his meal on Instagram.  The price is great considering it was a lot less than places I had eaten previously while in Las Vegas.  The food was on par with what I expected.  It's very similar to Bullrito's or Chipotle.  I also had a good time watching the staff across the hall at the Goretorium scare the people walking by.  I would recommended it if you're in the area and need to grab a quick bite.
3 I didn't try the food, so I can't comment there..   A friend and I got 2 frozen, yard long margaritas through a Groupon. They tasted great but had basically no alcohol in them. There are definitely better places to choose if you want these popular drinks but this place sure was conveniently located.
3 Came here for the "guacamole to die for". Well, it was really good and freshly made so I guess it sorta lived up to its name.  Everything else tasted pretty normal, you can probably skip.
4 Loved the salad bowl! Everything tasted really fresh.   The chicken was very flavorful but I sampled the steak and it was chewy, so I'd recommend getting the chicken over the steak.
4 I was looking for a taco salad of sorts and settled for a salad bowl here.  Really great vegetarian bowl with peppers/onions and my choice of beans, rice, salsa, etc.  A step above Chipotle IMHO.  Indeed, guacamole was amazing.
2 MEH,1/2 price (groupon) still totally underwhelmed.Your average filibertos,albertos, whateverto's gives you a better product for less $ 9 bucks for a shot of patron? I've paid less at sporting events with real live sporting competition as the entertainment :) The staff was friendly and helpful,but in my mind the store is a total fail !
4 Its a out of the way taco joint but worth the walk.  3 tacos for 7 buck and meat you want and toppings.  If it tuesday 2 tacos for 2 bucks.  Its very good and fast for people on the move but a nice sit down to relax.  Music playing all the time.  Like it a lot me and my wife make it a definite stop every time we are in vegas
5 Great freAkin' burritos!  Great prices! $5 margaritas! Groupon friendly!!! =D
3 Nothing special. However, it nice to have lunch for 2 for $20 including 2 bud lights on LV Blvd. Additionally, staff were super accommodating to me as I changed my mind 3 times in line. Killer view
4 Yummy food, made in front of you. Well assembled in front of you. I had the steak tacos and chips and salsa. My mom had the same. It was good, fast and the staff was polite. I can't speak for the alcohol. Never had it. And great prices. Will eat there again if in need of a quick bite.
2 Yeah it's cheap and fast, but I'm sorry, I just don't dig it.  My husband really enjoyed his tacos.  He liked the chips and guac, but I thought the guac was a little weird.  They offer nachos, but they use this weird cheese "sauce" which was super watery.  You can put shredded cheese on top of the nachos, but there is no way to melt it..  Maybe if you put the shredded FIRST, then the cheese water, then the meat then anything else, it might work.  Overall, if you go here, don't get nachos, get the tacos.  I will say that the chicken on my nachos tasted good.  They had reasonable prices on beer and the staff was friendly even when i was grumpy about my food.    I probably won't be back which will probably make the husband sad, but this was just not my place.
2 food was cold. beans and rice didnt taste great. drinks come in tiny cups. Open 24/7 tho
2 The drinks and food are cheap... But not worth it if you're sitting at the bar.  The bartender (blonde female) made an extremely offensive and racist comment to me. Picking up one of those naked escort cards, she held it up in front of my face and said that there is a very close resemblance to me and the woman on the card.   As a part-Japanese woman, I found it completely offensive that 1) she compared me to a woman who was Asian but looked nothing like me; 2) she compared me to a naked escort; and 3) did this completely out of the blue. There was absolutely no conversation prior to this comment and I have never met her before in my life. Regardless, it would've been offensive no matter who said that to me.   I don't know if she was trying to make a joke or she was just absolutely clueless. I love this bar, so I'll likely return - but definitely not to sit at the bar... And definitely not to tip the bartender.
4 I will give this 4 stars because it's cheap and quick.  The drinks are really great prices ($5 margaritas & daiquiris) and the food is pretty cheap too.  I wouldn't say that the food or drinks are anything really amazing or unique, but it's a great place to get something quick to eat and drink.  I had a cheese quesadilla for $5 and it was enough food for me and tasted pretty good.  The drinks tasted good too, but I'm not sure how strong they really were.  The only real drawback was that it was very busy when we were there and it was tricky to find a place to actually sit down and eat.
