5 If I could give more stars for John and his company I would.  Had the best experience with them recently when my outdoor AC unit exploded.  (They can do that by the way--no one in the AC business has ever seen or heard of it, but it happened)    I called up my home warranty company the day it happened, and as soon as they sent me the email confirmation I called up John at AMI (it's who the warranty assigned me) and told him what happened and asked if he could come as soon as possible to check it out.  He said he could come the next day, and arrived right on time.  It was a short visit, as he just took some pictures and said it wouldn't be able to be repaired but needed replacement.  He said he would put the order in that day and that it was up to the warranty company to order the part and let him know when it was ready to be installed, and that it usually takes a while.  I told him about my 8 month pregnant wife and if there was anything he could do to expedite the process that would definitely be a plus.  Not sure if it was anything he said or did or if I got lucky, but he called that next morning that the compressor unit was ordered and ready for pickup and that he could come by that afternoon to install it.  Then he called a few hours later and said he'd like to install it sooner if possible.    He and his assistant moved the burned out old unit and installed the new one.  He replaced some of the copper line, and replaced the insulation around the copper line going to the house and installed a new power shut off.  He did all this just for my home warranty service call fee, whereas other guys might try to charge for these little add ons.  (my parents are dealing with another home warranty and service company and not having an experience like mine).  I even called him a few days later because I had some questions about the thermostat and he took the time to talk me and when he was in the neighborhood he even stopped by to check up on things (even though everything ended up working great)  Overall every experience with John and AMI was top notch and I recommend him to anyone that needs any service of any kind.  He told me he believes in quality and it certainly shows in his workmanship and professionalism.  6 stars for these guys.
5 I called John to come over to my house and check on the heating unit, since my home is now 10 years old.  He dumbed it down for me and explained different parts and aspects of each unit.  He was professional, quick, and efficient.  All of his employees go through background checks too.  (HVAC is the most common trade learned in prison.)  Finally, his company has a maintenance program for air conditioning units which puts those customers at the top of the service list if a unit malfunction during the upcoming summer months.  His program is better than what I'd get from any home warranty company.  I strongly recommend AMI for your HVAC needs.
5 John and his team are simply amazing. It's nice to finally find an honest heating and air conditioning company here in Las Vegas. John actually took the time to explain exactly what was going on the proper maintenance plan to keep my new units running efficiently for years. I was so impressed that I signed up for the bi-annual maintenance plan. I can tell you it's a very good investment for anyone wanted to avoid that Ac breakdown when it's 110 degrees outside. Plus if you join his maintenance program you get PRIORITY service if your unit does break down during the summer when all companies are slammed. Definitely give these guys a call if you haven't tuned your unit yet this year...btw they also clean air ducts which will be next on my list.
5 Great service! They came out immediately and took the time to explain in detail what the problem was and the remedy. The techs were friendly and knowledgable. This is my go to hvac from now on.
5 Talk about "Johnny on the spot"!!  Our A/C went out last night.  We have two units.  One is down and the other is on its last leg.  They are 17 years old.  Our home warranty company (Old Republic) connected us with AMI.  It's Memorial Day Weekend, 3-day holiday, the unit went out on Saturday night.  It's 100ยบ outside and was 85ยบ in our house and climbing.  Very bad situation.  I called John and left a message.  He called me back in 15 minutes and had one of his techs (Joe) out here in another 20 minutes.  The AC that was not working well is now fixed and our house is cooling.  They gave us a great quote to replace one or both units.  I HIGHLY recommend John and his crew!!  They were our saviours today!!  :)
5 AMI was absolutely amazing when it came to fixing my AC.  They were so professional, and the customer service is undoubtedly one of the best I have ever encountered.  AMI fixed my AC in an appropriate amount of time based on the problem, and their rates are better than the competition.  Most importantly AMI was knowledgeable!  Its a veteran owned and ran business, and I appreciate their hard work.  Thank you so much AMI!  I will never call another company for my hvac needs.
5 Thanks, You came through. At 110 degrees our old air conditioner went out. We called our insurer Old Republic and they had AMI come out the next day, Thurs. They reported the problem Fri. Picked up the new condenser Mon. Put it in Tues. morning. Normally it takes 5 business days to get the condenser, however because of the heat and company concern they did it in 2 days. Thank again. I highly recommend  both AMI and Old Republic ins. Thanks Harvey
