5 The waxing staff Ashlee did an amazing job on my eyebrows and the Brazillian wax. I highly recommend European Wax:)
5 Great!  I went there just today after I had a really bad wax about a month ago.   I decided to get my brows waxed 5 weeks ago where I get my nails done, and the lady took way too much off and they were a little crooked.    I went to European Wax today and the lady, I cannot remember her name, did a great job of straightening them out and giving me a little bit of a shape with what she could since not all of the hair has grown back.  I signed up for 12 waxes prepaid so that there is a decent discount.  I am looking forward to having someone wax my brows who knows what they are doing and are not in a rush!  My brows look great and will look even better when they are fully grown back.
5 I've been getting waxed at different European Wax Centers for the last few years and hands down The Red Mountain Center is my favorite!! The front desk girls were polite, funny, knowledgeable, and personable. I felt like I was chit chatting with girls I'd known for years! My waxer Jackie is the reason this is my new favorite center. Truly an exceptional waxer. Fast, friendly, and really put me at ease. She definitely knows her stuff! Also I want to mention how eat off the floor clean everything was. Nice job. All and all really great experience! Thank You
5 My wife and sisters were looking for a good waxing place, and so they settled on this one, European wax center. All I did was sit in the lobby, which was a very pleasant lobby as those go. . . while the ladies all went to get their eyebrows? waxed.   They thought that the whole thing was great, service, the finished job looked good (= and I approve of the total cost! I used a Yelp Check-in offer, so that's the route I would suggest, then you get a few bucks off too!
4 I've been here 3 times now for an eyebrow wax and I haven't been disappointed yet. The prices are good and I like the type of wax they use. If your looking for a new place to get your waxing done, definitely go here, I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
5 Walked in for a brow and lip wax, and loved it! Pricing is reasonable but everything is so clean and they really know their waxing! They use their own type of wax and no strips to pull it off, much less painful. Totally would recommend for any waxing needs.
