5 If i'm in the mood for a curry i often visit the Bollywood box, The currys are made to order and are great and so authentic. I would recommend the Vegetarian curry chickpea curry it is great and i usually have the onion pakora which is just lovely.The lovely lady that runs it is such a ray of sunshine to all her customers and passers by.  It is so refreshing to taste different indian dishes than the usual dishes that all indian takeaways seem to churn out!
5 I keep forgetting about this place and I wanted curry for breakfast as I dragged myself out of bed early one afternoon. Wandering over to Bruntsfield is pleasant in itself, but the welcome you receive from the lady behind the counter makes a visit here that little more special. The place is a kitchen in a converted policebox / coffee box. The seating options are the bruntsfeild links, the meadows or if you live close by. Suits me really.   They offer a selection of curries and after a bit of banter with I presume the owner, my missus and myself about various things we settled on  some chilli dal and pakoras. The curry is prepared fresh for you in the tiny space of the old policebox and is adjusted depnding on how hot you like it. Nice is microwaved but I think many places do this as I cannot notice the difference. All in it was less than £8 for 2 curries, a can of coke and a portion of pakora. We grabbed a bench on the links and tucked in to our bargain lunch while making a note to do this more often. The food is basic I guess but tasty, quick and inexpensive. Sometimes this is exactly what I need though. :D  Also remember to check some of the poetry that gets attached to the sides of this place. The lady inside the police box posts bits and peices up. Currently there is a cool poem about comparing love to ikea furniture. :D
4 I felt like a bit of a walk at lunch time so took a wander through the meadows and the links, unsure of what I fancied food wise but knowing I wanted away from the office. Then I came upon the pleasant aroma of curry and my decision was made... This Tardis like (well it is a police box) Indian takeaway is something a bit different, selling inexpensive curry, freshly cooked and made to the heat you want.  The proprietor is a happy cheery sort and seems genuinely interested in how your days been going. All in all the Bollywood Box is well worth checking out and ideal for a quick lunch on a nice day.
5 This hole in the wall establishment is probably the best way to sample real home-made Indian cooking in Edinburgh (unless you have family ties to that subcontinent).    The Bollywood Coffee Box is absolutely outstandingly unique in many ways.  The bubbly person inside the former police box quadruples as chef/waitress/singer/conversationalist (she does all of that in parallel).  If you are in a bad mood, and even if you are not so hungry for Indian dishes, please safe yourself a trip to the shrink and just visit the Bollywood Coffee Box, have a chat with the owner while she is preparing a dish for you.  She will find humour in anything that will come up, and soon you will have forgotten about your woes for some time.  While you listen to some hindi-pop and sample the owner's qualities as a background singer, you can observe her throwing ingredients together, frying them up in a little pan on a little cooker.  She might ask you how spicy you want your food, and if you seem too Western to handle the spiciness you requested, she will give you samples to eat while she cooks your dish until it tastes as you like it, or can handle it.  Although everything I bought there was fantastic, I strongly recommend the vegetable daal.  Usually, I buy this and some chicken dish. But you can also just walk up and ask her to surprise you with one of her creations.
5 Of all the places I can think of that do good Indian food, nothing compares to this police box sized cupboard of wonders.  I have been here a few times and have never been disappointed once. If you are the type to enjoy your food on the spicier side then you can tell her and she will do exactly that in a way that you can still enjoy the meal without it tasting of nothing but chilli.  A wonderful girl who is usually listening to music and dancing about like a loony is your server but no matter what way you are feeling that day you are always left feeling like you're the most important individual in the world.   Beautiful little place.
