4 Initially I was drawn into this place by the website. Interesting name, simple design, and an intriguing menu.  The restaurant itself is consistent with the website: small, simple, and clean. The only contrast between the two is that the restaurant was busy and that is a good thing for a new business.  The service was fast and friendly. Even though the dining room was pretty full we were greater quickly and sat down immediately. Within minutes we had water and put in drink orders. I'm a sucker for frosted beer glasses which we were offered with our drinks.  The food was all pretty amazing.  Charcuterie - nicely done pork, chicken, blood sausage and liver pate. Came with some cloves of garlic and crusty bread. The flavors were very good. The only thing I would have liked to see would have been some pickled veggies for contrast.  Duck Fat Fries/ parmigiano reggiano/ truffle  - yup, duck fat fries. Can't really miss with these. The aioli was very small but really tasty.   Octopus/ chickpeas/ kale/ tomato - very well cooked and seasoned. Could have used more octopus but the flavors and textures were nice.  Ravioli/ egg yolk/ pancetta/ ricotta/ brown butter - very big flavors. We saw every table around us order this item so we went for it. Honestly, it is a little rich for me but it is worth a try to form your own opinion.  Beets/ goat cheese/ arugula - I'm admittedly not a big fan of beats but this dish was pretty good even for me. The pile of goat cheese and balsamic bring out the best flavors of the beats.  Since there were only 2 of us we couldn't try more but I will be back to try to cover the rest of the menu. A few other notes:  - the pig trotters on the website were not on the menu when I was there - the veal is a huge portion. Looks like the meat at the beginning of the Flintstone's cartoon.
4 Usually I wait at least a few weeks before trying out a newly opened restaurant, but at the glowing recommendations of some food loving friends I decided to give this restaurant a try.  It did not disappoint.  To start off the decor was great, truly a transformation from the old digs.  It would feel right at place in a bigger city like Chicago or NYC.  Dark walls, a few large communal wood plank tables and vintage industrial lighting - chic without being over the top.  Ok, now to the important stuff. First off, boozy treats- only beer and wine here folks. They had a great selection of both at affordable price points. We ordered up a $33 bottle of Malbec that fit the bill. I saw a carafe of wine being served next to us but didn't see smaller carafe sized wine on the menu- I hope those become a permanent addition.  Here's a roundup on our food  1) Cheese plate served with dried/syrupy pears & cherries plus bread.  A selection of hooks aged cheddar,  fresh mozzarella, and muenster. 4/5  2) Charcuterie plate - This was my favorite of the bunch, served with lightly grilled bread and raw garlic, it consisted of chicken pate, blood and pork sausages that were simply delicious. 5/5  3) Fried squash blossoms with garlic aioli.  I like that they included some fried squash along with the blossoms, it gave a nice texture contrast but I felt the fry batter was much too heavy for the blossoms.  It was something akin to a cod batter used with fish fry, not delicate enough to enjoy the seasonal squash blossoms. The fresh aioli was good but needed a bit more salt. 3/5  4) Duck egg ravioli. a standout dish, this consisted of a large ravioli stuffed with a duck egg, pancetta, ricotta and topped with brown butter.  The browned butter was a little too generous making this dish greasy but still tasty.  Because it already has the runny egg yolk, the brown butter just seemed lost and competing for the fatty sauce space. Overall it was a unique dish and I'd happily order it again with hopes it wont be so greasy next time around. 4/5  5) Rhubarb strawberry pie. Served ala mode and was delicious end to the meal.  the fresh flavors of the seasonal fruit shined without being too sweet. The crust was great, delicate and tasted like something mom would serve up.  4/5  The service was warm and friendly, just what I have come to expect on Willy St.  However, the server gave no explanation on what the cheese or charcuterie plates consisted of and was a bit confused when we inquired.  Not a big deal as the place is new but at $16 and $13 a plate, with no menu detail, it should explained at the table so diners aren't left guessing what they are eating.  Overall a great addition to the Madison restaurant scene and I'm looking forward to many more visits.
5 Amazing food and great service! I left wishing my stomach could fit more goodness in it. The porchetta was divine!
5 We stopped in last week with high expectations after reading about the restaurant (before it opened) and then seeing a positive review of it online.  Safe to say that our expectations were met. The space is both casual and intimate-some communal tables with some private tables as well.  The menu is simple, sophisticated, and really allows the flavors to shine through.  My girlfriend and I ordered the duck fat fries, the chorizo stuffed dates, and the pork belly.  The first two are labeled "snacks" with the last being a "small plate"  Even with these monikers, the food was very filling and definitely enough for two people.  All three plates were well prepared with the chorizo stuffed dates stealing the show.  Service was friendly and efficient.  This is another great restaurant to line the Willy St. corridor.  We will definitely be back.
3 The food was a gluttonous, dazzling experience not often seen in Madison, but it doesn't have me craving it more.   The most memoriable food was a pork loin on top of pork sausage. Absolutely delicious and defintely not low fat. The sardines come in a cute custom made tin packet. The dates with piquillo peppers were good, though I could only eat a couple.  Probably the most impressive part of the experience is the atmosphere. You can sit at a communal table or at private tables at the side. We choose the private tables, which might as well have been communal, since they were so close together.  (I spent the dinner ease dropping on the first awkward date to my left and a mother/future daughter in law to the right.) You can see the kitchen from the seating area, which also means it's extraordinary hot in the dining area too. I DO NOT recommend going on a hot & humid night. Hopefully they get that fixed.  Our server was new, so I won't comment about how he forgot one of our dessert orders. He was helpful with the wine/beer selection though.
5 We stopped in for a late dinner this evening not really knowing what to expect. We were both very pleasantly suprised. This restaurant is simply wonderful! We started with the stuffed dates and the duck fat fries... both were great, but the dates were outstanding, the red pepper sauce was a perfect with the dates. We then tried the lamb carpaccio and the Clam and Mussel orzo.. both wonderful. The veal breast with apple cabbage and polenta was outstanding! The dining room is warm and intimate and the staff is very friendly and informative. Loved the music this evening... excellent taste in tunes!   Madison is fast becoming a sophisticated place to dine with wonderful small locally owned establishments that keep on getting better!
5 YOU! I've been looking for you.  It's unfortunate I stumbled upon you after eating a filling Laotian meal, but I was able to find room after hearing about your desserts.  And also a little extra for some wine.  We got:  Sicilian Sfingi:  I know, you're all like buhh? But they're essentially chocolate beignets with a hint of orange.  So soft, hot and fresh with a healthy drizzle of chocolate.  Strawberry Rhubarb Lavender Pie with Honey Ice Cream: Feel free to read that over as many times as you like.  When the server came over and asked how everything was, my cousin found it within herself to shout, "HOLY SHIT".   He responded saying that best thing she could have said.  It's communal tables, so mind your elbows and talk to you neighbors!  It's a really fantastic menu, and flawless service for such a young restaurant.  And do I need to mention how glorious the name is?  May the pig be with you.
5 Great new place. Been there twice and loved all dishes. My fav was sardines! Not so great for vegetarians but great fish dishes along with awesome meat based selections. Prices very reasonable for the quality of food presented.
5 wow. wow. wow. flavor bomb factory. loved everything. won't go into detail on dishes as others here have covered it. the clincher for me was the perfect combined vibe of the space, staff and incredible food. no salad on the menu - Dan the chef told us he would put one together if asked be he didn't want to waste the ink on the menu. love that attitude. Dan and friends also built the interior and tables from scratch. Such a good fit for Willy Street and Madison. foodies have another reason to flee the sterile streets of the 'burbs...
5 I'm a fan. Space is very urban. I was apprehensive about the shared tables and ended up loving them.   Food is outstanding. I didn't have a bad dish. The tripe dish was a standout.  Well done.  Best olives in town, by far.   No booze, just beer and wine. The wine list is reasonable.   I like the whole place better than Graze (the other 'gastropub' in town).   Lighting needs dimming and they desperately need to fix their AC. Pronto.   I can't believe some people complain about the music. Second to the food itself the music was my favorite part. Finally a restaurant in Madison that is hip and doesn't cater to old stuffy folks or college kids.   We'll be back often.  Especially when the weather cools down.
5 Comfortable, friendly atmosphere. Wonderful. A great place to go with friends and share. Trust me you are going to want to try as much as possible. Everything is made in house, from the head cheese and blood sausage on the delicious Charcuterie to the Panacotta and other desserts.  Once a month a group of friends and I search out a restaurant to experience. We taste as many dishes as possible. The other night we had the pleasure of trying just about every dish on the menu with the exception of the cheese plate, squash blossoms and olive snacks. There was not one dish that I, personally, did not like. Sounds pretty hokey, but it is the truth.  I do, however, have my favorites.  Favorites:  Appetizers:  I have seen duck fat fries on tv. They are literally as good as people make them out to be. Best fries I have ever had. They make Ronald McDonald weep and the Hamburgler go straight.  The Dates are a must try. Sweet, savory, out and out delicious.   Small Plate:  Pork Belly. This is just a given. Wow. Orzo - wonderful and the mussels extremely tasty Honorable mention: Beets. I don't like beets. This dish is making me rethink that statement. Definitely try them.   Large Plates:    While all dishes were wonderful, this die hard carnivore has 3 must eats:  Dry Age Strip with bone marrow butter, duck fat fries and sweet breads. Never had sweet breads. awesome literally awesome. Eat this dish and call your cardiologist. But what a way to go.   Pork - absolutely wonderful, best potatoes i have eaten.  Chicken thighs. - packed full of flavor.  Dessert:  You just have to try all of them. You cannot make a poor choice, each dessert is just wonderful. We had the, strawberry rhubarb pie, chocolate cake with smoked sea salt and the panacotta. Wow. Just wow.  We left with one regret. No one ordered the Sicilian Sfingi. We must have been suffering from a food coma when ordering dessert.   You really need stop in and try it. Trust me. You will not be disappointed. Bring friends.
5 Wow!  Best food I've had in Madison since Magnus was Magnus.   Don't think twice - eat here!  Small plates, everything meant to be passed around and shared.  Everything was beautifully prepared, interesting and very tasty.  I will go back as often as my budget allows (not inexpensive).   Standouts from our meal: Lamb Carpaccio - with egg yolk Ravioli - with bacon and duck egg Trout - oh so good! Dry Aged Strip - amazing flavor  Less favorite: Duck fat fries - still just french fries Sardines - would be better in a paste
4 Absolutely outstanding! In a city where, generally, style reigns over substance this place delivers. The food and service were outstanding in a hip atmosphere that was still comfortable. Go now and often!
5 Great dinner last night!  Our server was really wonderful. She was helpful (made some great suggestions), friendly, and frankly did a great job making sure we had an awesome dining experience.  Unfortunately I cannot remember her name.  However she had a cool tattoo on her arm - a mountain range that is a ruler.    The food was really good.  We had:  duck fat fries, arancini (fried rice ball filled with sausage), pork belly, beet salad, and the chicken thigh.  The arancini was a standout.  My wife and I shared all the dishes.  We enjoyed the pace of the meal - not sure who to compliment - our server or the kitchen.  Regardless it was a great pace - not too fast and not too slow.    The wine and beer list is more than adequate and very reasonably priced.  Nice addition to the Madison restaurant scene.  We will be back!
5 Totallly worth it! If u are a foodie than this Is the place to go in Madison and u won't walk away hungry!
4 Great addition to the neighborhood. Delicious, innovative food, cozy hip atmosphere, great beers & wine. I imagine this will become a new favorite on Willy St. Reminds me of some of the cool gastropubs you cam find in Chicago. I prefer to go here with a group as opposed to a one-on-one date, as it is rather lively inside.  Calling it "tapas" (as listed in Yelp) is a misnomer, though. Yes, it's small-plate style, but not Spanish style, which is what I think of when I hear tapas.
4 The duck fat fries are to-die-for!!!!  They are seriously the best fries I have ever had in my life...crispy and perfectly seasoned.  I live 200 miles from Madison and know I will be hopping in my car to relieve my cravings for these!  We also had the dates (a delicious combination of spicy and sweet), the octupus (yummy!), and the pork belly.  The pork belly was a little disappointing, because I had read such rave reviews about it.  Next time, I'll just order something new on the menu.  They had a very nice wine and beer menu and my husband enjoyed a great Chilean Pinot Noir.  I don't drink and just had iced tea, but was disappointed and surprised that they "ran out of iced tea" after I just had one glass.  Overall, it was a great experience, though.  We will definitely be back!
5 Small Plates. Yes! Love the communional tables. They also have a handful of 2 top tables, which is great for date night. The plates come out as they are done. Come with a group to try multiple dishes and don't be shy to ask the people next to you what they are eating. Everything from walk-in to leaving was excellent in service and food.
4 Thanks to Jessica H for asking a favorite ravioli question, which reminded me that I needed to write this review.  A Pig in a Fur Coat is definitely one of the best additions to Madison's growing restaurant scene.  I was fortunate enough to finally try the restaurant out the week I was moving out of town.    Like what others have said, the dishes are intended to be shared with another.  Everything on the menu looked ultra appealing, so there was quite a bit of debate on what to order.  We ended up settling on the ravioli, pork belly, and lamb carpaccio small plates and the steak large plate.    First my criticism.  With a name like "A Pig in a Fur Coat" I was expecting the pork dishes to be the standouts.  I have to say that I was a little underwhelmed with the pork belly small plate.  I can't give a specific reason why, but there was just something, flavor wise, missing from it.  Perhaps, it was an off night.  Now onto what they did really well!    The highlights were the ravioli and steak.  The ravioli with ricotta and duck egg was the best "pasta" dish I've had in Madison (or in Wisconsin, for that matter).  What really made it stand out was the brown butter and huge slab of pancetta on it!  When describing it, rich is an understatement.    Get it and share it with another person or two......it'd be quite a bit for one person!  As awesome as the ravioli was, we actually enjoyed the steak the most.  A great steak, in and of itself, is a pleasure.  Add some fried sweet breads (my absolute favorite thing), duck fries, and mild basalmic sauce, and you have a perfect meal, in my opinion.  Basalmic is one of those ingredients that can absolutely destroy a dish by overpowering everything else.  A Pig does a great job to make the basalmic compliment the flavor of the other ingredients.    Dessert wise, we ordered these Italian chocolate beignets (can't remember the name).  I'm a huge fan of fried dough, and these gems get my approval!    A Pig is a place I definitely look forward to returning to on my next trip to Madison in about three weeks.  Not only is the food very good but the service was excellent.  Price wise, it's on the middle end for Madison, but portions are rather generous and you'll definitely get a memorable meal!
2 Can someone tell me what the big deal about this place is?   We waited 45 minutes for a table on a Thursday night. We never would have waited that long except that the hostess (who was very nice and overworked) assured my table of four it would only be about 15 minutes. After seating, service was slow.   Our apps were good. The duck fat fries were good but many places in Madison boast great fries. The dates were to die for.   As for the meal... eek. Our plates came out one at a time with about ten minutes in between each, making the meal very very awkward. My friend ordered the ravioli, which the waiter said was a favorite but the plate was the most unappetizing thing I've ever seen. Literally one big brown ravioli with egg inside. My friend said the sauce was very very sweet.   Mine was served next. I can't find it on their current online menu but I am certain I ordered a pasta and bolognese dish that sounded pretty safe. It tasted exactly like Hamburger Helper, I am not even kidding you. Hamburger. Effing. Helper. A great kickback to my childhood but definitely not something I expected nor wanted to pay for from this trendy restaurant.   Friend's husband ordered the Chicken Thigh which was the best, juiciest chicken I've ever had. The sides it was served with weren't bad either. I would go back to give that another try.   My husband ordered the tripe and none of us had a bite of it.   For dessert we did an apple thing that wasn't great and a panna cotta, which was okay.   All in all, I'm glad we tried it because of all the hype. but we all walked out wondering what all the hype was about. I kept looking longingly out the window at Umami, which is across the street. I wouldn't spend the money or the time on this place again.
5 My girlfriends and husband took me to A Pig in a Fur Coat on Friday, October 5th to celebrate my birthday. It was our first time there for all of us and we will be back. We had great, attentive service, our server offered suggestions and was always there if we needed anything, even after it got very busy in there. The food was creative and quite delicious. We didn't have anything we didn't like--and we tried a lot! Duck fat fries, orzo, burrata, arancini, pork belly, ravioli, and a couple more! Even though we sampled off the snacks and small plates list, between the 4 of us we each got plenty full. What a great way to sample a lot of interesting food! We will definitely be back. Nice job!
3 Maybe 3.5 stars would be better.  I took friends from out of town, and some of them seemed a little uncomfortable with the family-type atmosphere.  And the waitress seemed kinda short for the table height -- we felt sorry for her!  Anyway, as for the food:  The fries were good -- I've had better in Madison (at Brasserie V), the dates however were great.  I also ordered the orzo/mussels (a very nice cold salad) and the octopus/chickpea dish.  The octopus was cooked very very well, and the chickpeas -- meh.  I hate chickpeas.  But the octopus in that dish was great.  The tempo if the meal was good, although the veal (large plate) that one of my friends ordered -- the other 4 of us ordered and shared small plates -- was very late in arriving.  So we were wondering when he'd get served.  That was kinda odd.  We also sampled the beets (can't eat them -- allergic), the ravioli (great buttery sauce) and the tomato/burata.  I really really liked the mini mini tomatoes they were using in their dishes.  They were excellent!  For dessert,  I had the peach panna cotta (Seemed more like nectarines to me) that was very nice, and my companions had pumpkin cheesecake that they all swooned over.  The waitress was very knowledgeable about the wines, and the one wine-drinker was very satisfied with what she suggested.    So this is a place I'd go to again, but I'd not take people who want a more traditional seating in a restaurant.  Or maybe next time we'll be luckier and not be seated next to people who are drinking just a *little* too much vino.
5 For my birthday I did a restaurant crawl, 5 locations in 1 night! Started with Tempest for oysters, intended to stay for one appetizer at Pig in a Fur Coat, pork buns at Unami, dinner at Forequarter, and dessert at Nostrano.  Well when we got to Pig in a Fur Coat, the plans changed.  It was badger homecoming and a bit slow, our waiter was a bit over-bearing but informative, knowledgable, and friendly.  The overbearing was probably due to the lack of other customers.  He offered us tastes of any wines and did not seem impatient while we tasted. We started with the duck fat fries and carpaccio. I LOVED the carpaccio, could have ate 3 more plates all the flavors blended perfectly. My bf liked the duck fat fries, but at the end of the day fries are fries and Hot Doug's in Chicago may have them beat on the duck fat fries. We moved on to the pork belly. Cooked perfectly, since this is something that can quickly obtain a tough and chewy texture. Mind you, we still had 3 more places to eat at.  But I couldn't resist ordering the veal.  Everything so far was a 10, but the veal, still amazing, I would rate a 9, just lacking a little flavor seasoning-wise.  Still moist and tender, greens and potatoes complemented it nicely.  Honestly, my expectations weren't high for this place, I just chose it because it was new. Well people need to start talking about this restaurant more and giving it the praise it deserves because it is phenomenal!  Love the ambience, decor, intimate setting, but ultimately the food was outstanding. Blew the other restaurants from my evening out of the water. We will be back soon to enjoy even more.  Nostrano was the only place we didn't go to due to lack of stomach room without regret, thanks to Pig in a Fur Coat.
4 I've been to the restaurant twice and loved it both times. The food is delicious and service impeccable. My favorite dish is the chicken thigh with spaetzel. The ravioli with egg yolk is too rich for me but my husband loved it. We will return
5 We've eaten here twice, and enjoyed it tremendously both times.  It is, I think, somewhat unusual for the Madison restaurant scene, in that it's a pretty upscale restaurant but the serving and seating style is more family style.  So, if you go, just be aware that you might be sharing a table with others you don't know, and that the menu revolves around small plates that are meant to be shared.  I would not plan on going with a large party or if I knew that we wanted to have a "special-occasion-serious-conversation" kind of vibe.  I can see what other reviewers have meant about the pacing, too ... stuff comes out of the kitchen when it's ready, so again, if you're OK with sharing the small plates, that's not a problem, but if you're expecting that everyone gets their own meal served before you all start eating, it will feel weird.    I think the food is excellent.  The ravioli with the duck egg and the pancetta and brown butter made my heart sing.  The burrata with heirloom tomatoes was outstanding.  The turkey leg is amazing (and I don't usually like dark meat turkey).  It's not very vegetarian-friendly, but I'm told that they will accommodate vegetarians if you call ahead.  The waitstaff are very knowledgeable about the wine and beer selections, and very friendly and attentive.
5 Put lipstick on a pig, it's still a pig.  Put a pig in a fur coat and zomg it's good!
4 I have been to this place twice and this restaurant has become our new favorite in Madison. The only problem is it's a small place and have long waiting hours. I love the pork belly, arancini and Chorizo stuffed dates. The beets salad is also very good.
4 We ate here for the first time last night.  Tried the duck fat fries - very good but filled us up!  Sardines were nice, but not as good as the ones at Sardine, in my opinion.  Octopus was cooked perfectly.  Ravioli was like breakfast pasta - perfectly cooked egg and brown butter sauce.  The bacon was delicious and a great complement.  Pork tripe was very good - and with a generous amount of pork belly included.  Despite being full, we had to try the Sicilian Sfingi for dessert, which were like warm gourmet donut holes swimming in chocolate - also delicious.  Spring for the chemex  brewed coffee, you won't be sorry.  They give you enough to share - I couldn't finish it by myself.
4 My wife an I ate here on. Friday night three weeks ago. It was a wonderful experience and maybe our best meal in Madison in 2012.  The setting is cozy. Not cramped, but very (very) cozy. This does create a lot of noise and a bit of jostling around, but this all helps create a convivial atmosphere.  This is a very meat-focused restaurant, and not necessarily seasonal, but those are the worst things I can say about APiaFC.   We waited at the bar for no more than fifteen minutes (we arrived after 9pm though) before being taken to our table.   Service was efficient, friendly and knowledgeable.  The food is outstanding.  Duck fat fries: unbelievable. The truffle oil is just a whisper that you almost won't notice until your fourth or fifth fry.   Arancini: deep fried risotto balls with pesto sauce. Crunchy, hot, astounding if out of season...  Duck egg ravioli: the only unsuccessful dish we had, but more related to presentation (it's an ugly brown plate of food) than flavor   Grilled octopus: I will order octopus if it's on a menu knowing it will be over cooked half of the time. Not so here. The octopus was cooked perfectly and subtly hit with vinegar. Delicious.  Chorizo stiffed chicken thigh: simply the best, comfiest dish I've had in Madison this year.  We will definitely return.
4 Just tried this place on 12/05/2012.  I must say it was very good.  The food I would give 4 Stars.  Almost Everything I ate was good.  First, we started with Chorizo Wrapped Dates and Duck Fat Fries.  The Dates were a little sweet for me, but the Duck Fat Fries were incredible.  Next, We had Lamb Carpaccio.  Thinly Sliced Uncooked Lamb with an egg on top with a few toast points.  Very Very Good Dish.  For the main course I had The Chicken Thigh Dish.  It has been mentioned in several yelp reviews.  This dish was a little disappointing to me.  In the reviews they talk about juicy pieces of chicken with tons of flavor.  I found the chicken to be very dry and bland.  My Girlfriend has pork loin which was terrific.  The Service was also very good. 5 Stars! I was a little disappointed they do not have hard alcohol and only serve beer and wine.  But, What can I say?  I'm from Wisconsin.  Overall, I would come back and enjoyed my meal.
5 We tried several dishes. The highlights were the chorizo stuffed dates, dry aged strip, the turkey leg. The turkey leg had a bacon onion jam that was simply amazing. I highly recommend.
5 Clearly, my favorite restaurant is town. The food is delicious. The ambiance and the service are excellent. Sometimes, the wait could be a little long, but it is completely worth it.
4 Warning: their duck fat fries & dip are addictive. For the entre I split a plate of chicken, bacon, & apples, followed by egg nog cheesecake - delicious. Chill atmosphere, friendly staff, and a menu worth exploring more. I plan on going back. My 8 year old even enjoyed it but it is definately more of a date place. I would recommend getting there earlier in the evening as seating fills up quickly and there isn't a lot of privacy once it does fill up. Wish I could check out the NYE dinner spread, sounds like a delicious feast but I already have other plans. Their booth at the Willy St. Fair always has delicious pulled pork so I may order that next time.   Side note:  We were seated by the front window (which was pretty chilly, kept my coat on for the meal) this gave us a front row seat to the action on Willy St... it felt like an episode of COPS outside where at least 6 squad cars and a fire truck were parked out there apparently responding to a call.
3 Thank you Yelp, for having an ambience option of hipster. My work here is done, you have already summed up the experience.  The fries are made with magic fat - duck fat, I believe. And they are amazing.
5 Went here on Monday night, and had a great experience. Good wine selection, most of the reds we from Italy, and the most expensive glass was $8.50, so not bad. The octopus was fantastic, juicy, tender, and slightly crisp. I love that the foods come out as they are ready. The dry aged steak with bone marrow, sweetbreads, and lentils was also pretty special. I'll be back.
5 As everyone says, it's small plates that come out as they are ready, so if you aren't into sharing, this is not going to be a place for you. Almost everything was fabulous and unique. It definitely has its own twists on dishes, such as the poutine made with duck fat fries, cheese curds, and foie gras. My only recommendation is to order items that you haven't seen on other menus because even though they are good they won't blow you away compared to everything else you will eat here. This is a must go for any foodie!
5 When my wife and I moved to Madison five years ago, we weren't so thrilled with the restaurant scene.  In the last few years, however, things have really been invigorated by the opening of three great gastro-pubby places: Graze, Roast Public House on State Street, and now A Pig in a Fur Coat.    We just got home from a really, really wonderful meal.  We'll definitely be going back again.  There were a handful of very small issues that I'll note in brackets.  - We called ahead to inquire about the wait and the hostess told us it would be 30-45 minutes and graciously took our name.  We got there about 35 minutes later.  The space is very nice and very bustling.  It's a loud restaurant, which I happen to like.  I won't go into the seating too much, since it's been discussed.  We took a seat at the bar while we were waiting for a table and just decided to stay there, which worked out just fine.  [Minor complaint #1 I would love to see this place expand into  a slightly bigger space.  I'm not into communal dining, but it would be fine if they kept that at the core.  I'd just like to see a few more options for small-medium sized parties.  As it stands, I can't see taking my folks here when they visit for a nice family dinner, and that's a pity.]  - We ordered drinks.  I had a beer (forgot what kind-- I'm not a big beer guy) and my wife had a very nice house-made blood orange soda.    [Minor Complaint #2: No hard liquor.  I kind of expected some inventive cocktails.]  - We started with olives.  This was the the low-light of the meal.  We both love olives, but these were strange.  I couldn't put my finger on what was so weird about them, but my wife was certain that it was the (pickled?) fennel that was overwhelming the flavor of the olives.  We each took a bite of each kind and pushed the plate away.  [Minor complaint #3: It would have been nice if someone had asked if there was a problem.  I didn't want to complain, since we just didn't care for the taste, but part of me was hoping that someone would ask.]  - Then we had a lamb carpaccio that was out of this world.  Really, really fantastic flavor combinations on this plate.    [Minor complaint #4: It only came with two small pieces of bread.  Maybe I don't understand the economics of bread, but I'll never understand why restaurants will serve you some luxurious dish and then skimp on the bread.  I'd rather risk having a piece left over than have to worry about whether or not I'm putting too much on any slice.]  I'll go out of complaint mode, though, because we asked for a little more bread and it was delivered fresh out of the toaster by the chef himself a few minutes later.  That was nice.  - Then we had the poutine.  Wow.  Really, really good.  I'm a huge fan of this dish, and in the past I've generally thought that there were two kinds of poutine: correctly made traditional poutine and crappy cheese fries masquerading as poutine.  This innovative take proved me wrong.  The combination of the duck fat fries, generous slices of foie gras and fried cheese curds plus a sauce that wasn't quite a gravy but was really, really good just blew me away.    - Dry-aged strip.  Another big winner.  Perfectly cooked medium rare steak covered with generous globs of bone marrow butter and served with sweet breads and lentils.  It was just as good as it sounds.  Since we were so stuffed at this point we had about half of this wrapped up.  I think I'll eat it right after I finish this review.    Overall,  this was a really, really fantastic meal.  One thing I really appreciated was the portion size-- I kind of expected that their "small plates" would be much smaller, and I appreciated the bang for the buck.  We would probably substitute out the large plate next time for another small plate and dessert.    This is really great food in an energetic space with a very friendly staff.
5 One of the best dinner experiences in Madison!!!   What you need to know: 1. Go HUNGRY 2. Definitely go with at least another person that you can share food with (so you can SAMPLE more which = ENJOYING more. You will thank me later) 3. great beer selection (we had the tyranena dirty old man--- oooh, soo smooth and good) 4. Arancini (perfect perfect perfect! Wish we could have had more!) 5. Duck fat fries (need I say more? You got to try it. They don't have ketchup- but ask for it and instead you will get something way better! The chef whipped up a red pepper dipping sauce in SECONDS!) 6. Rabbit rilette (hubby and I didn't know what it was- ordered it anyway and googled it after eating half of it). Just eat it. Enjoy it... WOW! 7. Quail: hubby said "this is sex on a plate!" it was really that good! 8. Agnolotti: perfectly cooked- amazing-- melt in your mouth, oooh-  yum!!!  9. Didn't eat dessert- please see number 1. We ate too much. Will DEFINITELY be going back!!!  10. Great place to wow someone and make them feel special!
3 I was really, really excited to try out this new Willy St. spot.  My first experience left me disappointed.   Here's what was good: 1. It was my favorite dish of the evening, so you'd think I'd remember the name...  It was a pasta stuffed with venison. Absolutely fantastic! 2. The chocolate beignets for dessert were terrific.   Here is how the experience can be improved: 1. Put a dimmer switch on the lights. Damn, it's bright in there! I really enjoyed the communal seating approach, but I don't light so bright that my neighbor can see my pores!  2. Tighten up the staff's presentation and performance. They were sloppy. From the "uniforms" to the food delivery to the timeliness to the billing. All were off and definitely took away from the overall evening.  3. Give us some serving spoons! All the dishes are meant to share, but no serving spoons were provided. I found this a bit odd.  4. Open kitchen? Keep it clean! If you're going to have an open kitchen concept - keep it orderly and clean - at least where customers can see! Dirty plates, dirty aprons and a cook chugging cans of Sprite all evening were not the most appealing view inside of the kitchen.  I'll give it another shot at some point. They definitely need to step it up if they are to legitimately compete against other Willy St. and downtown options.
4 An anniversary dinner and a James Beard nomination (nom-nomination) finally got us to PIAFC. Two apps, three small plates, a bottle of wine and dessert. Any place that serves sardines, in this case pickled and lightly smoked, is starting on the right foot, as far as this guy is concerned. The pork rillete was very tasty once it warmed up. The grilled octopus with a spicy red sauce on chick peas was outstanding. A red beet plate with pistachio 'soil' was an excellent palette cleanser before the venison raviolis. We ended with a high-end, fancy version of donut-holes (5) with chocolate sauce. Do not miss this desert! I managed pics of almost every other dish but these almost disappeared before I regained my composure and remembered to grab a shot of the last one.  This is foodie territory. No burgers, cheese curds or Walleye here. Beautifully presented (eat with your eyes, then your mouth), intensely flavored .... good stuff. Decent, Italian-leaning wine list. Since it was an anniversary dinner, I toyed with the idea of bringing a special bottle of wine. When I queried about a corkage fee, they replied "$25/bottle, two bottle minimum". Why not just say, "f*ck you, drink our wines".  I'm still getting used to Midwest attitudes about wine and food.  A wonderful dinner. A little over a hundred bucks and worth every penny. We'll go back for the large plates soon.
5 Even though Yelp never publishes ANY of my reviews, this place was so good I had to write one anyway. Everything was great, but the chorizo stuffed dates were an epiphany. You HAVE to get them. The octopus and the pork belly were also stellar. Needless to say, I will be back. Hopefully very soon.
5 A pig in a fur coat was amazing.  I went with a group of 5; we arrived right at 5pm and were the first people in the dining room, although within 25 minutes the room was full.  If you'd like to go here, I would suggest arriving before 5:30 or after 9pm (the chef told us that 9pm is about the best time to come).  We had a fantastic and leisurely meal, leaving around 7:50.  There were lots of people waiting by 7pm, and the room was growing loud but not unbearably so.   I thought the price was more than reasonable for the quality and amount of food we got.  We shared the charcuterie & cheese platter (came with bread, sausage, jamon, pork cheek, quail egg, mustard, blue cheese w/honey, and some really funky and delicious sheepsmilk cheese, althoug I would expect the board to change with availability), arancini, duck fat fries, ravioli, pork belly, venison ribs, beets, & poutine, & finished with the Sfingi & bread pudding.  I think we ended up with 1 bottle (maybe $36?  wine ranged from I think about $25-99/bottle and about a third of the list is available by the glass) & 3 glasses of wine, 1 beer, and then after-dinner coffees/espressos/hot chocolates, and were right under $50/person before tip.    When I go back (*if* is not a question), I will probably skip the fries (blasphemy to some, I'm sure, but after the poutine maybe I was fry-overloaded), but will be most tempted to order the ravioli and arancini again.  Everything was fantastic, though. The dishes are really well put together-- always something surprising, and uniformly delicious. All food comes out as it's prepared. We intentionally took it slow and only ordered a few plates at a time, which the waitress told us was fine (especially since we arrived relatively early).   Everyone we interacted with was very helpful and friendly. The space is sparsely decorated but welcoming.  This place is a gem.
5 PiaFC is one of the best places to eat in all of Madison. There! I said it!  This place encapsulates what I love about Madison. Foodies will love it, but my farmer father thinks it also sounds delicious. The flavors are familiar enough to appeal to a wide group of people, but the execution gives it the wow factor that will keep you coming back.  It is classic food, at it's finest, dressed up in a mink coat. ;)  Service - Great! I love wine and had looked at the list ahead of time, but I still chatted the waitress about the list and she knew it well. I went with a group and we requested to have a slow,  lingering experience. We got that. I never felt rushed and we even got to meet the chef in person!  Every once in a while, he came out and chatted with the customers, which I really appreciate.  Drinks - Mostly Italians wines. Red list is much better than the white. Beers are mostly local (and delicious) with some other good standards from around the country.  Atmosphere - Communal dining. Some small tables, but also a few long, shared tables. Even though it is a small space, they make good use of it.   Price - I was pleasantly surprised when we got the bill. Albeit, we never ordered a large plate, but ordered MOST of the appetizers and small plates, along with alcohol. For what you get, this is a steal.  Food -   Amazing. Charcuterie and Cheese plate is a really unique combination of delicious cheeses, cured meats, and other various tasty additions. The duck fat fries were all I hoped they would be. The poutine with foie gras was wonderful, but rich. We had many of the small plates, but the stars were the egg yolk ravioli and venison short ribs. The ravioli is like breakfast on steroids. It is a magical combination of creamy, rich, salty and savory. The venison short rib fell off the bone into a glistening, juicy meld of spicy, sweet and savory. I don't even eat venison (because I don't usually like it) but I Loved the short ribs. Dessert was wonderful as well. The Sfingi is much more complex than just a fried dough. There are hints of cinnamon and orange and a thick chocolate sauce. Decadent.   Takeaway is fabulous! PinFC really is a Madison treasure. Lets hope for a John Beard winner!
5 What a great restaurant.  Eclectic, well thought-out menu, great wine selection, and a staff that really knows the menu and seem very invested in the business.  Yes, it's small and can be very busy.  We were a party of four on a Monday night at 6:30 and were seated immediately.  I am still dreaming about the rabbit rillette - yum!
5 Picture this: a Saturday night, pantyhose pulled up and ready to contain, your fake (but extremely convincing) black Chanel bag is draped over your shoulder and you're working a positive attitude seeing as it is finally reaching almost 40 degrees outside. Can you say "relatable"? This was me walking into A Pig in a Fur Coat last night and while it may not describe you, this restaurant will invite you in whether rocking a coat of fake fur (I mean, it's Willy St.) or Packers print.  I ate at this small hub of porky goodness for the first time almost a year ago and naturally, the deliciousness of their menu items and coziness of the atmosphere remains constant. Poutine, Smoked Salmon, Venison Short Ribs, Bread Pudding and Chardonnay were the picks of last night and by golly, it was already time to relive them all again upon waking up this morning. The foie gras in the poutine and sweetly saucy (oh behave) bread pudding were definite highlights. Service is friendly, vibes are unpretentious and pigging out is highly encouraged.
4 Too expensive.  I used to live in Madison and now I live in New York and this is expensive even by the New York standards. Everything is split into Snacks, Small Plates and Large Plates. Sharing is encouraged. My understanding is that Snacks and Small Plates are somewhat similar size and we were told that Large Plates are the size of an entrée. Well of a really small entrée. All entrees were $22+ and there is no way the amount of food could satisfy a grown person. I am a small woman and I could eat 3 of such entrees easily. For examples, the scallop large plate had 3 scallops on it.  If you try to hit one of best value-priced items order the rabbit rillettes. Be prepared that it's very greasy (as all rillettes go) and order extra bread. That was a pretty filling Small Plate/Snack for $12.  I thought that wine and beer was priced reasonably, $4-5 for beer and $7-8 for a glass of wine on average. For dessert everyone seems to be ordering the bread pudding for $8.  Some tables are communal if you don't mind that. It was warm outside even at tables next to the windows. Big plus for that for a Madison restaurant.  Be prepared for the food to be very greasy. If not animal fat then it will be dripping with some oil. It's tasty but greasy so if you try to eat healthy you will have a hard time but that's not why we go out to eat, right!  At  8 pm on Friday night the place was still packed so the business so far is brisk. Pigs are a casual bunch even in coats so don't worry about dressing up. There wasn't one dressed up person when we were there. So enjoy, it's quite a gem on Willy street and I dare you to order tripe.
4 While the menu was interesting, it is not something I would have typically gravitated towards. To my surprise the group I was with very much enjoyed it! I highly suggest going there with a few friends and ordering a combination of snack and small plate items (don't forget the duck fat fries!). Also had the quail stuffed with chorizo which was amazing. Simply said - great food with a lot of flavor; I will be back on my next trip to Madison!
5 This makes me want to downgrade Nostrano to 4 stars. Really.  Holy fuck.  Food was outstanding--this is, by far, my best meal in Madison.  I went with three friends and we ordered a bunch of things--split everything!  We started out with the duck poutine, pork belly, and bombolini. Ugh, amazing. The poutine was fried in duck fat and had a few pieces of outstanding foie gras. Everything was fresh, cooked perfectly, and delicious.  Bombolini was served with some kind of liver-ish pate on top, as well as fig. Again...amazing. And the pork belly?! Don't get me started on the pork belly! Phenomenal, and that sweet potato puree beneath was killer.  For the large plates we got the porchette--which was a giant thing of pork (PORK!) served over a bed of garlic mashed potatoes with root veggies and scallops. It. was. killer. Pork was cooked magnificently, along with the crunch of the yams and parsnips? Ugh, heaven.  Oh, and the scallops?! Served over sweet potato pancakes and topped with a slice of pork belly (PORK!) and what appeared to be ricotta. Unbefuckinglievable. Only drawback: scallops were slightly undercooked, but honestly? Everything else was phenomenal.  Dessert was an italian pastry--similar to a munchkin (Dunkin' Donuts) or donut hole, whatever you want to call it--doused in a dark chocolate sauce. Amazing.  Total, with a beer and a 22%-ish tip was $40. That also includes paying for my roommates' second beers (I had just one! ...it would've been about 36-37 with tip otherwise). A bargain by any stretch for what we got!  I must go back before I leave this city. I must!
4 I came here with a couple friends and split several dishes.  The food was fantastic!  The communal table in the middle was a little strange (and slightly too high) but it added to the quirky charm of the restaurant.  Of especial note is the poutine (eat it quick before the fats coagulate!) and the scallop.  You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu here.
5 Preface: do not go here thinking there is any way you'll be able to avoid eating your four-legged friends. Not only will you eat them, you'll do it all while boasting a shit eating grin. Needless to say, I had to take a "break" from my vegetarian stint for this experience - I mean, come on, the guy was up for the James Beard award. What more excuse do you need than that?  Dylan K is right: "holy fuck" This is the perfect place to go if you're into eating family style. To top it off, they have communal tables. The whole thing makes you feel like you're sitting in your nona's kitchen waiting for the next feasty course to come out. Only your nona probably doesn't make poutine with duck fat fries and pork belly. She might make ravioli but I bet it isn't served with egg yolk, bacon, ricotta, brown butter and brussels sprouts. I'm pretty sure my heart stopped beating while we were at A Pig In A Fur Coat. The feasting didn't stop there - we also had the pork belly with butternut squash, maple syrup and sunflowers. Delicious, but note that this dish is truly a "small pate" as it's name notes.   Our server couldn't have been better. He was extremely laid back and responded with honest but tactful answers to our questions and even told us a few fun stories from previous diners orgasmic eating experiences. We were attempting to save a bit of room for our next stop, Forequarter, but according to several of the wait staff, we couldn't walk out the door without trying their bread pudding. Bread pudding made with cherries, white chocolate, pecans and homemade caramel gelatto. Pig In A Fur Coat officially earned itself a spot in Brittany's "Pants Unbuttoned" list.
4 The food is rich, and the presentation artful. The flavors magically get out of each other's way so you can distinguish each ingredient as well as the emergent, combined aromas.   This kind of super power with food was good news for the Beets dish, where the subtle flavors of tender beets and pickled carrots really came through, and the Rabbit Rillette on toasted crostini was punctuated with tart cherries. But a dish like the Torchon, a melt-in-my-mouth foie gras atop a chewy donut, settled in a shmear of fig, and wrapped in a salty ribbon of guanciale was really overpowering. All my senses were inundated with lights, smells, and tastes, and I couldn't handle it. I imagine it's a bit like how babies feel right out of the womb.   The Hamachi collar was crispy and tender - though I had to spit out a few scales and small bones. The bread pudding came soaked in salted brown butter with a caramelized, crunchy topping. As with the most of other dishes, it was the richest thing I've eaten all year.   If you are not with a large party and therefore can't try everything on the menu, I recommend ordering based on the ingredients you feel like eating that day. Don't be afraid to ask your servers if you don't know what something is; they are warm and knowledgeable.
5 Diverse, creative, beautiful, delicious food with excellent service. Protein overload. Fries with foie gras. Fries with duck fat. Beef heart. Octopus. Mussels. Pork belly. Rabbit confite. And so on. Communal tables, no reservations. Surprisingly inexpensive. We brought 10 people here and had more than we could possibly eat ,and it still came out to only about $50 per head including wine. A high point of Madison visit. Not to be missed.
5 Wow, wow, wow! You can tell that each and every dish is the result of a real chef that CARES about being creative, unique, and innovative with the food that his restaurant produces.   It's restaurants like A Pig in a Fur Coat that have made me crave and love local businesses and shudder at chains. There is so much passion and thought oozing form every duck fat laden dish!
5 Wow, I don't know where to start.  The meal was THAT good!  We wandered over to A Pig in a Fur Coat this past Monday evening after learning that Sardine, where we'd planned to dine that evening, was hosting a wine event and is normally closed on Monday.  Both my BF and I are just thrilled that we tried APINFC (I'm tired of spelling it out).    We got a table outside and shared a bottle of Argentinian Malbec.  We started with the divine, decadent Duck Fat Fries with Garlic Aioli.  Perfection.  We then had the Chorizo Wrapped Dates followed by the Beet & Carrot Salad.  The dates were interesting.  I ended up liking them but I thought they had a strong green pepper taste at first.  Perhaps another plate of them and I'd be completely on board with them.  The beet salad?  Oh, I could eat that EVERY DAY.  BF and I were goading each other into licking the malt soil and goat cheese off of the empty plate.  We shared the Porchetta, which was quite mild, actually, after eating the beets.  But it was incredibly good nonetheless.  Truffled mashed potatoes.  Maple glazed carrots and parsnips (mmmmmm, parsnips!), veal broth.  For dessert we shared the bread pudding with cherries.  Neither of us had any room left to eat it, but of course we represented and polished it off anyhow.  Our bill before tax was around $100, including a $40 bottle of wine.  Considering all of the food we got for $30 per person (omitting the wine) we both thought it was a good value for the high quality incredients, beautiful presentation and knowledgable staff.  Thanks APINFC.  We will be back.
5 This is hands down my new favorite restaurant in Madison. The food is deliciously decadent and prepared with a lot of attention to detail, the atmosphere is nice and relaxed, and the wait staff are nice.  The food comes in three different sizes and are all intended to be shared. We got one snack size, three small plates, and one dessert for the two of us and we were pretty full. Well even after the main courses I was about to burst but definitely try out the dessert because that stuff is awesome! My favorites for the meal were the poutine (holy cow this was amazing), pork belly, and the bread pudding. If you had to pick one thing, though, definitely try the poutine -- the foie gras is this really creamy texture with a barbequed bratwurst taste, and the french fries and cheese curds are a nice and crispy contrast.
4 Oooook, so, if you are stalking my reviews (which you shouldn't, btw, that's weird), you will notice that, apparently, in my single day in Madison we ate at both PIAFC and Forequarter. Yes, we had two dinners. Well, two 2/3 dinners, so really only 4/3 dinners, which isn't that bad. We just couldn't decide!  Anyway, here we had a beer (Sofie) and two dishes. The place has no cocktails (boooo), and the bar staff honestly just didn't seem that knowledgable about their drinks. I asked for a Black IPA recommendation, got Sofie instead. It's ok, I like Sofie. But still.   Food, however, was great. Duck fat fries more or less always win, but these did, so that's good. Rich as shit though, so be careful. Decidedly NOT a health food.   Lamb carpaccio was the best thing we ate in Madison. Very rich, worked well the the egg, cheese, and greens.   All in all, I think the food is up to par, they need to work on their drink service a bit. Not quite as funky/cool as forequarter - fewer bears, beards, tattoos, etc. I'd say go to Forequarter first (more interesting, less heavy, more veggies), but do PIAFC on day two.
5 Wow!  That is what my fiance said about the scallops on a potato pancake topped with pork belly.  Amazing!  Is what she said about the Duck Fat Fries.  We loved this place.  The prices are reasonable and the service excellent.  My only advice, as we found out the hard way, is that the place is very small and not set up for children.  Had we researched before we stopped in, we would have planned to leave our baby with a sitter.  Everyone was very friendly and we did not feel unwelcome, but the space is just not set up for that. This place is excellent if you like to order something and share, and they recommend that right up front.  Plan to dress a little trendy and don't miss the Duck Fat Fries.
5 It was our first time eating here and was a gastronomical experience.   We shared all of our dishes among 4 people. We had duck fat fries, pappardelle, lamb, porchetta, prime strip and rhubarb pie, which were all excellent.  They are all unusual dishes in how they are prepared and presented, but the flavor combinations were great.  Half of our group liked the pork belly, while the others found the amount of fat overwhelming.   The atmosphere is casual with a small number of tables outside too. We will be back!
5 My only complaint about this place is that I wish it was bigger so it was easier to get in!   It's a 'cozy' environment....but still great! We went around 4:00 and avoided the crowd but by 5 the place was packed with people waiting.   The menu is small, but everything on it sounds interesting. My husband and I shared several dishes----everything was amazing. We couldn't even say no to dessert, the Sicilian Sfingi.....these little orange flavored doughnut balls covered in a chocolate glaze. Unbelievable.
5 We have eaten here 6 or so times in the last year and have yet to have even a single misstep happen.  Great food, fun atmosphere, excellent service!  Duck fat fries, stuffed dates, pork belly, steak, rabbit, octopus and more.  It's better with at least 4 people so you can try many small, medium and large plates.  Wonderful wine and beer selection, too.  What's not to love?  I guess, if pressed for something to complain about, it would be no reservations.  Arrive early to assure a table.
5 On of the best meals I have ever had. The duck fat fries and foie gras were delicious!
5 My new fav restaurant in Madison, and I'm pretty fickle.  Located right off Williamson St. with plenty of nearby parking, we enjoyed every dish.  For starters, we went with the marinated olives, a generous mound of assorted olives with shaved fennel, and the squash blossoms, deep fried in a garlic aioli.  Delicious, but I would have preferred a lighter presentation with less batter.  We then moved on to the Octopus, served with garbanzo beans, and the pork belly, served with hints of maple syrup.  Both were outstanding and not to be missed.  If you love bacon, which I know you do, then the pork belly is not to be missed.  Probably the best use of fat on the planet.  For entrees we went with the porchetta, a generous cut of pork served with parsnips and carrots with a hint of maple.  One of the most filling and delicious entrees I've ever had.  If Madison had a pro baseball team I'd use all kinds of baseball metaphors, like they "hit it outta the park" and "a grand slam."  But, since Madison is known for...ice fishing...I'm really at a loss here.  Well, anyway, it was "quite the catch."  Get this.  The dry aged NY strip was also delicious, but for once I didn't have dinner envy as I was enjoying my porchetta.  Cooked just right, tender and juicy.    My love for this place is now akin to that of Kermit and Miss Piggy, and I look forward to her loving embrace, swimming in an ecstasy of pork fat.
5 I had the most lovely waiter here. I ordered a Malbec and said I always default to Malbec when I don't know what else to order. He said if I liked Malbec, I should try another specific wine they had, so I did - and he was right! This sort of interaction continued thoughout the menu. I've rarely had an experience like that where a waiter not only went out of his way to be so helpful and then was actually helpful. Or rather - you see that at places like l'Etoile but Pig in a Fur coat is in a different market where you might nor expect that. It was great.  Also the food is very tasty. Fries with truffle oil? I need those. Because reasons.
4 Fabulous. Decor, service, presentation, menu, flavors, drinks-everything gets 4 stars. This restaurant is a prime example of a place that really knows what it is doing from the ground up. Call me impressed.
4 My wife had the marinated olives, which she thought were great. (I hate olives.) It's a lot of olives too for $4, so that bit is a great deal.  The lamb carpaccio is excellent. The poutine with foie gras and cheese curds and truffle oil is really memorable, one of the most decadent dishes I've had in a long time. We had the quail stuffed with chorizo, which ended up being a bit dry somehow (possibly overcooked?), so I wish I ordered the pork belly + scallops + sweet potato dish our table neighbor ordered. Those looked amazing. The donuts dessert is excellent. Smothered in chocolate and just barely cooked so the dough is still soft and creamy. I'm a fan.  Our server was extremely friendly and helpful. A bit of a wait due to dinner rush but it's not a big deal, just be warned if you walk in on Friday night at 7 p.m.  Would go here often if I lived in Madison.
4 diamond in the rough for sure. surrounding neighborhood is full of rotted out houses, but this place does great things regardless of their location.  charcuterie platter was great, prices are affordable for the quality presented, and the staff was eager.  i recommend the duck egg ravioli, because the brown butter and fried swiss chard give it a winning edge.  fois grois mousse was creamy and the flavor was great with the fig paste, but is was a clunky eat and hard to divide.  all in all we ate like kings, drank a bottle of wine, had desert and split a glass of prosecco for less than $120.  if i lived in the area i would find an excuse to go eat the charcuterie platter a couple times a week over drinks.
3 I think you should go to this restaurant. Just know ahead of time that it's strange. The charcuterie platter was quite expensive for what it is, just a bit of meat, two kinds of cheese, blue and WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!? The "other" cheese is the worst cheese either of us had ever tasted. The wonderfully cheery waitress chimed in " oh, we agree! When they bring it in, we hold our noses and avoid it". It is referred to as a "cave aged sheep's milk". Well, the maker needs to get a flashlight and go check their cave cuz I think there's a dead emu decomposing in it. Duck fat fries: Lovely!  No ketchup: Idiots. You know, you could make your own artisanal ketchup, guys. Alice Waters has a recipe in her "Tailgating" cookbook. I wonder how many times a day they get asked for this obvious condiment.  Dessert: Fried ricotta donuts in chocolate sauce. 5 Stars.  So, all in all, this is a hipster enterprise extraorinaire. They are full of themselves, as great artists often are. Just be prepared to pay for someone else's flights of fancy in a pretty environment.
4 The liver poutine and duck fries as people have said truly amazing. I had the scallops with the vanilla cream topping and apple butter layer underneath. I have a bit of a sweet tooth and found it incredibly sweet and savory. An very well crafted dish.  The only reason I'm not providing the full 5 star is the atmosphere. I thought the food was great but the servers are all college students and gave off a really chill vibe. I'm not sure if it's only me but I would just would like a little more attention and expertise when explaining the wine list when paying a plate premium.
5 One of my favorite newer restaurants.  I always, always, always try the ravioli which has browned butter, duck eggs, and bacon on it.  Poutine and duck fat fries are the stuff of my dreams! You can even feel free to show up in a swim suit with a coverup like we did! haha!
5 Visited A Pig in a Fur Coat last night with some friends in Madison. Great selection of brews and wine to choose from.  Since there was 6 of us we all opted to order something different and share it. We also have one friend who has a garlic allergy, which some places handle poorly. We let out server know and within minutes the chef was at our table going through the entire menu letting us know what doesn't have or can come without garlic easily.  We had the duck fat fries, winner. The poutine, some of the best foie gras I've ever had. The ravioli was absolutely amazing. The lamb heart was extremely delicious... Needless to say, there was no disappointment with anything served.  For dessert, I suggest the bread pudding with the basil gelato, and the awesome coffee!
1 Meh. I wanted to like this place because I live nearby but I was incredibly disappointed. For a pricey tapas restaurant it's lacking in atmosphere and consistency in the quality of dishes. The space is tiny and stuffy and the bar is beer & wine only. I had four dishes. Two were excellent and two were awful. For the price and pomp I expected a better overall quality. For dessert I had the bread pudding. It  was bland and tasteless. I'm not one to walk away from desserts but after two bites I knew something was wrong and didn't finish it. If you want good quality tapas for a similar price and in a nice setting skip this place and head over to Icon.
5 This place is great and was shocked it didn't win Best New Restaurant....it should have.  We love to come here with a group of four....eat slowly and order a bunch of different items through out the meal.  The menu always changes and there are always some new preparations.    Some favorites.....stuffed dates, pork belly, charcuterie plate, scallops, lamb carpaccio, etc.  This place is good.  Go, wait your turn for the table and eat out of your comfort zone.  You'll love it.
5 2nd visit better than ever. Don't miss it. Don't eat anything that day before dinner. Take lots of people so you can try one of everything.
5 Not quite as good as Forequarter in my book, but some definite advantages like the additional seating and the more wordly menu (if you happen to be feeling that...the local focus of Forequarter is certainly not a downside) like scallops, octopus, dates, etc.  Also how I found out about the existence of San Pellegrino Blood Orange, which is the best drink like ever (3/6-pack at Woodman's!)
5 We chose this restaurant because the chef was recognized as a rising chef by the James Beard Foundation, and it was not a mistake.  The restaurant is in a funky neighborhood in Madison, away from the circle around the Capital, in more of a warehouse district.  Inside it reminded me quite a lot of The Purple Pig in Chicago, with high tables that are solidly built.  Diners are perched on bar height chairs and you share a table with other diners.  We were a group of five, so they put one of us at the head of the table, and it worked out beautifully.   Now to the food--there are small plates, appetizer plates, and larger portions, and we shared a mixture of them all.  The French Fries fried in duck fat was my favorite, but others at my table favored the poutine, which was the aforementioned fires covered with gravy, with some fried cheese curds and some fois gras for those who didn't think the dish was quite rich enough. They do make things that are fired exceptionally well, but the porchetta with mashed potatoes was stunning as well.  They have a lovely selection of Wisconsin microbrewery beers to go along with the fabulous food, and I would highly recommend this place.
5 The weather's changing,  the menu's changing,  but one thing remains the same... this is probably where I will eat my last meal in Madison. Keep your pants on, I'm not going anywhere. Just simply stating that because of several factors including octopus, price-per-portion, creativity, staff, octopus, consistency, wine offerings, rotating menu and octopus, it's high on my list. In a city overcome with elevated and interesting fair, these guys are consistently coming up with menu items that read like a dream and taste like heaven. And they have an amazing bottle of Rose right now (forgot the name) with just enough sparkle to light up an evening. Staff is always helpful at making recommendations, charting out an evening, and I've never felt rushed to make decisions, even when there's been a gaggle of people waiting outside. I know people stay close to the Capital.  I know when people head East they don't head too East.  But if you haven't been to Pig In A Fur Coat you are doing yourself a disservice. I find it harder to snag a table in the colder months (perhaps because they eliminate patio seating?) so now is the time! Do it!
3 I liked this place, but  I wasn't blown away by it.   I shared 4 small dishes plus the duck fat fries with BF. The dishes were all good, but only 2 of them stood out. The oxtail pappardelle were by far my favorites. The sauce had the perfect depth of flavor and the texture was amazing. They managed to make the oxtail feel not greasy at all. And the Parmesan had a breadcrumb crunchiness that stood perfectly against the velvety sauce and smooth pasta. The duck ravioli (actually a single raviolo) was good. Pasta was the right thickness an the egg was perfectly cooked: firm Egg white and oozy yolk. All as drenched in cheesy butter that of course made it only more delicious.  The elk ribs and the octopus were less perfect. Both meats were coked to perfection: the elk deliciously fall apart and the octopus soft and crunchy from grilling. The sides that came with them were quite underwhelming. The Polenta that came with the elk was way too cheesy and soft and the accompanying plums were lost in the sauce. The chickpeas  that came with the octopus were superfluous and the pepper sauce just wrong: sour and acidic in the wrong way. Note I love peppers, but I rarely like pepper based sauces with added acidity, they jus taste off to me... But I might be the odd one here.  Fries were really good and managed miraculously to not feel greasy or heavy. Dessert was a under filled cream puff: not enough filling and a tiny bit too gummy.  Hats off to the wine: very good! And I also liked the communal table: was nice to chat with some of the other guests!  Will be back and try something different. For sure I will make sure to have the pasta!
3 Our first trip to "A Pig In a Fur Coat".  We like to try newer restaurants and was pleased we were able to get a table at 7pm on a Friday night, (they do not accept reservations). Seating is family style and we met a wonderful family visiting from Tennessee.  The atmosphere is cute and the service was outstanding, which means  we will revisit the restaurant, but we are not rushing to get back to the Pig.  We need to try different menu items....in order to share a fair experience.
4 We came as a group of five midweek. We were seated family style at high tables. They have a fairly large selection of local brews. Our meal consisted of a series of shared plates. There are three sizes: appetizer, small, and large dishes. The poutine with cheese curds and four gras was a nice twist on the traditional poutine. We had the grilled octopus that had just the right amount of char to it.  The charcuterie plate was enjoyed by all. And least I forget, the pork belly! We were able to add on dishes as ate along. By the time we were done eating,there was a crowd waiting for seats.  Definitely worth another visit.
4 Delicious tapas style dining. Actual dishes may not actually be Spanish, but very flavorful. Service is great and pretty casual. Duck fat fries truly have the duck fat flavor. octopus is worth a try. Other favs include the ravioli, hamachi and the scallops. They also an extensive beer collection including alcoholic ginger beer.
5 Dined at Pig In a Fur Coat for the first time this past weekend and was not let down. Their casual atmosphere and phenomenal food pair well together. After seeing their chef at Kohler Food & Wine we knew we had to make the trip to experience his cuisine. Our server was casual and laid back which was a nice change for this kind of cuisine. The duck fat fries must be ordered. The ravioli with brown butter sauce was great however rich which is the theme of their food. We had the porchetta and waygu strip for entrees and were again very pleased with our choices. Great wine and beer list although next time I might pass and focus on filling up on the delicious food. The food is delicious and rich with generous portions, plenty for leftovers.
4 I came in and tried small plates - in order to sample many thing.  I liked the duck fat fries. I mean...who wouldn't? I liked the dates and chorizo although I think a bit of cream in the tomato sauce wouldn't hurt. The acid against the sweet taste and gooey texture didn't *quite* work.  The foie mousse was delicious, but foie is just delicious.   The REAL DEAL is the Papardelle. Absolutely perfect, silken, broad ribbons of glory with a PERFECT. bolognese - Dan knows meat.... well.   Nice little menu and educated palates in the kitchen.  You really can't go wrong.
5 Excellent service from beginning to end. Our server was well versed in the plates and the chef was very knowledgeable about gluten allergies and made sure I was able to enjoy every bite. The meal was exquisite from the rabbit rillette, dates stuffed with chorizo, elk ribs and my boyfriend's papardelle.
4 Almost perfect.  Attentive service, great atmosphere, and creative menu.  The only thing that I think fell short was the preparation in food.  It could be preference or perhaps an unusual fluke, but I just felt that the food fell one step behind perfect.  Due to this, most of the dishes weren't as memorable as I wanted them to be.   I did order  dishes with ingredients that I am familiar with cooking with, so I would like to say that I know the potential for flavors.  The dishes I ordered are listed below.    Duck Fat Fries/ parmigiano reggiano/ garlic aioli Octopus/ garbanzo/ greens/ olives/ piquillo Wagyu Beef/ bone marrow/ potato/ onion/ mushroom/ oxtail Ravioli/ egg yolk/ bacon/ ricotta/ brown butter/ swiss chard Cheesecake/ peach/ brandy/ graham cracker  The duck fat fries were amazing.  I would say this was the one dish that I might have dreams about.  The octopus had a lot of potential.  I  would have preferred it to just be braised.  I think it was taken a step further and grilled.  Maybe grilled too long?  The grilling took away from the flavor. The Wagyu Beef was good, but was not as flavorful as I expected.  Perhaps under seasoned?  The Ravioli and cheese cake was good but didn't sparkle.  Overall it was good.    My little nit picking might be due to the fact that I had visited Forequarter the night before.  I felt the restaurants were very similar, but I think Forequarter exemplified perfection at all level.  The concepts were similar, but I believe Forequarter had a better menu and execution of the food.
5 Hands down, absolutely one of THE most delightful places you'll ever dine at in Madison. What, you haven't been here?! Get going, this place does not disappoint! The staff, the food, the ambiance, the neighborhood all work so well together . And the wine list: Fabulous!!   I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.
5 If you give this restaurant less than 4 stars I kind of question whether you have a soul. As others have said, the duck fat fries and pappardelle are can't-misses. I won't say that every dish is perfect, but they all offer something well above and beyond what you're going to find at another restaurant or (in my case) realistically make in your own home. The atmosphere is also bright and fun, and sharing is encouraged which is very much my jam. Even the beer list is full of great options that you won't find elsewhere in town.
5 I think I'm in love. I thought about you all night.  Is it too soon to call you again? I think we have something special here... A very elevated meal in a very casual space. One could almost call it a hole in the wall, but affectionately. Wood surfaces, trendy and small dining room. There is no hard alcohol served, only beer and wine. (I was a little sad about that, but hey, I get it.)   Their menu is designed to be shared, and does change with the seasons and special items that the chef comes across. (YES.) Plates come in three sizes: Small, Medium and Large. Between two people we sampled a variety of items, including the Duck Fat Fries, Wagyu Beef, Foie Gras, Meatballs, and Pork Belly.  (Only the Wagyu steak being the 'large' or entree size amongst them, and was about double the price of any other item we tried.)  Everything was delectable. I particularly loved the Foie Gras plate with fig and beignets. (Though you only needed a little taste of the plentiful amount of fig paste provided, or it overpowered the rest of the flavors.) The steak was very tasty, but frankly it was not as spectacular as the ox-tail lentils provided with it and serving as both sauce and side dish.  The meatballs were tasty and satisfying, but the star of that dish was the bone marrow juice/sauce at the bottom which obediently soaked into bites of the meatballs. And the duck fat fries?  Well, obviously duck fat fries are delicious, so no surprise there. And the garlic aioli they provided was melt-in-your-mouth smooth.  Anyway, I thoroughly recommend this place. We left quite satisfied, feeling fat and full and decadent after 5 plates, most of which were small and medium sized, plus a beer, for about $75. For the food quality, and very adequate service, very reasonable.
5 As if Thanksgiving dinner didn't stuff me like a turkey, my family and I came here for dinner on Black Friday proceeding to stuff ourselves again...but with no regrets! Our dinner here was full of delicious food and superb service.  We came in for an early dinner around 5:30 or so and were the first customers in the restaurant. We got seated right away which was nice since this place is known for having long waits at times due to its popularity and limited seating! Our waiter tended to us right away and was there to explain any dish and give his recommendations, which was much appreciated. He was the best waiter I have had in the past few months.  We started our meal with an order of duck fat fries and beets. I am not much of a fry person, but these fries were pretty damn delicious and the beets were also spot on. They were a nice mix of roasted and pickled beets, ranging from golden to red beets with a few other variations between.  Next we tried the rabbit rillette, pappardelle, and mussels. The rillette was the waiter's recommendation and man am I happy he recommended it. It's not something I would have picked off the menu but it was divine, the rabbit was smooth with just the right fat content. This was perfectly offset by the sides of honeyed cherries and crunchy toast. This and the pappardelle were my favorites! The pappardelle was spot on...perfectly al dente homemade noodles with a bolognese sauce popping with endless flavor. Anyone who doesn't like this dish shouldn't be allowed to have taste buds!  After we polished off our small plates (probably in record time since I come from a clan of fast eaters) we ordered 2 large plates, porchetta and wagyu beef. These were both very well prepared but if it's your first time here I would fill up on a few small plates instead of one large plate, in order to get a better taste of what they have to offer.  We had thoroughly stuffed ourselves but decided to squeeze in dessert and ordered the panna cotta and the cream puff. Both were delicious, but the panna cotta was definitely more refined in my opinion. It was a perfect circle of jiggly glow, surrounded by these delicious cherries that had been soaked in something and a dusty of something with a little crunch. The cream puff was tasty but not the best value for $8...seemed like something that could be made at home.  All-in-all Pig in a Fur Coat was a solid choice for dinner...come here on your next date night, family dinner, etc!
5 Any restaurant with 4.5 stars is definitely a place I need to check out, especially a spot my foodie friends wont shut up about.  PIAFC did not disappoint.    My girlfriend and i sat at one of the raised family style tables next to other couples.  After some wine conversation with the others couples was free flowing.  We had the best poutine i've ever had (foie gras, duck fat, perfectly cooked fries- yum) The pork belly was so tender you could use a spoon to cut it. And the guinea fowl (main plate) was pretty good too.  The main dish was my least favorite, probably because the other 2 dishes were an 11 out of 10.  One of the couples at our table leaned over and asked us if it was gluttonous to order a second dessert as they couldnt believe how delicious the bread pudding was.  So not normally being dessert people we had to try what they were raving about.  My GF got the bread pudding and verified its deliciousness.  I got the cheese cake and was blown away.  Try the cheese cake. It's stupid good.
5 Awesome overall dining experience. The cozy interior was pleasant and clean.  The waitstaff was very attentive and helpful and dishes were all unique and delicious. There were four of us, and we ordered  Snacks: 1. Duck Fat Fries/ parmigiano reggiano/ garlic aioli 2. Dates/ chorizo/ piquillo peppers Small Plates: 3. Pork Belly/ sweet potato/ apples/ sunflower/ almonds/ balsamic 4. Mussels/ crazy water/ leek/ spinach/ chilies/ toast Large Plates: 5. Wagyu Beef (mushrooms, not sure what else, but different that currently shown on their internet menu) Desserts: 6. Sicilian Sfingi/ chocolate/ orange 7. Panna Cotta/ orange/ brandy/ cherry/ shortbread  The highlight of the meal for me were the Duck Fat Fries. I just couldn't imagine a french fry could taste so amazing. My dining companions liked the dates, but I wouldn't chose them on a return visit. The Pork Belly was the most delicious meat that I have ever had in my mouth and went so well with its accompaniments. The Mussels were plentiful and very nice--with a delightful mild flavor. The Wagyu Beef was very nice but seemed like a less special preparation than the small plates.   The Sfingi were delicious donut holes and we thought  they were much tastier than the Panna Cotta, which had a wonderful smooth consistency but didn't have much flavor.  With wine and tip the meal was about $155 for 4, which I felt was reasonable for the dining experience. I'm definitely planing to return. We went at 5:45 pm on a Saturday night, and there was plenty of communal seating, but the two tops were mostly filled. By 6:15 the place was packed, but when we left at 7:30 there was plenty of communal seating again. So if you don't like to wait for a table, I'd advise going early or late. I always prefer to go somewhere where I know I have a reservation, but I realize the difficulty of offering reservations in a place like this, where it is very variable how many courses a table will order and where the bulk of the seating is communal.
5 We lived the cozy, busy little room. Despite the close tables we were comfy. And the people next to us were just friendly enough. My favorite dish was the salmon tartar. Just enough dill,  not oversauced, nutty and unexpected faro. Also excellent was the rabbit rillettes. So rich but also herbaceous and rustic. The Turkey leg was amazing. Could have used just a few more lovely little brussel sprouts. But the meat and the sauce were incredible. The bread pudding with the cherries showed the same attention to detail as every other dish. Just outstanding food and really friendly, attentive service.
4 This is a quirky little restaurant on Madison's funky Willie Street. The restaurant is small so it utilizes a couple long communal tables in the center with a handful of tables around that. It only serves wine and beer. The menu is very small and the emphasis here is firmly on the food. I highly recommend examining the menu before you go. The selections are not only very limited, there are no "safe corners" of the menu. By that I mean pretty much every dish other than the duck fat fries contains at least one "challenging" ingredient that may be off-putting for the less adventurous diner.   We tried four dishes:  Beet salad with goat cheese puree, watercress and pickled carrots. This is a dish that seems to be everywhere at the moment. This one is delicious with beautifully roasted, earthy beets. The distinguishing ingredient here is the pickled carrot. That really helps elevate the dish.  Next we had Ravioli/ egg yolk/ bacon/ ricotta/ brown butter/ swiss chard. This was an intensely salty dish. I happen to like that. It is very, very rich. The egg yolk is very runny and combines with the brown butter to make a very hearty dish. We both liked this one a lot.   Next up was Mussels/ crazy water/ leek/ spinach/ chilies/ toast. This was just a basic bouillabaisse with just lots of muscles. I didn't detect any chilies in the dish which I think would have given it more excitement. This was just average to me.   Lastly we had Panna Cotta/ orange/ brandy/ cherry/ shortbread. This was beautifully done. The panna cotta had a wonderful texture and the cherries had absorbed plenty of the brandy flavor.   Service was attentive and friendly. The isn't a hint of pretense here, the interior is sparse with plain wood tables and hanging exposed filament light bulbs. The one flaw is that the light level was too high. It actually hurt our eyes and made the place seem less intimate than it is. I'd strongly prefer much lower light and a candle on the table.  We'll definitely be back to try other dishes here.
5 Wonderful food and service.  Staff loves food and working here and it shows.  Every dish we ate from the duck fat fries, beet salad, ravioli with duck egg, and mussels were delicious and many layers of taste.  I will return with friends.  Was a little worried about the community table but it works.   One of the best in Madison.
5 I don't want to mess with PFC's ratings, as the place is great.  It may not be as good as it gets, but it is about as good as it gets in Madison.  Our personal rating system would save five stars for only the finest of fine dining, but fair is fair.  We enjoyed an early supper, which always helps to get the chef's attention in advance of the mob that arrives later.  Both the chef and the waiter were on their toes, welcoming and checking both during and after the meal.  We can recommend the rabbit and pork belly specialties as small plates, and we never got to the larger ones.  They were as good as advertised.  What more can you ask?  I didn't order the mussels, but saw them delivered to the next table and would certainly try them on our next visit.  Had a couple of other small plate items, but the rillet and pork belly stood out.  Their selection of wines, brews, and meal choices are sufficient to cover anyone's taste short of those in the allergic crowd.  Limiting the menu and doing everything well appears to be the Pig's focus, and we approve.
4 Our group of six Shared the following items; Duck fat fries, meatballs, pork belly, mussles, pappardelle, lamb carpaccio, dates, octopus, beets, porchetta, guinea fowl.  Dessert we had Cheese cake custard bread pudding and port tawny.  Top choices for the group were duck fat fries, pork belly, and the dates.  These were all outstanding.  The rest of the items were very good except the lamb.  I don't recommend ordering the lamb.  It was slimy, tasteless, and way over priced.  The service was good.  Our server did a great job recommending a wine that I really enjoyed.  Bill was close to 300.00 for all of the food and several drinks plus dessert.  I thought this was reasonable.  I would definitely come here again.
5 Yep.  I will be back.  This menu was insane.  The service was wonderful--our server was helpful, witty, attentive, and quick.  Loved it.  My husband and I shared the duck fat fries...ok not a good start, there are WAY better fries in Madison.  WAY better.  Then we moved on to the dates....ohhhh yeah.  Super delicious, wanted more.  On to the ravioli.  Sweet jesus was that unbelievable.  A must-try.  Large plate was the porchetta.  Praise the food gods, pork wins. Amazing.  Hubby was not blown away by it but I thought it was so, so flavorful.  Dessert was good too--sfingi.  Yummy orange scented donut thingies.  Drooling again.  Try it!
4 My first experience with this restaurant was during the Willy St. street fest, where they had a booth selling pork belly sandwiches. I usually am not a big fan of booth/truck food unless it's like cheap eats, but I was so hooked by this sandwich! I eventually went back for dinner. It's a tiny place, and we sat at the long high table that we share with others. I usually like sitting in a booth and having my private space, but this was not bad at all. Everything we ordered was just amazing!! My favorites are the duck fat fries and the pork belly! This place is pretty pricey (hence minus one star) but these two items are just amazing. I have also tried the meatballs and the porchetta (which is quite a bit of meat). They were all so great.   I just have minus 1 star for how tiny the place is and a bit pricey. If you dont care about these things, this place is 5 stars for you.
5 Arrived 630pm on a Saturday night, we waited about 20 mins before seated at a corner seat not part of the communal table. The atmosphere is warm and not classy, very good for small gatherings between close friends and couples.   Food is absolutely Incredible. We two people had "duck fat fries", "ravioli", "mussels", "octopus", and "pork belly", and ended up very full and satisfied. Everything was nearly perfect, to the extent that I do not pick the best and least good dish of the night. With one visit, a pig in a fur coat is already among one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.
5 This place is awesome! We went the Friday before Christmas so it was really slow, but the space is fairly small so I bet it gets pretty packed on an average weekend night. My boyfriend and I split a bunch of tapas and none of them were disappointing. The duck fat fries and dates are musts! Both are very flavorful, and for tapas the portions are decent. Our server was great and we didn't have to wait too long before the dishes started coming out. As with most restaurants on Willy St. you will need to street park.
5 Food was fantastic! The idea of sharing was a little odd at first but I liked it once I tried it. Loved the pork belly and the chocolate soufflé with passion fruit and chili sauce!!!! Super fun for a date night!
5 Where to start...  I'm a student at the university and my mom and I have been reading a lot about this restaurant. When we stumbled upon A Pig In a Fur Coat's menu, we knew we had to try it. She came up to visit this weekend and we finally decided to check the place out. Because this place doesn't take reservations, we made sure to get there early enough where we could get a spot to sit. They open at 4:00, we were there at 4:04 AND we were not the first diners to arrive. We were the second. The point is, it's pretty sought-after.  We were seated immediately at one of their two-person tables and greeted by our server Bill...or Bob? His name started with a "B" and he was kind, professional, and attentive throughout the night without being overbearing. He recommended that the two of us choose a snack, a small plate, and a large plate for our meal and explained the wine menu to us with great knowledge. My mom ordered a glass of the red Barbaresco and I ordered a glass of the white Albarino. Both were absolutely delicious. I am not a fan of red wines but I found that the sip that I took from my mom's glass was very mild but full-flavored. For our snack(s) we ordered the roasted dates stuffed with chorizo and slathered in a red piquilo pepper sauce. I've had some great stuffed date dishes in my life but none compare to these. When you first bite into these scrumptious little pillows of flavor, you get the spiciness of the sausage. Soon after, the smokiness of the pepper comes in followed by the essence of the light cheese that is sprinkled on top and as the flavor profile of the morsel concludes, the sweetness of the fruit shines. Phenomenal. Our second snack was the rabbit rillette that came presented in a cute little mason jar. We were told to stir the patè-like paste, which was garnished with pistachios and served with freshly toasted rustic bread and a sour cherry syrup. We slathered the rillette onto the bread and drenched it in the syrupy cherries. There are no words to describe how indulgent and rich the taste of the rabbit was with the subtle crunch from the nuts. The sweetly-sour cherries accompanied the fatty spread perfectly and helped to lighten it up. And it's a great price for the amount of the rillette that you get: almost a full 12 oz. (ish) jar for $10! For our small plate we ordered the lamb carpaccio. It came topped with fresh parmesan, micro greens, and an egg yolk with the same pieces of crusty bread on the side. We were told to mix it all up, cut it, and top our crostini with it. A simple dish done right. Light and refreshing right after a rich appetizer. I really enjoyed this take on an Italian classic. Our large plate was the rainbow trout with a  rutabaga-chili-lemon sauce and potatoes and broccoli. WOW. I have never had a freshwater fish like this. It came whole, baked and crispy, with all the bones taken care of. The sauce was the perfect accompaniment to the fish and the vegetables paired well to. Overall, VERY solid fish on a predominantly meaty menu. Dessert was the panna cotta - my choice of course - with and orange-brandy sauce and fresh cherries. It was topped with shortbread crumbles and fresh mint. Unreal small, light dessert. It was perfect after eating four courses. The taste was so refreshing it was unbelievable. A lovely gelatinous flan-like end to the evening. With dessert, I had another glass of wine - the chardonnay - which was actually made in Spain in stainless steal barrels instead of oak. It had an incredible flavor that was totally different from every chardonnay I have ever had. Almost smokey even.  Anyway, I HIGHLY recommend APIAFC to anyone who wants a well-crafted meal. I found that the menu could cater to even the least adventurous diners. It's a 5-star restaurant without the 5-star pretense.
4 Cute little placed tucked in on Willy St. Their signage doesn't have any lettering so if you are looking for that you might walk by it. Look for a pig made out of wire/metal. Also note it is not wearing a fur coat. :)  Got the duck fat fries. Basically the best fries you could ever eat. I had some leftover (how? right??) but I did and brought them in for lunch. I reheated them in the microwave and everyone in the break room started exclaiming something smelled amazing. Still delicious the next day.  Pork belly...mmm....like bacon. But better. You can't be afraid of fat if you want to eat this dish.  Also got the guinea fowl, which was good but not as memorable as the pork belly.  The place is very charming, you can't get anything bad here really. I'm giving 4 stars, while everything was extremely delicious, I don't think I had a wow moment where I was amazed by a dish. But I will definitely come again because I know it's bound to happen at this amazing place!
4 What a lovely little restaurant!  We went on a Saturday night without realizing how busy it was. Had to go out bar hunting so we won't have to stand around looking silly for 45 mins (even though the girl told us it would be about 25 mins of wait).  Madison this year was cold as hell but the it was proven that the 45 mins was rather worthwhile of waiting. The waiter greeted us warmly as we settled.  Since I didn't order the food my recollection of the naming is quite a blur. The pork belly was possibly the most impressive of all - fried crispy on one side, though the fat was still there it's so satisfying even with just one bite. Other food was pretty decent. I have to say the chef(s) was quite audacious about the ingredients, and did a very good job to incorporate them into contemporarily Americana cuisine. The price certainly resonated that, too.  Couple problems:   1. I am not a tall person; but even my bf who is 6 ft sitting at the high table looked immersed under the table...chairs too low, gotta sit straight! Maybe that's just for the tall table, anything ways to fix that??  2. Waiters - you did a very good job warmly grating us, explained the wicked food, and blahed, but forgot to take away our plates when they were done (I even tried to hand them to you!). This is not a 10 buck-feed-two kind of restaurant, please be a little more conscious with your OVERALL duties (off that darn one star).  We would love to come back to Madison and visit this spot again. Hopefully no tall table next time.
5 Have I really not written a review for this place yet? Bad, Simon. Bad.  I've probably been here a half-dozen times and am happy to report that it is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. I've liked everything I've eaten here. We had the NYE tasting menu too, which was excellent and convinced me that I need to keep an eye out for other events.  The restaurant is not "fancy" in that french restaurant, fine-dining kind of way. It's more comfortable. I'd gladly rock jeans and a suit jacket or even just a simple polo/oxford. But the food...it actually reminds me of a restaurant that I ate in while in Paris. The food is a little different of course, but that same sort of authentic feeling vibe. I'm into it.  If you're a capital square kind of guy, it's time to stroll down Willy St. (well, if it's winter still, maybe consider cabbing...).
5 Excellent everything!! Be sure to bring a few people and share plates so u can experience more of what they have to offer! Excellent wine list and great service! The inside decor is also very up to date yet classy! Will definitely be back here probably once a month!
4 My friend brought us here while we were visiting Madison. It's such an awesome place. Cool atmosphere and excellent food. Really unique in that it serves tapas (small plates) with some communal seating. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave good suggestions.   The three of us shared meatballs, duck fat fries, pork belly,  guinea fowl, and porchetta. The dishes came out when they were ready so we paced ourselves accordingly. The meatball was very flavorful and cooked perfectly with just the right density. The pork belly was succulent with a good balance of saltiness and sweetness from the potatoes, nuts, and apple toppings. The duck fat fries were very delicious. Thin and crispy with great texture and flavor from the duck fat. The fowl was pretty good, the meat is tougher than duck but it was still pretty tender. Lastly, the pork (and possibly other meats) in the porchetta went really well together with the veggies. The place is a bit pricey for a small party since you'd want to try quite a lot of things on the menu. Best to come here in larger groups.
4 wow will come back for the duck fat fries! great food
5 I can say without shame that I come here way too often.   I work around the corner, so my friend and I frequent PIAFC a lot. I've had almost everything on the menu and my top four would have to be the sfingi, torchon, poutine, and guinea fowl.   1. Sfingi: when you get your plate of sfingi, you're going to have a hard time justifying $8 for what seems to be chocolate donut holes... BUT THEY ARE SO WORTH IT. The tiny hint of orange mixed in with cinnamon is absolutely fantastic. So much so that the chef always jokes that he's going to make me a sfingi punch card (I'm still waiting on the punch card).   2. Torchon: the torchon has a bombolini (I just call them little donut holes, hehe), a slice of foie gras mousse, a fig mixture, and lardo (which is a similar to proscuitto but a lot fattier). Simple, delicious and fantastic.   3. Poutine: awesome, awesome and AWESOME. All the other reviews rave about the duck fat fries, which I adore, but the poutine is phenomenal. You get the best of both worlds because the poutine comes with duck fat fries. The poutine sauce is rich and goes really well with the foie gras, cheese curds, and fries.   4. Guinea Fowl: the guinea fowl has to be my all time favorite entree here at PIAFC. I love how the feta offsets the sweetness from the fregola and complements the spiciness from the chorizo INSIDE the fowl. Delicious.
3 Had a great fall visit to Madison on a mini-vaca and was excited to try this restaurant. Maybe we built up a high expectation reading reviews. Unfortunately, we just weren't very impressed by the food. I target gastropubs, new American and snout-to-tail places to help build my context with my Indy hometown faves Bluebeard, Black Market and Libertine. I have had some great experiences in the Midwest. But at apiafc we left just feeling... meh.  First let me say that the restaurant is cute and I dig the closeness and capacity of the place. Reminds me of dining in great little restaurants in New York City. The beer and wine lists were impressive and our server did well introducing us to local beers. Loved that.  We tried poutine (which I normally avoid) based on the logic: Wisconsin: curds: poutine. It was ok and succumbed to the fat and sauce before we could finish. We had beets, pappardelle, and lamb. All decent, but very prescribed and no surprises, nothing exceptional. We opted to skip dessert.  Maybe I'm asking too much, but the gastropub/new American genre is becoming... I hate to say it... played out. I feel like I've been to this restaurant before in many college towns. Unless a chef brings something to the genre, something regional, some challenging passion of the chef, something to set them apart, then why am I eating here?  I do expect a lot when I'm spending $100 on dinner for two in a casual atmosphere. What's next after the marrow, the duck fat, and the pork belly? If I'm in Madison again soon, I'll definitely check the menu and perhaps come back based on what I see on the menu. I challenge the chef(s) to make a regional statement, invent, and challenge me - the patron. I believe the skill and context is here, but the food isn't yet.
5 As self-professed foodies, we love to find off the beaten path recommendations and Pig in a Fur Coat did not disappoint.  Our server, Ben, was spot on with his recommendations for the rich, savory rabbit rillette followed by the bright, flavorful charred octopus.  With that flavor coupling being exactly what we were looking for, we opted for round 2 of the same:  pappardelle followed by beets with goat cheese and pickled carrots.  For dessert, the cheesecake -- not your typical presentation and absolutely fantastic -- with peaches and a brandy reduction.     The Pig is a can't miss for foodies....on par with similar places in Chicago, San Fran, and New York but with the a Wisconsin flair.  Loved it!
4 Overall, I was very satisfied with my experience at Pig in a Fur Coat. Food quality was excellent, portion sizes were pretty good, and the menu is a bit more creative than the standard trying-slightly-too-hard fancified comfort food places.   That said, it's not cheap. This is one of the more-expensive places that I feel justify the cost, but that's just me.   I'm of two minds about the communal seating. Sometimes if I'm feeling particularly boisterous (i.e. drunk) and think my conversation is particularly entertaining to others, I don't mind table-mates joining in or whatever. On the other hand, sometimes I just want to go out and have a nice dinner and not have random people all up in my grill.
5 It's difficult to avoid the rumblings about a great restaurant when you have foodie friends.  This is really what led to us having dinner at Pig in a Fur Coat.   I consider myself a foodie, but not a food snob.  I probably won't pick up on something being a tad greasy unless it's really so - and I don't arrive at criticism unless the item in question has hit some major roadblocks.    That said, I'm a chubby man who loves food and my palate has found a favorite in this restaurant.  The duck fat fries will forever be in my dreams.
5 Great food great service. If you want to try something new check out this place. Rabbit, lamb, scallops, beef veg dishes. You name it they have it. I loved the family style serving so you are encourage to share.
5 A Pig In A Fur Coat by far exceeded my expectations!  I checked out the menu prior to going and will admit I was a little intimidated by what I saw (I had never tried, let alone heard of many of the dishes).  However, it was beyond amazing!  We had the rabbit rillette, the pork belly, Wagyu beef, and the cheesecake for dessert.  Everything was perfect.  The service was excellent by all; we received excellent recommendations on both our food and drink choices, the food was timed well, and the environment was great.  They have a few outdoor tables right now and many tables for two inside.  The communal tables are for the larger groups but it did not appear to be too cozy at those tables at all.  The food is truly an art form here.  It was refreshing to experience unique and rich flavors with every bite.  I am not usually a beef person, but my husband wanted to try the Wagyu beef- wow!  It literally melted in your mouth.  We will definitely be back again.
4 Honestly more of a 3.5 star for me. I was not particularly impressed by Pig in a Fur Coat, especially given all of the raving reviews - mostly from fellow elite yelpers who's tastes I have high regards for.   I loved the ambiance of the restaurant, but found it a little too stuffy (I don't think the kitchen was ventilated particularly well because I could smell a lot of the kitchen oil from where I was sitting, and it made the restaurant almost unbearably warm).   Our party of three was seated at one of the large communal tables, which we had to ourselves until the latter part of the meal. Although I liked the idea of the communal tables, I found the height of the table/stools a little awkward. Either the table was too high or the stools were too low, but I felt like I was sitting a little too close to my food with my elbows uncomfortably high.  I must commend our server though, she made us feel really welcome and did her best to offer suggestions from the menu.   Anyway, on to the food:  Rabbit Rillete - I'm not a huge fan of any concoction that seems to be super high in fat content, but since my friend (mistakenly) mentioned that he had tried it before and loved it, we put in an order for our group. It was definitely an interesting combination of flavors and juxtaposition of sweet (cherries) and savory, but it was definitely not my cup of tea.  Ravioli - Probably my least favorite dish of the night. I definitely think I missed the point of the presentation and preparation of the dish, because I couldn't really appreciate how the different ingredients were incorporated together.  Pork belly - (recommend!) Well-prepared and flavorful, but nothing super, super memorable. Definitely something to try though if you are a huge fan of pork belly!  Guinea fowl - (highly recommend!!) Guinea fowl stuffed with chorizo, a fantastic (and unique) combination! I also loved the bedding of fregula and mixed vegetables, they were definitely a great addition to the poultry dish.  Cheesecake - (highly recommend!!) can you say peaches and cream(cheese)? super rich, but a great dessert option to share with your dining companions. also, it is served chilled in a mason jar with a side of peach jam, so what is not to love?  For me, the highlights of the meal were definitely the guinea fowl and cheesecake! I would recommend at least three out of the five items we ordered, which is not a horrible statistic. However, I find Pig in a Fur Coat relatively pricey for the size of their portions, so I probably won't be back unless I am dining out with company that is really into tapas style restaurants (or perhaps someone I'm trying really hard to schmooze up to).
5 Delicious food, great beer selection, and a very friendly and helpful wait staff. What more could you want? Check this place out if you are ever in Madison. Oh, and order the poutine!
4 We decided to check this place out because we love our pork. Standout was duck fat fries.  We also tried some small plates- can't remember which ones but they were tasty. I think one was pork belly- very flavorful.  The place is tiny and intimate so expect long wait on weekends.  Server was knowledgable and passionate.  Wine list was expansive.  Would definitely go again.
5 Best restaurant in Madison in my opinion.   I've gone three times, and each time it has been excellent. The building is small, but has a comfortable, homey feel. The waitstaff is knowledgeable and friendly. The menu changes occasionally, but always has a good variety of creative and delicious dishes. The chef has even accommodated friends of mine who were vegetarians or had other dietary restrictions.   The only minor complaint is that they don't take reservations so you might have to wait for a bit, but it's well worth the wait. Go there, share a few plates with friends, and you'll have a great time.
5 Great atmosphere, food, and service. I ordered the octopus, duck fat fries, and ravioli. I've heard the hype about this place for a while and now could finally say that I dined here and agree!
