5 I was surprised at the quality of the pizza.  Their Mini-golf was really cool and had a golf ball cannon that i thought was awesome.  The laser tag is always a good time.  I didn't play the arcade games, but they looked cool.
3 Thought we would try the new location.  It was nice they added party rooms, food and a bigger arcade.  We minatured golfed and played laser tag.  They planned the timing perfect for us.  We were a bit worried when we saw several birthday parties going on at the same time but we had no problems going through the golf.  Areas of the golf course could have had more lighting but all and all it was just ok.  We did play laser tag which was quite fun.  I think this is a one time event for us and will go back to Kiss Minature golf in Las Vegas.  I am glad we tried it - I was just hoping for more when I heard they moved.
5 My friend and I were in a serious mini-golf mood and were looking for a fix.  We figured on trying Kiss Mini-golf but when we drove by it was close to 10pm and they close at 11 and it was hot as heck and didnt feel like being outside.  My friend heard from co-workers of a place near where we lived in Henderson called King Putt.  He were on our way! When we arrived I had to admit it looked small but I was a bit happy to see it had Lazer Tag (never tried it...really wanted to).  The staff were all extremely fun and nice to us.  We were some of the only people in there and we really got the royal treatment!  Because we played mini-golf there was a discount on our Lazer Tag.  The manager explained everything to us in detail and even offered to play along if we wanted since we were the only 2 playing.   Back to the mini-golf....It was AMAZING!  All of it was in black-light paint and there were really great obstacles and cool pulley systems where your ball would go up and then down a tube and it was just really fun.  I've never had as much fun min-golfing as I had there.  After mini-golf we played some arcade games, they had a real good selection of them (not a lot of them because it was a little limited on room) but a real good selection for the room they had.   Then lastly is when we played the Lazer Tag and I have to say I really want to try it again sometime soon!  The room was really cool and had lots of good spots to move around too and the Mummy was a cool addition!  All in all, this place rocked and the staff were especially awesome and when I get that mini-golf/lazer tag itch again, I'm definitely going there!
4 It's been tough for me the past few years, being a laser tag fan in the Henderson area. Ultrazone and Laser Force are gone. For years, the only options have been to drive across town to Laser Quest or the Adventure Dome, and neither one of them are terribly great experiences. When I heard a new laser tag place was opening close to home, I was pretty damn pleased, albeit skeptical.  I finally went over and tried this place to day, and I have something to say:  Laser tag is BACK. And in a big way.  The laser tag here is from the Laser Force company, which is the same company that ran the standalone Laser Force outlet at Sunset/Pecos for several years before it finally shut down. It's largely the same experience - the equipment is easy to use, and the venue is a good size and has plenty of surprises. Granted, the arena isn't as big as that of their standalone venue of the past, but this is still a respectable place to play laser tag, and it definitely trumps the other places remaining in the city. I'll be returning here, and often. The experience is a whole lot of fun, easy to learn but tough to master. Plus, it's fun for all ages.  The mini golf course is solid, though not the best of its kind - although I guess I kind of have been spoiled by the KISS mini golf course that opened up a few months back. All things considered though, it's cool to finally have a blacklit indoor mini golf course in the Henderson area - and it's still a lot of fun to experience.  There is also an arcade, which includes games of change you can earn tickets at to get prizes. However, the selection of games is not that great and the prize selection is pretty basic. I would like to see more arcade games in here in the future, preferably some classics. Still, the arcade is a "side show" next to the laser tag and mini golf, so I can't knock points off for this.  It is also worth mentioning that they do have some food available, including pizza, which is nice if you get hungry during your laser tag marathon. The staff are all very friendly and were helpful with any questions I had.  Overall this place comes strongly recommended, any shortcomings are minor.
5 We take our Boy Scout troop here for special functions - and everyone always has a great time. The games are fun, it's not overly noisy and ridiculous like some other places, and the pizza is actually really good. The staff is great. We love coming here.
2 I went here for a birthday party and I was excited as was my little guy. I was so disappointed with their minature golf!  I seriously expected more obstacles instead it looked like something someone slapped together in a few hours. Some areas were really dark and that made it hard to see. I was shocked that each area for the holes were open for walking I am guessing. This made zero sense since the kids were hitting it and the ball would go where there was no barrier and usually hit someone's feet. I am used to much better, more thought out courses I guess. One saving grace was the pizza which was actually quite good for this type venue. My son got to play laser tag for the first time and had a blast so that deserves one star seeing the huge smile on his face. I would probably return for the pizza and maybe to play a few games in the small arcade.
4 We recently went to a birthday party at King Putt Mini Golf & Laser Tag for a Laser Tag bday.  It was a 10 year old birthday party and the kids had a blast.  Even my husband had fun.  At first my girls were afraid, but once they went into their first Laser Tag game, they wanted to go again and again.  As the parents, we could stand out of the game and watch the points of the kids as well as monitors on the wall that showed them playing.    We went early and it seemed to get much more crowded after 7pm.    If I made some recommendations, it would be a less expensive arcade area and a special seating area for the birthday kid.  Other than that, my girls had a blast and immediately want to go back and play laser tag.
1 Let's put it this way, I can't stand Chuckee Cheese but I would rather go there any day than go back to this dump. I wish I could give this place NO stars. I had good hopes for this place, it's in a nice neighborhood, it's new, but was I mistaken. The crowd this place attracts is yucky, lot's of hooting and hollering, 9 year olds were yelling F* this and S***, not something I want my 5 year old around. What I really disliked was there was NO supervision- the staff does nothing except take your money, and especially since the food area is way over on the other side (separated from the rest of the place) no parents were supervising either because they all sat on their fat butts while kids ran around waaaayyyyy on the other side like maniacs. All the staff here are teens and are useless, my little boy wanted to use the skee ball but there was an entire soda dumped all over it. An hour later, it was still there. The laser tag was "okay" but when we went in the mini golf it STUNK of cigarettes, utterly disgusted at this point we left and would never go back even for free. If you're dumpy maybe you will like this place.
2 Not recommended. I would drive to the north end of town instead. The laser tag arena is very small.
4 This place was a pleasant surprise! We went with our two children for the mini golf, and it was a great indoor 18 course. It was kind of small, but it didn't matter because each hole was so creative! They have one where you shoot your ball out of a gun (in a contained netting) and one that sucks the ball up into a tube and through a pipe-maze. Kind of hard to explain, but it was fun to see each hole and what it had to offer. Its also in a dark atmosphere with black lights, so that was really fun.  Our kids are pretty young and we weren't sure they would like it, but it was perfect for them! Its a clean business and the teenagers that worked there were very polite. My husband and I both agreed it would be a cute place for a birthday party too!
3 I haven't been to putt putt in years, so coming here made me super nerdy anxious all wrapped into one giant golf ball. King Putt was pretty cool and I did have a good time. I came here on a double date with two other friends and we ended up having a really good time, letting competition run the show at some points.   For students, it's a really good bargain because entrance prices are just $7. It was not really busy and we went on a Friday night! Basically you pay at the front and you get to choose your glow in the dark gold ball from the array of choices. Keep in mind this is a glow in the dark experience and it made it all the more fun. There are 18 holes, like normal golf, and each presents itself with a different challenge. The courses were actually pretty fun and had required some decision making, leading to a more competitive atmosphere. It was unique and not cheesy.   The good thing about this place is that it's not designed to be a quick round of putt putt. Nor is it designed to keep you there for hours on end. There were four of us and we were there for all 18 holes for a little over an hour if that. It was the perfect pace and I never felt rushed or like we were there for a long time. The disappointment was minor, because the last hole was just you returning your ball. BUT in exchange you can get tickets to trade for some prizes. The girls got some candy and tattoos.   This place does offer more amenities like an arcade, a restaurant and even laser tag. I think this would be a fun place to take the family or have a birthday at, as they have party rooms. With that said, I recommend this place and I'd definitely come back.
3 $12 is not a bad deal for a round of mini golf and laser tag. What brings down my review is the fact that the area is so small. I understand. I am a grown ass man trying to traverse a play area meant for kids. I don't need to be reminded of that. What I do resent is that I cannot get my Barney Stinson on and lay the smack down on some kids.   The mini golf course is surprisingly fun. All of the cannons and tracks add an element of wonder.
4 Amaze-balls!!! I was here 2x's in one week (I mean it was blistering hot out, so what else can one do?).  Both times it was all about the putt-putt!! First of all, because I am a major cheese-ball, I must say I LOVE the name of this place.  Now onto serious business---the course. I purposefully wore whacky colored clothes  on my second visit, for the black light experience! So much fun! Hole 16 (where you shoot the ball out of a gun) is my favorite....no, the one where it looks like the ball comes out of an Elmo's butt...was kinda fun.  Small place, but potential for some good laughs (if you don't take yourself too seriously). After all this is miniature golf folks. Did I mention I sunk the 18th hole/Plink-o and won a free round!!?? Oh yeaya!
1 Celebrated my son's birthday and we weren't all pleased INCLUDING THE BIRTHDAY BOY!  1st off when arriving there shortly before 6:30p, which my room was booked for 6:30p-8:15p, the room wasn't ready.  Felt like we were being rushed the entire time!  The food was a joke!!  When we ordered fries and tater tots it took nearly 20-30 minutes and the portion wasn't worth the price.  When we addressed our challenges, the young boy sarcastically replied back "so you missed perhaps 10-15 min when you arrived since your saying the room wasn't available at 6:30".... for that we'll remove one of the chicken wings from your bill.  WHOOPEEE!  Oh and while this was going on my son, the birthday boy came and said he played one of the games and it landed on 1000 and when we asked the guy to swipe to verify since there's no tickets that comes out of the machine, the guy said only 10 showed on the card.  I walked over to look at the machine it said 1000.... my son's friend also stated he saw it land on 1000, you think any of them cared????  This place is a real joke!!  Including the young boy who had to play the role of a manager because the manager who was standing right next to him didn't even want to come and resolve the situation even in spite when my man asked the young kid to bring over the manager!!!  I guess we basically DONATED our funds there maybe they can use our donation to better improve the food and staff!  VERY DISAPPOINTED WILL NEVER GO BACK NOR REFER THIS PLACE!!  SAD PART IS MY SON DIDN'T ENJOY HIS BIRTHDAY... HIS WORDS... "ROOM WASN'T READY WHEN WE GOT THERE AND THE MAN DIDN'T BELIEVE I WON 1000 CREDITS" that BROKE MY HEART!
4 I would give 4 stars for laser tag and prob 3 for golf. I didn't do the golf but walked through it. It is inside golf and all neon.  I prefer outdoor miniature golf. Now the laser tag was fun. Pretty big arena and cool music. 12 bucks for two games. Not bad.
5 King Putt is the best time in Vegas! The mini golf course is creative, innovative, and a fun time for all ages. Laser tag becomes addictive, you won't want to stop. The staff was very nice and helped with whatever we needed and made delicious food (pizza and homemade ice cream sandwiches!). I can't wait to go back again! I wouldn't go anywhere else for mini golf/laser tag, shooooottt.
5 This place is awesome! the staff is very polite and works hard.  The mini golf has a canon!! crazy! and not to mention their laser tag is much better than the ones ive been to in Vegas
2 Our team at work came to King Putt to celebrate our boss' birthday.  We were looking for a place with multiple options for the adults and kids.  His fiance decided on this spot.    This location is set in a pretty busy spot in Green Valley.  There's a bunch of restaurants, grocery stores, gyms and activities for the whole family.  King Putt is a bit hard to find, if you don't know to make a turn into the hidden shopping center.  When you walk in, there's an arcade on the right side for the kids, a restaurant area on the left and the ordering/host counter in the middle.  You basically approach the counter for food, drinks, reloading arcade cards, buying laser tag games or miniature golf games.  There's even a back room for bigger private parties.    For lunch we got a couple of pizza and beer (yup, they've got beer!).  The pizza was big enough for a few of us to share.  They had a bunch of beers and other beverages to choose from and surprisingly, everything was cheap!  For the 18-hole miniature golf, they charge $8.50 and laser tag is $7.00, however this location has a special!  $12 gets you both!  Great deal.  The miniature golf is cool!  All holes are challenging and fun at the same time!  There's even a hole where you launch the ball through a cannon!  The neon black lights makes for a very psychedelic experience.  The reason for my low rating is the laser tag.  The game itself was super fun and really made for an exhilarating and competitive experience, however, the attendant who supervised us was far from welcoming.   When we were being debriefed about the game, she came across as a very non-humble and also bitchy person.  Some of us made a little joke about the game and she got super uptight about the whole thing.  She's a young girl, stocky built with brunette almost dirty blonde hair.  Let me tell you, she is not cool at all.  I was super turned off by her attitude.  Someone really needs to address that.   Aside from this attendant, it was an ok day!  I thought the rest of the staff was nice, accommodating and fun.  I don't necessarily think I would be back, unless for another similar type occasion.  Thanks, guys (minus Ms. Laser Tag).
4 I would give this place 4 stars for the kids, but adults alone this would not be worth the visit.  I took my 6 year old son to play Miniature Golf, and Laser Tag.  It's cheaper to buy for both at the same time.  $12 per person gets you a full round of golf and Laser Tag which saves you about 2-3 bucks compared to buying them separately.  First we golfed.  The miniature golf is fun for kids, but not much for adults.  They have a few neat tricks along the course, like balls that shoot up through tubes and go through some loop tracks before falling out somewhere near the hole.  It's all in blacklight so of course kids like that too.  It's nothing at all compared to the outdoor miniature golf course we used to have in Las Vegas (Scandia), but it's still fun for kids.  Took us about 45 minutes to go through the whole course, but that included playing several holes multiple times while we waited for a family in front of us to move onto the next hole.  Next we played laser tag.  A nice young girl explained the rules (no running, 2 hands on the gun, the scoring system etc).  We got suited up and headed into the arena.  The arena isn't all that big, has a few ramps to go up to higher levels, and some windows and mirrors.  Apparently there are some targets in the middle of the course worth more points, and you get points from shooting the enemy base, but to me it was not clear at all what we were supposed to be shooting to get those points.  I was shooting them all over, but no indication if I was scoring anything from it.  So it ended up just being a shoot the other team game, which is fine.  The gun and vest does a good job of letting you know if you shot someone or got shot.  Get shot and the vest turns off for 3 seconds.  I wish the vest would go completely out though, this way the other team doesn't just wait for your vest to turn back on and shoot you as soon as it does.  You need to be given a chance to move away in the darkness without anyone knowing what team you are.  My son had a blast, and actually I had fun too, but I think most of my fun was in seeing the fun my son was having and trying to coordinate some level of teamwork with him.  The joy I had hearing my 6 year old bark out orders, or tell me he was going to cover me..lol.  Those are the reasons us parents do this type of thing.  It was a lot of fun having a father/son day at King Putt, and I would bring him back for another round.  BTW, you can view scores at the end and see how you did.  On our team of 10, I got the most points, and my boy got the 5th most, so we did pretty well.  They have a food area and you can do parties here also.
4 I visited this place 2 times. The first time was to play laser tag. That was incredibly fun, and the arena was very original.  The second time I did the Mini golf. The Egyptian themed mini golf was a good price and a lot of fun. My 2 big complaints is that one or two of the holes had mechanical malfunctions. Other than that it was pretty fun and cool!  Heads up- Mini golf is all black lights. If you wear white, you will glow like a glowworm.
5 I'm giving this place five stars, Solely based on my 7 year old daughter's liking.  After we did a round of mini golf and laser tag, just her and I.  We get done... I'm pooped from running around and her beating me at all games! We walk back to the car and she says in a loss of breathe voice, " mom I really had the best time there!!!"     She loved it, I kinda did too. But, it looked like all the kids there loved it. So being that the kids love it. Why not!
5 Oh my goodness...I haven't been to a mini-golf course for more than 10+ years.  Decided to change up our date ideas and he planned a night of black light mini-golf. I had soooo much fun!!!! =)  There are 17 holes in total...well...18 to be exact but with the last one, you just hit the  ball into this house and it goes up this little contraption and you get to see your ball go on a mini roller coaster ride. Then it drops into this pinball type thing and watch it go into one of the holes...make sure you wave your golf ball goodbye.  If you're lucky like my special someone, he got a voucher for one free round of mini golf during his next visit. Apparently his golf ball went into the "prize winning hole." I just said bye to my golf ball and I didn't get anything special in return. =(  I really enjoyed having black lights placed in all the rooms. They have an Egyptian theme going on here.  Also, there are a few rounds that have special effects. You launch your ball into a cannon, you launch your ball into this contraption and it swings around....it's great. For ADD minds like myself....this 3 second random moment catches you off guard and you're like....easily amused!! =D LOL!!!  I had such a fun night. Mini golfing is perfect for both adults and children. Props to my special someone for planning such a great date night!
4 So far I have only played mini golf twice with my 6 year old.  The glow in the dark course more than makes up for being indoor. This is the desert who wants to play outdoor in july?. Can handle large size parties and welcome s walk ons. Ample parking , food is what you would expect. Staff is friendly. I would have given them 5 stars however it's a bit pricey if you want to come regularly
