4 This is a good hobby shop. They have a huge selection of remote control everything. Helicopters, planes, jets, trucks, etc. They also have a good selection of other hobby items as well. Such as, some Duncan yo-yo models that I have never seen before, good selection of Gala kites as well as other kites. They have a good variety of models and model accessories. This place has everything a hobby shop should have. They also have a dirt track outside in the parking lot that you can race your remote control cars on. It's pretty big with jumps and all the bells and whistles. I have never participated in this but if your into that kinda stuff, well then I'm sure you already know bout this place and typing of it is moot.
1 Seems as the most recent review is about the same experience I had. Sent my wife in and she was treated very rude sent my sons truck in to get fixed five days later no call no show and was to put in a part the sold us that DIDNT fit! So she tried to return the part THEY sold and guess what GRUMPY RUDE UNPROFESSIONAL employee says "cant help you ma'am" and because the box was open and when I was sold the part they HAD to open to see it before they sold it to me!! WHAT A JOKE STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE DONT MAKE A BUSINESS MONEY WHO DOESNT VALUE CUSTOMER SERVICE! Hope they read these and can make some changes!!!!
4 This wasn't the only hobby shop we visited, but this one had the biggest booty. 8 models and a bag full of airbrush paraphernalia later, Mr. B came sneaking back out to the car. Sounds even more crazy since we happened to be on vacation in Phoenix. But I guess there are more hobby shops here in Phoenix than in Corona.  With better stuff. Thank goodness we are old people and have plenty of room in our car.  Sigh. Anything to make my retired Mr. B happy and keep him in his Man Cave.
1 As an old SRS dirt track racer I was glad to see that they became a hobbytown. I was looking forward to the bigger inventory. Now that my son is old enough and is getting into drift cars I was looking forward enjoying this hobby with him. After our first couple trips to the store I guess we are stuck buying everything online. I like supporting local businesses, especially ones I've spent a lot of time with in the past.. The customer service was HORRIBLE, they didn't want to spend anytime with us. We are new to  drift cars and need someone with knowledge to set us in the right direction. It seemed like we were a BIG inconvenience to them. I will only go back for screws and nuts..
5 SRS has a great atmosphere for beginning hobby enthusiasts of all categories. Beginning racer? New to airplanes or quadcopters? Hobby town has a great selection and friendly customer service to go along with it all!
