5 I've been seeing Laura here for about 4 years now, ever since I first went to her to rescue me from the worst haircut of my life.  I've never been one to get my hair cut on a regular basis but now, because of Laura, I see her every 7-8 weeks and my hair is longer and healthier than it's ever been in my adult life.  She ALWAYS asks before cutting off any significant length. She truly cares that her clients are happy and she's very open and honest with her opinion. We've played around with a lot of different color and there isn't anything she has done that I HAVEN'T loved.  Can I possibly get any MORE glowing in this review? Yeah, Laura is THAT fantastic.
5 Holly Frakes is great at coloring and styling. I met her years ago when she started cutting my son and husband's hair, when she moved to JcPenney I tried it out and wow, I love my hair color and style.  She is so friendly and creative but she will take her time with you and let you go at your pace. She doesn't oversell you but comes with quality suggestions that will work with your hair and your lifestyle. I told her I don't like having a hair style that requires alot of work, she knew what I meant and gave me what I could handle.   JcPenney  Salon is nice and clean and the girls up front are always in a good mood and having fun at work. They give you coupons for services and if you use your JcPenney card you will receive deals in the mail for services like free deep conditioning. Refer a friend and you get a thank you deal as well.
5 Holly is the best. I finally found my hair stylist in vegas. The first time she did my hair she did a great job fixing my hair cut, and today she did my haircut and highlights, and i loved it !. The salon is clean, everyone is friendly and the front desk  lady  is helpful and professional. One of my favorites things is that you get a short interview of what you want, and what it would work for you, and before she starts doing your hair , she will tell you the exactly price  and what she is doing to you. I can't wait to go to my next appointment and see what holly propose for my hair. Also a plus for me is they have really good prices and they show it to you in their menu.
5 Holly is the best! I have lived in Las Vegas for 20 years and never found someone I could make "my stylist". I have never returned to the same person until I found Holly! Her personality is amazing and always will keep you laughing and enjoying your time here.  Her knowledge and recommendations are always right on and priced right. I highly recommend you calling her and making her your girl!
5 I started going there because I didn't have any where else to go and they could get me in.  I got Holly who is an expert on color and great with cuts too.  She works with what you want and is also easy to make a change and she doesn't get offended.  Great salon, great prices and exceptional stylist!
5 Holly is the only person that I will go to there now.  I found her by accident after getting a Chi treatment from another stylist.  She does my entire families hair from my moms on down to my 3 kids and we all love her.  She is truly amazing at what she does and knows what's best for each person.  She is always honest and only up sells you what your hair is capable of doing.  If a certain style won't work for you she will suggest other variations that might.  She is amazingly skilled with colors, taking me from jet black to beautiful different tones of blonde over time.   She's truly the only reason my whole family even comes there.
5 I am often very nervous about visiting a new salon, I've been doing my own (ethnic) hair for many years. I worked in this area, and heard a lot of buzz about a fabulous stylist named Holly. I consulted with her and booked an appointment, she did an outstanding job! I even brought my son back for a kid cut! The girl's got skills and a great personality to match. I have recommended her to quite a few of my friends, stop by and check her out! :-)
