5 1 Hour for $30 special  This was my 4th foot massage ever and the best I've received to date.  This was my first massage from a dude and I never thought being molested by a man would feel so good.  Similar to the other foot massages, you get a freebie after you buy 9.  If you live on this side of town you should definitely check it out.  Brian is really good - strong hands. I will be getting my free massage in a month and half after I fill my card up
5 Great experience. My fiancé and I did 75 mins for $39 each with a $20 tip from each of us. Sat side by side and they gave us a nice full body massage but focused mainly on the feet.  Only distraction was the Little Caesars pizza place clanging away next door. I would recommend not going during peak pizza time. (Not sure when that is)   Overall, outstanding experience and we'll definitely be back on a regular basis!
2 I actually wrote this review during my massage, that is how boring it was having a lackluster experience.  When I first walked in the place was empty and I waited maybe 3-4 minutes (just about to walkout) when an employee came in behind me who was obviously out for a smoke (smelled like an ash tray).  I was quickly shuttle off to a lounge chair and "set up".  At this point I am ready to relax for my 45 min. reflexology foot massage.  I received a mediocre massage at best.  I requested politely for a hard massage, which I did not receive.  During this time I noticed that you can hear the operations of little Caesar's Pizza kitchen right next door.  If you have ever worked in the food industry you would know how loud the kitchen gets.  I must say the manager over there sounds very nice and seems to treat him employees with good intentions.   About half way though my lame massage the woman giving the massage sneezes on my feet.  I should have gotten up right there and then, and I am now not sure why I didn't.   I give this place 2 stars and not 1 because it is a clean and nice looking place.  It was most likely an "off" day for them but it doesn't change the fact that you feel like you are getting a foot massage in Little Caesar's Kitchen.   I wanted this to be the place for me and my feet but it just isn't.  Sorry guys.
5 I felt so much better after a full body massage! Although some parts weren't pain-free, it was worth dealing with it because there were very tense spots that needed to be relieved. Afterwards, I realized how free I was to move around my arms, neck and back!  This place is dark enough to give a sense of privacy at where you'd be sitting/laying down. No need to undress anything except your shoes and/or socks. When the massage is over, you will be handed a cup of water too.   Every time I visit Vegas, I'd definitely book at least two appointments at this place during my stay. I'd recommend this place to my family and friends.
5 FYI - this is a bit long so if you don't want to read the tedious details, just scroll to the bottom for the bullet points!          My husband and I had been talking about getting a massage together for the longest time and had never gotten around to it - until now. With 2 small children, it's nearly impossible getting away without them, let alone a massage! I had heard from a friend that some of the foot massage parlors offer full body massages at a very affordable price and was excited to try one as I have varying degrees of neck, shoulder and back pain on almost daily basis (due to car accidents in my teens).       I have gotten one other foot massage in my life, years ago, but didn't necessarily have a good experience due to the fact that I am extremely ticklish in my feet! I figured that this time around, since I would be getting a body massage, that I could ask them to not really focus on my feet.      Originally, we were going to go the place that my friend had recommended, but on a whim decided to check out what places were available closer to our home with decent reviews on Yelp. Turned out Happy Foot Massage was 5 minutes from our home and after reading a few of the reviews and seeing a couple pictures that indicated that it was clean and inviting looking - I gave them a call. They were offering a deal of 75 minutes for $39. Their 60 mins is normally $35. SCORE! I had actually called another place across the street that was offering a similar deal, but decided on this one because it was a couple bucks cheaper and they were open later.      We arrived at around 9:20pm and were immediately ushered in. It is Asian owned and is definitely a Reflexology focused establishment. The place is like one large room, with a couple of spaces that are partitioned off for a more private experience, but because the room was dimly lit with soothing music playing in the background, it felt somewhat cozy and comfortable.Even in the dim lighting, I could tell that it had sparse, but tasteful decor and was very clean. I would not have stayed if it was anything otherwise. My husband and I sat next to each other in what looks like huge lazy boys, but with the headrest cut out so that if you were lying face down, it would be a comfortable massage table.       We immediately had our feet placed in hot herbal water for cleansing and detox, reclined back facing up and began our massage. My guy was Stone and hubby's was Brian.  Normally, my hubby wouldn't feel comfortable with having a guy massage him, but since we are completely clothed, it didn't feel akward in the slightest. They literally massaged us from head to toe with good deep pressure. I'm fairly petite at 5'3" and 126lbs, but due to my severe neck and shoulder pain can handle alot of pressure, so although at times it was a little painful - it was a good kind of pain that I need in order to actually feel better.  I was surprised, because even when he worked on my feet, (I had told him that I was very ticklish) he did it in a way that did NOT make me squirm with ticklishness! For once I was actually able to enjoy a foot massage like a normal person! For me that was huge.       My husband's had a few foot massages in the past and said that this was the best one he's had so far. He's a very athletic person and also works on his feet all day, so he constantly needs his feet or muscles massaged. Needless to say, he also knows how to appreciate a good deep pressure massage and felt like it was definitely worth our money and then some! Just remember to wear loose clothing and pants that are easy to roll up.      Sorry for the long review, but because I'm the kind of person that likes more detail when reading a review - I am hoping this was useful info for someone else that is searching for a great body massage at an amazing price.  We're excited that we found a gem so close to home! Here are the main points to sum it up: PROS: 1. Bang for your buck! 75 min for $39!! 2. Quality massage - deep pressure and varying techniques to soothe or really work your areas of trouble. 3. Not just a foot massage, but Full Body reflexology! 4. Clean and tasteful decor with a soothing ambience 5. Pleasant staff - at least the guys we had were - Brian and Stone. CONS: 1. Some of the other reviewers said the business next door created a lot of noise and they were somewhat correct. You do hear loud conversation at times.
4 Just had a wonderful foot and back massage today. This place surpassed my expectations of a foot massage establishment.  I expected to walk into a room with chairs lined up like a nail Salon. Instead it felt like I was at a Spa with dim lights and relaxing music. The reason it wasn't a 5 star was for the same reason another reviewer wrote - loud noise from the other establishment next door. However, I will still go back and ask for Mary.
5 Best Message Ever!   I found this location nearby my house and had never had a foot massage before, but wanted to experience it. The place surpassed my expectations and I will definately go back. In fact, I have to tell all my girlfriends. The place is quiet, tranquil and do it again. The place has ten lounges and is open from 10:00am to 2:00 am. If you are looking for a relasxing and good massage, this is the place to go.
4 I passed by Happy Foot Massage randomly one day which urged me 1) look it up on Yelp 2) pay a visit. I of course didn't want to go alone as I've never been to a reflexology place and hate going to unfamiliar territories by myself. Anyway, I went after a busy work day with two coworkers and my guy. So, the setup was definitely different from what I was used to from massage places--One large room with loungers, separated by wooden dividers. I kind of just rolled with the flow and asked for the special they were offering (75 minute full body massage for $39.00). They sat us each down on our loungers and asked us to take our socks off and proceeded to prepare foot baths for each of us. Initially, I'm not going to lie--The food bath was quite hot initially, but I got used to it. They began by soaking our feet while massaging our faces, heads, scalps, and made their way down. This was the first time I experienced a full body massage with all my clothes on. I was skeptical at first because I didn't think the pressure would be the same with my clothes as a barrier, but I was wrong. The pressure was great. Nice and hard... Just how I like it. NO PUN INTENDED. :)  The only downside to the experience was what other reviewers have stated--the sounds coming from the neighboring Little Caesar's. I probably would've been able to doze off during my massage had it not been for the muffled music and talking heard from next door. Next time I might just bring ear plugs.
5 Excellent business, price is very competitive and service is always top notch. Highly Recommend!
1 being that is was inexpensive was the best part. it was 75 min and felt no better than when i came. alot of  odd "fillers" to eat up time like move this way, move that way, dunk my feet in water and then not even massage my feet, switch towel.....etc....... i recommend massage envy
5 Great find! Hungover and needed some R&R. Decided to give this place a try. So glad I did. 39 bucks got me a 75 minute massage. Best massage I have ever had at a foot spa. I was worried that this tiny woman would not be able to give a massage with the pressure I like. I was very wrong. She used the perfect amount of pressure every time. Visions of the hulk were dancing through my head.   Only setback to this place its the thin walls. Next door was playing classic rock so I had no complaints.
5 Best foot spa ever. A little small so we had to wait but it was so worth it $39 for 75 minutes. The cold eye mask was great too!
5 The best place ever!! Got the 60 minute for 35 and wasn't disappointed at all! Came in feeling like I needed to be relaxed and left ready for bed! Stoked that this place is so close to the house I'll be a frequent customer especially with this stamp card ;)
5 This place is ahhhhhhhh-mazing!!   The 75 minute 39 dollar special worth it!! They really take care of you and it felt so good. And they have a stamp card.   Definitely will be a repeat customer here
5 Tried this place out today! They did a full body massage and surprisingly got all the knots out. It was an amazing deal, and the staff was very friendly. I'm definitely going here again and bringing my boyfriend next time (:
5 My favorite spot! The best massages in town. I never have to wait for the staff to call their back ups. I enjoy Friday nights here with my husband especially when it's dark. After 10 massages you gets free one.
2 I didn't like it. Yes it was cheap but the massage style was too rough for me. I prefer the Swedish from massage envy. Save your money and treat yourself right.
5 I had been frequenting another foot massage while working in Vegas due to the very high reviews on yelp. The ratings are well deserved, but after having been to Best Foot spa, I won't be going back. These guys are great! The location is in a much better neighborhood, very clean inside, very skilled reflexologist. Lucy is awesome! I'll be coming here weekly at the least!!!
