1 If you are traveling to Phoenix and need a reliable car service DO NOT call this company Reservations were made and prepaid for a pick up on Monday May 28th for a flight coming in from Honolulu at 11:59pm to PHX.  I gave the agent the flight information and was assured that the car and driver would be tracking the arrival of the flight and that they would be there to meet my party at the baggage claim as stated in your instructions in the below confirmation email.    My party had to wait for and hour after the stated pick up time.   Driver came at 12:58am.  WTH   I called on Tuesday morning at 8:59 am HST to speak to a manager.  I was directed to Fred.  Fred told me that he could "refund" me by giving me another reservation for a car for my trip.  However,  I told Fred that I did not need a car for the duration of the trip.   My party has other accommodations for transportation.  I would much rather have some sort of compensation.  He said he would look into the  matter and give me a call back.  I waited until my end of day on Tuesday 2:51 pm HST and called your company to find that Fred had left for the day.  I was told to call back the next day which I did.  I made another phone call to resolve this matter ( phone call #3)  at 11:30am HST.  I was told by the receptionist that Fred may or may not be available but if he cannot be reached another supervisor will call me.  It is now 2:49pm HST and no call which is prompt a email in which I was told.  That  my card was never charged and "IF" I wanted to still speak to a supervisor one would call me.  Helooooo!  Of course I want to talk to a supervisor manager whatever........So I say yes have someone call me back  It was my old MIA buddy Fred who called back and he introduces himself again like we never spoke and says "Well he said so...your card was not charged."  So I ask   "Ok great can I get something sent to me saying that I will not be charged now or in the future for my reservation because frankly I am not very confident in your office.  Fred says "No I cannot send you anything because we never did the transaction"  So I say then at least send me an email so I have proof if you screw this up too.    And STILL no I'm so sorry for all the trouble.  Fred needs more managerial or supervisory training seriously!!!
1 Definitely will not call this place again. 2nd time I have called and reserved a ride 3 hours early and the cab is a no show.
1 This is the most absolute terrible cab company. They are rude, insensitive, and they do not know how to plan ahead. My friends and I called ahead to reserve a van to take us out, and they told us that the van would be here at a certain time. They said the van would pick us up at 11:45pm, and we were waiting outside for the van for 30 minutes. I call the company and ask to speak to a manager because it was unacceptable to have my group waiting. I asked if we could receive any sort of discount and the manager told me rudely that it would have to be up to the driver. We then decide to get two taxis to make it quicker. Luckily the cab driver was a very nice lady who I will continue to use from now on, who gave us a discount for our troubles. I was highly disappointed with AAA Sedan Service because the workers are unprofessional, rude, and inconsiderate. The manager was also very impolite over the phone and I will never use them again.
