5 Wow. What a difference.   This pub, in my opinion, used to be a raggedy, dirty, scary, oldman pub, with a constant screening of footy and rugby. This week, I have seen with my very own eyes that this place has transformed.   The beers on tap are fab, the bar is spacious, the seating is cool, and the place feels airy. They have beautiful light colours around the rooms with posh hard wood floors. The seating is interesting too, with old school chairs used at the tables. Oh! and the music playlist is really good!  There are all sorts of quirky/cool designs around the bar. For instance, I love the doors to the bathrooms, they look like front doors with glossy bold colours, and unique knockers. PLUS the bathrooms are WARM and CLEAN and have those thick disposible paper towels that feel really nice. How posh.   The menu also looked good and smelt nice. The prices are average, about 7-12 pounds for a main, but it seems as though the quality is very good. I will have to try soon.   Recommend to check this place out before or after a movie date at the cinema across the road.
3 The Fountain is a different bar to the previous incarnation. Once the home of lager drinking, pool playing, football fans and older men with little better to do The Fountain has had a facelift. The tvs and pool table are gone, replaced with space to dine (the menu features the pub classics, with prices on the mid to upper point for a bar menu) this place really is a case of out with the old and in with the new.  However it isn't there yet, to dissuade the former regulars The Fountain isn't cheap, but that also limits the appeal to the student crowd. It is in a prime location, right opposite the fountain park complex yet I'm not sure how much it will benefit from this and you still likely won't want to sit outside for long (even in the rare scottish sun) as the seating is beside a main road.  The beer I had was fine and there is a decent selection of spirits, yet I'm just not sure I would want to make The Fountain my regular. In the drive to separate the bar from the previous pub incarnation, it feels hollow which is a shame because that is more or less exactly how I feel about its closest competition. Where? The Caley Sample Room, in fact I could likely have done this in a single line. If you like the Caley then The Fountain will likely appeal as it has a very similar vibe, personally I am a bit indifferent.  So an A-OK from me I will happily return but would be unlikely to make The Fountain my first choice.
5 One rainy Sunday, when we should have been enjoying some outdoor cinema (but were being too sensible to sit outside in the downpour!), we found ourselves meeting at The Fountain for a girly blether...and what a great spot for such a meet up!  This newish, bright, spacious restaurant / bar had so many lovely, quirky features on the go I spent the first 15 minutes looking all around like a child in a toy shop...  ...the coat hooks were made out of taps, there were door knockers on the bathroom doors, cutlery holders made out of Golden Syrup pots, bathrooms that were delightfully shabby chic (with extremely nice hand wash and lotion), delicious chips served in terracotta flower pots, unusual glass tea cups without handles, a toy box for the kids, chunky wooden tables with mismatched furniture (I love mismatched furniture!), big fireplace up the back and Blue Moon beer on tap!  The staff were chatty, attentive and enthusiastic, the bar had a great selection of beers and wines and the menu looked AMAZING! (if our chips were anything to go by, the food will be delicious!)  We will definitely be back for a girly dinner night, and to raise a glass in a toast to the fabulous newest addition to the Fountain Park area!
5 I don't want to tell anyone about this place. But I do, because it's wonderful. But I don't, because it's wonderful and I want it to be all mine.  It's no where near close enough to my flat to be a local, but I want it to be my local. Out in Fountainbridge, opposite the cinema complex in a slightly derelict / forlorn part of town the redone Fountain, on its own, has managed to completely reinvigorate the area.  It still has that fresh paint smell. The staff are excited and friendly. The bar is well stocked. The food looks goooooood. They proudly and warmly welcome children and dogs. (The latter of which I saw, the former none.) They do Sunday dinners, they do gastropub food, they have lots of different beers including Glasgow Brewery West, loads of different spirits.  It's a really big bar, with both ample space at the bar with seats in that area, then a seperate seated area just up the back. Loads and loadsa room basically.   So yeah. Once I get a bike (which I will be very soon) I will be frequenting the Fountain...frequently? Damnit, my excitement at how awesome this place is has left me lost for words (no easy task). It has everything you could want in a nice, modern yet still traditional bar as a local: welcoming, warm, good vibe, other customers seem awesome, staff friendly, food, drink. Yeah, it's just....really, really, ridiculously good.
5 Love this place, my new local! Cracking food, staff and vibe! Brilliant addition
4 i saw that this place had opened a few weeks ago and looked very different from the previous dodgy looking old man's pub that had been there.  i was keen to try it, but living in leith i'm not very often in the area.  luckily a group of lovely yelpers met here before going to see anna karenina (which was an AMAZING movie!!) for a drink and some food. i really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars, but i can't seem to do that.  the refurbishment and the decor has made this a really cool looking place!  i really liked the bar stools that were fairly comfy to perch on while i sipped a G&T waiting for someone else to show up.  the interior has been laid out nicely with lots of tables and places to sit near the bar and a mid sized area off to the side with more tables if you want to be farther away from the main bar area. the food menu was small but i thought there were a lot of nice options and they had a specials menu as well.  i wish i had gone with my initial want and ordered the fish and chips instead of the feta and tomato salad i ended up having.  i feel like gastro-pubs are made to do fish and chips well, but salads not so much.  while it was a perfectly pleasant salad and a very good size for a starter portion i found it a bit boring and there wasn't much taste to the dressing.  the bread i got on the side though was nicely toasted and very fresh, so that was a definite plus. one of the other girls very smartly ordered a portion of chips which came in a cute flower pot and looked just lovely!  next time that will be what i'm getting or one of the delicious smelling pies that a girl at the table next to us was eating when we got up to leave. my last point is the waiting staff.... they appeared to be a mix of friendly and not very interested in being helpful.  the girl that served me at the bar was very friendly and helpful when i asked if there had been a booking made and when i found out there hadn't she offered to get me a drink at the bar and if needed a table for the party i was waiting on.  the waitress who served our table seemed to be either bored of her job or annoyed by the fact that she had to serve a group that was busy chatting to each other so maybe not as quick to order as she would have liked.  however, our food was brought to our table quickly and when the bill was requested it appeared moments later, so still good service. feeling a bit mixed about this bar as i really wanted to like it but felt my salad was a bit tasteless and i wasn't overly enthused by all the waiting staff.  however, i'd happily go back to order a main course and give it another try.
3 I had pretty high hopes for The Fountain.  I've heard people raving about the quality of the food, the selection of beers and the excellent revamp given to a once scrummy pub.  I can get on board with the revamp.  I never frequented The Fountain in its previous incarnation, but a coworker tells me it used to be nicknamed Vietnam.  That says enough.  The paint job, the super cool old light bulbs, the general decoration of this place is pretty sweet.  I imagine that coming here on a week night or weekend during the day would give me an even better impression of the place, but unfortunately my first visit here was for dinner on a Friday night, which proved to be a less than stellar experience.  In food terms - I opted for the fish and chips which was well cooked but had to be drenched in various sauces to give it any flavour as the batter was quite bland.  I'd heard people raving about the chips which were also nice but indeed, just about exactly how I make chips at home so again nothing I'm going to write home about.  The portion was huge however, so it was good value for money.  Other members of my party enjoyed their meals though we had a bit of confusion with the kitchen which informed our waitress that the veggie haggis parcels had only haggis in them, which wasn't actually the case, resulting in the meal being sent back.    Flip side to that was the fact that the manager/chef devised a special vegan meal for the vegan in our party.  The meal was raved about and it was especially appreciated as many places will just give the vegan a salad.    Our waitress was incredibly friendly and lovely as well, and she handled quite a few tables like a pro.  The drinks - first of all, the beer menu had no prices on it.  As a result I ended up ordering one beer at £5 and two at just about £4.  These weren't high percentage beers, just expensive ones.  The £4 beers usually cost me £2.50 at Montpelliers which is not exactly a bar known for inexpensive pricing, so I have no idea why The Fountain had to charge so much for them.  Sure I could have asked the price and had the waitress running back and forth, or they could just publish the prices?  I was also not terribly impressed with the fact that our table eventually just stopped being served.  We never received extra water, we had to flag someone down to get a cheese plate, and there was no danger of getting anyone to bring any more drinks.  Considering our bill came to nearly £200 for one course with three rounds of drinks and cheese, I was rather surprised at the ultimate lack of service.    The verdict - I don't see myself returning in a hurry.
3 Every now and again a place comes along carrying a whole load of hype with very little delivery. For me The Fountain is the latest to play this ruse. I was never sure where the initial positive word of mouth had come from given its former incarnation as a dodgy Fountainbridge old man's boozer. Suddenly the word on the street was get to The Fountain; the newest, coolest bar in town.  Eh.... I have to say I ain't sold on it.  I've now drank there 4 or 5 times, and eaten 3. I think it looks cool with its vintage décor and quirky items here and there. But is that all it takes for the hyperbole machine to churn these days?  The staff are fine, not pleasant but not unpleasant. But if I'm honest, they're a bit too laid back behind the bar given how busy they can be, most of them coming across as too cool for school, which sadly I doubt is the case.  The bar itself is a weird collection of ex-locals, students, professionals and piss-heads. A very weird assortment of folk who have clearly heard the same hype everyone else has. It also seems to get very crammed when busy, the tables and chairs arrangement not leaving much in the way of standing room.  On the restaurant side of things, I'm disappointed. As said I've eaten here 3 times. Each time I've been excited by a dish on the menu only to be left indifferent by the finished article. My last visit saw me order the Confit Duck Leg on Braised Red Cabbage with a Raspberry Compote on the side. On paper this sounds tremendous and very much worth its £15 price tag. Sadly not. Sadly it again appears The Fountain has believed its own hype and created a menu of average, over-priced meals.  I'm not saying the meal was bad. But the duck was dry enough for me to argue the rationale of the asking price. This was not a one off. The same night, Jennie had the Pork special, wrapped in Pancetta with blah blah blah, something very trendy on the side. £14 face value. In truth worth £7-8.  My previous two meals here were a similar story but less complaint-inducing as they were not from the over-priced specials board.  I won't eat here again for a while. If they change kitchen staff or lower the prices, somebody please let me know. They would be worthy of the hype if said hype included more reasonable pricing or extraordinary cuisine.
4 I was meeting people here tonight and honestly thought this would be just another regular pub, and I also wasn't too sure of the area it's in. I was so happily and pleasantly surprised to enter this warm, cosy pub and to see how nice it is inside! When I reached the bar to decide on a drink, I was blown away. All too often recently the pubs I have visited have had Strongbow as their only cider option on tap -- not my favorite -- so I usually try to find something else... like Strawberry Lime Recordelig cider in a bottle. But here at the Fountain they had a surprise in store for me: they actually had my favorite Recordelig on tap! Now I have never seen it on tap before, so this was perfect and I had to get it. I even had a good backup option because they had Aspall cider on tap, too. Another great choice! The food here also looked really good, and I'd definitely be up for some next time.   I really liked the laid back atmosphere here, and the cosy environment. The staff could be a little bit more warm and friendly to match the environment, but overall things were great and I'd definitely come back if in the area!  P.S. Bring cash since they told us that our bill would have a 50p surcharge if we used a card for our £7.50 bill.
4 Rustic and trendy Friends, cheers, and plenty of beers  Gastronomical
3 The Fountain has become my regular pre / post cinema stop. When I first encountered it, I was enamoured. In this out-of-town spot, with the Fountainpark Complex of chains, and not much else, I was inspired to find such a modern, freshly-painted gastropub serving really nice food in such homely bar.   I've been here quite regularly, mainly when going on a Yelp Movie Night Out with other Yelpers, but also for dinner with friends, and I have to say that whilst I do still like it a lot, it's maybe no longer love.  The staff are friendly, but I find the service a little patchy. I waited for 10 minutes at the bar to ask for more water. A girl could see me standing with the empty water bottle, and I did once or twice ask her 'excuse me' as she was waiting for her colleague to ring something through the till (so she was standing doing nothing waiting to process an order) as I did think asking for a fresh bottle of water that I could see in the fridge wouldn't be an inconvenience...and she just ignored me. It does make you feel stupid to politely call out "excuse me" serveral times across a relatively quiet bar to get nothing back. Blanked. The shame.  I was most disappointed, though, in my most recent meal here. I had the scallops, as I love scallops, in the cauliflour sauce. Now. When I saw this on the menu I thought "hmm cauliflour sauce. That doesnt sound too tasty but hopefully it won't be much, it'll just be on the side, and I can ignore it." But now, a huge plate of the sauce came with three scallops in the middle. The scallops were cooked really nicely, but the sauce was just...not nice. It wasn't foul or inedible. And maybe it's just a taste thing. But first off, I don't think cauliflour is well paired with fish, unless it was in a creamy sauce (the sauce wasn't creamy). And cauliflour isn't exactly the best-loved vegetable of our nation. It's going out on a limb to do something so unusual, and unless you know you're doing it well with lots of great taste-test feedback, why do it? I really didn't enjoy the sauce.  I do still like it here, and would happily stop in for a drink and maybe some chips. It'll still probalby be the pre-cinema spot for a drink. But given it's out-of-town location it's not good enough to make me trek over town to get here, there isn't that "Cheers"-vibe of super friendly staff where people want to get to know your name at least, and the food was patchy. And given that there are so many other nice bars in Edinburgh, serving great food, it maybe needs to up its game a little?
3 I was quite curious to see how The Fountain would be transformed. It had been a bit of an old man pub with a dodgy reputation, so when I passed and it had been finished and looked female friendly, I was tempted to venture in.  After several thwarted attempts at going, finally I managed to check it out last week after the Yelp cinema trip. The reviews in that time had went from great to being just a bit ok so I wasn't sure what I'd face. Plus I'm gluten free and pub's are not usually the best places for lots of choice on the menu.   After munching my way through a bag of popcorn, I was hungry for some 'normal' food but not main course ready. I decided to go for a starter and a side (chips). The normal chips were off limits as they are fried in oil which may be contaminated with other wheat products - that's fine and I appreciated the heads up. But then a glimmer of hope - special handmade, hand cooked chips which came with the steak would be prepared differently and therefore suitable for Coeliac me. And then not. Yes, they were suitable, but they only had enough to cover the steak so no chips for me. Mmmm. It's chips, they are easy to prep and I would wait for them so why not offer this option? Also, by this point it is about 9pm so how many more steaks were they likely to sell on a Wednesday night? I had ordered a salad but the other sides  were not appetising - mash and salad, no thanks. More healthy veggies - nope, it was chips on my mind.   So, its 3 stars so far - its not a cheap place to grab a post cinema nosh but the bar has been done up well and it's pretty nice. My Greek salad was good - lots of crumbly, salty feta with yummy, perfectly ripe tomatoes and for a 'starter' plate was good value (£4.75) for it's size. Service was a bit hit and miss - and I wasn't wowed by the options for grabbing a lite bites.
4 When this place was first opened, I wrote it off... It seemed a little bland at first, despite a nice blue paintjob....and the crowd just was generally older... Not really my scene.  Then, some fellow Yelpers had a meetup here prior to a movie at Fountain Park and I was pleasantly surprised to see that this set-up was pretty decent. I have since returned numerous times and it's unexpected favourite.  Drinks can be a little above average price but affordable, I think the Fountain's best feature is the ambiance. If you have had a long day and you'd like to unwind with a nice cold drink, this is the place to be. A very nice place where there isn't insanely loud music and you can actually talk. It also doubles as a great place to hang out prior to movies.  On to the food, I LOVE their fries... So big and crispy and it comes in a pot... My friends are a fan of its fruit ciders. For me, I always go for their ginger beer.
2 Firstly cannot fault the food! I had fish and chips and was amazing! The chips were some of the best ive tasted, and the fish was lovely the batter was nice and cripsy!   The staff however, made me feel like I was almost putting them at an inconvenience by being there! No acknowledgement on walking in even though the lady behind the bar made eye contact, just looked at me for a minute then said hello! great customer service there!   Overall tasty food but the service being so poor will keep me from returning which is a shame!
4 The Fountain Bar has become by venue of choice for pre cinema dining these days. Fountain Park is full of restaurants but these do seem to be more family orientated which is why it's nice to go somewhere more grown up for something to eat.   From what I'm told this place used to be typical 'old man' pub. You wouldn't think it now looking at the décor. Inside has an almost nautical theme with sailing pictures on the walls and miscellaneous old fashioned bottles on the shelves. There is a lot of light wood, brass and leather and also a cast iron fire that they sometimes have on in the winter. Whilst there is a separate dining and bar area they also seating available outside, but the road outside is pretty busy so it's not really an appealing option unless you smoke.   The menu changes daily, but there is a definite swing towards seafood in their food choices. It's quite nice to get such lovely seafood outside of Leith for a change. The variety I've seen in the sauces they serve their mussels with is pretty awe inspiring. A red pesto sauce and mussels? Yum!  The Haddock and chips are also a firm favourite of mine. The light crispy batter on the fish and the chunky chips are superb though slightly pricey for a pub meal at £10. The problem with this being across the road from the cinema is that I've never had dessert here.  The prospect of Ben and Jerrys or popcorn has always stopped me from having some. To be honest I don't see this changing anytime soon. Popcorn is one of the joys of going to see a movie.   If you need a place to eat before the cinema and would rather die than eat at Pizza Hut it's well worth checking this place out.
4 The Fountain is on completely the wrong side of town for me. Even though it's next to Cineworld, Edinburgh has at least four cinemas that are more convenient if you're coming from Leith. In fact, it's so out of my usual home turf that I actually got lost on my way across town and was 30 minutes late.*  Will any of these things stop me coming here again? Will they hell!  For a start, this is fundamentally a great pub. Really nicely done out, with old-fashioned wooden floors, stylish decor and lovely big, bright windows. The selection of drinks is also good and includes a decent range of bottled craft beers.  But the food is what will really stuck with me (in a good way). It's classic gastro-pub stuff, but done with such care that it still manages to surprise. The pepper squid, for example, isn't your standard frozen pre-cut quid rings - it's done in strips, fresh (I think) and includes the tasty tentacles**. The lamb on a giant Yorkshire pudding - another gastro-pub staple - was also excellent, with an obviously home-made yorkie and tender, flavoursome lamb in a rich gravy.  The beef pie seems to be The Fountain's standout dish though. The pastry's as good as you'd expect, but the filling (even though I'd been pre-warned) really did knock my socks off. You get a lot of beef, for a start, and I don't think they use a prissy lean steak cut, as some pubs do. The gelatinous, sweet, melting chunks of meat suggest a long, slow cook. The gravy too has a lot going on; spices and fruit, mixed with caramelised onion and marrow-y meat juices. Together, it's a real sensation and you'll want to savour every mouthful.  In short then, I'll be watching a lot of IMAX films in future, simply for an excuse to shlep across town and have my tea here.  * I was also verbally abused by a van driver on my way over, although I was striding through a thunderstorm dressed like Malibu Ken at the time. I mention this only for context - it wasn't The Fountain's fault.  ** Always a good sign. A) Restaurants shouldn't assume their customers are so squeamish and B) It usually means the squid was whole at some point in its recent past.
3 I was here recently for a Yelp Elite Event and was bowled over by the pie we were served so much that I insisted my partner and I go here for an impromptu sunday lunch.  I called in advance to make sure we could get a table and were assured that we could. The place was dead when we arrived (1pm on a sunday I expected it to be heaving!). Anyway the service was pretty good, although we didn't really order much. After perusing the menu it was a case of 2 cokes and 2 pies please :)   The pies were huge and served with Chive mash. First off the mash was D-licious! I really enjoyed it. The pies were very large in size although not so consistent. Whilst we had the same size dishes I lucked out completely. My boyfriends pie had lots of puff pastry on top (which I love btw) whilst mine was miserly. In terms of the contents, his had lots of meat and a thick rich gravy whilst mine had little meat and the majority a thin gravy. I was upset at this as the pie we had at the Yelp event was thick, rich and packed full of filling. It had a creaminess to it that the one I had on Sunday failed to resemble. I'm hoping the pie I received was a one off. My partners looked nice and he enjoyed it hence the 3 star review.   I was spying what other tables were receiving and I think we'll be back here if we're this side of town again as it all looked well presented. I don't think I'll be making a specific trip in again though :-S
3 After a few more visits post Yelp event - I found that the atmosphere wasn't all that.  I also felt the service was lacking attention and efficiency.  It was a little disappointing to experience this as I was so willing to like it and it just fell flat.   The chairs are little to hard and uncomfortable. The sofas too low. The wifi keeps dropping and the sought cosiness was missing on more than just one occasion.   I can't put my finger on it and I am generally able to relax and find comfort in the weirdest of places, but here I just couldn't 'put my feet up'.  I still prefer this over the McGowan's across the road, but only just.
5 It's a five star review: this place has what it takes to knock it out the park and I hope they meet your expectations of a swanky gastropub if you should pay them a visit. Some of the beers are a little pricey, but supply and demand is what it is and I'm only referring to some of the bottled offerings there. On tap is a good range and you won't go thirsty.  A lot of new student accommodation has recently opened up just feet away - the prices may help maintain the ambience and slightly exclusive nature of The Fountain, but only time will tell.  The food is the star of the show though. Pick yourself a beef shin pie and that's what you'll be getting: a whole lotta beef, with a bit of shin in there too (surprisingly heavy is cow bone). No carrot filler, all bovine killer, in a delightful sauce that you can soak up with your mashed potato side.  The battered fish and chips will keep you filled up for days, but beware the starters for they are mighty in their proportions and may prevent you finishing your battered treat.  The staff are generally great too. This place is an asset to all Edinburgh, particularly on this side of town.
4 It was a Sunday. My brother was visiting. What else do you do with family on a Sunday... it was time for Sunday Roast! The Fountain having some good roast reviews here on Yelp, we decided to check it out. Muted sage-teal walls make a fresh but homely atmosphere and we were greeted immediately with swift and bright service. We hadn't booked ahead but we had a drink at the stylish yet cosy bar while a table came free (which was surprisingly quick - less than ten minutes - but we were there at six-ish so quite early).  When we ordered, there was only one pork belly left. (Sunday roast sold out by 6 on a Sunday? Really?) My brother opted instead for the shoulder of lamb. Our food arrived fairly quickly and at first it didn't look like there was very much there, but the vegetables joined us later. The pork was amazing - really juicy and tender - and there was a really well-proportioned Yorkshire pudding. Peas and carrots were served separately and to be honest, I thought the bowl they arrived in was just for one person, until another didn't follow and I realised we were sharing. The peas were great and lots of beetroot but the carrot mash was slightly on the cold side. However, everything tasted delicious.  Because the portions were slightly on the small side, we did decide to have dessert. I say "because the portions were small" but who am I kidding? I almost always have dessert regardless... Anyway, we both ordered the cheesecake and we decided to push the boat out and also get a cheeseboard to share. But alas! There was also only one cheesecake left! My brother, ever the gentleman, once again switched his choice, and plumped for the sticky toffee pudding at the waitress's recommendation.  Good gracious. GOOD GRACIOUS. Such a cheesecake shall I dream about in years to come. It was so good I had to give my brother some to try, and so good that I grieved to part with a forkful when I did so. His pudding was also excellent; sticky toffee pudding can so often come out either stodgy and chewy or loose and partly dissolved. This was neither; sticky toffee perfection. But back to my cheesecake... unfff. The base was crumbly and biscuity and full of flavour. The top was sturdy and creamy without being gelatinous. The berries and compote gracing that heavenly cake were round and piquant. This is definitely the best cheesecake I have ever had in a restaurant, and possibly anywhere.  The cheeseboard was just the right size for two people as a rounding-off course after dessert, with oatcakes and a selection of cheeses including brie, Stilton and cheddar. There was also a small tub of frozen grapes, which I've never encountered before, but which were rather delightful.  Following a coffee for him and a lavender rooibos for me, we toddled over to the cinema across the road. "I think I'm going to need another coffee before the film," my brother confided, trailing off to find one. "Otherwise, sitting in a comfy chair in a warm, dark room can only lead to immediate sleep after a great meal like that." A great meal it sure was.
4 When in Ediburgh, I seem to have found myself in Fountainpark all too often, passing by The Fountain thinking 'Oooh!' Whilst I'd never had the chance to pop in and fulfill my increasing curiosity, I finally seized the opportunity and popped in for lunch when I was next headed for that pretty city.   The Fountain is quaint and quirky. It stands out in the street, calling you in with its large retro typeface sign and bright blue exterior. Upon entering, I couldn't help but drool over the bar with its large selection, including a quirky bright green ladder for climbing. (Yes, the bar is that big that it needs a ladder. Excuse me while I work my way through the gin collection..)   We were given a warm, friendly welcome. Whilst the menu of main meals looked a little pricey for an off the cuff lunch, it looked perfect for a special lunch or dinnertime meal and had a variety of delicious options. I opted for the Leek and Potato soup which was a starter but perfect for a lunchtime meal. It was wholesome and rich, perfectly comforting on a cold winter afternoon. We also got a cheese platter to share which came with a variety of dipping oils and sauces and a generous portion of bread. Lovely!  On a side note, I love quirky little restaurants and cafes and I feel a little sad when the bathroom is left behind with the theme...so the kitsch Fountain ladies room with its wooden cabinet stocked with an eclectic mix of beauty bits and bobs totally made me smile!  All in all, The Fountain was a delicious stop for lunch and as the waitress lit the candles on our table whilst the dark night drew in, I'd no doubt that the ambiance would carry through in to a lovely evening.
4 I have been here for an event and also twice for dinner. It's really excellent. Much better than it was and decidedly less stabby.   Where once you though a wall eyed scabby hearts fan was going to throw a dart at you because you could pronounce EVERY vowel in a word. There is now very comfortable dining and drinking facilities.  The Pies are awesome. My SO said the Veggie Haggis was also great.   Only slight issues. The banoffi pie was a bit mean for £5-6 or whatever it was. Also the beer selection was a bit poor. Sort that out and you get my extra star!
2 Popped in here earlier this evening for a post bowling pint. I'd heard good things about this place but find a few things disappointing. The place has a fairly meager selection of beers. Tons of wine if that's your thing but I prefer a more balanced bar. On top of that my pint of rekorderlig cost me a fiver. unnecessary mark up in my opinion. If that's how they're pricing then i'm happy to be priced out. My desert of distinctly below par, out of a packet, tiny fucking slice, banoffee pie was also totally over priced for what i got at a fiver. No thanks The Fountain.
3 My brother raves about this place so i had to check it out.  I was looking for a decent Sunday Roast so thought this would be an ideal opportunity.  We were seated in the far left corner (as you enter) and were surrounded by screaming kids - my ultimate pet hate when dining out, but in fairness to the venue, not their fault.  Both a la carte and the Sunday specials menu sported a superb range of appetising dishes but we both had our heart set on the roast and opted for the sirloin (£15).  The Fountain has a great range of craft beers on offer, which definitely lends itself to me and a pint of St. Mungos is always appreciated.  Anyway, the dining area had thankfully quietened down by the time our food arrived.  Presentation was a little sloppy and my plate wasn't exactly warm.    Our server didn't ask how we wanted our beef cooked, so i assumed it would come pink.  Sarah's beef was annoyingly pinker than mine, but mine was tender and perfectly pleasant.  The roast potatoes tasted fine, although they weren't particularly crisp on the outside and weren't exactly piping hot.  The red cabbage and carrot/suede mash combo was a particular highlight of a decent Sunday Roast.   Mixed bag here.  For £15, i wasn't blown away but left satisfied.
