4 I visited during the soft opening and opted for pre-theatre, which at only £16.50 for two courses or £19.50 for 3 - including steak - is a good deal. The chips were particularly good, and I enjoyed the steak too (sirloin with pre-theatre, although your server does show you a platter of all the cuts before you order which is a nice touch). Service was good, a little ropey but the restaurant had only opened the day before and they were very friendly, rectifying the mistake with our bill straight away. The decor's trendy and smart too.
4 Formerly Club Ego, more recently The Green Room pool hall, this arm of Hawke & Hunter/Mark Greenaway has now morphed into a steak house with ambitions  the club room downstairs will retain one of the pool tables and, funnily enough, host club nights whilst upstairs sees odd opening hours including dining til 3am on Saturdays when you'll be in the company of a DJ and, according to our waitress, a burlesque dancer  I opted for French Toast with fruit on Sunday past as I was feeling a bit delicate but the full menu (not it seems currently available on Sundays as they close at 6pm) looks interesting and the meat my companions did manage to order was keenly priced and cooked exactly as requested. None of them had any complaints about the food, additional sauces (many home-made and cutely packaged) or the Merlot they had to accompany it all. Early days yet but generally this looks to be a venture with promise.
5 The new home of steak! Bravo!  Was here for steak and shake Thursday, sirloin steak, chips and a milkshake for roughly £12! I had mine with bernaise sauce which comes in a cute pan!  All in all I loved it, great setting and vibe, friendly staff and a well cooked steak! I had mine rare and my dining partner was medium rare! Both were spot on!  The chips are amazing if maybe slightly over salted! I will be back for the proper menu, smoked eel salad has my name on it!  Jd = Very Happy Man
3 I had heard very good things about this place so got really excited when a friend said she was having her birthday meal and we were going for the 'Steak and Shake' Thursday deal.  Let alone say that I had high hopes, particularly as I am a little fussy about my steak.  Surely a place called 'Steak' would meet my expectations. We were quite a big group, maybe 25 people and the tables we had been allocated were at the back of the restaurant.  The staff were very friendly and informed us that it was £14.50 each and that we just needed to get and pay for or drinks at the bar to avoid complications when the bill would arrive. Great.  It's the week before payday, and I am very happy with a nice cheapish meal. 'Steak and Shake' sounds good, great marketing catch phrase.  Unfortunately it only 'sounds' good.  Steak, chips and milkshake are NOT a good combination. We all agreed on that with my table neighbours, even if you get your shake as a dessert as you are too full to appreciate it. Anyway, we placed our orders.  I asked if I could have my steak 'blue' and the waitress seemed fine with that.  Well, you'd expect they are prepared for orders of blue steak in a place called 'Steak', wouldn't you? Service was pretty quick, considering we we such a big group, great job from the waitressing staff I have to say.  However, when my steak arrived, it was rare, not blue.  I said that was not what I had ordered.  Waiter went back, talked to colleague, came back to me.  Something unclear came back to me, I almost felt like it was MY fault.  Hello, 'blue' cannot be confused with 'rare', can it?  They are 2 different words and I was very clear.  If you can't do 'blue' tell me when I place my order!  Anyway, I took the rare steak cos I we were a big group and I didn't want to make too much of a fuss. I like rare steak, it's fine.  So we ate, and the steak was fine and well seasoned. The fries were fine. The bearnaise sauce was nice.  Just. Not. Outstanding.   Talking after the meal, someone suggested the steaks had probably been defrosted that day, as they were not as tender as they could had been.  And to be fair, it would certainly explain the fact they couldn't do blue.  Decent meal overall. But that is not all.  Quite a few people left early, leaving their money  for the meal.  What the restaurant had not told us, is that they had put mineral water on the tables and we were of course being charged for this.  So the remaining few people had to pay extra so the bill would be settled.  Another slight disappointment.   I forgot to mention the decor, a bit too dark and background music sometimes a poor choice and a tad too loud. Steak, you have disappointed me.  I know where to go for steak and chips and it's certainly not you. Sorry.
3 So I cam back for the full menu and was well slightly underwhelmed.  The menu is weird, the stea prices are per 100gms of meat, each steak being 200gms, why not just have the actual bloody price.  2 starters - ok but nothing wow, 2 mains with 3 side dishes - very salty chips... and a bottle of ok red was £80.  Its a lot for what it is.  Overall - do come for their special offers, dont bother with the full menu!
5 it's two days since my dinner at steak and i'm still reliving the meal in my head.  i also wish i was reliving it on the plate, so perhaps i will need to organise a repeat visit soon!!  but first the review...  i've been desperate to try Steak for a number of months now and a romantic date night with the boyfriend sounded like the perfect reason to go.  we took advantage of the many offers they have on during the week and went on a tuesday night to try out the Steak & Shake deal.  when i phoned to book the hostess was very helpful explaining that we didn't need to phone to specifically book the deal as it would be on offer all night and if we opted for the deal we would be able to add starters, sides, or dessert as desired.  we made plans to arrive a bit early so we could have a drink in the bar first and on arrival i was taken down stairs to a big bar space that was decorated in dark lush colours but still had good lighting to set a romantic, chic sort of mood.  the bar was empty and due to that the bartender very happily suggested i tell him what sort of alcohol and flavours we liked and he would just make us up some drinks.  we ended up with a clover club and a swizzle, both delicious well prepared cocktails with a serious alcoholic kick!  i felt that this offer was a really nice touch and made me want to return to the bar on a quiet evening to see what else the bartender could mix up!  cocktails drank it was time to go onto the main meal.  the restaurant part of Steak is a seriously awesome room.  there appear to be a good number of tables all laid out well so you've got that feeling of privacy while still being in a restaurant.  again more dark colours with mirrors and tables looking like proper butcher blocks.  the decor was very very cool and gave the restaurant a distinctly chic industrial feel while also being idealy romantic.  so drinks, decor, and finally the meal... wow, just wow!  we did opt for the steak & shake deal which is 200g rump steak with a side of fries, bearnaise sauce, and a milkshake for £14.50.  to that we added truffled macaroni and cheese, peas and bacon, and garlic mushrooms for sides.  and i had a prawn caesar salad for a starter while the boyfriend had a very good steak tartare.  this was definitely a tale of eyes bigger than belly ordering, but all the food just sounded so incredibly good!!    the starters were nice and enjoyed, but it was really the steaks that were the star of this meal.  they arrived cooked absolutely perfectly and very nice and tender.  just so incredibly good that i added this steak experience to one of the best i've ever eaten.  the bearnaise sauce was deliciously buttery and had a lovely hint of tarragon which i felt added a nice taste to the steak but was also rather enjoyable with my fries.  the best side was a tie between the peas and bacon (OMG i want this every day!!!) and the truffled macaroni and cheese (soooooooooooooo delicious!!!).  although i was feeling full i struggled to eat the remaining macaroni cheese because it was just that good.  my boyfriend's empty plate also clearly illustrated how much he enjoyed the meal.  i felt the only let down point of the evening was the milkshake.  mine was super vanilla-y and actually sickly sweet to the point i couldn't finish it and also didn't taste like it had any ice cream in it.  i was told by my boyfriend that you could make a milkshake without ice cream, but i'm pretty sure that you can't...well you can't make a good milkshake anyway.  so i will be back, there is no doubt in that!!  but i'll probably just opt for the a la carte menu and leave the milkshake out as it just wasn't worth the calories.  but from the service, to the drinks, to the steak, this restaurant was just outstanding.  it may be a bit pricey for some, but i'm happy to pay the price for such excellent food and such a lovely experience!!
4 This is the Steak Restaurant on Picardy Place. I have visited several times this year and every time it has been very good service - sometimes we found that special beef (Black Isle) was not available - which is well worth the price!  The decor is pretty, classy and dark comfort. pipes on the ceiling, mirrors on the walls and book cases separating spaces and tables.  This is a restaurant that has its sister in Kyloe, similar service - showing the cuts at the table, explaining the preferences and availability. Which (even after 4 times) still manages to educate  and wow me. Service is prompt, efficient, confident and knowledgeable. Their let down is that sometimes wines, steaks or condiments are not available. ( I am talking Rioja, Black Isle and curly fries)   I am still impressed and in awe of what they managed to turn the place into and know they will be there for longer. The prices are worth it in my opinion and if you want cheap steak there are plenty places serving exactly that. For the boss of steaks you still need to go to Kyloe, but for an experience of class and exclusivity - go to STEAK.
5 Every year I get the lovely task of organising the staff Christmas night out. Every year I go round in circles trying to get somewhere to keep everyone happy. After a recommendation for one of my colleagues we decided to try The Steak. Right from the initial enquiry to the last man standing on the night the whole thing as excellent and cannot recommend them highly enough. Sassy helped organise and everything was sorted as promised. The food was AMAZING. The pool table in Pepper, the club, downstairs was a welcome addition. Great for a group of friends or colleagues. Will definetly be going back with my husband.
2 Decided to have dinner here last night as they're running a Jan special called MISTEAK where you get 2 courses for £9.99 incl. a glass of wine or soft drink..  Under the impression that I could choose if I wanted Starter/Main or Main/Dessert..  Wrong.. the deal is soup and a rump steak & fries and a drink for £9.99... why don't they just SAY that??!! Just call a spade a spade.. Anyways.. we were there, we were seated, I wasn't really prepared to fork over (oh bad puns are great aren't they?) £30 or more for my dinner, so soup & a steak it was!! The scotch broth was hearty though slightly underseasoned... The rump steak was rather on the small & thin side but well cooked and well seasoned. The fries as always were lovely and crispy. We decided to splash out for dessert... and were completely underwhelmed... The mulled plum creme brulee was lacklustre and the 'spiced biscuits' it came with were very egg'y and not very spicy.. The popcorn sundae which had been well sold by our server was not half as exciting or tasty as she'd made it out to be.    I mean £10 for soup, steak & glass of wine is nothing to turn your nose up at and even with a steak slightly on the small side it's still pretty good value for money!  But having been twice before (Steak & shake Tuesday and Wine Club Wednesday).. I feel like the restaurant is getting worse, not better... Will not be hurrying back.  OH! I almost forgot... Don't ask for mayo unless you plan on eating lots of it! I was charged 50p for the pleasure.. (which I'm sure they didn't use to do before). The (house made & rather sweet) ketcup & wholegrain mustard were however still free.. though I did have to ask rather than being offered on previous occasions.
3 This is one of those really expensive (yet average) restaurants that charge an arm and a leg for absolutely everything. Plates of food are small so in order to get a good feed you need to pile on sides like winter layering.  Food is nice, but due to the price I came away from here with a sour taste in my mouth. They also employ cheeky ruses like mineral water instead of tap in order to squeeze more cash out of you and have a completely baffling menu.    I came along for a meal deal - soup, rump steak and chips and a glass of wine for a tenner. It was a good deal until we realised the plates of food weren't very big and we would really need to add on sides etc to feel full.   When the food arrived it was tasty and I did enjoy it. - the chips were especially good. I just think there are plenty other places in Edinburgh where I can get a great plate of food for much less than the menu prices in here. Unless I'm visiting with a deal or voucher I won't be back. Also, I'm not a massive steak fan so that's probably another reason why I'm a bit lacklustre about this venue.
4 Having recently moved to Edinburgh, I'm on the hunt for the perfect place for a steak with bernaise. Steak seemed a bit flashier than my normal preference - and is also more expensive - but I would say its worth it for a treat when you've been good. The steak was perfectly cooked and full of flavour. Bernaise was spot on. The fries were nothing special but did the job. Service was very friendly and I loved the decor. Will be back for their Monday and Tuesday specials.
1 Visited steak for the 1st time tonight for the misteake offer they have on it certainly was a mistake going. We had spicy lentil soup when it came it was cold we told the waiter he took the soup away to bring it back 5mins later to me no difference in the temperature as for the rump steak it was more like chump. I know we only paid £9.99 for the offer time you add  on the sides and drink it was £71 it just wasn't worth it.
4 I visited Steak for a mid-week dinner with my family a couple of months ago. On arrival, I was completely taken aback with the decor. It is modern, simple, spacious yet cosy. It's amazing what you can do with some ropes!  We enjoyed a lovely meal, sure enough comprising mainly of steak, and a lovely bottle of Merlot.   Service was a little disappointing at times. Our drinks took longer than they should have in a quiet restaurant, and our waitress seemed shocked when one of our party sent back a glass of coke which was made up of 90% ice.   The server also had an earphone device in her ear, obviously used for communication between staff, which resulted in us having to repeat our order because the kitchen were 'shouting' in her ear. Not her fault at all, but it did come across as a little messy and unprofessional.  The above are very small hitches which I wouldn't normally dwell on, but when the bill came for the meal I realised I should have been expecting more than just a mouthwatering steak!   Overall, a lovely place to eat. Great decor and fantastic food, but I would be very hesitant in returning due to the overpriced meal and patchy service.
4 Despite it opening over a year ago, I hadn't yet had the opportunity to dine here. I love steak. Rare, preferably. With some good fries and a nice glass of red. (It's my "last meal on earth" on my Yelp profile, check it.)  When they launched a new lunch menu, of two courses for £12.95, one course being steak, I knew I had to try it out. So Richard C dutifully came along as my partner in crime to try out the steak for lunch, on a rainy, muggy Edinburgh Sunday. (He's such a good pal.)  First impressions on walking in are that it's cavernous, impressive in its decor, but also perhaps better suited to evening dining, rather than lunchtime? Not a criticism per se, just that you're transported to another, darker, lack-of-windows world where it's perpetually 7pm and cocktails are called for.  The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, and happily seated us at a well-laid table. The 2-courses lunch menu had a few options which made it easy to order: blue cheese and walnut salad starter, and steak with fries for main.  The starter was quite lovely. Not too big or filling, which I was pleased about, and I heard the soup was very good too. The walnuts in the salad were coated in sugar, or something very sweet -- just in case you're not a fan of sweet. But it wasn't too heavy, given the blue cheese, which meant I could tuck into my steak with relish.  And I did. The steak was beautifully cooked, and given it was beaten so flat, I was very impressed they managed to cook it medium-rare, as requested, and yet still have it so chargrilled and delicious on the outside. It was a beautiful cut, beautifully cooked, and was a total steal for lunch at £12.95 for two courses.  The fries were a nice portion (not too many, as greedy me can never stop eating no matter how full I am). Shout out for the home-made condiments too. I love condiments. I am, in fact, a self-proclaimed Condiment Queen. The home-made ketcup wasn't as sweet as Heinz, and I liked it all the more for this.  I would gladly come back here for steak again, and perhaps will visit on an evening, as I feel the ambience would suit a lingering meal with wine and cocktails more. But it's still a very nice meal for any time of the day!
4 Really odd to be in the building that used to be Ego!  lovely food and atmosphere. i have been twice, and i would have to say if i was on a budget i wouldnt be going very often UNLESS it was the pre theatre menu which is excellent value for money!!!! the main menu is fabulous but not cheap - definitely a treat ( or big brother paying! ) as it is such a lage room and very busy the service can be slightly  slow, however Sarah ( gorgeous redheaded girl) was FANTASTIC!!!! friendly, funny, on the ball and down to earth ( me and my friend have a bit of a girl crush now!). would definitely recommend this place if you want really good steak and have some spare pennies x
