5 My 2 year old autistic son was sent to ValleyENT by his pediatrician to have tubes put in his ears.  We called on a Tuesday and got to see the doctor the same day. The staff was kind of snobby but it wasn't too bad.  The waiting room has a big playground right in the middle! How awesome is that?! The wait wasn't very long to see the doctor. Dr. Chuang is who my son saw and he was wonderful. He was friendly and explained everything in terms I understood and answered all questions I had. We were scheduled for surgery that Friday.  The surgery to put tubes in was quick easy and almost painless.  To make a long story short...maybe its too late for that... I would recommend ValleyENT to anyone, old or young.
5 Valley ENT does a great service to the medical industry.  Their staff and medical personal are extremely helpful and friendly.  I saw Dr. Richardson at the Valley ENT located in Ahwatukee.  She was very personable and thorough.  With the medical industry plagued with absolutely terrible service this place is definitely the exception.  I just can't recommend them enough.
1 The office is very hidden could not find it. I call the office to get the direction but I was on waiting for 15 minutes and after that instead of giving me the direction they ask for last name and date of birth and so on.........After she find me on the system she told me that I have to reschedule! I was even 15 minutes prior to my appointment but she said that there would be no time for paperwork.  The office staff girls are very rude even at the point that I went to get the paperwork to save time for next time. They are very ignorant and impolite! They were very closed minded to my address challenges and all they were saying was, do you want to reschedule. So Sad!
1 Practice is 4.5 STARS!! But DR. MCKENNA SHOULD RECEIVE ZERO stars for bad business practices!! If you care about ego, status and popularity then go for it. If you care more about the ENT issue you or a loved one may be having then CHOOSE ANY DOC BUT DR. MCKENNA, or find a different ENT practice. My husband and I came the 1st time Aug 2012 for my step-daughter's breathing issues. Saw the nurse practitioner who was great! She diagnosed the issues and recommended treatment. Next appointment was with Dr. McKenna since he would be performing the treatment. He came in, took a brief look, re-confirmed what the NP already determined and sent us to his nurse to schedule an appointment. Standard doc...friendly, knowledgeable. Nothing special that would wow you. We requested a Thanksgiving surgery to accommodate a 10 day recovery time and insurance requirements. She said she would call us with a potential date. I must have called her 6 times, leaving messages for the next 3 months. She finally called me back about a week before Thanksgiving and said that Dr. McKenna couldn't secure a hospital time so we would have to delay and wait until 2013. At this point we could not schedule the surgery again until Aug 2013, again due to insurance requirements which we should not have to be so inconvenienced by because of their mistake. We have a 5 year old that needs help breathing for goodness sake!!!!! So finally we go back to the office on Aug 6, 2013 with a 4:10 appointment. At 5pm we asked how much longer we would have to wait and the nurse told us there were 3 people in front of us which would probably be about another hour wait. We were confused as to why there was such a long wait time and she looked at us like we were stupid and asked if we were new because most regular patients know to call before hand to see how far behind Dr. McKenna is. Apparently Dr. McKenna is know as the ROCK DOCTOR and is very popular for ??? what ??? being popular among rock stars? Not ENT patients???? I don't care about a rock doctor! I care about my step-daughters issues!!! The nurse also went on to brag about how great of a doctor he was and how he doesn't just hop in and out of patient rooms, which was the exact opposite of an experience that we encountered. Dr. McKenna has very bad business practices if he expects patients to wait for him for unreasonable amounts of times and is extremely impersonal. We immediately changed doctors, scheduled a new appointment and drove an hour back home. Dr. McKenna I would like 4 hours of my life back please... if your rock doctor status could be so humble.
4 My son was seen here. Lots of stuff for the kids to be occupied with, while waiting. They have a playground outside and a giant chalkboard inside. The wait time is kind of long but not uncomfortable. The doctors are great here. The front staff, not so much. They don't welcome you with a smile and pretty much want you to fill out the paperwork and let them get on with their jobs. I would still take my son here just for the doctor.
