5 I don't normally gush over much unless it is truly deserved and this place deserves it and more. Sophia was the therapist and did an amazing job with it all. I went in for a foot massage and ended up with the full hr. at only $20.00! That massage, time alone, was worth so much more and when you add it the ambiance, the touch, the service, it is doubly so. I've never gone to a spa (outside the one I massaged at years ago) and being in a new place I wasn't sure what to get. It is professional. My massage was done in a semi-private room with only shoes and socks removed (obviously) so there is no place for anything else. Again,Sophia, great job! I'll be telling all my friends and co-workers to visit when they come to town.
1 Don't believe the 5 star ratings on this place, they're from people who've only posted 1 review which means they're the owners or friends/family of the owners trying to falsely boost their ratings. There are plenty of good, clean smelling places that actually listen to their customers. Horrible! It was like being tortured! I kept wincing and yelping in pain and the Chinese guy massaging laughed at me and patted me like I was being a baby. The 2 of us both felt beat up by both masseurs/torturers who kept laughing as they pounded on us. I've had deep tissue massages and reflexology massages before and none of them were as rough and painful as this experience...3 days later and still sore.  The place smelled like rotten eggs when we first walked in and looked old for it being their "grand opening"...Should have just walked out as there were plenty of other places nearby for the same $20/hr.  Do NOT go there unless you like getting beaten up!
4 Don't want to give away my new found secret....but when I signed onto yelp I'd give the good, bad and the ugly....$20hr special - full body. Immaculate - and they kept talking to each other at a minimum ( this is where they lose a star) why is it cell phones get and staff talk back and forth?!?? Can't wait to return!
3 Went back and brought friends after I couldn't stop talking about it!  Ehhhhhhh.......they had a great experience and accommodated all 4 of us at the same time. Apparently I had the "manager" who continued to take calls, talk and felt that massaging me with one hand while she held the phone was acceptable. Why put I the soft music, dim lights and cover my face with stowed if you're going to talk to each other or on the phone the entire massage? One more time Excellance.....lets try PLEASE.
5 wow..hole in the wall? yes but who cares! they worked my kinks out and I felt like a new man! I'm going back again  ps I'd gone to another place before and this place was wayyyy better!
1 This was sadly my final return visit to this place. No cell phones this time and talking was at a minimum- actually had the best massage I have gotten here to date....why the 1 star??? Upon check out as the massage guy waited for his tip - I was asked to give MORE tip by the cashier!!!!  Never again - on principal alone go elsewhere.
4 Having never experienced one of the many foot massage spas in the area, I didn't know what to expect. Even if it were to suck, I had to take a gamble. $20 is a freakin' steal for a 1-hour-long foot massage. And um, feet are gross.  My fam and I thought we were just in for an hour-long foot massage, but what a pleasant surprise - we had the choice between an hour-long full-body massage and an hour-long foot massage. The full-bod just seemed like the better way to go, so that's what my sister and I went for. My dad and step-mom both chose to stick with the feet.  When we arrived, we asked the woman in the front if they could accommodate 4 people... The woman held up her hand, signaling for us to wait and then ran off without saying a word... So we waited... When she came back, I think she told us to follow her... So we did. And she disappeared behind a door. (Uhhh..... ??? WTF?) The lighting was super dim/dark, so I couldn't see a GD thing. The workers were all speaking Chinese, so we didn't know what the heck was going on.   Finally, a bunch of workers (from other spas?) walked through the front door and showed us to our massage chairs/beds.   BTW, I'm not sure how often they wash the towels on the beds... A guy had just finished getting his massage and my dad was directed to that freshly used chair. My dad asked if he could have a clean towel, but no comprendé. So my dad just used a different bed. Yikes.  Our feet were placed in buckets of tea... (Yes, our feet were tea bagged!) and the massaging began!  I appreciated the firm pressure and mixture of massage techniques and styles -- kneading, stretching, point reflexology, etc. I was the only one out of the 4 of us who didn't fall asleep. The other three were sawing wood, so I couldn't stop laughing. Plus, I couldn't help but peek out every 7-10 minutes to make sure my bag was safe. Because I was awake during the whole massage, I felt that I was maximally able to appreciate every squeeze, knead and stretch. And after the whole thing, my headache from riding the New York New York roller-coaster had dissipated!   Even though it was a rough start, in the end, we got our $20 (+tip)-worth. I've never had such an intense (and cheap!) full-bod massage. I will be back!
3 This was sadly my final return visit to this place. No cell phones this time and talking was at a minimum- actually had the best massage I have gotten here to date....why the 1 star??? Upon check out as the massage guy waited for his tip - I was asked to give MORE tip by the cashier!!!! - on principal alone go elsewhere.  Returned again because people were in town and wanted to go. Why do I have a love hate relationship with this place?!?!? Honestly it's the one girl that ruins it. The one that has asked me for more tip the first time and then asked me to pre pay this last time I went in?!?!? It's not quiet and Since I have been there 6 times - never once been asked I thought....maybe change in policy ...NO. Se asked no one else to pre pay!!!!   Any other suggestions please let me know
5 One of the best massages I've had in years. Ask for Michael if you can handle strong hands and great technique. He'll have you ready for a new day.
1 Forget this place.  The lady at the front is very unprofessional.   She is not pleasant at all.  The guy who massaged my feet did a sub par job.  Gave him a $7 tip and the female dog in the front gave me a rude look.  First of all, it's a $20 massage for an hour.  She charged me $21!   Ended up paying $28.  Anyways, I will never go here again and neither should you.   Don't go here, go to the bali foot spa or the one right in front of it.
5 This is the best place I never had before.  You guys really need go to try it. The service is really good. Everything is great.
5 Went with my husband expecting a foot massage but got a whole body massage.  Happened to be a very good one.  For $20 you can have no complaints and very satisfied.  Would definately come back again.
1 PLEASE BEWARE! I've been here a few times but it's been a while, I was weary upon reading a peculiar sign above the register, it said $5 tip is a very unhappy face, $10 is somewhat happy and $20 is a happy face. I thought $20 tip for a $20 massage? What the heck but I proceeded. The massage was good not great, the person did not massage for the full hour since he got up a few times to tend to the register or something else I do not know. Ok fast forward one hour. My friend is ready to check out and asks for some change for her $20 wanting to leave a $5 tip, he tells her no that there $10 is minimum required tip and basically refuses to give her money back. I said show me the sign that it says that, he pretends not to understand me. Then I told him he never said anything to any of us about a 'required' tip. He said fine, but we must each then tip $5! I said that's what we were intending to do but since you are being so rude and refusing to break our $20 to forget it. I told him that I hope he understands we are never coming back and posting this so that everyone knows they are scammers but then he went back to not really understanding English again. We will NEVER RETURN. There are a ton of foot massages places charging $20/hr and do not require a minimum tip amount, especially 100%tip amount at that. This place is ludicrous!
1 At the end of the message it was time to pay we did paid  the $20 for the message service,  but the man told us we HAD TO PAY $10. TIP . I DID NOT!  I gave my masseuse a $5. tip .me and my 6 girl friends will not be returning
