5 These guys do a great job and they don't rip you off. They will come the same day you call and only fix what is needed. I have used them at my house and at my rental property.  For my rental property, the renter busted the cable and pushed the rollers off the track. I thought I'd have to replace the door, but they just pounded it back into place, replaced the cable, and only charged me $65.
4 Really amazing service! Our garage spring broke... and the lady on the phone broke down the price for one and/ or two springs. There was no hidden costs either.   It gets a star dock because she forgot to put me on the schedule and I had left work early that day expecting them. But because I couldnt get off early another day.... she had the technician come on my time off. AND she also gave my service for 1/2 the price. That is very reasonable for me!   I will def be calling them for when my garage needs a tune-up
5 Exceptional service and reasonable pricing. My garage overhead spring broke on New Year's morning. I called them the next day and they came over that same day and put for two springs for the price of one. Very honest and ethical. Would definitely recommend them to any one in need of garage door repair/service.
3 Yesterday, I was having problems with my garage door so I started calling companies to check on pricing and who was able to come to my home.  I checked on Yelp and saw that All Access had good ratings so I called them.  A woman by the name of Barbara answered and I told her what my problem was.  She apologized and told me that they wouldn't be able to come out until Monday.  I told her that wouldn't work for me and was going to hang up but she started to ask questions to find out more information.  At this point, most people would have not even bothered to do anything else.  I told her that I couldn't lock my garage door and she gave suggestions on how I could keep people from opening it.  While I wasn't able to use this company, I felt she was as helpful as she could be and went above and beyond.  Her attitude is rare!  I am giving them  3 stars only because I  haven't had any other contact with them.
