5 This is a new location and I am starting to think it is now my favorite one.   The prices are marked reasonable compared to some other locations that have gotten a little price happy.   This store is actually kept clean... yes it's new but I often see the employees cleaning which is nice.  They have chairs throughout the store that you can sit and rest if needed.  I love this idea since a lot of seniors also love the Goodwill and they can get fatigued sometimes.    This location is organized per item theme:  Holiday, kitchen, nicknacks ect.    80% of the items are in good condition and they don't put out broken or damaged items that often.   Some other location I have found pants with no crotch... and wanted $5 for them... Kinda insane if you ask me!      I have found an item I really wanted but felt it was marked wrong, I could by it new at another store for a $1 more.  I questioned them about the price and they discounted it for me.   I am not one to frequently ask for discounts but sometimes errors are made in pricing and if you just ask them about it they will usually fix it for you.     I must note that I have NEVER gone to any other location that has such outstanding employee's.  I don't know if they spike their soda with happy pills or what but they SMILE! It is amazing to me and I enjoy going there.   Other locations all I see is frowns and unhappy workers but not this location it's kinda like its not the Goodwill!   I find so many things for my craft projects here.  It is my first stop now before I hit the craft stores to see if they have anything I need.    I am not overly excited about the toddler clothing but everything else is great.    If you go to their website you can print a 5% off coupon... if you sign up for their email they send you monthly 20% off coupons.     You can also view their calender of events on the website to find out the discount days.  Every other weekend they have everything in the store for 50% off minus a few exceptions like food.    This Goodwill is in a new area so they tend to get nice items.    Back to the subject of employees.... I thought my first smiling encounter was just sheer luck but to my surprise it is every visit.  They actually ask you if you need help... they give advise on the good discount days.    They engage in short talk while checking out or in the passing of the store.    One person even volentered to help me to my car.   He saw me with my toddler and a cart full and knew I would not be able to carry it all out myself.  I did not ask for help... he just went out of his way to do this for me.  Much appreciated!
4 Good store, but not found alot yet.  Great cleanliness, and I totally agree about the pleasant employees (and that starts at the top, so I assume the manager here is a peach!).   Bought a few things, but still seeking that big item for less on my hunt.
5 I love this location!  First it's big and very clean!  The staff is nice and ready to help all the time!  One thing I enjoy is the neighborhood. This place gets excellent donations because the neighborhoods surrounding it are upscale nice houses.   The housewares section is a little lacking when it comes to vintage kitchen stuff. I never find jewelry boxes here but do find  other things like shelf's and what not.   They have a huge selection of furniture here!  Most of it is priced very fair and it great shape!  The thing I love the most here? CLOTHES! They have tons of awesome women's clothes.  I have seen Tommy Hilfiger, Express, Banana Republic, Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, and more.  They have great clothes and dresses.   I never had much luck in men's clothes but it's hard to find clothes for my BF size.   I have not spent much time in kids clothes or toys either so I can't speak on that. However I am going to get my son summer clothes here this week so I will update my post then.   When at this GW I never got the feeling someone might stab me to steal my $5 cash because they have more normal customers!  I have spent time talking to some of them in line and some of them thrift just to donate to homeless and shelters. That is AMAZING!
3 What can I say, its the "WILL".
1 So think about this:  Over the past 5 years, there's been a lot of these big, beautiful buildings popping up all over the valley.  They don't even take over old strip malls, they build new buildings.   How?  Why?   You donate your stuff.  They take it and give you a form showing your tax deduction.  They then take your "free" stuff and resell it for a profit.  Think about that.  The CEOs of this company (they have a CEO for each region - SoCal, Nevada, Arizona, southern Florida, etc..) Each earn in the hundreds of thousands where their workers earn minimum wage or less if they are disabled.   I used to donate all my old stuff to Goodwill before I found these facts.  I avoid them at all costs.
