4 It's a good price, 24/7. They need a BETTER news tv station.  Fox News is TERRIBLE.   Why not have Fox and CNN?  I wish they would tell people that they need to CLEAN the machines after they use them and monitor the 30 minute workout better....it seems like people have NO clue how to use the area....it is not a free weight section people, you need to switch places when the light turns red!!!!
4 I have been a member now for about 4 months and have no issues.  They have great staff.  The price is still the price.  The 24/7 availability is wonderful because I like to get up with the chickens & my husband wants to work out after everyone has gone to bed.  I am happy with this gym!
4 Great gym and great prices. Only $10/month and it's a pretty big gym with all the usual equipment. Nothing fancy like pools or rock walls or saunas but enough to get the job done. It would be awesome if they did have classes (they have unlimited personal training at certain times) like yoga and girly stuff like that. Even after the new years it hasn't been too crowded which is nice because you never really have to wait for anything (except the bench press). On Mondays they have free pizza which everyone grapples over and it seems like everyone brings their family in just to chow down (the opposite of getting fit, eh?) but whatever. Pretty cool place.
4 Its a great place, excellent price, awesome staff, AMAZING ammenities. My only thing is that I wish it had a stairclimber. Other than that I would totally rate it a 5 star :)
4 I have used many gyms, some are now out of business. I left 24hr for Planet Fitness due to the membership price.  I elected for the $20.00 a month plan to tan, great deal. I will just say this, the lunk alarn is a bad idea, judgment free?   There are plenty of treadmills and aerobic machines and they all work!!! There are some machines, but the pads to keep you locked in the machine aren't ajustable, bad idea.  The free weight area is very basic, but that's a corporate idea.  They don't want hard core lifters that intimidate people.  The area can get crowded. Complaints:  There are people that use their cell phones while on a machine or bench, I just hate that.  I also wonder how many people are really a member since you can bring a guest in. How many people bring in more than one guest at a time? one more complaint, do you really need to wipe down a piece of machinery after using it, or a treadmill.  NO!!!  unless you were sweating profusely.  You would think that people that workout there are germ freaks.  All in all, its a no frills gym for the average person to visit...not a fitness freak or bodybuilder, but they don't claim to be anything else.  bottom line, you can't beat the price.
2 The main consideration of this gym is price, at ten or twenty dollars the average person that has never gone to a gym or cannot afford to go to a gym can do planet fitness.  The says a lot, their clientele is not picky, give them a treadmill, bike, or elliptical and they are happy.  The out of shape or overweight clients can walk on a treadmill at zero elevation and extremely slow speeds and feel good about themselves.  If they get real crazy and use some weight machines they might burn a few more calories.  The other consideration is at twenty dollars a month, it's cheaper to join and just tan or use the water massage table. In both cases you have low end users and that's the problem I have with the gym. The other problem is that black card users, can bring a friend with them up to ten times a month.  This makes the gym very crowded, too crowded.  Last night I believe dangerously crowded. Yes, they bring cheap pizza in on the first of the month.  I wonder if they have the proper state licensing to do that.  The pizza is left on a table, anyone can touch it and it cools off after awhile... I will give the gym a two mainly because it's very limited and weights area very light.  For a "judgment free" gym they certainly make fun of the stereotypical male weightlifter. If you have never gone to a gym, try it.  You may save your life.  If you have gone to a gym, skip it.  The machines are poor and weight area much too small with very light weights. If you are on a very limited budget, this is your gym.  Enjoy it once or twice a week and on pizza nights.
1 Update, I found out that it will cost $58.00 to cancel my membership which expires in October.    The gym is just too crowded after I get off work, 6-8pm, and they let guests come in at peak times, this is a bad idea. I just don't have a choice, I could not work out.  I was able to use a treadmill though. If you want a real gym, avoid this place.  Unfortunately, if you are already in poor health and obese, this is your place.
5 Clean environment and a wide variety of workout equipment available. I go 6 days a week and haven't found anything bad about this place. The staff is friendly and helpful as well. The prices are VERY reasonable. Good non-intimidating atmosphere.
4 Great gym for the basics. Not for hardcore lifters as they don't have a ton of free weight equipment (benches, racks, etc.) plus they clearly state "no deadlifting." But as I'm pressed for time and have limited myself to aerobics (plenty of elliptical, bikes and treadmills) and circuit training (30 Minute Express Workout), this place is great, priced right (no contract) and close.
5 Possibly the best gym i've ever been to. Very clean and love the fact that they're open 24/7!!
4 I left LA Fitness and joined Planet Fitness and was afraid to make the change, but haven't looked back!  PF Chandler is GREAT!  Staff is friendly, always greets you and says goodbye, pleasant if I have questions or am ready to use the tanning or other Black Card amenities.  I like that the equipment is uniform, all the bikes, treadmills, elliptical, etc are the same, so regardless of which  elliptical you get it it's going to operate the same way the one next to it does.  The price can't be beat, at $20/month and I can bring a guest with me every time, no questions asked!  If you need a pool or childcare, this ISN'T the place but no pool & childcare= lower insurance and lower monthly dues!
1 yes, an update for all.  so my year membership is over Oct 10 2013 and I tell the kid at the counter I want to cancel after the tenth so they don't keep charging me.  He tells me to send a registered letter to the headquarters.  I told him, I didn't send a letter to them when I joined, why now?  Then he tells me, to cancel would cost $59.00, I told him my year is up.   Finally the manager stepped in and basically told me my last charge is 10 01 2013 and that completes my year, filled out some paperwork and hopefully wont get charged again. The gym is the 99 Cent store of gyms, out of shape people bring a friend to walk for ten minutes on a treadmill and maybe work the abs. Not my style but I tried it. I have seen one of the reviewers once at the gym on a treadmill, maybe ten minutes. Funny, I asked for the corporate address many times, I have never been given it. Now, when my year is up, they want to give it to me. They cant keep going at the rates they charge, I think they jumped the shark.
3 I felt like a total traitor coming here due to my love affair with Lifetime Fitness. However, my friend needed to work out and this was closer.   First off, compared to Lifetime this place is crap. It's hideous purple color and these "no judgement" signs are bull.  Now putting my snobbish Lifetime sensibilities behind me I actually enjoyed this gym.  Everything was super clean, from the machines to the bathrooms. And that's difficult to accomplish when everyone is sweaty and needing to poop after a good workout.  I also like the wall of keys, I have forgotten my keys so many times at the gym that I can really appreciate a wall to store keys while working out.  And I love their little "quick 30 minute workout" area. It is a totally genius idea and I adored every minute of it.  However I've been spoiled by the endless supply of clean towels at Lifetime and at Planet fitness they give you cheap brown paper towels and spray bottles instead. Such a cop out.  So I would come back for sure, I might even jump ship because it's cheaper and more convenient - only if they replace the crappy paper towels with some real towels!
2 So I've been to this location and the one in Phoenix off ray and the 10. My friend has a membership here. So we've been gym buddies and trying to encourage each other to go more often. Sometimes u need that extra push to get you there!   If you want something super basic, nothing flashy or fancy then this is the gym for you. It's about $10 a month, or you can do $20 a month for all locations and bring unlimited number of guests.   Now I'm torn between a 2 star and 3 star rating for this place. First, I've been a member with 24 hour for years. Not switching, they're pretty basic as well, nothing fancy, has everything I need for a very reasonably priced. However, my gym has a sauna, basketball court, classes, pool, etc. which Planet does not. The big thing for me was no sauna! what!? AND what is up with that lunk alarm thing? They're supposed to be a judgment free gym supposedly, but then they have this alarm which screams and flashes when someone drops a heavy weight, grunts, or actually exerts effort.  what the!!?? Doesn't really make sense to me. & is that really necessary?
5 I LOVE their motto "Judgement free zone" and it feels that way too.   It is definitely the cleanest gym I've ever belonged to.  I'm really glad our family started going here.  The staff is really friendly. Anna is our morning favorite.
5 I haven't been to a gym in years....too many years. I joined Planet Fitness yesterday on my son's recommendation. He has been coming here for several months...being on a college student budget, the price is perfect for him. Being unsure about joining a gym, the price was perfect for me, too. I have now been twice and I am really pleased! The staff is friendly and Anna is just awesome!! The place is spotless. There are enough machines that there is no waiting. And I feel completely comfortable there, no intimidation whatsoever. The amenities are a bonus...tanning beds, massage chairs, hydro-massage table for the low membership price. And I like that I can use the Planet Fitness by my work as well as the one in Chandler. No childcare, pool, juice bar, etc...but perfect for those that don't want to spend a fortune, want a clean place to workout, and want to feel at ease as they work on being or getting fit!
