5 WOW!  Love this place!  I stopped running due to the heat and within 30 days packed on the pounds!  Started this workout and within days felt the inches melting off my waist!  Great energy, great staff - perfect location!  Very positive, clean, professional place.  And all sorts of different people working out in a group setting.  Young, old and in between (that would be me!)  Check it out!  I am sooooooo excited I found this place!  Gotta get my hubby to join with me! :)  He hates gyms - so this will be perfect for him!
5 I am in love with OTF! It's seriously the best workout you can get in an hour. I love how it just flys by. It's similar to circuit training, but you wear a heart monitor and your heart rate is displayed on a screen. It helps to push me a little bit harder so I stay in the "orange zone" longer. The staff is also super friendly and very responsive. I highly recommend checking out Orange Theory Fitness! They offer a free trial class as well.
5 This is the best workout I have found! I like to workout on my own but don't push myself enough. I like that the classes are small enough to still get attention from the trainer if you need it or you can blend in too. Every workout since I started here just doesn't compete on the intensity level for me. The prices are a little expensive but I think its well worth what you get. The staff is always there to help out and are just great!
5 Love love love OTF!  1 hour workout, worth every penny if you are serious about challenging yourself and getting in better shape.  I have gone to 5 different teachers- Kathy, Daren, Chris, Jesse, and Dan. I liked all of their classes. Each was a little bit different from the treadmill routine to how many sets on the rowing machine to what exercises you did with hand weights or TRX or bosu ball, etc.  Prior to OTF, I had never used a heart rate monitor, so I was very intrigued by this blinky thing you wear around your chest. I liked that my heart rate was displayed for me to see easily so I could push harder if I needed to. That's the best part- pushing yourself to the limits. It's much easier in this format with a personal trainer leading the class, getting you pumped and excited to run faster and harder. I already run on my own, but I am rarely excited to keep going unless there are cheerleaders. I doubt I am the only one who feels this struggle.  The other thing I like is there is always a great mix of people. People to be inspired by for many reasons!  What are you waiting for? Get ready to fit in your skinny shorts!   Also, 2 tips- they have a shower in the bathroom if you need to go straight to work after, and Whole Foods is right around the corner if you want a fresh protein shake from their cafe!
5 Not just an average workout! Lots of fun and encouragement! This is an hour that you owe to your self!! This is a workout that challenges you and is so much fun! I have worked out in gyms and done every class that hits the scene and have never been so   motivated and felt like i've got the best for my time.  you get a heart rate monitor and a trainer that will you to the next level. Go try the free trial class i promise you will get hooked! All of the teachers are great and the classes are small. The best is seeing your readout on the cario-x at the end and seeing your personal "report card" in how hard you pushed that day!  The trainers also have group/individ. contest every quarter with prizes if you feel like you need the extra boost!
5 I started at this gym when they opened in May 2012.  The concept of the heart rate monitoring and 1-hour workout is what attracted me to try it out.  After one session, I was hooked.  I have never felt so challenged and encouraged in a workout before.  The workout is a group training style mixed with cardio and strength.  There is a mix of all fitness levels in the class and you can modify the exercise difficulty to meet or challenge you to the next level.  The exercises vary from treadmill, rowers, free weights, medicine balls, TRX, and steps.  The equipment used during each session is different and I have never had the same workout twice.  You wear a heart rate strap and pod for the duration of the session to track your heart rate.  Heart rate monitors are located throughout the studio so that you can monitor your effort and know when you need to push yourself to get into the "orange zone".  Getting into the orange zone is what sets this gym apart from others.  The goal is to be in orange for 12-20 minutes of the hour which allows you to burn calories for up to 36 hours after you finish exercising.  The workout goes by so fast and there is so much energy during the class that before you know it, it's over.  The trainers and desk staff are so friendly and truly care about creating a positive fitness environment for everyone.   They offer tons of classes so it's easy to find one that fits into your schedule.  The studio also has a shower and changing room which is convenient if you are coming or going to work.    I have been active my entire life and have trained for marathons, practiced bikram yoga and had the standard gym membership, but none of them compared to the results I have seen with Orange Theory.
5 Orange Theory is the best workout I have ever done. Period.  1.Not only does it provide an excellent workout with great customer service, it also provides me with the resources to become the healthiest me possible.   2. Not only has this workout help me lose ten pounds off my 5'3" frame, but Daren, the studio manager, helped me manage my diet.   3. During the workout, you can completely go at your own pace. But don't worry, you won't be able to slack off because there is a heart rate monitor that pushes me to work at my hardest pace. This is where the "orange theory" comes in. Basically if you get 12-20 minutes in the "orange" you burn fat and calories post workout. PRETTY AWESOME! Oh not to mention they just got in a new upgrade on the machine that actually calculates the calories you burn throughout the workout.   I am beyond pleased with OTF and it's staff. Not quite sure what Mary K. is talking about...the staff would never make you do something out of your comfort zone. By the way, can you say affordable?
5 I started Orangetheory Fitness -- PV on August 8th, 2012 and I have lost 21 pounds so far and I am still going.  It is not only the best workout in the country it is the team that makes the difference.  The staff and trainers are helpful, patient  and motivanal with nutrition and exercise.  I was in the worst shape I have ever been and the heaviest I have ever been and I now feel confident that I can continue this journey and finally make the lifestyle changes that I need to make.  There is a mix of all fitness levels in the classes and the trainers will help you modify to make it work for YOU!!  You will be amazed at how strong you will get and how your body will change.  It does work if you listen to what they are saying and use them as a guide for nutrition as well.    I just want to say THANK YOU to EVERYONE at Orangetheory Fitness -- Paradise Valley for helping me change my life for the better.
5 Very hip group of trainers.  I was hooked after my first class with Chris.  Throughout your classes, and at the end, they tell you very specifically how many calories you burned.  This is done via a heart rate monitor that you actually wear near your heart, so I think it is pretty accurate.    So with Chris, during my first session I burned 1000 CALORIES!  Wow!  I didn't know that was possible in an hour!  I think he was just trying to be nice, but he said that was the first time that had happened in one of his classes.   I have now gone to two of Daren's classes also.  I don't think I have ever been in the same room with someone who is as *pro-fitness* as Daren.  He is bursting with energy and positive vibes.  At the end of the session he gives a great motivational speech.  This is the kind of coach you want.  Orange Theory is a great happy medium between a self-guiding your workout and hiring a trainer.  Perfect for me.  I've since been back three times and had the pleasure of working with Jesse and Kim.  Both of them are *phenomenal* as well and the club lets them put together their own playlists.  So many times I have totally gotten into their cool music tastes and caught myself wishing I had enough breath to use Shazam.  LOL!  To me this is really an important part of being able to hit minus 700-1000 calories ... without being able to zone out to great music, it wouldn't be possible.  I've met a couple staff members too - *super* nice and inviting.  Overall, I'm sure you can gather that this is a STRONG five stars, in fact I will even offer that if you send me a message with questions I would be happy to give you an unbiased opinion.  I am doing this to pay it forward only - no sales pitch. I just signed up for a 6 month commitment today, and I trust this will change my life for the better. I think the price point is great for the total package of what they offer.
1 BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't sign up for any of the Orange Theory Fitness locations unless you're prepared to continue to pay when you want to terminate. They tell you they don't have contracts but then hit you for a full month when you try to leave. In my case, that was $139.  After using them for a few months,  I developed a muscular problem that prevented me from continuing. When I told that to Darren, the store manager, he claimed he could not just waive their termination penalty due to policies that are set by their corporate headquarters. I called back to headquarters. They contradicted his story and told me each club can make any allowance they want.   Here's the thing. When you start the service, it's energizing and you feel like you'll be attending for a while. However, as you go through the program several times, it becomes deathly boring and many people - medical condition or not - will find they want to terminate after a few months. That's when you get to deal with Darren. See the other poor review for more on him.  I haven't done the crossfit training that's popping up everywhere but people I know who have done both crossfit and Orange Theory say crossfit is much better and cheaper too.    Oh, and they tell everyone that they're losing 1,000 calories per session because you keep burning calories for almost 20 hours after each session. I looked at all the info I could find about this online and the actual story is that you continue to burn a moderate amount of calories for about 40 minutes after the workout after which any enhanced burn rate falls off to almost nothing. Orange Theory claims the full 20 hours as though you're burning calories at something close to the rate you do while in the class. In my opinion, it's deceptive and they know it.  Overall, before you sign up to their supposed "no contract", meet Darren. He's the guy you'll be dealing with when you want to leave.
1 I injured by arm during a work out session, which impacted my ability to work or exercise.  I lost mobility (not to mention the pain) and had to go to a specialist.  I thought given the circumstances, the club would work with me but instead wanted to try to force me to pay an extra month of fees for OTF (even though I was physically incapable of attending) or pay a monthly freeze figure until I could recover.  I was told that it was their corporate policy that they could not budge, but in reading the other reviews, I understand they do have flexibility in how they deal with clients.    This program could be so much better if they would work with people on a more individual basis to avoid injuries and if they applied good customer service principles when dealing with people who are injured in the course of their program.
5 Love Orangetheory (OTF).  I've been a member since they opened this location and I work out 3-4 times per week here.  They have TONS of class times and all their trainers are really awesome.  I was really out of shape when I joined the gym and my fitness level is immensely better since I started my OTF workouts.   I really like all the trainers.  It you REALLY want to work hard, try Darren's workout...  he does this BRUTAL 5-minute squat/lunge section that is so hard (but so good for you)!  Everyone there knows the clients who walk in the door, and they really take their time to help anyone new to learn how to participate in the workout.  It is not the cheapest workout in town - but it is DEFINITELY the best - really well-worth the investment.
4 I have been going to orange theory in Ahwatukee since their grand opening this summer.  Amanda is a hard worker and great instructor.  Most of the original instructors have left for one reason or another, so it is a matter of getting used to new ones. I feel impelled to respond to ALL of the negative reviews regarding injury. I must ask,, where exactly do you feel your responsibility falls  for your injury??? YOU are the only one that knows what feels right or wrong.  The trainers are just giving you a guideline to go on.  I hate use the old "if I walk off a bridge, are you going to also", but one must use their brains!  I have had years and years of one on one personal training but could not afford it any longer, so orange theory is an awesome alternative.  I am well aware of my  fitness level and work to my ability so that I get a good work out.  Take responsibility for your choices and stop blaming the trainers. And  BTW, if you guys have any experience with any gym, you will know that EVERYONE requires a 30 notice for cancellation.  Of course, if you are saying "they pressured me" or "made me lift heavy", it is obvious you are not familiar with the fitness world.
1 I was going to the Mayo location and then, when the PV location opened up, I was a member there for a short while.  The owner of this location, Darren I think, was extremely pushy when I tried to cancel.  I had to go get a doctor's note because he wouldn't terminate the contract for the real reason I left.  Over the two years prior to joining, I'd lost about 100 lbs that I'd gained when I had had Cushings Disease.  I was seeking to lose about 50 more, tone up a little and build up my lung capacity.  My diet had been working well thus far.  However, the front desk girl started trying to sell me on an all-fruit, raw, vegan diet.  Now, despite the well-documented dangers of this (check out what happened to Ashton Kusher), I'm not going to go into that part here.  What was highly inappropriate was to treat me, as a client, like someone who was just starting out on a path of wellness and a total moron.  Being overweight doesn't make someone unintelligent.  I felt invalidated and degraded.  I returned to the Mayo location and find it to be a much nicer, welcoming, non-judgemental, enlightened environment.  If anyone else here had a problem at the PV location, check out the Mayo one before you call it quits.
5 Where do I begin with this review... I just truly love this place and the trainers. Class times are convenient and results are reliable! The facility is clean and well maintained. I get my hour workout in with nothing less then 600 calories burned! The tools are given to me, be it a heart rate monitor or a free weights plan, to then put into motion a productive, yet "catered to my needs" workout. I'd say you can't beat that with any other facility!!!   Check out orange theory fitness for a free class, you won't be disappointed!
5 I am one of the orginal members at OTF PV.  The instructors are great, the facility is clean, and online scheduling system is really easy, and you feel like you want to die everytime you leave (in a good way!).  There is a nice combination of all different kinds of people of different age, gender, and weight so I feel really comfortable.  It took about 6 months for my cholesterol to drop about 100 points; something I couldnt do by just changing my diet.  Please take note....their 30-day cancellation policy is tricky.  It is more like a 60 day policy because they will absolutely not pro-rate the month for you if you cancel between billing cycles.  Also note....the classes fill up about a week in advance.  Plan your classes ahead of time online to secure the days/times/instructors you want.  And, make sure you cancel if you cant attend because they will ding your credit card with a $10 fee if you dont show up!  One more last thing....take Darren's class once, with caution.  Dont get me wrong, its a tough class and you will work hard.  I couldnt stand his approach to teaching, and his classes always start and run really late (I think this is really inconsiderate of people's time).  Chris, Dan, and Kim are great and have plenty of classes to fill my week without having to listen to Darren scream for an hour :)  I would highly reccomend this workout...if you can commit to going 3-4 times a week.  You will absolutely see results.
1 To whom it may concern,    Imagine my shock, surprise and extreme disappointment arriving at class this morning at 645 am to find my favorite trainer Jesse O was no longer working at the OTF in Paradise Valley.    I am truly at a lost to think of any reason they would let someone go that is so upbeat, friendly, knowledgeable and encouraging. I can only speak for myself when I say that for the first time in my life how comfortable and at home Jesse made me feel about going to the gym. I have tried every diet and hired many trainers and it never seems to make a difference. I just did not enjoy going to the gym at all. I was always waiting to get the workout high and it never came. However, when I joined OTF and took Jesse's class I am pretty sure that I found my place, the music, the workout, and Jesse's energy made me not only want to come back every day but I wanted to bring all my friends.    Now that Jesse is no longer with OTF Paradise Valley I can no longer in good conscious continue to go back to that location or recommend it to any of my clients or friends.     Christian James
1 I had been a member of OTF PV for just 11 months.  But, I intended to be a life long member.  Why?  Because I loved working out there.  I paid $89.00 a month and every Wed. and Fri at 5:30 I would attend Jesse Ochoa's class.  His class was the best fit for me; it wasn't serious, stuffy or boring.  In fact, it was the opposite.  His class was exciting, electric and entertaining.  He danced, he sang and he instructed his students to ensure we got the best work out we could.  He motivated us.  He inspired us.  And, above all, he was like family to the 5:30 crew two days a week.     Why did I just go two days then?  Well, many times I thought about upgrading my account in order to go at least three days a week but when I looked at the other instructors that were in time slots that worked best for me, I opted to just stay with Jesse.  I've taken Kim's class and she's very, very nice.  I don't have a bad thing to  say about her; she's a great instructor.  I just prefer Jesse because of his upbeat, energentic style - he made an hour seem like 10 minutes!  I've also taken a class with Chris.  He's great to look at (!) but the atmosphere is too boring for me.   And, lastly, I've taken a few classes with Darren.  His condenscending, egotistical attitude is a bit much for me at 5:30 in the morning - or at any time of the day to be honest.   He's insulting, he's rude and not at all inspiring.  Why he's held in such high regard at this location baffles me.  I think someone told me he went to school back in the day with the owners.  Dear Owners:  Wake up.  Darren is an asshole.  Period.   You have staff there that don't even like him but they keep their heads down and tolerate him so they don't find themselves out of a job.  Speaking of being out of a job - let's get back to Jesse and the reason I'm writing this review.  He got fired.  I wrote the owners to express my disappointment in this decision and they wrote back an email saying "please understand we've exhausted all other options...."   I guess I thought OTF was in business for their customers.  Clearly, that's not the case.  To date, I know of at least 4 of us who have quit OTF due to Jesse being let go.  OTF requires a 30 day cancellation notice - but I quit the same day I learned Jesse wouldn't be teaching there any more.   The 30 day notice is their way of getting at least one more month out of people who simply don't want to return, yet they boast that you can still use your sessions for that remaining month.  I told them to charge me and that I'd eat the sessions.  I'm not training there unless Jesse is running the class.  Thankfully he is still employed with Chandler OTF.   To Chandler OTF, you have a true asset on your hands at your studio.  Don't let him go!!!!!
1 To whom it may concern,    Imagine my shock, surprise and extreme disappointment arriving at class this morning at 645 am to find my favorite trainer Jesse O was no longer working at the OTF in Paradise Valley.   I am truly at a lost to think of any reason they would let someone go that is so upbeat, friendly, knowledgeable and encouraging. I can only speak for myself when I say that for the first time in my life how comfortable and at home Jesse made me feel about going to the gym. I have tried every diet and hired many trainers and it never seems to make a difference. I just did not enjoy going to the gym at all. I was always waiting to get the workout high and it never came. However, when I joined OTF and took Jesse's class I am pretty sure that I found my place, the music, the workout, and Jesse's energy made me not only want to come back every day but I wanted to bring all my friends.   Now that Jesse is no longer with OTF Paradise Valley I can no longer in good conscious continue to go back to that location or recommend it to any of my clients or friends.     Christian James xtianjames@gmail.com 623-330-1286 Cell
1 Let me start by saying I LOVE OTF's concept and workout, I just despise this location.  The Studio Manager (Darren) is unprofessional, abrasive and rude!  I have been an OTF member at the 101 and Scottsdale location since the 2nd day it opened.  I recent moved my office downtown and decided to give the Tatum location a try since it's right on my way home.  The workout was good, a bit different than the 101 location but it was afterwards when Darren called me to tell me I WASN'T a member, and I need to buy a membership.  His unprofessional approach to the situation just got my water boiling, and I just felt like I was getting bullied by him.  I see that I am not the only one here on Yelp who has had the misfortune of dealing with this guy!  Why is someone like this running this studio??  I will now be driving 15 miles out of my way to go back to the 101 location.
1 This place has TWO Yelp pages.  Be sure to check out the other one that isn't filtering out the bad ratings!!!
5 Just hit one year as a member of Orange Theory PV and it truly has been life-changing. My issues with working out are quite common - I'm a professional with very little time, repetitive workouts bore me to death, I HATE gyms filled with meatheads, and only scheduled classes provide the discipline and accountability I need. So I tried OT after many, many failed attempts and finally found a home. Every workout is different, and they all have a common theme - they are incredibly challenging and I burn at least 800 calories in 60 minutes. I'm 39 and in the best shape of my life and I only have to invest 3 hours per week. I love the small-format classes - they play great music and you get personal interaction with the instructors (unlike Crossfit, they aren't a bunch of firemen and Olympic shotputters trying to make you throw up). The instructors are highly-competent professionals who are fully engaged in their work, and they each have a unique training style. The PV team is led by Daren Parks, whose credentials are extraordinary - over 25 years of experience in some of the country's top fitness facilities. He will push you to your limits and relentlessly inspire you at the same time.   Obviously any membership-based fitness program will have detractors, usually over some trivial contract issue. OT makes it as easy as possible by offering month-to-month memberships if you want them. Try it, then stick with it, and you'll see amazing results. I'm not an employee or an investor, just a really, really satisfied member.
5 I have been a member of Orange Theory Fitness, Paradise Valley, since January 2013. I absolutely love this workout. Since joining I have lost 15lbs and my body fat has changed from 33% to 16%.   Dan Durso and Kim Brown are two of the trainers at OTF that have been extremely helpful in my success. Both truly care about every single person they are training. I love that their classes are challenging and targeting each muscle group. They mix up the strength/lifting so it's not routine each class you attend. They motivate and push their clients to challenge themselves. If you have questions or need suggestions on how to reach your goals they will make time to talk individually with you. It's obviously not just a job for them, but a passion for helping clients reach their fitness goals. In addition to being amazing trainers, they are very knowledgeable on nutrition and supplements to enhance the results one is looking for on top of the workout.   Kathy Curran is an amazing nutritionist at OTF PV. She has made such an impact on my eating and lifestyle. If I had a question not only would she answer it, but would find an article to justify what she was saying.   Julie Kraiss and Kristin Bennett work the front desk and every time I come in they are so welcoming. They motivate everyone that walks in and are always concerned about the clients' experiences.  Orange Theory Fitness, Paradise Valley continues to impress me, and I will definitely refer more people to this workout and location.
5 I have been a member for the last 3 months.  The workouts are amazing and I already see my body changing.  I have been happy with all of the instructors.  They all want you to do well.  This workout is easily modified for those who are very fit and those just starting out.
