3 Tacos Sonora Grill is now open for business. The neighborhood is rather sketchy and parking is limited so you may want to consider visiting during daylight hours. The menu is limited and the tacos are small. However, the carne asada is flavorful and there's a self-serve toppings bar to personalize it all. This is a very small restaurant with absolutely no seating indoors. Plan on take out in case you can't find a seat at one of the four small outdoor tables. Considering those eating at the restaurant are likely to sit outdoors, I would recommend they place a trash can where people are most likely to use one. The only one I saw was indoors. The prices are right at $1.50 per taco (two dollars for bottled soda) but if you're paying with a card, be compared to fork over an extra $.50.
5 I have been searching for a Rocky Point style taco in Phoenix and I have finally found it.    Simple menu    Tacos, Vampiros, Quesadillas..... thats it.  Tacos - exactly like the delicious street side tacos in Rocky Point.    Vamprios - grilled corn tortilla with cheese, beans, and carne.   Quesadilla  - little street style quesadilla  with the best cheese ever.                         I'm sorry but Americas Tacos just lost me as a regular.....  I have found my new taco stand!!!     Update - Still thinking about that Quesadilla!
5 I've been here twice now and the carne asada is on point.  They cook the beef over mesquite lump charcoal while many of the others cook it on a flat top.  That means flavor and the flavor of the beef is outstanding.  The menu is limited but what they do serve is all very good.  The flour tortilla is nice and dense with plenty of lard while the corn tortilla was soft and supple.  They also have a salsa / topping bar with items like shredded cabbage, limes, radishes, pickled onions, avocado salsa, a hot salsa and another salsa I didn't try.    The atmosphere is lacking and there is bar seating inside with about 3 or 4 tables outside.  The service is great and both times I was greated warmly and they seem to appreciate that you are there.    All in all, this is where I will now go for carne asada.  America's is eh, Tacos Atoyac is awesome but I've never been wild about their carne asada and many other places simply can't match the flavor of the meat here and really, isn't that what it's all about?
5 I'm usually one to prefer chicken - but when the only option for tacos is steak you go with it.  I ordered the taco and was rewarded with tender steak with lots of flavor.  Our lunch crew has gone back several times and the service is always fast and friendly.  For the size and price - order multiples.  Love the salsa bar.  Adding cucumbers is now my favorite treat.
5 I've been here 3 times and LOVE the place. I've been satisfied every single time. Everything in their menu is great. Delicious mouth watering flavor. To make it even better, prices are cheap. I will definitely go back. Try it out! You will not be disappointed!
5 For the price, the flavor and the serving size a delight!  On or way to full the rental car tank near Sky Harbor Airport,  we found this treasure. Crispy corn tortillas, thin flour tortillas and savory carne asada were topped with fresh ingredients of our choice. THIS was the meal I'd been waiting for on a trip to Arizona from the Twin Cities!
5 This place is amazing.  If you are in the area you should absolutely stop by.  The carne asada tacos are fantastic.  The menu is small, the drink selection is minimal and they do it all right.  3 items on the menu: Tacos, Vampiros, Quesadillas!  Will absolutely be back to this place.
5 Great street style tacos, reminds me of rocky point but better. Loving going here when I am on this side if town.
5 Best street tacos in the state and sooo close to the Suns and Dbax game. a must pre game dinner. much less than anything at the stadium and so much more flavor.  A must....
5 Being from Hermosillo, Sonora myself, this is the closest to true Sonoran carne asada tacos you can get.  The tacos are al carbon style, so they use real charcoal.  Ask for flour tortillas with yours.  The place is very small with only a few things on the menu.  But their carne asada tacos are absolutely the best thing on the menu.   4 will fill you up and they're only $1.50 each!  Also, great friendly service and nice selection of salsas at the salsa bar.  My favorite is the roasted salsa.   I've hunted all over Phoenix trying to find a great Sonoran carne asada taco.  I guess I found my place.
5 Best place ever!!!! The meats delicious! Great service! Best thing to get is one of each!!
5 The best tacos in Phoenix! I've been there several time on a week day during lunch rush, and I've never waited more than 3 minutes. The beef is high quality and cooked perfectly every time. We travel from the East Valley at least once a month for their tacos and Mexican CocaCola.
5 This place is perfect if you want carne asada tacos that is about all they had besides quesadillas. The meat was full of flavor the taco was delicious .   I prefer my tacos with cilantro and onion which was no where to be found but it was just as delicious with cabbage and there salsas.  I would recommend this place for lunch. The place is tiny but it is super clean and they are friendly. Service was fast. I will definitely be back
5 Just found a great little taco joint!  Now if you don't like steak, then you won't like Taco Sonora Grill.  But if you do, you are in for a huge treat!
4 Food is on point and super cheap. Close to my work and they're quick about making it. The choices are limited but are one of the best dives to grab great tacos. Don't expect much of a parking lot but again, the tacos overlook everything.
5 The Best tacos in town. The meat has great flavor. I would recommend the VAMPIROS.!!!!
