5 Booking with Vegas Hotspots is a must do! I worked with Severn to book this package. He was great about customizing our package to exactly what we wanted. Our host, Rich was the best thing that ever happened to us in Vegas! He was dependable, professional, fun, and easy to get a hold of. He kept us in the loop of what was going on and the hot clubs to go to. We had a true VIP experience everywhere we went and had a blast. I need to rest up for a week and then I`m ready to go back with VHS!  Sarah Maxwell Flat Rock, IL, USA
5 First, I would like to start by saying I was probably one of the most difficult clients VegasHotSpots.com has ever dealt with. However, they remained courteous and helpful the entire time! To save yourself the time from reading my extremely long review below and just go ahead book with them, you will not regret it! I was especially elated and satisfied with the services provided by my host Jeremy Crudup from VegasHotSpots.com (VHS)! I had a great time, my expectations were surpassed. We were completely hooked up for my 21st birthday celebration weekend. Well worth it, whenever I am Vegas I will be solely using their services. We were treated like straight VIP and nothing less!  Thanks, Jeremy and everyone at VHS!  The story begins with planning a trip to Las Vegas with initially 40+ people for my 21st birthday celebration, which we all know can be a hassle. Dealing with an array of preferences and constant fluctuations in the number of attendees I easily became over whelmed with the inconsistencies within my party. I soldified the definite number of 30 guests that guaranteed their attendance months prior to the actual event date of August 25th, 2012. I contacted VegasHotSpots.com with my long list of services I required for the weekend.  I almost immediately received a response from Jeremy Crudup. I was honestly surprised because I have contacted tons of similar businesses regarding this event, it had basically took days to give me a price, so VHS received brownie points automatically for their responsiveness.  Jeremy provided me with a more than reasonable fare share price per person and even a website for each person to pay individually. I felt this was wayyyy too good to be true, based on the simple fact that other places were looking for an amount of $150-$160 per person for all of the services I had inquired.  So I did a lot of digging to find some background on VHS and their history... reviews on their services were a hard find, I think it's because of the company name... but you know what they say, no reviews are good reviews!  Jeremy had provided me with a contract, after a couple of days, many revisions, and a few of the attendees reading it over. I signed and agreed to the terms and all of the many services Jeremy promised to fulfill and later to my surprise exceeded. He booked an amazing party bus to accommodate 30+ plus people and was fwd'd to me for my approval; he also inquired about my bottle preferences I would like on board. I absolutely appreciated that he kept me involved with the decisions he made on behalf of my party and I and kept himself completely available to all of us, and left me with absolutely nothing to worry about.  Also upon my request, he consistently provided me with a list of the people that disbursed their payments.   Anyways, fast forward to the week before event everything within my party basically went to hell, only less than half of my guests paid their more than reasonable fair share amount. People began to back out and give excuses, "I am sooo sorry I can't get time off, blah blah blah etc." Jeremy still worked with me and the changes that were occurring all the up until seconds of the party bus arrived, AMAZING CLIENT SERVICE, my weekend went off without a hitch on their part!!!! I will just give you a quick breakdown of the events below and how amazing everything went.  Party Bus: The Vault rolled up to the Cosmopolitan in its bulletproof greatness stocked with TWO obnoxiously huge bottles of CIROC! Regular and Red Berry and just about any mixer you can think of it was present. The ultimate club on wheels with two stripper poles, pretty much a beast on the strip no joke!   VIP Entry to Pure:  My guests were amped and ready to continue the party. Straight from the party bus we meet up with Jeremy right outside of Pure.  We walked right pass the longggggg entry and even the table reservations lines. Got our stamps and walked right in like bosses.  I will not lie, the people in the line's face expressions were stuck on that "Who the F*@k are they?"  face.  Even one women from the table reservations line asked " why are they going in before us?"  Jeremy walked us over to the bar and got my boyfriend and I a huge shot of Patron.  Faded at this point... I know I had a great time.  Party Bus to the Strip Club: Amped and Faded   Strip Club: Faded  Party Bus back to the Cosmo: Faded, even got to keep the bottles from the bus!  Sunday: Tao Beach- TOO Faded LOL   I am honestly confused as to why I am the only person to have reviewed them on Yelp! You guys are pretty much amazing, thank you again!
5 Pretty much the most legit thing you'll spend your money on in Vegas. Whatever you want they can probably workout a deal for it, they really made my girlfriends birthday party one to remember. They will make you feel like VIP's take in all the concerns you have and special request. Just wanna say thank you to Jeremy for making it one hell of a weekend !!!
5 From the time I contacted Jeremy...things went really well.  We were traveling to Vegas for a bachelorette party and was unsure of what to do.  He arranged our transportation to thunder from down under then on to xs night club then back to our hotel.  All transportation was on time and our tickets were in the places he said they would be.  An account was set up for each girl to pay secure by themselves.  They kept in contact with me the entire time there by cell phone or text.  If we go to Vegas again...I will give them a call.
5 i think 5 stars speaks for everything, Jeremy provided exactly what we all wanted from Vegas.  No questions highly recommended for Vegas any day.
5 Hooked up!!!  I was planning a bachelor party for my lil bro so it had to be good.  I dont know crap about vegas and am outta of the "scene" and all these connection that friend had were NOT working out.  and Im in Vegas, I dont want to spend all this time trying to figure out the activities for the fellas - I want to indulge myself in all the eye candy that vegas is known for.  I told these guys I want the hottest clubs for my boys, .these guys know everyone in vegas and do a great job hooking it up!  Great deals, good times!  I wish I could say more but... "what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas..." (sorry for the cliche).  I looked like a stud with all the hook ups in Vegas.  Highly recommended!
5 If you're looking for a VIP hosting company for your trip to Vegas... Look no further!  I'm the type of person that does RESEARCH on everything before fully committing and trust me when I say I contacted probably every company out there and thoroughly read their reviews!  I went to Vegas a few weeks ago for my sister's bachelorette party and I planned the whole trip for myself and six other girls. Most of the companies give set packages and prices that u can choose from but you can also customize your own package and be given a price which is what I did.  My package in a nut shell included a limo to tao and VIP and bottle service. Next day we got guest list entry to wet republic, limo to men of og, VIP entry and two drinks per girl at men of og and a limo to xs with guest list entry.   honestly, I came to Vegas a little worried bc I've read reviews of OTHER companies with people saying their package included bottle service or guest list and BC there was a guest DJ that night they couldn't get what they paid for and they couldn't get a refund. But that wasn't the case at all with Vegas Hotspots! Even with calvin harris playing at wet republic and afrojack at xs... My vip host (Rich) was still able to get us in no problem and no wait!   I don't know if its cheaper to book everything individual yourself as opposed to going through a VIP Host company but I don't regret booking with them at all. They do all the work for you and allow you to enjoy your vacation !
1 Paid 1000$ ahead of arrival. To find out everything they had planned for me was offered at a much better rate through my hotel.
1 I will never do this again. This company is full of crooks. Do not waste your money. They will tell you everything to get in and sign up. But once you show up they have any excuse to deny you and can away with it because its in the fine print. So I would highly recommend you call your hotel and ask them questions. Even ask them if they heard of vegas hot spots. Your answer will be NO. No-one has heard about them. So please do some research before you are taking a loss like I did. All we had was the vegas one hour limo tour ride. Which turned out to be 1000$ ride because I was denied to all their venues and which was totally legal because it says in there fine print "you can be denied for anything" which forfeits all your money.  Please don't waste your time. Call your hotel first they have insurance for these things and will tell you they've never heard of VHS AND TO NEVER BUY FROM 3RD PARTY IN VEGAS!!!
1 This company has no respect! This company does nothing. Call every place they put on your itinerary and ask if they have heard of "vegas hot spots" your answer will be no! Dont be fooled by any 3rd party. They are everywhere. Your hotel your staying at can book every thing and will be much cheaper. Why give money to a 3rd party who has in their contract you may be turned away for whatever reason and VHS holds you and your hard earned money responsible! You will not get a refund! However if you book through your hotel you are secured because you are not dealing with 3rd party sources.   Please do not get scammed like me  I am an honorable discharged vet who left healthy and came back with a disability. I never been to Vegas and because of this experience I may never return!  How disrespectful.  And then to have the President of the company named Brett try to shame me with 1 text. But never point out the multiple phone calls and and texts prior to their ghostly hosts. How pathetic!   Trust me when more people search and call around Vegas to find out who knows "Vegas Hot Spots" you'll soon come to notice none do. None.
4 Vegas Hotspots made my girlfriends Bacholorette Party a complete success !! Severn Bazarro was an amazing host and worked diligently to ensure that all of us had fun!! Severn was an absolute delight and checked in with us every step of the way. I was a bit skeptical using a service such as this but Severn proved to me how professional, reliable and legit Vegas Hotspots is.. I will use this service again and tell all my friends about my experience..
5 I recently worked with Severn for a Bachelorette weekend for 12 girls.  It was definitely a feat to try to plan an amazing weekend for the bride and all our friends, but Severn helped to make it all go smoothly.  He assisted us with bottle service/tables at the various clubs/pools of other choice.  He also assisted with the planning of entertainment and transportation.  I had several phone conversations, text messages, and emails going back and forth with Severn and he was always prompt and helpful.  I highly recommend Severn!
5 Severn was very easy to work with and we were able to get into all of the clubs and pool parties with little effort. Our group has contacted Severn many times to set up events, and he has been very consistent with the pricing and the ease of coordination. Severn has definitely made our Vegas trips hassle free, fun, and memorable!
5 I planned a bachelorette for 16 girls and of course was super worried about making sure everything was smooth for the weekend.  I reached out to Severn after some Googling and he was the best!  He responded more promptly then anyone else and was super responsive to emails and phone calls.  He was very understanding of our needs and provided awesome entertainmnet packages (at good prices) as well as freebies (including open bar Tao)    When we were in Vegas, he was super accessible and went out of his way to meet up with us and make sure that everything was going well.  And he kept surprising us with perks! He got us into XS (with absolutely no wait line) and got us table access at the club for a bit as well.    Overall, I was impressed and very happy with Severn.  I would 100% recommend him for any Vegas planning and needs!
5 For my 30th birthday I wanted to go big with my girlfriends but without having the big costs. Severn did that and more. I was very impressed by the number of contacts he has with all the best and hottest nightclubs. My girlfriends and I were able to waltz in, without waiting in a line, at every single club that had the reputation of being impossible to get in. Hakkasan, Marquee, Light, XS... I was in an EDM dream come true. And don't let me forget to mention the pool parties. Severn was able to secure a cabana for us at Wet Republic and Tao Beach. Since Severn spoiled us with all this VIP treatment, I don't think I can ever go to Vegas without using his services. What girl doesn't want to feel like the hottest piece of ass there? Thanks for the memorable birthday Severn!
5 I've used Vegas Hot Spots twice now and both times they have exceeded my expectations. I worked with Severn and he was able to plan my club schedule exactly the way that I wanted it (Hakassan, Tao day club, and XS) with VIP entry for a fair price. This last time I went with four guys and thought it would be tough to go anywhere but it was no problem for Severn. I will definitely use Vegas Hot Spots again, and I always recommend them to my friends who are planning on going to Vegas.
5 Definitely as good as it gets!  My friends & I planned a birthday party with Sev Bizzaro with Vegas hotspots and it was amazing.  VIP everywhere we went, no lines!!! (Which was incredible for the girls in heels), saw amazing DJs like. Tiesto, Hardwell, Steve Aioki.  Sev was very up-to-speed with what the best clubs, restaurants etc in Vegas and how to have fun....completely hit the mark for us ladies!  I definitely recommend planning with this organization...specifically with Sev!!
