1 Don't bother.. went there last night for dinner and they were out of boneless anything and said it would 20 min, out of just original recipe with the same 20 min wait..when we settle to the crispy with bones we pulled up to the window and discovered two other cars in front of us appearing to be waiting the 20 min for their food. We also could see all of the cooks standing out back smoking while everyone was waiting. The window clerk didnt even come to the window for a good 10 min to even simple say hello and be courteous. When she did come to the window, I said" we're actually going to leave now... the wait time and things you are out of is rediculous" she said ok and shut the window..no i apologize or sorries at this place...we drove to the KFC up on Gilbert & chandler blvd..much Better service! they had food and a smile to go with it. Dont know what happened to this KFC.. wont ever go back.
1 Copy/paste the other reviews.  It is now several months since the last comments and we experienced the exact same. They only had wings, nothing else and it would be a 20min. wait for any other style. One OFFer was apologetic, the drive thru attendant was not and had nothing to say about the chicken restaurant not having chicken, despite their advertised special.
1 This is our second time at this location and the food has been bad both times. The service was nice. But the chicken sandwiches were SUPER dry. It's kind of amazing how a chicken place always has dry chicken. Time for a new location.
1 Go to another location if possible.  I have actually been going to this location for several years and they frequently do not have what you order.  You will have to wait up to 30 minutes sometimes.  Our most recent visit we ordered the special of 10 Hot Wings and some other items.  They said the wait would be about 15 minutes for the wings.  Takes like 4 minutes to cook in a deep fryer.  We agreed to wait.  About 15 minutes later the drive through attendant came out empty handed.  He told us while waiting on the wings some of the other food we ordered was sold to someone else.  He compensated us with a few extra wings.  When we arrived home we realized they shorted us a Chicken Tender.  We will go ahead and drive the extra 2 miles to try another KFC.  Some of the staff is friendly and some would rather see you walk away I believe.  Ignoring you when you come in.  When you do get food it is usually very good.
