5 Everyone here is extremely professional and compassionate. I would recommend their office for anyone suffering from life long illness or pain looking for an alternative source of relief and peace of mind. They not only discuss the option of medical marijuana but also a few other treatments depending on your condition. Making an appointment was easy with one phone call, and they made sure to remind me a day ahead of what time I needed to be there. All around a positive experience.
5 At first I was worried about going to someone for medical marijuana. After just a few seconds in their office I felt silly for ever worrying. The staff is professional, informative, and courteous. As others have mentioned the video they show in the waiting room will amaze you with how many uses medicinal marijuana has. It teaches a lot of history about the plant. I felt very welcome and they made the visit effortless. I normally don't go near doctors because of past experiences, yet I would go to S.M.M.E.C. anytime. If you think the visit will cost you a fortune you are wrong, their prices are beyond reasonable. If you are looking for a place to get your Evaluation look no further, this is the office to visit.
5 Just had appt. With dr peachy. She was very thorough and kind. I would recommend this clinic. Brian handled all the paperwork very efficiently and professionally, and even gave me some coupons for the wait. Thanks Southwest
5 The staff at SMMEC are very professional and courteous. The office is pleasant and in a lovely building. The Dr. was very kind and knowledgeable and put me at ease. I felt a little strange applying for something that has been illegal all of my life. I was reassured that Medical Cannabis is a valid method of treatment for my pain and that I have as much right to use it as any other prescribed drug. Really just another doctor's appointment. Nothing to hesitate about.
5 Went in today. Tim is very professional, really makes you feel at ease. Dr. D really listens and gave me great advice and information. So glad I came here - wish I had come sooner!
5 Very friendly and professional staff .I had all my questions answered .Made my appointment got in right after work got my evaluation done and was approved for my medical condition. It thought it was going to be packed and slow, but waited 5 mins till i got my name called and the process was faster than intended. I am a first time patient and recommend this place 100% very satisfied
5 I picked this location because of the high review ratings here on yelp.  I live on the opposite side of town and there were plenty of locations around here however, I'm glad I made the drive.   First off my appointment was late in the afternoon which was nice as I didn't have to take time off to make it.  Upon arrival, the waiting area well kept. Information about the element intent was posted all over which was very good to know.   The checking process went quickly (if you bring the paperwork as instructed), and checking in was easy.  The doc visit was very informative. She guided me towards particular attributes which target my pain relief needs, and therefore shortened my trial and error time.  The gent working the front office was very knowledgeable, and answered process specific questions dead on. I'm comp savvy, so I'll be submitting my own application, however he guided me step-by-step to finish the overall process.   Because of my conditions, I've visited doctors of all types, and this time around it did not feel like I was just another medical claim.  She took the time to listen and provide guidance for my qualifying conditions, and to also avoid certain elements as it effects other issues I'm dealing with which is something I never got with a "network" type doctor.  I'm looking forward to an alternative method of pain relief as conventional narcotics do not work well for me.    Prices wise, well I've paid five times as much as I've paid for my visits here at other doctors, which lead me to even more confusion and discontent. So for $125 (which is much less than my Cigna copay btw) I'm sold. Overall a positive experience, and will return for all my medical needs.
5 I chose Southwest Medical Marijuana Eval Center as they had such a professional website showing that the doctors offered more than just a quick service.  I chose wisely!  I was a bit apprehensive about going, but everyone I talked to from the person that answered the phone, to Brian at the front desk, to Dr. Burns was professional and so very helpful.  As a nurse, I was impressed by Dr. Burns in that she did a thorough job reviewing my records, correlating my history with what my symptoms were.  She asked quite a few question about my prior treatment, and what I wanted to achieve by using medical marijuana.  I left feeling that she truly wanted to be sure this was right for me.  Thank you to everyone who helped me today!  I recommend Dr. Burns and her staff highly.
