5 I love this cleaning service! I have tried lots of others but having no toxic fumes linger makes this service the best. Their own product line smells fabulous & really makes my home shine. They are friendly & detail oriented.  I highly recommend this local business.
5 I highly recommend EcoMama to my patients. Absolutely the best option for non toxic cleaning in the Phoenix valley area.
5 If you need a reliable cleaning service and you are at all educated, aware or concerned about the level of indoor chemical exposure you might be subjecting yourself and your family to in the process of getting your environment cleaned, you will want to call on Eco Mama Green Clean.  They will educate and prepare you with top of the line safe cleaning products that you can use on your own, in addition to the fantastic services they offer.  If you have children at home or you spend a lot of time indoors, you especially want to talk to these people.  I would highly recommend them.
5 Simply a great cleaner. If you are in need of a change in your cleaning company or you want use less chemicals in your home call Sarah.
2 We were pleased to find a eco friendly cleaning service, reliable and at a good price.  The cleaning service did a good job at first but we were very disappointed  that they never did finish the job cleaning.  We had mentioned before what was needed to be cleaned. I was totally surprised that certain parts of our house were not cleaned . When they left, they didn't even finish the last room because the 2 hours were up. And half the windows were not done, the oven, the refrigerator and the last bedroom wasn't even touched.  We noticed that they only sent 2 people to do the job. When one of the staff asked me what needed to be done. It wasn't done. Only half of it. They both just left our place half way done. We felt ripped off. I would have paid for another hour or more if they asked if they needed more time.  We even contacted the company and there was no response. Obviously they are not a very professional service and don't have any concern. That will be the last time we will call them for a cleaning service.
5 We use Eco Mama for our Movement Education studio.   I was looking to supplement our office building's nightly light janitorial and was delighted to find Eco Mama.  I have had excellent care from Sarah, the owner; she addresses any questions or concerns immediately.  Our clients LOVE the all-natural, refreshing cleanser, which E.M. make themselves.
5 EcoMama has been taking care if FITNESS 5 for over a year now and I'll never switch. There are 20-30 sweaty bodies in F5 every day of the week and EcoMama still manages to keep it smelling great! The most impressive part is that it's not a chemically smell. Instead, just can amazingly clean and refreshing scent after every cleaning. If that's not reason enough, give them a try to support a small business!
5 When I first heard about a green cleaning company, I was instantly worried because I'm one of those people who would bathe in bleach if I wasn't also paranoid about aging and wrinkles. They changed my mind quickly when I saw how clean and fresh smelling my house was after the cleaning was done. My house was spotless AND I could sleep easy knowing I wasn't just passing out from all the bleach fumes.
5 Sarah is amazing and her staff is very professional. Her products are Eco friendly and work great. I would highly recommend using Eco Mama Green clean for your business or house cleaning needs.
