2 Yeah...first and last time for sure. My friend and I wanted to get our biweekly traditional pedicure and have been on the search for the best spot to go too. Both of us agreed as we exited the salon that it was onto another salon to try and prey they will do everything right. This place had the potential but blew their chances left and right. It also depends on who you get, and unfortunately my friend and I got screwed over. When I spoke to my friend later about her response in more detail I felt even worse for her because the lady she had doesn't understand English what so ever and only knows how to say $5 dolla go figure I'm not kidding. If you accidentally Mess up your nails at the nail salon the day of I've never been somewhere that charges you to fix it. My friend messed up her big toe and noticed the lady didn't. Completely coat a lot of the toes. That's really bad!  Whoever the lady was doing the toes next to me looked like she took her time and didn't half ass it. Lucky lady!  I understand that people have lives out of work but it shouldn't affect the way you perform your job. The older guy that did my nails rushed through as fast as he could. The two parts that were nice was his technique with massaging the ends of my feet and how he scrubbed my feet of the dead skin. When he was polishing I know what the drill is(my other friend owns a nail salon in the chandler mall) and would always say with pinks reds and purples a base should always be applied before the polish because the polish can stain your nails. Which the man did not apply before the polish. Awesome :/  Rushing out of the salon while not checking to see if my nails were being dried at all shows so much concern with your work you just spent 30 minute on if not less. I've gone to plenty of other places paying the same amount and taking their time with their work and massage. I just was extremely disappointed and gave him a 3 dollar tip which I do not feel I should have gave him.
3 It was my birthday weekend and I needed some cute toes! I love being a girl and getting glammed up! I wanted to find a shop that was near my house and drove by Diva Nails, and just by its name I knew this was the place for me!  I didn't do any Yelp research on the place before I decided to march right in, and I have to say, good thing I didn't, the previous reviews would have made me second guess this place.   From the moment I walked in to the moment I left I had experienced great customer service, was even offered water or soda while relaxing during the pedicure!  My toes are looking cute, the pedicure was great! I took advantage of the one with the sugar scrub, callus remover, paraffin wax and hot rocks, ooohhhh mmmmyyyy gosh it was pure heaven for me!  Even got a cute design for my toes!  Glad I stopped by and took a chance on Diva Nails!
2 First and last time. Went in for a fill because I was waiting for my oil to get changed at the Goodyear next door. The guy was friendly at first but was very aggressive with my hands and when filing he went to low and now the skin above my cuticles is beyond sore.   There was no one else in the salon when I went in so the other two ladies didn't have anything to do, one was on her phone which I think is rude and bad customer service and the was going in on her nose like I couldn't see her. Gross! They could've both easily went into the back, which eventually they did.   After I was done getting my nails painted the guy said some offensive comments which I don't think he was intentionally trying to be rude but they were rude comments in an attempt to have conversation which is sadly the case when you speak another language sometimes the meanings of words get mixed up. Either way this place is not recommended by me. There's other nail salons and if I had to choose the best one research relaxing nails spa in chandler, they were great, but this place will never see me again.
