2 We decided to try this place after our great experience with the Lil' kickers program at I Love Soccer ( on Rampart in Summerlin) Since this place was so much closer to home and new we deicded to sign up for their Lil' Kickers program. Let's start out with their open house, it seemed great, nice coaches and a great new "air conditioned" facility. Then the following week we had completely different coaches. Then another two weeks later they change their coaches and director of Lil' Kickers once again. It is July and insanely hot. I learn that to save money they shut their air conditioner off at night and turn it back on in the morning. Well, we are in the first class in the morning that we signed up for, therefore it is just as hot outside as it is in their "air-conditioned" facility. By the end of class all the kids have bright red faces and sweating as if thy were in the 100 plus heat outside because it takes pretty much all day to cool down a facility as big as this one. After they change coaches once more I express my concern to the 'manager/owner' that at this age to constantly change coaches kids are not going to respond as well. They said they would refund any money if we are dissatisfied. Every week I express my concern and every week they encourage us to keep trying, oh and promise to fix the air. I agree but by end of week 8 we have given it enough time and our little one is completely not interested. To get remaining classes refunded it takes numerous phone calls and finally a visit to the facility since they gave me the run around. Bottom line: our little one was super excited and at times very interested in soccer but because of this terribly negative experience it's going to take a lot to convince her to go back to soccer even if it's at a different place. This was the last week, they refunded most of our last two classes back (I say most because I realized when I got home that they refunded me based on a 10 week of classes but we only had 9) They obviously did not have the air conditioner situation resolved since it was still hot @9:30a.m. I should also make it point to say that the new director called me a few weeks ago about how they dropped the ball this season and they will definitely make it up to us and even offer us a free season. When I brought this up to the coach she said that they would never do that and didn't know why the director would offer that. I think there is great possibilities here because I think the Lil' Kickers program is awesome but this place has a lot, A LOT to learn about customer service, follow through and consistency.
2 Very Very new.... People here dont know whats going on.... what yelp check in specials they have ( seriously?!?!?!?) And its pricy for what they are asking for. One of the csr here... hit me, unfairly during a game and before the whistle was blown...they are  YOUR refs, if you dont listen and respect them, NO ONE WILL.  I hope, it will get better.... meanwhile entrance and team fees are ridiculous for such mediocre teams. AC sucks.. even at 9:30 PM ....I paid so I have no choice however Big League Dreams is still better for now.
5 We love this new complex! The Lil Kickers program is really well run and super fun. Coaches Ali and Christen are amazing with the kids! Love, love, love Longevity Sports Center!
2 I walked in to check out this place for my 3 year old. Was not impressed. I wanted to look around even though there were no classes going on.  I took my child to look at the fields.  However, there were teenage boys running amuck throughout the facility.  The workers are at the far side of the facility and not saying anything to these boys.  Didnt strike me as a professional place, nor a very secure one.  On top of that, there is a scary house directly across the house, looks like a crackhouse, if I imagined what one might look like.
5 A very well run complex.  The indoor soccer leagues are great.  It is a huge upgrade from the other indoor facilities in town.
4 I've been playing here since they first opened up in April I believe. It started w/ an indoor tournement for my 7 year old. Then they had a free introductory season offer for adults. Just pay the $25 yearly membership fee (insurance) and try a free season. Well, why not?  We haven't looked back since! (been playing consecutive season)  Pros: Clear Glass walls from top to bottom - (not wood on the bottom half, like a hockey rink). You can really see the action and sometimes amazing foot work! Ample spectator seating - there's an upper viewing area where you can get a bird's eye view, great for video taping the match. Super Kid friendly - our kids can run around and we can pretty much see them from any vantage point since the field walls are glass. Modern and nice looking Well lit Friendly staff Competitive but not all out crazy, you can't slide tackle (for safety sake) Friendly environement among teams - the staff tries to create matchups based on skill level. Different leagues available, Co-ed, mens', ladies only etc., Super clean and nice bathrooms! Tables to do homework and eat. A Lounge area w/ comfortable couches to watch - soccer!  Cons: Problem with parking across the street, they'll tow you. There should be a giant sign as you enter the complex, warning people of this. Lil Kickers should be more organized with an itinerary of what will be learned. A skill schedule would be nice.  They also have Lacrosse and Flag Football here!  To sum it up - you've got to check it out!
5 I have been coming here for the last couple months to watch my daughter play indoor soccer. It has been very nice, they have a lot of room, it's well lit, & lots of seating. We have really enjoyed this place as well as my daughter. The only complaint I would have is they need to clean the glass around the fields more often.
4 My husband has played at all of the indoor centers in town and this is by far our favorite. It's a new facility and a great location.  The one in Summerlin was WAY too hot.  I was only observing from the sidelines and would be drenched in sweat from the heat.  (This one is always cool inside)  Big league dreams charges an entrance fee just for WATCHING!!  Anyway, this one is worth checking out.
3 Compared to the Summerlin Indoor, this is 10 x better! This place seems to have a lot more ventilation, players don't act like they are playing for the World Cup injuring others, the staff is decent and location is not bad.
4 Two great fields to view games.  Plastic walls to watch all the actions.  Upstairs viewing is excellent.    Chairs and tables around the complex make for enjoyable viewing.  Couches and big screen television area is very comfortable and friendly.  Love the snack bar and the vending machine options.   Staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  I appreciate they are connected to outdoor soccer and soccer throughout the Vegas Valley.   Referee need some training.  Website is a little clunky but fine.  Prices are reasonable.    They do not guard the door for outside drinks and food coming into their business.  A breath of fresh air.  Only down side in the summer is they do not manage heat well.  It is uncomfortably warm.    Solid business and location is excellent.    Hope they expand to Henderson along Horizon Ridge and Eastern.
4 Thank you for having a nice place for the kids to play soccer!  The coaches are engaged with the kids and are very active.  Our 3 1/2 year old daughter learns to listen to Coach; play well with others; listen to detailed instructions; dribble down the field; and to have a lot of fun.  I'm looking forward to watching her develop the age appropriate skills as she advances in each class and hope that she continues enjoying the game for years.  It's a great program and an awesome alternative to scorching heat and blustery winds outside.
1 By far the worst place to take your kids. This was our first season of indoor. Coach NEVER showed up for practices. And came running in late to every game. Games where always running late and with there email system. They never bothered to tell anyone they were running 2 hours behind!  My son played against kids that were 2 yrs older than him! Other games were club teams. He's never played indoor!Any complaint was directed to the kids working there. All they want is your money and they are getting it! DO NOT GO!
1 The complex in nice at first, but when you look around there is trash all over and being a player on the field there is spite all over. After many times of complaining they just told me that there is not much they can do about it. The management running the leagues are very unprofessional and don't take any complaints serious. Ali, a manager, is a joke. He is the first one to collect your money and the first one to not care about your problems that you bring to him. Each time we have gone to them about concerns they just give the brush off. The only time they show any interest is when you have to pay the team fees. Which go up $50 every season.  I was thinking of signing up my kids here, but I just feel it is not a safe environment for them to play in. The things they allow to go on on and off the field do not set a good example. I.E. letting the bullying on the filed get as far as physical fights on and off the field.  I am definitely not coming back here and don't recommend anybody bring kids into this environment.  The staff should act like it is a business and not just a hang out for kids. What a joke!!!!
1 Signed my 3 year old up for soccer here at the Longevity Sports Center. He enjoys it a lot especially when his brother and sister participates in the activities with him. This will be his 3rd class and have 10 more to go. After this season is done for him we will not be returning. Everything and everyone here is great except for the manager Ana, who apparently is the one that runs the program. Who knew?!?! She approached my two older children to ask a question (who are so well behaved btw) with such rudeness and dis respect. And when I approach her to see what the issue was she got really defensive. We will not be signing up again nor will we recommend this place to our family and friends as long as Ana is manager and running this program! She shouldn't be talking to kids the way she did especially if they aren't making any trouble! Horrible management!
