5 I have tried other tattoo removal places and this one is by far the best.  Erased has a state of the art, powerful laser machine compared to other the other place I went to.  After only one session, I can see a lot of my tattoo fading, even some spots where I can see my skin color again!  They are so nice, professional, and very knowledgeable.  I will definitely return for more sessions until my tattoo is gone!
5 First time at Erased, but not first time having my tat lasered.  Came here because I got a groupon, really wish I had started my tattoo removal journey here. Thomas is really nice and professional.  Very clean office.  Will return for the rest of my sessions and also recommend Erased Laser Tattoo Removal to anyone who is looking to get a tat removed.
5 So painful, but it REALLY works!! After just one session, ALL the shading was gone and just a faded outline was left. Luckily it goes quick because it hurts. But WOW it works well... And fast... I posted pics- I have the stupid cat with wings! Look at the difference with just one treatment!
5 I just finished getting my 2nd session of laser tattoo removal here and so far, I'm thrilled! The office is really clean, which I appreciate. The technician is friendly and professional. After just one session, I had chunks of the tattoo already gone. I can see already that this 2nd session got it really good. I think 5 sessions will probably be all I need. Most of all, this place is affordable!! I highly recommend going here for affordable, effective laser tattoo removal.
4 I think that first review was pretty harsh. The dude there does know quite a bit about laser tattoo removal, he worked in a shop in another town before moving here and starting up his own business.  The shop is very clean and the furniture is modern the walls are white i instantly felt at ease. This place isn't sketchy or dirty. He cares about his business and answered all my questions. Like how even though Ill probably be completely healed in the next 1-2 weeks, I have to wait 6-8 weeks before coming back because the ink continues to work itself out over that period! weird!  The procedure itself, though a painful, is so fast, literally less then five minutes to zap my entire 6" square area and if I hadn't needed to take 10 second breathers here and there it would have been faster.  He also applied a cold pack to the area before we began to help numb the area. I appreciate that.    He does use different attachments for zapping different colors, and black was the worst. When he zapped my green area, it didn't hurt at all. I'm told green, yellow and white are the hardest to remove, however Im not going for full removal, I just need to lighten it a bit for a cover up.   It was my first experience with laser tattoo removal, I had a groupon for 2 sessions for $100. I can't afford the regular price, so Im hoping to try another place out via a groupon if one pops up for the purposes of scientific comparison, and for you, the review readers. Im only here to yelp.   So for now Im giving it 4 stars, but I will update it when I have another shop to compare it to.
5 I've been to Erased three times now. Time for my review and I'll post some before and after pics. I echo previous reviews in the location being clean and nice. Erased uses the NaturaLase QS 2J laser which is state of the art. Contrary to popular belief, It doesn't hurt as bad as you would think. The technology has come a long way thankfully. I had a black tattoo removed many many years ago and that was full blown torture... and that was WITH numbing cream and I have a high pain tolerance. Couldn't imagine it without that cream... Geez! The doctor had to physically hold my foot down and it took everything within me to not kick that doctor in the face it hurt so bad! And you could smell your skin burning in the room. It was downright awful! I'm so appreciative of the fact that the tattoo removal experience is not like that anymore because to be honest, I don't know if I could do it again. Certain ink colors hurt worse than others and if the tattoo is near a bone or on a sensitive area, you might feel more pain but it's over so fast, it won't even phase you. If you could handle getting the tattoo in the first place, you can definitely handle the removal process so don't be a puss people! If you want to get it done, do it! And better yet, do it at Erased!  I'm saying goodbye to "the only tattoo that mom's like" (Tigger & Winnie the Pooh) along with a daisy with a peace sign in the middle on my butt and a daisy on my toe (the friendship tattoo curse). Sayonara to all these mistakes! I'm not regretting this decision one bit. I promise to post pics of my progress along the way for all to see.
5 I paid 1000$ for six sessions at another tattoo removal facility and received mediocre results. After only two sessions at Erased I have seen tremendous results! Pricing is way more reasonable than other places as well! Second tattoo will be removed in the fall!
5 Had my first session today.  Came here on a Groupon.  First time getting a tattoo removed.  I was very surprised that it was fast and the pain wasn't bad!  Place was easy to find and very clean and professional.  Three more sessions to go.  I'm really looking forward to the final result.
5 I am so glad yelp has helped me find this place. I got to admit I was very skeptical with tattoo removal before coming to Erased.   I visited numerous places in town to get prices and idea on how tattoo removal worked. Then on my last stop I went to Erased, I met Thomas and I got to see tattoos on his body that were removed and some in the process of being removed. I was impressed and started my treatment that day.   Now after 3 treatments my tattoo is nearly gone, he has been a life saver and this will definitely make my life alot easier not having to always wear makeup to cover it. I think after one more treatment this tattoo will be completed gone and not a trace of anything to remind me of my past.   I definitely recommend this place and will be sending ally friends here!  Thanks Thomas!
5 I have been to 2 other places in Las Vegas for tattoo removal and none compare to Erased Tattoo Removal. Tom has been a life saver! His prices and quality of work surpass 5 stars in my book. He has lasered 6 of my tattoos so far and I am going back Saturday for him to laser my 7th tattoo. Just after 1 session I have seen significant fading in all 6 tattoos! At Erased Tattoo not only is the pricing and quality of work phenomenal, but the discomfort of tattoo removal is reduced. The two other places I went to caused me excruciating pain, but at Erased Tattoo Removal the discomfort is minimal, practically non-exsistent. If you are looking for a tattoo removal company where you want results at a rate you can afford, look no further! Erased Tattoo Removal is your place!
5 I found this place through yelp.  Seems to be pretty busy guy, and I can see why.  The laser is a bit painful but I saw progress even after the first session and more so after the 2nd.  I have a little ways to go, and he is honest about what he thinks you'll need.  A man and his laser.  Gets you in and out quickly. And because he's efficient he can pass the savings onto you.
5 It took us a little longer than expected to find it. but thats because we live across town from its location.  Once we arrived we we're seen without waiting! just had to fill out some basic info. but thats normal.  the room for the actual treatment was very very clean! the whole process was as painless as possible. the laser part sucked a lot, but past that everything was great!!!  I would absolutely recommend erased to anyone looking to have a tattoo removed.
3 While I'm still happy with the results that I received here please be cautious when you're getting your tattoo removed. This laser /technique burnt my skin and now I have permanent scarring and discoloration due to tattoo removal. It has been several months since my last session because I am waiting for the scarring/discoloration to fade. Start slow and talk to the technician regarding how your skin responds to the treatment.
5 Recieved my first treatment yesterday.  It hurt but the pain went away within an hour and I was good to go.  Saw results that I had hoped for on day one.  The owner operator was very professional and made me feel comfortable.  The actual removal of a pretty good sized piece was only 3 minutes.  Its scary getting something like this done but that atmosphere was right.  He was kind and confident in his job.  I recommend going here if you want to get ink removed.
4 So I have a tattoo on my right ankle, well it looks more like a bruise at this point. I have had roughly 14 treatments on it over the years. So when I saw a groupon for tattoo removal I said why not? The guy here is a real pro, he was fast (that is a good thing trust me) and really professional. In about 8 weeks I will be back for a second round. Does it hurt? Hello, it hurts every time I have it worked on.. LOL but soon it will be all gone.. It is in an office park and it is very clean and professional. I was in and out in about 15 min.
1 I don't understand how everyone is giving him 5 stars (unless he's the only one they've been to). I did 4 sessions with him and my tattoo didn't fade one bit. I've been to another lady twice and it was amazing how much it faded. But I bought a groupon for this place for 4 sessions. This first time I asked "that's it?" He went over my tattoo but it was like a kid scribbling on paper, I'm used to my lady going over each line of ink carefully. My tat didn't scab with him or anything. The last 3 sessions I asked him to be more aggressive but he didn't. I kept telling myself he was just trying to get a feel of my skin but, from the first session to the last, it didn't fade one bit. Maybe it's because I had a groupon?  If so then that's not cool, he's wasting everyone's time and money. Sorry for the negative review.
