5 I just switched my daughter From a different studio to this one, and we couldn't be happier! Ms. Lori and Ms.Helen are awesome! The front desk staff is always very kind as well! My daughter Absolutely loves The 4-5 year-old combo class she goes to on Mondays and the four-year-old ballet class she goes to on Tuesdays. I definitely recommend this studio!
5 My daughter goes to this dance studio for a combo class (tap, ballet, and tumbling). She is 2.5 & they have classes that start at 2 (mommy & me) and all the way up to however old you are, reading this review. Her teacher is Helen and she's an amazing teacher that knows how to manage 12 toddlers running around in tutus. The cost is $55/month unless you sign up for EFT, which is then $50/month (good deal). The waiting area is set up with a big TV to watch the kids from so they don't get distracted & is a very big, clean space. For their annual recital, they have costumes that can range anywhere from $75 - $125 which are admittedly a bit pricey on top of tap, ballet, leotards, and monthly payments, but it should be worth it come their June recital. I have a ton of friends with kids that go here and all of us love it. Definitely check it out!  Another bonus: the Dance Shoppe is right next door in case you need to pick something up last minute.
2 My daughter has been enrolled here for 4 months in the ballet pre-1 class.  I wish I could score higher with the stars on behalf of her instructor and the availability of classes, but the studio is dirty.  The floors in the waiting area have probably never been mopped, nothing is dusted or wiped down.  The girls restroom/dressing room is always dirty.  The cubbies are dusty and breaking, the carpeted part is never vacuumed, and the hard floor is NEVER mopped.  Considering this is a place that our children are sitting on with bare bums as they change, it should be as sanitary as a hospital restroom.  Also the air system has been "broken" ever since we've been coming here.   With summertime coming soon I dread the one hour wait in the PACKED waiting area. I asked the front desk girl for an email address to address the cleanliness issues and she wouldn't give me one, stating that "she doesn't know it because it just changed, and she would relay a message".  My daughter is still attending class here only because she has put forth a lot of effort in the past few months and I would like her to show off her hard work in the recital in June.   Again, the instructor(s) (Ms. Angela) and the classes offered are great!  Unfortunately if the cleanliness of the studio does not improve we will not return and surely not recommend the school to anyone.
5 Let me start off by saying that I am shocked that there are only three other reviews!   My LO (little one) started coming here during the summer season of this year and we love it. She started out with the combo classes on Saturday with miss Helen. The class breaks down into three categories: ballet, tap, and tumble. This class was an awesome way to introduce dance to my LO. We both enjoyed the class, but after a month I thought I would be more specific about her classes.  Once the fall season started we went for Pre Ballet and Broadway Babies. Ballet is obviously focused on ballet lol, while broadway babies is about tap, expression, and singing. Going off of my four year old I would have to say both classes are awesome. The teachers may have 6 kids in a class, but they know how to give attention to each and every child.  I will say though I had to switch my daughter from Saturday Pre ballet to a Tuesday class. It just gets pretty packed in the school on Saturdays and honestly it gets a little tight in there. Otherwise we are very happy with the school and teachers!!   Oh and before I forget I just wanted to mention the girls who work at the front desk. One word: friendly! When I was registering my daughter for the first time they were so helpful over the phone! Not once did they get annoyed with my questions and they helped me every step of the way!
4 My sons first class today was with Alex and they were learning hip hop.  Before the class my son cried and told me I ruined his life.  However, after an hour in the class he came out all smiles and told me he actually liked it.  Kudos to the dance instructor because they make or break the experience.  I'm glad he like his first class we will return.  The only thing is the space is a little cramped and they have a smal window for observing your kid and they also need more seats.
2 ok so before writing this review I wanted to write to someone straight from the school but was unable to find a contact name/email so here I go.....ok initially when I signed my daughter up, had no problems, she loved the class, staff is great but months into it I start noticing a few things I did not like.  It seems to me like her class was not getting recognition like the other classes, Its almost like who cares about these kids or this class, they dont compete so who cares.  Mind you its 5-7 yr olds.  now  the recital approaches, every single class has a parent volunteer in their room, our class has no one,   these poor kids have no volunteer no guidance what so ever, their teacher is no where to be found, the teacher wasnt there on rehearsal day either, Every single instagram picture is of every other performance and none of our class.  Its just annoying coming from a parents stand point.  Our kids in this class might not compete but lets not treat them like as if they are nothing and do not exist, Im sorry its just wrong on so many levels and very sad to say the least.  Im going to try this school out one more year in hopes next year I have a better experience, Lets see.
