5 Best Burgers in Waterloo. One of the more popular restaurants in Uptown, there is often a long waiting list at the dinner time hours. The burgers are worth the wait however.
3 So I've decided to try this place with my dad after hearing some good stuff from my Ottawa friends. First thing I realized was the "works" design. Feels like a construction alley once you enter...  The menu was long...like really long. They have burgers of every single kind available. The servers will ask if you want the beef (or whatever meat you choose if any) well done or "with a little bit of pink in it", so it shows they do care about how you want the patty to be done. If you're confused about the menu the servers do an excellent job in assisting you.  The wait for the burger was about 15-20 minutes, so we ordered some onion rings beforehand...they were HUGE! Comes with two sauces, in which we picked smoked BBQ and sweet/sour. The sweet/sour was better than the BBQ sauce IMO, it was too old fashioned for my liking.  The burger itself...the ingredients were good...but the beef itself lacked taste. Maybe it's the reason why the server warned beforehand if I wanted well done or "a little bit of pink in it".  Considering our total bill came to $45 (even after a $2 deduction as my dad didn't take a side), I didn't feel I got exactly that I expected. It is better than the typical burger joints, though I feel it's only just as good as Hero Burgers, which is cheaper.
4 I never heard of this place before but I drive past it every day after work and after seeing the line-up out the door day after day I decided I need to try it. I love the construction zone decor it feels really modern and fun. The menu I had to say was by far the biggest upset, once you familiarize yourself with it, it can be somewhat inspiring but for the first 10 minutes or so you just can't help but squint at it, like...huh? It's tiny font on kraft paper and there is about 100 different burger options (not exaggerating at all) and you really don't wait to take too long deciding as they explain while ordering that the burgers can take up to 30 minutes as they make everything from scratch and want them cooked to the perfect temperature. I had a chicken burger and my date had a hamburger and I tried them both and they were both Amazing! I would highly recommend, just don't go no an empty stomach cause it does take a while to get your meal..fortunately they have few good looking appetizers that I think I will be trying next time.
2 Had heard good things about their London location. Went here for lunch with a friend.   The menu is entirely overwhelming. Once I ordered, we waited well over half an hour for the food to show up.  They gave me a whole wheat bun when I had told them white. Not a huge deal for me, but the bun itself was super stale. Definitely a day old store-bought piece of garbage.  The meat wasn't great. For almost $14, a burger should be one of the best things you've ever tasted. This wasn't even close.  I might go back and give it another chance if friends happen to be meeting there or something, but I won't be going out of my way to go back.
5 The food was as filling as you would hope a burger should be :)
4 Service:  We were greeted very kindly and all the waitresses were kind and welcoming. Overall service was great throughout our time there. Burgers took ~30 mins to arrive.  Food:  I had a turkey burger: one of the best tasting burgers ive ever  had. For sides, we had sweet potato fries which were tasty but not too mouth watering, and a type of potato chip I had not heard of before. It was a new taste to me which I was unsure about, although it was greasy and very salty.   Decor:  very nice restaurant, great place for family, friends and dates. I found the "dumping site" washrooms and the measuring cups quite amusing.   Overall, I really recommend this place. It is a little on the pricey side, but you're paying for good service and a delicious burger.
3 The Works is delicious, but so expensive.. Almost too expensive for what you're getting. Although iIve been here multiple times, i feel bad after spending $70 on two burgers and a pitcher of beer. I always get the Portebello burger with the BBM toppings. Its so freakin' good. I've never had a problem with the service and the menu is pretty extensive. I can't say anything bad about The Works. I would come here more often if the prices weren't so high.
3 Ah The Works! I want to love this place so much but unfortunately I only like it. The concept is pretty simple: BURGERS! I personally love burgers and this place will give you a well prepared one with a diverse selection of different pre-selected topping configurations. The food here is always good and they serve AMAZING milk shakes. If you're a vegetarian I've heard their mushroom cap burgers are great as well. Additionally the aesthetic is really fun and appealing with a garage door window that can be rolled up in the summer to enjoy outdoor style dining indoors.   Now for the things I don't like about this place. Although service is usually good every time I've ate here the food takes FOREVER to come out! On top of this for a place that specializes in burgers I'd like to see more selection than just beef, chicken, veggie and ELK! Like seriously who wants to pay almost $4 more just to try elk? I'd love to see something like lamb added to the menu which I find makes the best burgers and is probably much more affordable than elk. Additionally the price point for these burgers is rather high considering they're just good and not great. Finally I hate the menu; the layout is terrible and difficult to read with way too many selections with none being exceptionally appealing.   Overall this place is close to the mark but doesn't quite make it, if you want a decent burger come on out and give it a shot but I wouldn't make myself a regular here.
2 I had heard a lot of great things about this place and I am a fan of gourmet burger joints so I was excited to try it out- it do not live up to the hype.  We had two coupons for 8 oz. milkshakes which turned out are children's size but the staff was very friendly and let us combine to make a 16 oz. shake.  We got the Beat your Meat burger and Not Yo Burger and while both looked impressive they were simply mediocre.  The Beat Your Meat was drenched in BBQ sauce and my nacho cheese sauce was cold.  Overall it cost around $70 for two burgers, onion rings and 3 alcoholic beverages which was not great value compared to other places. Most likely will not return.
4 I was told by my roommates that when they opened in the summer this was the place to be so I had high expectations on my first visit. I was amazed at how big and savoury the burger was. I was so pleased that I didnt mind paying the pricey 15 dollars this time. After tried all the different types of patties and kinds of burgers I realized its pretty expensive.
5 This place is great. My favourite burger place in town. The selection of what you can get is very large and some of the selections can get a little strange but well worth a try if your adventurous. The tower of rings is great especially with the beach house sauce. My wife tells me the milk shakes are great also though I haven't personally tried them.  I try to get here at least once a month to fill my craving. Glad they opened a shop in Waterloo.
3 The Work's is a fun little place to check out and has great atmosphere but if you are just interested in getting a great burger this may not be the best option.   They have a massive selection of burgers with a ridiculous amount of variety but the only issue is the burger patty itself, arguably the most important piece of the puzzle, is bland and forgettable. They do offer a number of different party options some of which I have not tried but I can vouch for the standard beef patty and can say that I have had frozen beef patty's from the grocery store with more flavour.   They offer a number of interesting side options apart from the standard fries, including homemade chips, onion rings and even steamed broccoli.  They have a very steampunk\industrial inspired theme, with copper pipes on the walls, food served on metal trays, jars for glasses etc. So once again its an interesting place to check out for a cool experience, but definitely not a staple in your life for great food.
2 A friend told me about this place, and how it was the best burger place in Waterloo. He oversold it. I had the deep fried bacon with bacon mayo as an appetizer and the Dead Ringer burger.   The deep fried bacon was really overdone. The coating on the bacon was really airy and flakey, although really crispy. Apparently it wasn't supposed to be like that, so I'm definitely disappointed with the consistency of the restaurant. The bacon mayo didn't add much to the deep fried bacon. As for the burger, it was also a letdown. It consisted of a fried onion ring with smoked brisket and BBQ sauce. I decided to get an elk patty as well. The burger was on the dry side. The patty was slightly overcooked there definitely wasn't enough BBQ sauce. I also didn't get much gaminess from the elk. Since it was my first time having elk, I'm unsure if it was supposed to taste as it did, but I felt in this case, a regular beef patty would have sufficed.  It would have been nice to get a more well executed version of the dishes. I'm sure it would have been better. But because of the consistency of food I got this time, I'm not sure I'll return. We'll see how it goes...
4 Really impressed with my experience here this week. The service was good, the servers were friendly, the kitchen took good precautions for my allergies, and the food was delicious! I had "The Hipster", which was caramelized onions, avocado, and harvarti on an elk patty. A lot of the times burgers at restaurants are dry and overcooked, so I was pleasantly surprised at how juicy my burger was. My boyfriend had the "Smokey Mountain" with a cheese stuffed beef patty and loved it as well.
3 Burgers are sized for a light meal.  Not impressed by quantity or flavor for price. I was visiting from the states where such a restaurant would not survive.      I guess, if you have the right decor and menu that makes the establishment look legit how can the burgers be nothing but superb.  They aren't so save your money and go to burrito boys.     There is a red robin in Niagara where you can try the quality at a chain restaurant and compare it to this joint.
5 I don't really understand the bad reviews this place is getting. The fact that it almost always is packed and people line up at the door to get a table, should say two things: either that Waterloo desperately needs more burger joints or that this place is really good. I guess both theories hold water.  We've tried burgers in Florida and in Michigan and none of the places we visited there come close in taste to The Works. The burger tastes amazing and what I found very appealing, the salt is kept to a minimum, really enhancing the meat flavour. They cook it right, serve it right and with tons of toping combinations, you can't go wrong.  Ordered the tower of rings as an appetizer too. Really good. The only downside, prices are high. $10 for onion rings is too much and all the burgers are at least $12 and additional toppings cost a few dollars each. Two burgers, a beer and onion rings set us back $60 with tip.  As another person mentioned, this isn't a place where you become a regular, but I might add, it is a place where you can get your burger fix and feel good afterwards.
3 This location is always busy.  We had a late lunch on a cold blustery April afternoon and the restaurant was almost full.  Can't imagine how long the lines would be during regular lunch and dinner hours.  We ordered the OLIVE OYL and SWEET RIDE.  Service was a bit slow but wait staff were attentive.  Food was excellent.  The salad (they call it weeds) was especially good.  We now know where to come for some good burgers.
3 I had the three ring binder burger since I love onion rings but didn't want to order the actual onion rings appetizer because that was too much to consume. The burger was alright but could be better. I liked the pyrex style cups since it had a novelty factor but that's it.
