4 What Can I say about Crepe Bar?  Well, I know one thing, I'm a huge fan of Chef Jeff Krauss and Crepe Bar's former incarnation, "Truckin Good Food" and have high hopes for the success of his newest venture.  The space is chill and if the experience at the friends and family pre-opening this weekend is any indication of the quality of the food and service, i'm betting they will be hugely successful.  My first bites included a buckwheat blini with candied almond mousse and strawberry basil, refreshing, light and tasty.  A yogurt parfait with lemon cream, dressed berries, spelt & pistachio fragments and my choice for "favorite of the day" a "breakfast burrito" in the form of a smoked chili crêpe with bacon egg & jack topped with avocado salsa.   All were worthy of note and I'll be back with a full write-up and pictures in the next few days after i've had an opportunity to have full portions of the menu items.
4 This place makes a mean breakfast "burrito".  It's actually made from a crepe instead of a tortilla ( go figure ).  I ordered it without bacon which would have probably made it even better.  The crepe was light and airy stuffed full of eggs, mexican cheese, and avocado, and fresh salsa.  If you are near by for breakfast stop and get one.  I had a very good Iced Mocha to wash it down.  So good food and coffee seems like a winner to me.  The cashier was very friendly and they had no problem with my substitution which is always nice.   Try: - Breakfast burrito - Mocha
5 Delicious gourmet crepes. Friendly staff. Awesome environment. Price is right. Eat here, it's good.
5 Wow.  We have enjoyed this place when it was mobile, mainly at the Scottsdale Farmer's Mkt. But it appears that when the wheels fell off the truck, rather than calling triple AAA, they simply set up shop with some bricks and a lil' mortar.  The nutella-banana crepe was as good as I remember, but the star was the breakfast burrito!  This burrito is now the benchmark as to which all breakfast burritos will be compared.  The crepe takes the place of the ol' flour tortilla, and boy, what an upgrade! The crepe was super delicious on its own, but then when you add fluffy eggums and mexican cheese and whatnot, man, I wanted to order a second one...   Also, the latte's were delightful!  We are sure to be back :)
4 Dude - I waited and waited for this place to open.  I always wanted to hit their food truck, but I was either too lazy or my timing sucked, so when I heard they were opening a non-mobile version I was pumped.    DE-LISH, however my group ordered ALL of their sweet offerings at once - don't do this.  I saw the breakfast burrito at another table and immediately licked my chops in salty envy.  This is not to say their candied crepes weren't good; they fucking rocked - just make sure you mix it up.  There coffee was bisn'nly caffeinated, I was higher than ... well you know the rest.  Get jo' ass here and eat the num nums.
5 Drove all the way down from Anthem to try Chef Jeff's new place. Boy was it worth the trip. The food was delicious. We had both the savory and sweet crepes and each one had its own special something that made it great. The crepes themselves are really flavorful and have a great chewy bite to them. And the fillings are all top notch ingredients with Chef Jeff's signature dedication to amazing flavor combinations. I will definitely be back.
5 To paraphrase Hamlet, "Get thee to the Crêpe Bar!"  I've been a fan of Jeff's since the days of the truck, but he's brought crepes to a whole new level here. They're simply delicious, bursting with flavor, and perfectly prepared. I had the grilled chicken with onions, cheddar, arugula, and an herb sauce that complimented everything perfectly. Finished with a dash of pesto and a touch of sea salt, you really couldn't ask for more.  I had to razz Jeff a bit about the lack of duck-fat frites, but he told me that was owing to the lack of a hood in their kitchen and that he was hoping to experiment a bit with his oven.  Either way, the price is right, the crepes are absolutely BRILLIANT, and Jeff & co. are just lovely people to visit.  Do yourself a favor and have a lovely crepe lunch or dessert. They're really stick-with-you fantastic.
4 Very nice place with a great concept in Tempe, AZ.  All I want to know is.......Where are the duck fat fries?
4 Solid transition from Awesome Truck to Easier-To-Find restaurant.  Had the Papa K, which is a buttery crêpe with arugula, ham, cheese, and chunky grilled mushrooms.  Totally delicious.   Daughter had the Smoked Turkey, which was more of a "wrapped crêpe" and was very good, but not on par with the Papa K, IMHO.  Anxiously awaiting the duck-fat fries to be offered......:)  Give these nice people and their super-duper crêpes a try - the taste will assure that you won't regret stopping by.
5 I never really understood what the big deal was with crepes, but the Crepe Bar made a believer out of me.   The menu is basic, but that simplicity also makes it classic. There are three sweet crepes - nutella and bananas, cream and berries, and a house special of crème brulee. The savory crepes include a burrito and a few others (sorry, can't remember!). Husband and I ordered two berry crepes and a vanilla latte. As we waited for our food, we watched the burrito go by and decided we'd have to come back and give that a try - it looked delicious and enough to split. My latte arrived in a black ceramic cup with a foam heart on top, delivered by a smiling employee. First sip - heavenly. (One of the better lattes I've had recently and I'm a coffee snob.) Quickly our crepes followed, looking beautiful on pristine, white plates. There were strawberries, blueberries, and blackberries dancing over sweet cream with a singular crepe rolled up and sliced into rolls - might have looked skimpy, but definitely filling. Husband requested caramel be drizzled over his, adding a sweeter taste to his crepe. Crepe was light and airy, no crispy edges and just sweet enough. The cream and berries were definitely fresh.  The location is a bit hard to find and for us the drive takes 30 minutes with no traffic. Committing to that kind of drive time just to get some breakfast food, it's gotta be good, right? Damn straight. The inside is a bit sparse, I don't remember any wall art, but there are plenty of tables and chairs. On the steel counter top, instead of a regular cash register, they use an iPad - which gives them cool techie cred. You can also see the chef at work, which is nice to see where the food comes from.   Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to take your date, relatives, friends, maybe even strangers - just gather them all up and prepare for deliciousness.
5 I love the Crepe Bar. We were waiting for them to open and when they did they did NOT disappoint! I have gotten the vanilla custard crepes every time I have gone, and an iced vanilla latte every time, and it's a perfect combo for any vanilla fans out there. Their coffee is good and strong and not bitter and their crepes are soft and caramelized on top. I submitted a few photos and one of mine was the main one for a while, so you can see exactly what the food looks like. I will definitely be going back! It has been a weekly jaunt for my breakfast crew ^_^
5 I love love love this place.  The coffee is out of this world as is all of the menu!  I want to go sit with my laptop and hang out there soon- great ambiance.  How lucky are we in Tempe that they moved in?
5 My review play by play style:   Came in and was greeted by the staff. Started looking at the menu and decided on a Papa K (spinach, mushroom, ham, pepper jack) and an iced mocha. Paying using Square Pay on the iPad being used as a register is awesome, screw the credit card companies.   As I sit here waiting for my crepe I can only think that if the food is as awesome as the service my mouth is in for a treat. Everybody is helpful, friendly and enthusiastic. The owner is out talking to everyone and letting us know he appreciates us coming in, something I love seeing business owners do.  For my mocha pretty quick and it is really good. I am not a huge coffee fan and don't order them often but this one is good. Maybe it's a bit extra chocolate making me happy but it works. Not to mention its not all ice like Starbucks is.   Holy flavor explosion in my mouth that is tasty. Just got the crepe (maybe 5 minutes wait if that) and took a bite. That is great. I got a first bite full of flavor and the edge of the crepe with a little but of just crispy cheese oozing out. This thing is also a big crepe and stuffed to the max. All the flavors go great and the pepper jack is spicy but not over powering the spinach and mushroom.   The flavors work very well together and it's  fantastic. The crepe itself is just right and takes me back to being in Paris. The crepe is the right density to be filling but not heavy, and light but still be filling.  The density is the biggest problem I have seen with crepes outside of France.   This thing is packed full and filling me up quick. My stomach is saying stop but my taste buds and brain are screaming for another bite. The saltiness of the ham is addictive with smoky flavor.   Ok finished the crepe and totally filled, amazing considering how hungry I was. Pretty quickly the staff sees I am done and  clears the table for me while I finish mocha and this review.   Final thoughts this place is great and I cant wait to come back and try the other crepes. Oh crap I see a strawberry topped one next to me, I need to get out of here before I order a desert.
5 These were seriously the best crepes I have ever eaten. The staff was super friendly and gave us some complimentary (and incredibly delicious) homemade granola while we waited for our breakfast. It's refreshing to have a unique place like this in south Tempe.
5 I just had the best brunch of all time...  I knew of Crepe bar food truck so imagine my delight when I was checking out hot new businesses on Yelp and saw they had opened a store front just a few miles from me! So I high-tailed it over there asap.  They did not disappoint! We were greeted as soon as we walked in. Everyone is friendly and enthusiastic. They asked if it was our 1st time in and explained a bit about the menu and how to order etc. We got the custard with berries and the breakfast burrito, a cappuccino and a pomogranate green iced tea.  I was delighted to see the square pay and iPad they use. It's so easy and efficient. And to me a sign of a modern efficient business.  As we were waiting for our food our server chatted with us a bit, she was great with my kids! We just loved her warm friendly personality.   Then our drinks came out. Heaven. My cappuccino was smooth and rich. I saw on the sign they use Ecco coffee...score! One of the best local coffee guys hands down. My husband got the pom green tea which also was delicious.  Our food came out next. It was beautiful. The breakfast burrito was huge. Bold flavors. Just delicious. My kids scarfed down the custard and berries so fast I was lucky I even got a bite. Those crepes were SO good that we went for another! This time we got the "first time" - banana and nutella. Classic and very good. I loved the brulee on top, kind of gave it a roasted marshmellow flavor and texture. Oh my stars it was so good.  While we were stuffing our faces, the owner came over and introduced himself and thanked us for coming in. I LOVE that. Then we had a nice little chat. It was great! We really felt like valued customers and I'm so appreciative of that.  No question, I will be back. A lot. This place is only 1 mile from my kids school. Awesome!
5 you have to go here!!!!!! amazing food and good atmosphere. The food is made with such care and good quality. Its so hard to find a place like this.
4 "Crêpe Bar. Go time."  "I looked at the menu again last night." "I've looked at it 36 times this week. Their FB menu link went live." And so we were off - mom, lil sister and I - hungry, hyped, and ready for all kinds of tomcrêpery (it's a word now).   The play-by-play:  Breakfast burrito (sans bacon) - egg, cheese, chipotle crepe, avocado salsa. "The best part is the crepe. I just crunched a huge piece of fleur de sel." "What? I can't hear you over the salsa-egg symphony in my mouth." "Why not everything just be crêpes?"  3 mini crêpes - spicy buffalo chicken, carrot slaw, blue cheese.  "Would have been better as a taco. The slaw needs taco." "The flavor is good, but it's all kinda mushy. It does need the crunch." "Wait... it's not one of each kind of those crêpes?"  Griddled chicken crêpe (sans everything) - chicken, cheese, crepe. "Dude, you ordered a quesadilla." "A fancy quesadilla." "Sorry for eating all the edges... the crispy cheese and fluffy crêpe were meant to be together. In my stomach."  Vanilla custard crêpe - dressed strawberries, caramel, crêpe rolls. "There are three crêpe rolls! Perfect!" "Omg taste the brulee'd top part." "Why not everything just be vanilla bean custard? Mor custerd!"  Yogurt parfait - lemon gel, berries, spelt & pistachio granola. "This granola is salty... it's so good." "Oh, there's fruit and stuff on the bottom. Dig!" "What is this stuff? Not quite yogurt... not quite whipped cream. Lemon fluff. Mmm."  Almond milk latte + Chai tea - "What do you mean there's no decaf coffee?" "The coffee's sweet. Not intense. Not quite Village Roastery, but still good." "I am still in awe of this Chai. It's perfection."  Complementary cookies in coffee milk - "This is like Cookie Crisp for grown-ups." "I'm putting a cookie piece in the vanilla custard crêpe. Brilliant." "They should make that a thing! Cookies and cream crêpe."  TL;DR- The service is friendly and cheery, the lemon parfait was really something special, and the vanilla custard crêpe and breakfast burrito are also worth a re-eat sometime. I'm not usually a huge crêpe fan, but consider me a fan of the Crêpe Bar.
5 Too bad Yelp won't allow you to give out 10 stars.  Located in a non descript strip mall like just about everything else in Phoenix.  This place has it together. Great food, great service, friendly people. If I had to complain about anything it is that one day I can imagine that one day the place will be too small and they'll be a wait but for now it is still somewhat a hidden gem.
5 A quick comment on Laura's soda dislike - I tried the Gus Dry Cola today.  It is definitely different from classic Coke.  Made with cola bean extract, caramel, and cane syrup, it has good flavor and is less sweet.  95 calories per bottle.  Yes, it is different, but a premium product.    I had their brulee desert crepe today.  Tasty mildly sweet crepe with caramelized sugar on top.  Nice.  But, they also served some sliced strawberries, a few blueberries and some candied orange peel as a garnish.  One thing common to all the dishes I have sampled is they are a little better than I thought possible.    Strawberries taste pretty bland these days.  I use to pick strawberries at a local "you pick it" farm.  Most of the fresh red strawberries never made it into my bucket.  The days of finding great tasting strawberries that you did not personally grow are over.    At Crepe Bar, the commercial strawberries are infused with flavor by processing in a vacuum (sous vide) with simple syrup, vanilla and other spices.  Result, great tasting strawberries.   And, the blueberries were pickled.  Lots of wow factor.    Expect food that tastes a little better than you thought possible at the Crepe Bar.
5 Was looking for a place to have lunch on Yelp last week and found the Crepe Bar!  This place is fantastic! Sweet and Savory Crepes!? Unbelievable! I think the price is just right, because it is a specialty dish so I don't have any problem paying the $7 for an amazing crepe. The First Time dessert crepe is to die for, as well as the Chicken Griddle.  Be sure to try one of the Grown Up Sodas they have in the fridge. I spoke to the owner about them and he just got them and they are fantastic! (And I'm not really a soda kinda guy)  I thoroughly recommend this place to anyone, I just found it last week and have already been there twice since and have recommended it to everyone I know!
3 brought my mom here for her birthday brunch. it was delicious, but it's really expensive for what you get. also, they use an ipad to place your order and to have you pay, and the tip amounts are predetermined, starting at 18%. i'm not opposed to that, but i just placed my order at the counter and seated myself. suspish.
3 This place could be GREAT with just some minor changes, first to the atmosphere. Crepes were perfectly cooked, prices are fair, and the staff is very friendly and personable! My coffee was not made correctly but the staff was quick to offer a replacement. The atmosphere and design need a bit of attention, as I think that they are going for modern/artsy, but it comes across as a bit stark. While eating such a comfort food as crepes, I wanted more of a comfortable and welcoming surrounding, I think couches and books would be a nice touch. I would give a four star had the coffee been a bit better. I do recommend for an early morning sweet tooth!
5 Wow. We eat out for breakfast every weekend and we have tried at least 50 different breakfast spots with 15 to 20 miles of our house.  The food here is amazing. Absolutely the best quality we've experienced.  Truly delicious. I'm a bit of a coffee snob and their coffee is tops. The presentation of the food on the plates is also well done. True attention to detail. The gals who serve and clean up are cheerful and helpful as well. The decor is a bit sparse but the food and service make up for it. Highly recommended.
4 The food was unbelievable, and we got to try a few additional items because they lost/gave away our order.  We had the Breakfast Burrito and the First Time (Nutella and brûléed banana). The Breakfast Burrito is served with a spicy sea salt that pushes it into the stratosphere. The First Time is nowhere near as "desserty" as it sounds, but very well done.  Regarding our service, I have mixed emotions. On one hand, I worked in the industry for 12 years, and my wife for 6, so we understand that things happen. We waited 27 minutes (according to our check-in...) before we asked because we're super patient; also, at that point it was completely obvious something was wrong - everyone in the place but us had food. They felt bad enough that they brought us a small bowl of granola to tide us over while we waited, and cookies with milk after we were done. These were very nice gestures. Where the mixed emotions come in is the fact that the waitress over-apologized. She said she was "so sorry" about the mixup every single time she came by, probably close to 10 total - once was enough.  We will definitely be back, and I'm sure the service will be much better. I doubt the food could get any better, though.
4 Yum.   I work a mile away from here but never noticed this place, and it made my lunch rotation.     It's a simple place with a simple menu: crepes.    And they do a great job of making crepes.    The staff was friendly and laid-back.  A number of workers asked us if we were enjoying our meal.     The menu suggests that crepes are large enough to share.  Not agreeing with that statement.   The portion is more along the lines of the "Hara Hachi Bu" level (80% full in Japanese).   But there's nothing wrong with that.  The venue could fit a few more tables.   I would think they will want to because people will love this place once they try it.
5 First off, I'm not a breakfast person. I always skip breakfast spots because it all tastes the same to me. That being said...this place is amazing! I had no idea what to order, so I ordered the Nutella Crepe and the breakfast burrito crepe. The Nutella Crepe is mind blowing. The breakfast burrito is pretty good too, and I would definitely order it again. I'm pretty sure anything you order here is going be great, so check it out the first chance you get.
5 I heard about this place and it went above and beyond anything I could have imagined. Great people working, the owner Jeff is a cool cat and you can tell his love comes out in his food.   Got the breakfast crepe burrito and it was out of this world!!!  I am going to make this a regular stop!  You gotta come check it out.
5 A fantastic place for breakfast & lunch in south Tempe!  So glad you opened in my neighborhood!! Jeff, the owner, is so passionate with food, he uses high quality ingredients and make wonders with every single item on the menu! Refreshing!
4 I can't believe I'm barely writing this reviews!  This place goes down as one of those "must visit again" spots.  I really enjoyed just about every aspect of our visit here a month or so ago.    It's a small joint, well-staffed (we were very well tended to!), friendly, delicous menu, decently priced, and overall a memorable meal experience.  Hubby had the Breakfast Burrito (a crepe, actually) and though this man can eat, he couldn't even finish it.. Note however that I had a bite of it and wasn't jumping for joy like I was with mine: I had the Chicken Pesto crepe which was *outstanding*.. plenty of pesto and chicken and this delcious cheese crispyness on the edges of my crepe... my mouth was excited and anticipating the next bite!  We also split one of their sweet crepes to see how those tasted and we were not disappointed: the creme brulee crepe with fresh berries and candied fruit was impressive.. simple yet every bite was special and exciting in the mouth.  I really liked their friendliness, LOVED their crepes and appreciated their business venture.. I love supporting local businesses, especially when they make awesome food you want more and more of.  I'll definitely be back!
5 Holy Crepe...this place is amazing!    My friend and I came in and were dazzled by the friendly staff and delighted by the gourmet crepes.  She got the papa k with ham, pepper jack and mushrooms and I got the veggie stack. The expertly prepared high quality ingredients resulted in hard core multiple crepegasms.  We wrapped up our crepe escape with the vanilla bean custard crepe served with berries. They won't give it to you to go but stop crying and just eat it there - it's totally worth the 5 minutes.   I suspect the ambiance in this place is pretty cute but I was so hypnotized by what was happening in my mouth (and a hot chef) that I can't really remember much about the decor.  Even if these crepes were being served out of a dumpster I'd still be back to try everything on the menu.
5 The Papa K was excellent and the service was great.  The atmosphere, to me, feels a lot like a stationary version of a food truck. That's not a bad thing; I've had great food from trucks. Just be aware of that I'd you're expecting a fancy bistro-ish ambiance.  The menu is pretty simple: Savory vs. Sweet crepes, coffee/tea drinks, and a few other offerings. There are kids sizesI haven't had the coffee yet, but the iced chai wasn't bad at all.  I've only been here a couple of times, but I have yet to be disappointed and will most definitely be back to try the 'Sweet' side of the menu.
5 My sister heard about this place and took me while I was at home visiting. The place is decorated minimally but I think that might be part of its charm. The lab flasks with coffee beans on the table is a cute little detail we noticed. The staff were helpful and friendly, and even chatted a bit when we instigated conversation. The menu was a bit scarce, but nonetheless, I ordered a breakfast burrito and my sister got the veggie (and added chicken). I didn't try hers, but mine was amazing: I'm huge on Mexican food and breakfast burritos (I mean, what native Phoenixian isn't?) and I loved how light and fluffy the crepe was in comparison to the tough tortilla. The avocado sauce and touch of chipotle pepper was the perfect balance of light and spicy. We were also greeted with freshly made granola as an appetizer on the house, which was absolutely delicious. I had a chai tea, which was yummy, and I quite liked how they didn't carry any name brand soda products. And of course, free wi-fi is ALWAYS a plus. Love this little bar. Can't wait to come back and I'm back in town.
3 The Crepes here are quite fantastic, however the portions are small.   The prices are a bit on the high end, considering the atmosphere.  Nonetheless, the service was good and the food was tasty.
4 Met a friend for lunch today. His suggestion was a new place around the corner from office, the Crepe Bar.  I  ordered the Papa K crepe.   The crepe  was well flavored with ham and much to my surprise had a  crispy texture at the edges.  The Crepe Bar will be a welcome addition to the rotation of lunch places around the work place.
5 First time at this place and it was awesome!! Jeff the chef was super nice and his stuff is amazing, can't wait until he starts serving dinner.
5 Yum! Love this place. Friendly staff, great food. They know what they're doing here. Best crêpes in the area!
5 You know how sometimes you find a little gem of a place hiding in a blah strip mall? Crepe Bar is one of those places. You could drive by this place a million times and never notice it. But you're luck if you do, because it's really good!  The boyfriend and I went for breakfast on a Saturday. It was busy but not packed. We ordered 2 crepes to share - the breakfast burrito and a banana brulee. The crepes came out to the table pretty fast which was good because we were starving. We started with the sweet crepe. SO good. We could have easily downed a couple of these, they were that good. They had a nice sweet syrup on them that wasn't too heavy, just right, and the sliced up banana complemented the caramely flavor well.  Then we moved on to the breakfast burrito. It was a nice change change from the typical tortilla burrito. It was stuffed with eggs, bacon, cheese and an avocado salsa. It had a little bit of a kick but nothing too crazy. The eggs were nice and fluffy and the flavors all worked well together.   Between the two crepes it was plenty of food for breakfast and it came out to around $12. Can't beat it! We'll be back for more crepes soon I'm sure.
5 I discovered this gem in the East Valley by chance. I simply noticed a new sign had gone up in a neighborhood near my home that I was interested in exploring more. They hadn't actually opened yet, but I was able to find out about their soft opening after some on-line research, and dragged a roommate to the venue. This didn't give us a complete understanding of how wonderful their menu is, but we were able to sample some delicious free bites that inspired us to come back again. This was also the first time that I had been served anything in a disposable pipet, which indicated to me that the owners might be attuned to the finer details of a good dining experience.  And that's what the Crepe Bar is all about... subtle but deliberate choices on delivering a delicious meal. The crepes are perfect! There is so much more finesse and nuance to a breakfast burrito that is served wrapped in a crepe than you can imagine. They also provide a small pile of gourmet salt on the plate so that you can apply just the right  sprinkle. I urge you to try this place for breakfast sometime and see how it stacks up to your other favorites. What I like best is that the portions are not overwhelming but satisfying, the finesse and attention paid to fresh ingredients and flavors is spot-on, and it has the feel of a casual coffee shop... but with food that is truly exceptional!
5 Been here twice.. I LOVE IT.    We ordered the Papa K which was excellent.. the ham and cheese.. so savory, every bite i took in super slow.  I ordered it with a fried egg on top, which i recommend.  Also got the Turkey crepe which was even better! Flavors so good you don't want to spoil them with any kind of hot sauce or even salt and pepper!  Also their latte art is really good and cute =)
5 Delicious...thoroughly enjoyed my nutella and banana crepe.  The presentation was beautiful, the service was quick and friendly and the atmosphere is simple, but nice.  Definitely check this place out!
5 We go there every weekend morning because of its family style, friendly crew and quality food. We love it.
5 Hmm.  Just made my 6th visit to this place in the last couple months.  Needless to say, I am a fan.  The coffee and crepes are excellent - the savory turkey is a favorite.  The house made granola is killer.  They amped up the ambience recently by adding art work which makes for a nice, homey feel.  Prices are absolutely reasonable.    However, they appear to be suffering from some growing pains.  My husband and I visited last Saturday and waited 45 mins (!!) for our meal.  By the time our order came our coffee had grown cold.  When I asked for a refill I was told I'd need to get it myself ("because if I go get it, they'll charge you".)  I also ordered a bag of granola at the counter and had to remind the cashier twice before I finally received it.  The food was good, as usual, but overall the visit was frustrating.  Even the staff seemed confused.    My suggestions to the owners are simple.  Figure out your service model.  If you're offering counter service, then develop a system that lets me know when my food is ready.  An even better idea would be to hire wait staff.  I'd rather drink hot coffee with my meal and eat my desert crepe after I've completed my entree.  I'd also suggest losing the t-shirt rack near the front door.  None of the shirts said Crepe Bar (?) so it was hard to figure out what the point was.    I'll definitely be back, hoping for the best.  Good luck to the owners as they continue to work the kinks out.  UPDATE:  Last 3-4 visits were flawless so I'm upgrading to 5 stars.  Go Crepe Bar!
4 So, working right down the street from this place I've been eyeballing it for weeks, waiting for a good time to strike...  Well, that time finally came and I stopped in here for a pre-holiday lunch just a few weeks ago.  I have to brag on them, the food is utterly delicious!  I ordered the Buffalo Chicken crepe for lunch, and a First Timer (Nutella with bananas) crepe for dessert.    (Yes, dessert with lunch.  It was almost Christmas and I was treating myself...  Don't judge!)    Firstly, let me say that the buffalo chicken crepe was light and airy while the chicken was spicy and savory.  It was complemented by julienned carrots and crumbled blue cheese, which perfected it.  The First Timer dessert crepe was like a warm hazelnut and chocolate banana party wrapped in a pillowy soft crepe; amazingly good.  Second, while it all tasted fabulous, the food *was* a bit on the high price for a lunch entree, especially considering that the crepes don't come with any kind of side so really all you get for your money is a delicious crepe.  Also it was a little bit slow in coming out, but still so yummy that I'll easily forgive the wait.  (Plus, as another reviewer perfectly stated, "It's not as though they are looking to dethrone McDonald's" so keep that in mind when you are waiting for your food...  Quality takes time, right?)  I edited this to add that as far as pricing goes a miniature, mixed green salad served as a side with the savory crepes (with a simple lemon and olive oil dressing) would easily make me feel the value for the price had been leveled out and would cost very little to provide.    I don't know if my waistline or my wallet can handle visiting the Crepe Bar too frequently, but I'll definitely make it a point to come by as often as the diet and the budget will allow it!
4 Excellent crepes!  Very high quality ingredients makes it worth the price.  I had a ham and gruyere crepe and it was very good - loved the crispy cheese on the edges of the crepe. The place is cute, the service staff were all very friendly.    One thing though needs to be corrected.  When ordering my coffee (refills $0.75) I asked for milk.  I was handed a gallon jug of milk, the lid still screwed on.  I thought the girl was maybe being lazy but when I went back for a 2nd cup I was once again handed the gallon of milk.  Just wrong!
4 Very good, very fresh!    The menu is not as large as I would like, but they were able to make new things on the spot with the ingredients they have which is pretty awesome.   The staff/chef were really nice, the place was clean and the food was good.
2 Based on the fact that the wait was a bit over half and hour and the savory crepe order we chose I would give Crêpe Bar 2.5 stars the .5 is due to the complimentary banana bread offering from the chef for the wait. We really should have tried the sweet crepe options as this breakfast burrito disappointed in too many ways. Texture was poor and sloppy from the excess liquid of the pick sauce, egg and guac filling. And cheese overload that reminded me more of a soggy grilled cheese. I also prefer my crepes super thin. We didn't finish more than two or three bites and left. Perhaps we'll return to try the sweet but not sure if I'd really drive the 40 mile round trip again.
5 After our first experience there yesterday, we went back for more today!  It's really a shame that I live only a mile from this place!  We have tried the Papa K, the Roasted Chicken, Ham and Gruyere, and the First Timer (nutella and banana).  The server was passing out samples of granola today, I would definitely order this next time - a sweet and salty flavor that I wasn't expecting of housemade granola.  It has been a long time since we have liked a new restaurant so much we went back again the next day.  The chef obviously has a love for the craft of creperie and food in general.  We overheard they may be opening for dinners soon.  Can't wait for the next venture there!
5 You ever fall in love? Like 'holy shit why the fuck am I  smiling all the time' kinda love?  Well, to my 1 to 2 crazy readers, this is a confession; I'm going to be with Crepe Bar, for-evs'.  (queue Psycho shower scene)  Seriously I think I've attained regular status here. The staff give me the 'heeeey...you're back...again' look when I walk in.  Not going to lie, kinda like it (and chiggity-check all them 'check ins'!).  You know what they say about creepy, unrequited love though...it's creepy.    Not sure if I stressed this in the original review (or even mentioned it) but get the breakfast burrito.  Damn it's fine n' tasty.  Also, after you've had their coffee, you may decide to cheat on/break up with your current coffee relationship (Seattle, I'm sorry...but it's over. I love Crepe Bar now.  shhhhhh).    And Jesus-H Christ they're serving fresh baked cookies now?; I'm fucked.  Should have engagement ring all set for next Thurs (fingers crossed!).    To the naysayers and ass-bags:  If you don't approve of their 'portion size', can't appreciate these peeps love for food or don't like the fucking rad art on their walls, then hit  up a different restaurant so I can have your table (their busy as crap lately).
4 02/07/13  Finally stopped by to visit Jeff at the new place-- I was a huge fan of Truckin' Good Food.  I was hoping to make it to the restaurant after my acupuncture session, but that ran long, and by the time I arrived here, it was already closing time.  However, Jeff did not send me home, even when I said I'd be back in the area in a couple of weeks.  He asked me if I drank coffee, and I said "yes, preferably black," but I also drink cappuccinos from time to time.  He asked me if I knew what a cannelle was, I said yes, and after setting me up with a mug of drip coffee, he went into the kitchen to surprise me with something fabulous.  (If you've met Jeff Kraus, you know he always has his thinking cap on, creating recipes of great-tasting food while you and he speak!)  While I waited for this lovely surprise, I surveyed my surroundings and admired the wall art, all made by local artists.  I fell in love with the counter backsplash the moment I laid eyes on it.  (Blue is one of my favorite colors.)  I really like the energy here, and I hope to return very soon to check out their dinner menu-- the resto re-opens at 5 pm, and last seating is at 730 pm.    The cannelle tasted fantastic!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=7WOcX83WBMjpC5twU_wRcg#7WOcX83WBMjpC5twU_wRcg  The pastry was caramelized on the outside and had a lovely "done" texture, while the inside was akin to a souffle's custard-like interior.  In fact, this product made me think of a deconstructed souffle.  The cake was sweet enough by itself and didn't need the extra vanilla glaze, nor the caramel sauce, but I tried them out anyway, since Jeff was generous enough to create them for me when he and crew should've been busy closing up shop in preparation for dinner later in a few hours.  I had the opportunity to meet a nice young man, Dylan Brabec,** whom Jeff introduced as part of the genius team responsible for the lovely photos (on Crepe Bar's FB page) and videos (I could not find this on FB, sorry!) of the recent latte throwdown held at Crepe Bar.  The photos portrayed a very fun occasion, of which I wished I was there to witness in person!  Thank you for your very kind hospitality, Jeff, and I WILL be back!  :)  **You may check out the latte throwdown video, as well as Dylan's collective team's other work, at royalanddesign.com.
3 I know, this place gets so much foodie love I'm probably breaking laws to give it three stars, but...  We arrived on a Sunday morning in December. It was busy. There was not a seat to be found inside or out. Nor is there a waiting area, so get over feeling bad about hovering over someone. And there isn't a wait list, so yes, you might have to slide into a seat before someone fully vacates it. Aaaannnd there seems to be some etiquette lacking--people sitting at tables waiting for to-go orders, people camping out for hours (not really the place to do that, you selfish six top). What can I say? I like some rules, or someone in charge at the restaurant who keeps things moving along.  We waited 40 minutes for our food. I took a phonecall outside and while I was on the phone, a server walked up and asked where I was sitting. She then delivered the dessert crepe to my husband. Starving, I sat down and started in. Then someone else reappeared to tell me I was EATING SOMEONE ELSE"S FOOD. I was mortified. They brought it to me! She took it away.  10 min later our food appeared. I took a bite. It was pure bliss. I mean, just incredible. Really gourmet taste, beautifully plated. 5 star food, but I give 1 for service (slow and bad) and atmosphere (I should not have to fight for a damn table). We won't be back--the food wasn't worth the hassle and embarrassment.
5 Yay! I finally got to try this place! I pass it every day but I never have the time to sit down...  Definitely lives up to the hype. I love the build your own and my Turkey, Gruyere and Mushroom was DEElish. One crepe is not all that filling (and that's true no matter where you get a crepe) so I had room for a sweetie to finish me off--the strawberry custard crepe with chocolate was Oh-so-good...and the beautiful cup of cappuccino topped it all off. Trés Bon.  Yup, I'll be back with the hubbie next time!
4 This place was super charming. I don't always like the order first, then find seats method, but it wasn't too bad and we went on Saturday morning around 10 am. The lemon crepes were amazing though not very big. Order another dish and you're all set!
3 I have been waiting to try Crepe Bar for months now. I see it mentioned in my twitter feed all the time, and it looks so delicious. I finally stopped by there today, and my veggie crepe *looked* delicious, but the taste wasn't there.  Sadly, the best part about my veggie crepe was the parmesan on top that was baked into a crisp cracker. Without that crunch and salt, the crepe would have been an utter disappointment.  What really bummed me out about the crepe were the choice of veggies for the filling: zucchini and yellow squash. Really?! So lame and cheap! I expected Crepe Bar to focus on seasonal produce. I know they use produce from our neighborhood farm, so why do they use these ubiquitous summer veggies in a vegetarian crepe? There could be so many better alternatives this time of year. Root vegetables, winter greens, or something from the cruciferous family.  I was happy with my cappuccino, It had a very pretty leaf on top, and the taste was great. It reminded me of Cafe Grumpy in New York which is a very good thing.  I'll come back for another try at their savory crepes in hope that Crepe Bar can redeem themselves.
4 Can't believe I haven't done a review for my neighborhood Crepe Bar since I've now been there several times. I'll just give the facts:  the ambiance isn't my style, but if you like slick, clean industrial, you'll love it. service at all four visits -- friendly, but distracted and overworked.   first visit -- with daughter and friend a few days after opening. not crowded. waited some time for our crepes. my nutella banana was good but not mindblowing. daughter's crepe was "bruleed" so hard as a rock. we wrote it off to opening week.  second visit -- no fault of their own, the second time I visited the power had just gone out. actually, the power went out for a mile square radius. while waiting for power to come back on, they served us their homemade granola with almond milk. pure delight.  third visit -- went for late morning breakfast with hubby. i appreciate a good cup of coffee, but it shouldn't take 20 minutes to get it, and it not be HOT. food came another 10 minutes later, so so much for coffee with our breakfast. food was awesome though -- we had a sweet and a savory crepe.   fourth visit -- went on a Friday night for their new dinner service. came with friends. BYOB. Service is friendly, but distracted. food was incredible...burrata with tomato jam and basil oil, swiss chard pierogi with brussels sprouts salad, duck confit arancini with some crazy pesto with cocoa nibs in it, the best pork belly i ever had and some insane sous vide cheesecake thing with maple apples.   we'll keep trying for a better breakfast experience, but wow, those thursday and friday night dinners? i may go back each week!
4 Crepe Bar is one of those unassuming cafes you drive by all the time and contemplate visiting, but never have.  The exterior is a strip mall without any anchor stores to draw you in. The gas station is there for a quick fill up and reminder that you still have never been to the Crepe Bar.  The interior is Spartan with small tables and metal chairs with cushions and high tops with matching metal stools.  The cash register is an iPad, and the tip jar is a pint glass.  There is also an artful flower arrangement on the counter with birds of paradise, and a cooler with cold drinks off to the side.  Some sweet treats beckon customers from the counter.  There also appears to be a rack with shirts near the entrance for sale.  The menu is also Spartan with a small variety of breakfast, lunch, and desert crepes.  There seem to be as many coffee and tea drinks as crepes, although you can also build your own crepe.  At lunch time on Friday and the place was busy.  I ordered the buffalo chicken.  It was good.  I'll have to try one of the desert crepes.
3 Hmph.   We went to Crepe Bar on Sunday for breakfast, around 9:15. When we arrived, I'd say about half the tables were occupied, but there was no line. The girls at the counter explained the menu, but they were unfortunately out of my first menu option. Had to modify my second choice, since they were out of apples. Oh well. We still came up with two options we were happy with. Ordered a tea, and took a seat outside.   The tea came after five-ish minutes. Chai with almond milk. SO good I had to order another. And then we waited. Silverware came out, and we waited some more. I almost wish I had looked at my watch when we ordered, because it felt like a good 25-30 minutes before we got our food. Normally it wouldn't have bothered me that much, since I was sipping my tea in the sunshine, but I had a 10 o'clock appointment, and I'm not a fan of hoovering my food.   Alas, hoovering was required, and both crepes were gone within three minutes of being on the table. What little I was able to taste while inhaling was pretty yummy.   I wouldn't mind giving them another shot, but this is definitely not the spot if you're not planning on a very leisurely meal.
5 Why was I the only one in here on a Wednesday morning? The "breakfast burrito" was perfect. A crepe filled with egg, covered with both crumbled and powdered bacon. Yes, powdered bacon. The portion size was just right for breakfast, not too filling and I didn't feel like I needed to eat lunch by 10:30am. Staff was friendly and attentive and my food came out quickly, though that should be expected with no other costumers. Maybe it gets more crowded after 7:30 or on weekends?
5 I will definitely return.  After leaving dog training, we smelled of Great Dane but left our dog in the car (windows down, in January) so we could enjoy this place. We were greeted by a lovely hostess/order-taker girl and I decided on the First Time while my boyfriend had the Breakfast Burrito.  He had a coffee, and I OJ.  Before sitting we asked if there was a bathroom to wash our hands as we smelled of dog.  The owner, clearly a dog lover let us wash our hands in their private bathroom in the kitchen.    (Watching people make crepes is beautiful. Like an art form)   We thank them profusely and sit down.  The food comes and both of our meals are dreams.  I will say I was not prepared for how sweet my meal would be that early in the morning, but it was so decadent and scrumptious. I might not get it again unless I'm in more of a dessert mood, but I like more savory breakfasts. There will be the sweet-toothers out there that will be titalated at the idea.  I smelled a buffalo chicken while I was there and will DEFINITELY be trying that out next time.  Now for anyone that knows me I absolutely detest eggs. I hate them and think they're gross. Then came the Crepe Bar Breakfast Burrito... ::swoon::! This is the ONLY DISH IN THE WORLD THUS FAR THAT I HAVE BEEN WILLING TO EAT WITH EGG BECAUSE IT IS SO DAMN GOOD!!!  I was actually jealous that my boyfriend had it and I didn't, since he has the sweet tooth and I die for savory.  He devoured his meal giving me a few small bites, but that thing is AMAZING!!! I might have one of my own next time dependent on whether or not the buffalo sounds better.  I love this little place, down to the art on the walls and the well decorated walls.  I even love that you pay with a Square card reader and an iPad. It feels like a pop-up art gallery.  Great vibe.  We live all the way out in Laveen, and will make a point to come here WHENEVER we can.  Thank you!!!
5 4.5 stars. I finally had a chance to check out more of Jeff's tres fantastique crepes at this "new" location this morning.  Jeff was his warm-hearted and most-generous self, as usual.  After exchanging pleasantries with both Jeff and the staff, and Jeff notifying me of a change in the way he formulates his buckwheat crepes (now a combo of buckwheat and AP flour, and not the whole buckwheat of old), I decided to try the ham and gruyere buckwheat crepe, with an egg on top (additional charge), as well as "The First Time," filled with Nutella and sliced bananas and garnished with bruleed bananas, whole walnuts, and walnut shavings (!).  I chose a cup of CB's latest drip, the Burundi varietal Kiryama from Madcap Coffee.  (You may buy a 12 oz. bag from crepe bar for $16.99 plus tax, or from madcapcoffee.com for $15.50 plus tax and shipping.  Check out their FAQ link for two shipping options.)  It was such a lovely day that I elected to eat en plein air.  While I waited for my crepes to arrive, a delightful surprise was in store for me*, courtesy of the chef (didn't I say he is a generous soul?).  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=6VW790O-IRvw2gs_gb5VUg#6VW790O-IRvw2gs_gb5VUg  This was Jeff's take on the strawberry shortcake.  Oh la la!  This dish was nothing short of a gift sent from above!  :)  The combination of the caramelized crunch of the sponge cake, charred in some spots, but not too much that I hastened to trim it off**, cream (my guess is a rustic mix of ricotta and mascarpone, but I'm sure I am wrong, for it was very light, and mascarpone can sometimes be a little too rich.  Not for me, personally, but for some...), fresh, sliced strawberries, a strawberry reduction (on the right), and a magnificent, and you're-such-a-tease tiny serving of a peanut butter reduction on the left (miracle!) left me speechless and dancing as I almost inhaled the plate!  Here's another vision of une beaute.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=CPdR8dECvp6oK6EyUSzkjQ#CPdR8dECvp6oK6EyUSzkjQ  But enough on the free stuff!  Let's get on with the stars of the show, the crepes!  I was originally ordering only a sweet crepe, but Jeff mentioned buckwheat, so I agreed, and it came with ham and gruyere, so I just rolled with it.  I can be loose like that, sometimes.  :)  I know that the use of mustard is very popular in recent years (and while I love mustard, it doesn't love me), so I asked if mustard was in the crepe's composition and was told that the crepe makeup itself didn't  contain mustard, but the vinaigrette dressing on the greens did, so Jeff said he'd omit it.  Instead, Jeff added pickled fennel.  I LOVE fennel!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=vhNkSUc1XmH-OwgrP899VA#vhNkSUc1XmH-OwgrP899VA  Oh, and since I was going with the flow this morning, I went with Jeff's suggestion of an egg on top.  If you love buckwheat, ham, and gruyere, then you must order this crepe NOW!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA#QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA  My server came by to check on my progress of crepe consumption, estimating that I should be ready for the second crepe in a few minutes, but there's no way I'd finish this and have room for another, so I asked for a box.  She soon obliged with a sheet of aluminum foil and said she'd have the kitchen fire off The First Time.  Sacrebleu!  While the photo did not do it justice, the crepe's flavors and textures were extraordinaire!  Must. Try. Soon.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/crêpe-bar-tempe?select=DqpP0rGwFH6OPqU6jbh82A#DqpP0rGwFH6OPqU6jbh82A  Again, I couldn't finish the crepe, nor had I wanted to- not after the "amuse bouche" of a strawberry shortcake, half of a savory crepe and most of the egg (I don't eat charred edges), almost two cups of coffee***, and now half of this sweet not-so-little number, I was finished, and happy.  Very happy.  :)  It was a gorgeous addition to my happy memories of perfect breakfasts- thank you, Jeff and company!  *Jeff actually sent out teasers of the strawberry confection to other tables, not just mine. **The metabolism of charred food releases free radicals, which in turn may be hazardous to your health if you don't counteract with antioxidants- beware! ***I had to call my server back after her third, or fourth checkup to request for a coffee refill.  My coffee had grown cold, and not once was I asked if I needed more.  Otherwise, I'd have rated this experience five stars!
4 Once again, I'm reminded of a place I visited and that I enjoyed, but allowed to drop off my food radar.  I guess for a while I traveled so much last year that it's not too hard to imagine I'd forget about a few places.  I remember my first 2 stops in to the brick and mortar of what used to be Trucking Good Food.  I really did enjoy the food.  Almost a year since my last visit and today was no different.  I stopped in today for a lunch, solo.  I ordered the Buffalo Chicken savory crêpe and I also ordered the Sugar/Brûléed Crêpe just to have a taste.  The Buffalo chicken crêpe http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cr%C3%AApe-bar-tempe?select=QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA#gouRfEaEXqFqRmQbKNUsOw was sided with a shaved pickled carrot mixture.  I don't eat a lot of "bready" foods, but by gholly, this is one dish that I can just dig into.  The buffalo-blue cheese sauce was delicious.  Not as spicy as I like, but still good and definitely not to salty as some sauces like this can be.  The sauce was not in a quantity to make the dish messy and hide the texture of the crêpe.  The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.  I loved it.  it would have been nice to have some fresh bleu cheese with it though.    I should have gotten something on my sweet crêpe.  I thought the Sugar Crêpe would  be a little sweeter.  Still, it was delicious for a small taste of something sweet after lunch with a cup of coffee.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cr%C3%AApe-bar-tempe?select=QcNdkQMEQXf1U1YcdRRfmA#MY2V3YAlEVwkb5yXIhCfgw  I discovered that the Crêpe bar now carries Hayden Flour Mills products.  The fact that this company is attempting to bring back native grains to AZ is a great story.  If you're not familiar, check it out.  http://www.haydenflourmills.com/  You can buy some of their products at CB now.    My last review still stands!!!!  Where are the duck fat fries?  I did ask about the, but it looks like there is no plan to bring them back.  I have to monitor Facebook and Twitter to find out if they are on special.  which pretty much means, I probably won't have theirs again.  *sad face*
4 Great little shop. Decor is minimal and kept hip but it's a bit dark for my personal liking. Made me a bit sleepy but thankfully the manager/ owner/ someone of power kept feeding my cousin and I complimentary sweets (ie gooey cookie and cheesecake mousse) while we waited for our crepes.   The crepe batter was great. I particularly like it better than Cupz n Crepes . It's well seasoned and the texture was the right amount of sponginess. I got a a ham and cheese with spinach crepe. (The creative menu name escapes me.) It was okay. My cousin got the Chicken pesto which was stellar!!! I'll come back for that one. :) And to make a good meal even better, you can't go wrong with the First Timer, which we shared.  All in all, I was on a bit of a sugar rush from all the unplanned sweets I ate but will be back.
5 Best breakfast burrito I have ever had. It was wrapped in a crepe instead of a burrito and it was fantastic. The dessert crepe we had after was really good too! It did take about 25 minutes to get our food but they told us that ahead of time so we got some banana bread (also great!) to tide us over.  Will definitely become a repeat customer!
5 My wife is truly as cappuccino snob.  Guess what!  This happens to be her favorite place for coffee.  The crepes are great too.   I've had a few of them and of course some are getter than others, but overall, I love this place is available.  It seems, I will become a regular breakfast coffee type place.    This place seems to like it when you pull out a chess board or a card game.  Each time I do this, they bring me a desert on the house.  Gotta love that!  They will probably stop that now that I am posting this...
5 I'm apparently a huge crepe lover, at least if they come from this place. When a friend suggested we get together for lunch at this restaurant, I begrudgingly accepted, thinking I'd end up with some small plate that would leave me hungry an hour or two later. I was incredibly wrong to cast any doubt on his recommendation. I got a turkey crepe that was both delicious and filling. In addition, we had the chance to try their vegan cereal which was just about one of the best cereals I have ever tasted (and as you can tell by the turkey crepe, I am not vegan). Even the iced tea was delicious and far, far above average.   If you question going out to eat crepes, stop right now. This restaurant is an amazing option for an area of town underserved by good restaurants. The staff is very attentive and, more importantly, friendly. I will most certainly go back and recommend you make a special trip even if it's out of your way. It is well worth it.
5 I was so excited to try out Crepe Bar!  I went on a Sunday around noon. It was busy and a bit loud, but I expected that.   The staff was very friendly and helpful. They let me know that it would be about 20 minutes for my food. That was fine.  Sometimes amazing food is worth waiting for.   I got an iced latte, and it was one of the best I've had.  I also got the pesto chicken and a "first time" crepe (Nutella and banana brûlée).  The wait was a little longer, but one of the servers brought out a bacon scone for me to snack on. Not a big fan of bacon in scones, but they get points for noticing that I had been waiting. It's that attention to detail that makes me a loyal customer.   The pesto chicken was awesome!  I think I prefer my crepes sweet though so next time I will stick with a dessert crepe, but it was delicious.  The "first time" was incredible!  I had the server box up it up after a few bites. Otherwise I would have eaten the whole thing and been ill. :-)  Before I left, one of the servers let me know that he would be brining out something to try if I had time to stick around.  He brought out a mini mascarpone cheesecake-like thing with whipped cream and granola on it.  Wow!  Rich and delicious.  Apparently they serve those only for dinner on Friday and Saturday nights.  Go there with an appetite!  It was excellent!
3 This establishment I believe started out of a catering truck which is pretty impressive. I found this restaurant searching yelp and decided to give it a try do to it's overwhelming rave reviews. It's a bit too small of a place for my taste accommodation wise. I like a little room while I am eating. The lighting is very dim and not very good for a restaurant. Kind of feels like you're in a dark cave. It was a Saturday morning so you can expect a wait time, which ours was about 30 minutes before our food arrived. Unfortunately, mine came with it really long piece of hair all curled up on the very top of it. The server took it back and brought me a new meal in a couple minutes just as the rest of our order was ready. Besides all the lack of attraction to this place & my mystery topping I quite enjoyed my meal. We had ordered 2 breakfast burritos, 2 egg and cheese crêpes and some nutella crêpes with bananas. The breakfast burritos and the chocolate banana crêpes were quite impressive. The egg and cheese crêpes were a bit greasy and also had a bit of spice to them. Being that we had typical kids with us, it's hard to find something on the menu that would satisfy picky plain children so if you have these you might want to consider feeding them before or go for the gusto and give them a sugar rush of chocolate. All in all, I really did enjoy the food. I think this place is best if kept for people with a flair for food but probably not children. I will return and flavor this place again but with out the kids
4 Wow... who knew crepes could be so good? Well, probably crepe lovers, but these were really, really good! The crepe menu gets a 5-STAR review. Same for the staff who are friendly and helpful and seem to like being there and making sure you like being there too.  That said, the baked goods only rate 3-STARS, and were dry and underwhelming, despite their impressive appearance. At the table, I bit into my cookie with disappointment and remarked, "This is like having the biggest box under the Christmas tree, only to find it full of socks."   The real disappointment was the coffee, which is surprising because a bunch of college age kids in a crepe bar serving breakfast should serve a mean cuppa joe. This was not it. 1-STAR on the coffee.  But please remember, the crepes very easily get 5-STARS and after all, the place is called "CREPE BAR", so that's what you're definitely going to go there to eat. And probably go back again to eat. And again. And again.
4 I've been hearing about Crepe Bar from my wife and we finally made the time to meet a friend there for lunch.  It's nice that they have a few tables indoors as well as outdoors (although, during the Summer months they probably won't get used much).  We approached the counter and the girl who helped us was very nice and made suggestions to help us decide on what to order.  We each ordered a savory crepe and a sweet crepe.  All of the crepes were really good; my lemon dessert crepe was especially satisfying.  My savory crepe was delicious too - it was a chicken crepe and the edge of it had crispy cheese all around which was a nice touch.  The crepes themselves are perfect.  My one complaint about Crepe Bar is the drink selection.  They have an espresso bar, but, beyond that, your choices are craft root beer (which I have no problem with) or water from a jug on the counter.  There is no soda fountain and no bottled water.  I understand if you don't want to pay licensing to have a soda fountain or, maybe you just don't want soda, that's fine too, but having bottled water in Arizona is a pretty standard option.  The luke warm, non-iced jug on the counter is just not what we were looking for.  Crepe bar was definitely a nice place and I will go back there for sure (my wife has already been back so I'm a little jealous).  But, when we go back, we will take our own bottles of water with us... and we'll buy a root beer too.
4 Tiny place, with only 8-10 tables, but service is friendly and the food is good.  Tried both the savory and sweet crepes and wasn't disappointed.  They make their crepes a little thicker then I'm usually used to, but with the sweet crepes, they roll them up and drizzle lots of nutella (if that strikes your fancy), on them and are tasty.  But I think the savory turkey crepe was my favorite.  It was flavorful, not crazy big, but satisfying and yummy.
5 Food is amazing, service is friendly, 5 stars for those things.   BUT they don't update their website or their answering machine when they're closed. Sucks to drive out there, excited for delicious crepes, and find it's closed on a Saturday. Called and checked the website before going too.
4 LOVE Crepe Bar!   So excited that this place recently opened in my old Tempe stomping grounds - if only it had existed while I attended high school nearby :)   Crepe Bar offers both savory and sweet crepes and both aspects of the menu are enticing.   On the savory menu, I've had both the Chicken Pesto and Papa K, which were delicious.  The Chicken Pesto has more muted flavors, but is crazy satisfying. The cheddar cheese is delightfully crispy at the edges of the crepe (my favorite part!)   The mushroom ragout that is part of the Papa K has amazing flavor that I can't get out of my head - highly recommend!   I've had the Vanilla Bean Custard with Strawberries for dessert multiple times - I find that the addition of Valhrona chocolate is absolutely integral to a particularly delicious sweet ending to your meal at Crepe Bar.   Something that I really enjoy is their presentation - the plates are absolutely beautiful. Considering that the prices are about $8ish a crepe, that is impressive and lends to the feeling of a very upscale experience, even in such a fun, casual setting.   The service at the restaurant is wonderful - the employees are friendly, solicitous, and accommodating. Keep in mind though, it IS a counter-service restaurant, where you place your order at the cash register and your food is delivered to you. When you order multiple courses, they try to space it out, but on both of my visits our dessert arrived prior to our entrees being completely finished. Also, the food typically takes awhile to arrive initially (even when the restaurant isn't uber busy)   The drink selection is a bit odd... coffee is obviously their deal and they appear to be very committed to the art of coffee, which is commendable. I will say that the non-coffee offerings suffer a bit ... there aren't any fountain drink options, but they do have a few bottled sodas available in a cooler beside the register (the "microbrew" rootbeer they offer is very good - tastes just a little herbal and is delicious) This detracts from the experience somewhat because the restaurant is very warm - and the alternative to sitting inside the somewhat stuffy dining room is to sit outdoors, which is also often very warm. The drinks from the case are coolish, at best, which means that, combined with the hot temperatures, there isn't a chance for a particularly refreshing, cold drink (especially after waiting awhile for your meal) Sooo... that's a little disappointing.   Lastly, they don't allow modifications. At all. After working with Chefs for a living, and eating at many, many restaurants where I've learned that it is in my interest to trust the professionals, I am absolutely a proponent of "Chef knows best". I also know that with a small kitchen and labor intensive dishes, special requests and changes can be very challenging. So I get it - I get why you would try to be up front and strongly discourage modifications. BUT I think that sticking to that policy without exception comes across as pretty customer unfriendly... especially when it is something basic, like instead of chocolate on the side, requesting nutella (an ingredient that is offered with another crepe)? But again, I do get it...  Anyway, Crepe Bar is great! Such a wonderful addition and I can't recommend it enough - very unique, well executed and just so much fun.
5 My new favorite breakfast spot.  The breakfast burrito crepe is a must, their iced coffee are really good and the hipsters are nice. no phone orders only down side as it's pretty busy every time I've gone.
4 My amazingly "in the know" girlfriend recommended we try Crepe Bar for breakfast and was sold the moment she said "crepe." They did not disappoint!   I ordered the savory breakfast burrito filled with fluffy scrambled eggs, bacon, avocado salsa, jack cheese all tucked inside a chipotle crepe. The crepe was soft, with a spongy texture and with that chipotle flavor, it really made for an interesting twist on the usual breakfast burrito so prevalent in Phoenix.  Keep in mind you will need a fork and knife to eat it, but the quality of ingredients and combo of favors made it a solid option. I also ordered a hot mocha from the counter and it was fantastic.   We arrived around 9:30am and it was already pretty busy, as other reviews say it can be a bit of a wait, so plan accorded. But it is definitely worth if!
5 If you are looking for a great spot to eat this is it! There menu is creative,organic, and overall amazing. Jeff the owner takes pride in delivering quality as well as culinary twists to every plate. There coffee is amazing they always carry different specialty coffee to also add quality in not only food but there drinks. If you want fresh prepared food and amazing coffee crepe bar is the place to go.
5 Breakfast Burrito Crepe. Game over.   Easily the best Crepes in town, nothing else even comes close.   Go now.
4 Clean, open airy place.  1 Star Nice, friendly, smiling workers. 2 Star Cold brewed coffee. 3 Star Yummy, fresh crepes with all sorts of wonderful ingredients.  4 Stars I really would give a 4.5, I'll need to go eat there, not take take-out to really experience the food.   I would recommend everyone check out this place.
5 we had the buffalo chk, vannilla bean and built it with veg egg and buckwheat. The buffalo is a little salty for me, and they are so kind to change it to breakfast burrito for me. Love the vanilla bean! Just love it! Although the breakfast burrito is still too salty for me, but the sweet ones are so good!
5 The cheesecake crepe was freakin wonderful. Vanilla bean custard, strawberries, salted caramel & candied fruit on the side yum! I died. My friend got the breakfast burrito crepe & loved it too! Great coffee drinks. We had excellent service this morning, they even gave us a free snack they were testing out while we waited for our crepes!
5 I normally don't review a restaurant after one visit, but this place is just that good. Had the pesto chicken crepe and the Heart drip coffee. Those go together right? I had the coffee because it is free when you check in on Yelp (you can also choose tea.) The crepe, as you can see in the pics, was perfectly cooked. Thin, delicate, and slightly browned. The most prominent flavor was the cheddar cheese. My only critique would be that it could use more pesto, but it was still damn good. Also, the Heart (based out of Portland, OR) coffee was delicious and was a medium brew with a light oily layer.   The atmosphere may be just as fine as the food. The music was great and playing from an employee's iPod. I heard the Beatles, Gene Chandler, and Fela Kuti, a pioneer of Afrobeat music, among others. The wall art and friendly faces were courtesy of Andy Brown, who also did the murals on the Cabanas on McClintock in Tempe.   The staff was friendly and helpful. The price and portions are right. I'll be back and looking forward to trying their "sweet" crepes.
5 Great place... We had the vanilla custard with strawberries and chicken pesto both were great. Coming back very soon!!! I wish this place was open in the evening as well.
3 Damn I wanted to love this place!  The interior was beguiling and the staff friendly, but the eat and drink was only okay on my first visit.  The much raved about breakfast burrito just didn't do it for me (it was pretty to look at, but the flavor was monotone, the amount of cheese overwhelming and only half melted in a layer on the bottom of the lukewarm crepe instead of mixed in with the eggs), and the drip coffee was lighter than I personally prefer.  I'll definitely be back to try their sweet selections and cold brew, though.  Crepe Bar is a really cute spot and a good addition to the area.
5 Two visits here and you haven't let me down. Small and busy on weekend mornings but so friendly and your servers are incredible. Thanks for the tidbits while we were waiting last week. Really tasty stuff! The crepes are divine. I love to share one savory and one sweet crepe with my hubby - quite a nice treat. The lemon sugar is amazing. Best crepes around, period!
3 Crepe bar is so hipster it hurts. The walls are brightly colored, which I enjoyed a lot, but along one side was a series of illustrations depicting... a person? I think? Regardless, the environment was very modern and made good use of a fairly small space. I would have preferred chairs with backs to stools, but that wasn't by any means the end of the world.   I had the cheesecake crepe ($7.50), and my friend had the nutella and banana ($5.50). My crepe wasn't bad, but I would have preferred a little more of the cheesecake filling. It was good, but not anything spectacular; I was expecting a lot more from this place based on the other Yelp reviews that I've read. I didn't have any of the nutella and banana crepe, but my friend complained multiple times that it was overwhelmingly sweet -this coming from a girl who happily eats nutella straight out of the jar.   I had the heart drip coffee because you get one for free if you check in on Yelp, and I was not a fan. I feel like a place like this should have some pretty solid coffee to accompany the crepes and pastries they serve, but it was mediocre at best.   Overall, it was a pretty standard experience. It wasn't bad, but also not anything mindblowing. Next time, I'll probably just stick to P. Croissant right next door.
2 i was excited about getting some good crepes in Tempe, but alas, was sorely disappointed by the outcome.  Assorted gripes in order of importance were 1) Pesto chicken was in fact 'curried' chicken. I make my own pesto and know the flavor quite well. No basil in the sauce which was basically a creamy light yellow curry sauce. What gives? 2)Plastic cups for drinks, 5 oz. for water and 16 oz. for purchased drinks. and the cheap flimsy cups you get in a hurry at Walgreens. Seriously? 3)No place setting on table, which, when requested only come with a knife and fork. (at least they were not plastic) No spoon, which i needed to stir my coffee. Another trip back to the kitchen.4) No sugar or sweeteners on the table. Had some in my wallet for these situations. 5) limited seating in which at least 3 tables were taken by Apple users with no food on the table. Did not Starbucks address this issue recently? I will just leave it at that for now. Hey, i do not expect the world at a crepe restaurant. But in my many years of eating out there are some BASIC things I have come to expect. When i do not get these basics i am not a happy camper. Had this place been open a short time i would give it  the benefit of the doubt. But i find more and more Phx diners have come to expect the minimum, and in the end, that is exactly what they get.
4 Ah yes, I remember when this place used to be the original Pleasant Croissant.  Like a bleached white hole in the wall bakery with croissants so perfectly wonderful that they sold out almost every day well before noon.   Not we have the Crepe Bar occupying this suite.  An interesting addition to the neighborhood and an intriquing option I felt the need to try, at least once.   After reading reviews and then scanning the menu we decided to share a savory and a sweet crepe from the menu.  Darn good too. May not be worth the price for he papa k with egg.  A three egg omelette will cost you about that much, with toast and hash browns. But this was a welcome change from the usual and darn near ideal for the weather and the day. Will be coming back again to try one of the other options on the menu.  Hopefully soon. I think the yelp symbol for price range should be $$... I guess I'm sort of a fan but I don't anticipate becoming a regular at this place.  Prices just didn't seem reseaonable for the options available. Also, the first time we came in there were no crepes because of an event the were participating in or something.  That wasn't so good. ONLY because of the location did we decide to give this place another try.
4 Got a maple butter crêpe with bananas, a cheesecake crêpe with strawberries and chocolate, and the lemon crêpe. When I checked in with Yelp, I also got a free coffee. All the crêpes and the coffee were great - the maple butter one being my favourite and with the most flavour. The prices ($3.50 - $5) were reasonable for the size and ingredients as well.  The only problem I had was with the slow service. The cashier was writing all the orders down by hand really slowly and I stood there while she wrote the last person's order for a couple of minutes without much acknowledgement from her or the many people working behind the counter. The crêpes, something I have experience getting fairly quickly, took a pretty long time. My coffee was brought to my table without creamer or without being asked about cream and there was no cream at the self-serve bar - all of which I found odd. It was a good thing I had no where to be or I would have been pretty upset.   However, the taste of the crêpes outweighs any time inconvenience I experienced this visit. All the crêpes were exceptional and I might try to come back to sample the savoury offerings.
1 Quoted us 20 mins ETA for our food. Didn't get it till almost 1 hour later. Weak portion, extremely pretentious presentation...had to go next door at the croissant place to get more food. Furthermore it does not take an hour to smear nutella on a crepe and add some sliced bananas on top. Neither should it take any more time to add some weird lemon "gel" and butter on a crepe. So disappointed.
5 Tried it with girl friends and came back the next week! Love love love the Vanilla Bean Custard crepe, it's mine and my boyfriends normal  Tuesday morning spot now! Light filling crepe with a nice latte:)
5 My first visit with coworkers - was very surprise to see this place -  love it. I had the veggie crepe for lunch. I am going to try something sweet next time. This place is only 5 minutes away from my work, how awesome is that!
5 This place is a must at least once a week for me. The crew is top notch, the food is awesome and the coffee is spot on. When you see the price point (cheap), portion (perfect side of full) and taste the quality I know that this will quickly become one of your regular places!  Jeff&Co do it right!
4 Breakfast burrito crepe was fantastic, one of the best breakfasts I have ever had. However the location is small and cramped and kind of strange. We didnt get forks with our food (had to go get them from someone at the counter). The price was good, service was ok. Drinks are bottled only so no fountain drinks.  Went a 2nd time on a saturday and it was so packed we couldn't get a seat.
4 Really cute space and its packed on sunday morning so that must mean good food; however, I stood in line for at least 20min only to be told when I got to the front that there was a 45min wait.  I went back a 2nd time during the week and it was pretty empty to my liking.  The crepes were absolutely delicious, although a bit small for the price.  I highly recommend the nutella crepe!
1 My order was completely wrong. I have no idea how I order a build your own breakfast crepe, list all of the items I want in my breakfast and end up with the breakfast burrito? The waitress was writing for a while when I ordered and I thought she just wasn't short-hand writing my order which is unusual.. I have no idea what she was writing because when my order came out wrong she showed me the order she had written down (like that solved anything) and all that was written was 'burro'. I had to ask 'so when I said I would like to build my crepe and listed off mushrooms, spinach, ham and onions you heard burrito?' (which obviously has none of those ingredients) her response was 'well, that's what everyone orders'. Are you kidding me????   Anyway, I ate the burrito because I didn't want to wait another 20 minutes for my food. it was actually really good I can see why other people order it but I was really craving mushrooms.  #dayruiner
4 The food at this place is worth 5 stars WOW!  The breakfast burrito is perfect and the nutella and banana crepes are amazing!  They are topped with a sugary crunch that is absolutely addicting. What is not good is the coffee.  It's kind of sour and tastes more like Dunkin Donuts to me (if you're into that sort of thing go for it).  They also don't have cream to add to it which I thought was weird.  They don't have silverware out and I had to maneuver my way up to someone who looked busy and annoyed when I asked for it. The other thing I don't like is that it's too popular for the space.  It is PACKED and the line makes it impossible for the servers to even bring out the food.  Time to expand I think.  I also hate that the menu is not on display and is impossible to get a hold of from the back of the line.  There is however a list of hand drawn cartoons of all the people working there.  Quirky? Yes.  Helpful?  Not so much.   Sounds like a lot of complaints I know, but that food is just that good that you MUST try it despite the setbacks.
5 Fresh, well prepared...you don't see many places like this in the Phoenix area. The service is personable and welcoming. Highest recommendation!
5 I just went in because I always hear great things. Definitely lived up to the hype, the crepe I had was amazing. I don't really eat crepes that often but it was the best one I have had, the espresso that I ordered along with it was smooth and well pulled. The staff seems really nice, and they play great music. Ill definitely recommend this place to everyone I know.
5 Being breakfast lovers and especially lovers of local owners and fresh ingredients, we acted upon a few suggestions from people who we have come to know as wonderfully accurate about good places to eat:  local chefs! Believing that peer-reviewed places are likely to be excellent, Peg and I checked out this place this am. The place was "über crowded,but Shelby greeted us cordially and gave us the info and layout of the land.  We knew that we wanted to sample both savory and sweet...and we are both coffee lovers as well..meaning lovers of GOOD coffee!! Heart coffee was wonderful. I had the sausage|local pork ~ pimento cheese~ roasted fingerling ~ easy egg crepe, and my bride sampled the papa k|local ham ~ mushroom ragoût ~ pepperjack ~ dressed greens crepe. They were extraordinarily tasty. We did the usual sharing bites, and ended the meal with two sweet crepes: lemon x 3|butter + gel + zest and ^ vanilla bean custard|strawberries (straight up)...meaning you can add other goodies to the custard if you wish.  As importantly, the service and attitude of the people working there was stellar.  Shelby was very attentive and helpful (checking to make sure that our seating arrangement was acceptable) and  Brittney (I apologize in advance if there is a different spelling of your name!!!) and the server in the very nice "Miles" ( as in Miles Davis) were on top of things. The background music is a wonderful addition. All in all, this place is definitely worth a repeat/repeat/repeat visit!!!   BTW..it is literally next door to Pcroissant...another excellent choice.  Dr. B
4 I went to Crepe Bar with a friend earlier this weekend and must say that if I lived in the east valley, this place may be my number one breakfast spot. We shared the breakfast burrito crepe and the vanilla bean crepe with strawberries and walnuts. The breakfast burrito crepe was delicious, it was spicy, salty, bacon -y, and all around awesome. The only thing I think is a little funny is that it doesn't really need the crepe (I know, blasphemy!), The eggs on their own would have bean equally as delicious. The sauces were wonderful as well. The sweet crepe was also very tasty, but definitely did not hold up to the other. It was much smaller than the breakfast burrito, but it had a subtly sweet flavor....it didn't hit you in the face with the sweetness, I think because of the buckwheat crepe maybe. Anyway, I would definitely return for breakfast! So why only 4 stars? The coffee.....the coffee was really acidic and I didn't love it so much....I was glad it was free with my Yelp check in (thanks Yelp!).
5 Cool space in a typically soulless AZ strip mall. The food is excellent as are the espresso drinks.(Besides Giant Coffee in Phoenix, this is my favorite coffee shop). The Pesto Chicken and Lemon Crepe are top-notch flavor-wise and the presentation is always impeccable. I laughed at one of the reviews that called the presentation "pretentious". How dare you make your food look like an art form! Anyways, the wait time can be a little excessive but it's worth it.
2 Went a 3rd time and again it was so busy and poorly set up/run that I again waited 10 minutes in line, only to not move forward at all, and walk out a 2nd time.  It's got the traditional hipster we don't care about service you will be lucky to have our good food vibe. Let me know when you move to a bigger location and don't run it like spoiled children who don't know how lucky they are to be busy.
4 Was in the area seeking new places to try for lunch and found Crêpe Bar , so off I went.  It was Friday little after 11 and the place was busy, but not overly busy, I was able to get my order in and find me a seat. I have to say I love the vibe of this place.  I originally went seeking a savory crêpe, but after looking over the menu I went with a savory & sweet crêpe. Oh boy, this was not a good diet day. Haha  I ordered the breakfast burrito crêpe, eggs, bacon, queso jack, avocado salsa. Let me tell you, this was amazing, it took an entirely different perspective on the breakfast burrito, and the chipotle crêpe just made it that much better! The flavors of everything blended perfectly, was surprised when I noticed I ate it all :( where did it go? Who did that?    I also ordered the first time, I was sold on this because it was with Nutella - that stuff is crack!!! Love it!!!.  The crêpe was beautifully prepared it was filled with that glorious Nutella (either you love Nutella or you hate it) and surrounded by mind blowing banana brûlée OOHHH MMMYYY FFFFFNNNN GGGGGAAAAAWWWWDDD!!! Banana Brûlée Who thought of this!! Bananas with crispy sugar coating mixed with Nutella!!! Genius!!!!   Crêpe Bar expect to see me on a regularly basis!
4 This was my first time here. I had the Chicken Pesto and I must say it was very delicious. The service was excellent as well.
5 This is the perfect breakfast / brunch place in Tempe would suggest the maple bitter crepe add candied walnuts and banana brûlée please and thank you
5 We have a new go-to place for breakfast/lunch: The Crepe Bar.  We enjoyed the "Breakfast Burrito" which is a bit of a misnomer, as it's a crepe, but our other choice was the "Papa K" which I'm still dreaming about. Local ingredients, like fantastic local ham. Check out the tiny little 'doughnuts' which are really more like teeny beignets with cinnamon sugar.  OK - some have commented that service is slow.  It's made to order, so yeah, it's gone take a little more time.  So Mr. Cranky, don't come here when you're in a hurry!  But come when you have time to relax with a cup of delicious coffee while your meal is prepared  It's super hard to ding this place.  Worth seeking out, and worth the wait I promise.  Now if we could just convince them to open for dinner...That would be a beautiful thing!
5 Located off the beaten path in a non-descript Tempe strip mall off Rural Road- they are putting out some very flavorful and creative crepes here! I have yelp to thank for discovering this gem of a cafe! While visiting Chandler for my son's volleyball tournament, I needed to get something to eat. I wasn't sure if I wanted breakfast or lunch, but when I saw Crêpe bar, and its nearly 5-star rating on yelp, my curiosity got the better of me...  Apparently, crêpe bar got its start as a food truck. Being a former small business owner, I always root for the little guy, so I was happy for their success in opening the cafe. I decided to order the one item on their menu that they had at the original food truck, The Papa K. I got mine with added scrambled eggs, and was it ever delicious! Made with local ham- served fresh and warm with a mushroom ragout, pepper jack cheese, plus a side of field greens (with an olive oil dressing), and crunchy Parmesan cheese around the edges- it was fabulous!   The service here is extraordinarily friendly and efficient... They go out of their way to make you feel welcome and appreciated. In addition to hearty, main course type crepes, they also have sweet crepes, with names like sugar Brulé, maple butter, vanilla bean custard, and the one everyone seems to rave about- first time Nutella. I thought the complimentary starter of house made granola was a nice gesture. Full espresso bar and drip coffee, along with teas and beer are offered to complement the excellent food. The vibe here is young and hip- with concrete floors, colorful walls, happy people, and semi-loud music. I would go back in a heartbeat, and look forward to trying the sweet crepes next time.
2 Extremely disappointed after reading all the smashing reviews and the "Best of" awards. They were out of a signature dish (Vanilla Custard crepe) at 8am on a Saturday morning. Seriously?  You've been open an hour, and you're out?  Not good planning on the part of the kitchen.  The breakfast burrito was good with the exception of the white bits of "powdered bacon" sprinkled all over it. I LOVE bacon but I couldn't even tell what this stuff was. It tasted like baking soda and salt. It was horrible. The little cinnamon sugary donut-y things they brought to the table prior to bringing out our meal tasted like they were deep fried in oil previously used for cooking some sort of meat.  The coffee was bitter. The staff was friendly and the only reason I'm not giving 1 star.
4 Food was very good. It was our first visit and we came away impressed with the food and staff. The wait however was a little long. Waited over 10 min to get to the front of the line to place our order and over 35 min until our order was ready. Overall it was a good experience (we weren't in a rush) but don't be in a hurry if you go on a Sunday morning.
4 I'll save you guys a long review and keep it short and to the point:  1. Decent number of crepe options to choose from.  2. Delicious food 3. Nice fresh coffee 4. Smaller portion sizes (didn't fill me up - I had the Papa K) 5. Pricey for the portion sizes  May come back every once in a while. Not looking to becoming a regular here.
5 I love this place! This could easily become our new go-to brunch spot.  Even during peak brunch time (Sunday at 10:30am), we were able to get a seat. Service was superb - the cashier was friendly & helpful and once we got our food, we were checked on by the servers about 3 different times. I ordered the sweet crepes with Nutella and Bananas, and my husband ordered the savory chipotle breakfast burrito crepe. The moroccan latte was literally the best coffee drink I have ever tasted - it was like a spicy hot chocolate with beautiful art on the top, and the cups and saucers are bright and cheery. It's the kind of place that makes you want to sit and stay awhile.
4 I came here about a week ago on a Sunday morning. Great food, great coffee, and fantastic customer service. We arrived shortly after they opened and it filled up quick, so get there early to avoid long waits. That being said, our food did take a little longer than expected to be served, but an employee there made sure to pay attention to everyone there by letting them know their food would be out shortly and giving everybody complementary doughnut holes in the meantime (along with asking us how our food was and making sure everything met our expectations; just giving that little extra effort to show they care, which is always a good thing.) The only thing I can say negative about the place is that I'm not very much a fan of the whole "hipster" theme they have going on or the culture it attracts, but that means nothing when compared to how overall fantastic this place was. I ordered the Breakfast Burrito and hot Cafe Latte and both were very good
5 I wish I lived closer, but then again it's probably good for my bank account that I don't. I could easily make this my routine breakfast joint. I had a buckwheat veggie crepe and my fiancée had the pork belly one (she won). Complete random find that turned into a wonderful experience. Thanks!
4 I wasn't expecting an upbeat little cafe when I thought that crepes was what I needed this morning, but that is what I got. Music going, people smiling, and my belly growling. I have passed this place many times, and never really felt that I was up for a morning crepe.. but it does beat an omelet IMO.   Crepes I had the pesto chicken crepe and it was awesome at first bite. OK, truth be told, after almost wolfing the whole thing down I found it a bit salty - still very tasty. I will go back here again for the crepes.   Coffee Being from Europe, so I have some expectations on coffee. This coffee is awesome. I didn't expect it, at all. A cup of coffee is like $2 and apparently comes with refills.. sweet deal.     You'll be greeted with a smile and the whole staff is easy going. That's all I am looking for in a cafe-kind-of-establishment anyhow. I really enjoyed it, and I definitely will be back here.
5 I was debating between 4 and 5 stars because of the long wait but then I reminded myself great things are worth waiting for !   They have very limited seating and a huge crowd.  We woke up pretty early on a Sunday and I wasn't expecting it to be so packed. So it's the kind of restaurant where you order and pay first then a serve brings you be food.   It has a very hipster feel and if you check in on yelp they give you a free coffee or tea. We got the pomegranate green tea, loved it. The tea wasn't watery as most ice teas are. I  have yet to try the coffee apparently it's all European.   We got the savory breakfast burrito and papa k with scrambled eggs. The crepes were amazing !!!   Breakfast burrito- I thought the breakfast burrito was a bit overwhelming because of all the avocado but my boyfriend who is a big fan of avocado loved it, the chipotle sauce perfectly complimented the flavors. He felt that the avocado balanced the crepe very well resulting in it not being too overwhelming. So I guess this one is open to your own opinion.  Papa k - inside was ham, pepper jack, scrambled eggs, cheese, and mushroom ragout. My first bite was the sides where they crisped up the cheese. Explosion of flavor in your mouth. It was satisfying from beginning to end. Must try !   In past experience savory crepes are always good at the beginning and overwhelming at the end.  Did not feel that here ! I finished every single bite.   Overall a must try, long wait but your stomach will thank you after.
4 Stopped in for breakfast yesterday after reading about Crêpe Bar on the Chow Bella blog a few times in recent weeks. All I can say is "wow."  Just a little place in an out-of-the-way shopping center. The interior is nice and unpretentious, with an eclectic mix of music played at a reasonable volume. Really just looks like an indie coffee shop, which it could probably pull off just fine. My latte was fantastic, as was the drip coffee refill. They had a nice selection of teas for my wife, too.  We ordered the papa K and sausage crêpes for breakfast, which we shared. Both were excellent. The papa K was packed with delightful roasted porcini mushrooms, along with ham and cheese. The golden, earthy 'shrooms were the star for us; nicely browned and not at all slimy like the mushrooms you often find in an omelette. The flavor of the crêpe itself really shined here, as well. The andoiulle and fingerling potatoes in the sausage crêpe were excellent. The sauce had quite a tang, though, and was abundant enough that it overpowered the delicate crêpe more than I would've preferred. After breakfast, we shared the lemon x 3, which was fantastic. Couldn't get enough of the lemon curd.  All the dishes--and even the latte--were artistically presented and service was perfect for us; breakfast came out just as we were finishing up the morning paper. Some might consider this slow, but a server stopped by with an amuse-bouche of house-made granola while we waited, which made the time required to prepare the meal even more worth it.  Overall, the experience was fantastic. Can't wait to get back and try something else. Crêpe Bar will definitely become a regular in our weekend breakfast rotation.
3 We went in on an early afternoon. The place was busy but not packed. Placed our order and waited and waited and waited. We notice several people sitting next to us getting their orders ten minutes after sitting down. We went to complain and they said that the pesto chicken crepe takes longer. I'm not buying that. 40 minutes later our crepes came.  The food was good but I think the looonnnngggg wait left a bitter taste in our mouth.  Coffee very good as well.  We will try this place again but if we wait another 40 minutes and see other people get their orders before us despite seating after us, this review will be changed. We really want to stay in Chandler and support the small biz but we didn't like being insulted on our first visit here.
5 Can I please add 2 more stars on top of the 5 stars given. I found this restaurant when I gave a friend the wheel and said "Where for brunch?"  (He is a frat brother, my guesses were I was in for; U.S.egg or ihop and I don't support corporate)  We walked in and were greated with open arms (literally).  Food - Everything.  Try everything. But don't try the Banana and Nutella because you will want it every morning after.  Drink - Not much of a latte or cappuccino fan. Only reason due to I was a barista in the past and wore myself out. However that cold brew in the fridge to the right. Oh my god. Really if I could buy it in the 6-pack. No seriously. I'll pay money for that. Damn good.  Service - Hands down the best. I felt like I was at a friends house. They took care of us.  Presentation - You had me blown away. That food presentation was culinary perfection. The granola even on that slate platter was beautiful.  (If I wasn't so heavy,  i would of took it)   Your local. You treated us well. Places like this I don't speak of due to i don't want you get played out. But you, I'm shouting at the roof tops.   Sidenote - Our food did take sometime. But look at that kitchen size. They are doing amazing food with the space given. Be patient. The food will come.
4 Finally checked out this place today and I've lived in the neighborhood since June. Excellent food: Had the papa k savory crepe with eggs. WiFi that works. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the flimsy chairs and table. Very impressed with tableware! Little things matter. Very friendly staff. Will definitely go again.
5 I loved my experience here so much that I actually created a yelp account just to express it.   The coffee is unique, the crepes were amazing. I had the breakfast burrito crepe and the vanilla creme crepe with dark chocolate. Both were more gourmet than I expected from a random crepe place in a strip mall. The burrito came with chipotle sea salt, and the chocolate with my dessert crepe was legit dark chocolate, not just Hershey's.   Also, coolest part, one of the chefs came out and offered a miracle berry tasting platter. It was one of the best restaurant experiences I've ever had! I will definitely be back.
5 Absolutely delicious.  The server recommended the Grand Prix to me and I am very glad he did.  It's a crepe infused with coffee (in the batter) topped with egg and maple bacon.  Is that not genius?  I could go for another one right now.  Can I get one of these in Colorado?  Please?
5 I've been here a couple of times now.  I'm definitely a fan of sweet crepes, and this place delivers.  The crepes are soft, delicate, and very thin, which I think is more "authentic".  They taste great - I've had bruleed sugar, nutella/bananas, and vanilla custard crepes, and was never disappointed.  The coffee is fantastic.  I love the latte art - always seems to make the drink taste even better.  Speaking of which, the food arrangements are always spectacular, which adds to the gourmet feel of the place.  It's definitely pricier than I would like.  A single bruleed sugar crepe (the cheapest on the menu) and a coffee drink ended up costing about $10.  Try not to get too addicted, but it's definitely great for a special occasion.
3 1 star for Very cool atmosphere. 1 star for Friendly Staff. However, the taste of the food was Not very good (the bottom of the crepe was too mushy, and watery). But, if you are looking for an upbeat atmosphere and trendy vibe, this is a good pic.
4 Never had the creeps here. Have always come for the coffee. They really do a fantastic job - and if you're a coffee snob and are a stickler for a perfectly foamed cappuccino then this is your place.   My only reason for giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is that it takes a ridiculously long time to actually get your coffee. I understand taking your time to do it right - but I used to make coffee in a country where the quality of coffee always had to be top notch and no place ever took THIS long. It's just unnecessary and a little annoying to wait so long for an 8oz drink. They have enough volume and traffic just in coffee to invest in equipment or people to speed up the process and make it a more pleasant experience.
5 I like the food, the attitudes of the staff, the décor and the prices. Their crepes are light and fluffy and the fact that they serve fontina cheese is a plus for me. Thank you very much.
4 My favorite place for crepes! I've been going since a couple of years back when they first opened. Authentic crispy thin crepes with innovative toppings. There isn't much option on the menu but it seems just enough to satisfy my cravings - a little bit of every breakfast option from cereal to scones to egg crepes. It's getting a big too crowded for me on the weekends but I'm glad Tempe has come to discover it's neighborhood gem. Great food, great people, great business.
5 We found this through yelp, on a last minute whim and we LOVED IT. The staff was super friendly even when we walked in 3 minutes before close time. We got the breakfast burrito crepe, and my wife got the something-jack crepe (second on the menu) and the nutwlla anf bannana dessert crepe. Loved every bite of it!!! We were offered a homemade plantain with special seasoning. Again delicious...  The ambiance isn't all there,  but the food more than makes up for it.
3 We were super excited to try this place because of the really high rating here on Yelp and because we love crepes. The restaurant is really small and didn't seem to have any air conditioning and was very stuffy, and we went in December. Ordered 2 crepes and two drinks and the price was just over $20. the place wasn't overly crowded and it took a good 20 minutes before our crepes showed up, and when they did I wasn't overly impressed. We got the Papa K which was a decent amount of food, as well as the maple butter, which was just a plain crepe with some syrup over it. They weren't bad, but not anything to make me recommend the place and to go back. I'd say for what we got a price around $15 would be more reasonable as well.
5 We've been in three times now, and they have knocked it out of the park every time. Great place.
1 wait for ever for nothing
4 Yummy deliciousness! Ordered the breakfast burro and the big k. Both were cooked perfectly and full of flavor!
5 Oh man! There's so many good things to say about this place... where to begin?!  First of all, did you know that Crepe Bar started as a food truck? Just an interesting side note :)  You might want to get here early, there are always lines and the food takes a little longer than normal to make, so plan on spending 1.5-2 hours here. With that said... it's totally worth the wait! They give you an option to get sweet or savory crepes, all of which will make you drool just reading through the descriptions! I went with their Breakfast Burrito (savory) crepe and would definitely order it again. So delicious!!!  Also, while waiting for the crepes, they started us out with some homemade granola. This may sound odd, but man oh man, it was amazing! So much so, that I asked if it was possible to buy some. Sure enough, they sell a small ish mason jar for $6. And if you bring the jar back, you can get a refill for $3.  I give this place an A++. The staff was super friendly and the food was even more amazing! Definitely give this place a try!
4 You know what? I can't really knock this place for anything. Good food that makes you feel like you're at a Brassierie in Paris. Delicious. Its mostly Crepes and eggs.  Very good.
5 If you're looking for the perfect, cozy, quaint and totally delicious spot for breakfast - don't miss this place. The menu is filled with choices between unique savory options and a few sweet ones to satisfy your sweet tooth.  And the coffee is served in real cups with saucers and tastes amazing.  My sister and I shared the Chicken Pesto crepe and the Lemon Drop crepe to have a savory and sweet breakfast and we were not disappointed. The crepes are large and filling!   Only two things you should know: this place is small so sometimes finding a table can be a challenge. And the food takes a while from the kitchen but it's worth the wait. The service is incredible and the even bring out little "snacks" to try while you wait.   Do it!
4 Super friendly staff.. They are only open during lunch hours and they do take credit cards. I've had the breakfast burro and it's very tasty. The dessert there is just great. They don't allow to-go orders but for good reason.. the dishes are prepared beautifully and it's worth the time to sit down and eat there.
5 Second time at crepe bar. Not only was it delicious, but instead of glaring at my friend and I for spending hours there talking away, they gave us treats to help us keep up our strength. They really know how to treat people here.
5 HOLY BIGOOLY!!!  Drop what you're doing now and go here!  So delish you'll be sad you ever have to eat anywhere else for breakfast.  The breakfast burrito wrapped in crêpes fills the position but best burrito and best crêpe I've ever had!    Crêpe diem!!!!!!!!
3 The Crepe Bar must be doing something right, since it was crowded.  The food was acceptable, but not exceptional.  The crepes ordered (Maple Butter and Tiramisu) were crepes with topping on top, not wrapped within as one normally does for a crepe.  We waited 20 minutes or so for the crepes to come out, and the presentation of the crepes seemed rushed--toppings were just sort of dumped on top of the folded crepe, like it was prepared by someone in a rush.  I suspect they did not have a kitchen floorspace or staff adequate to meet demand.    The staff was friendly and considerate and the decor was pleasant.    While not terrible, it was not really worth the wait or the price.  I doubt I will go back.
5 My husband calls this a "hipster haven," and I love it! We frequent Crepe bar often for breakfast as it is right around the corner from our home. If you a first timer, you cannot go wrong with the "First Time" crepe. BEST NUTELLA CREPE OF YOUR LIFE! Not joking. I seriously consider myself a sweet crepe lover, and lover of anything Nutella, and this crepe will blow your mind!  Papa K is delicious if you are looking for a savory crepe, as well as the Breakfast Burrito. I have yet to have something unsatisfying there, and I truly think it's impossible.  Oh, and the latte art! So cute. Not only do you get to enjoy delicious hand crafted love in a cup, it looks cute too.   And lastly, the friendly staff are always walking around with snacks for you to munch on while you wait for your food, whether it's their house-made granola, or sage tea bread, it's all so good!  Fav breakfast place by far.
5 This place is a little gem of a neighborhood spot. This place was a nice way to end our house hunting trip. The staff is super nice and they gave us samples of their treats as we were waiting for our food. They have free WiFi and are fine with you hanging out for a couple of hours as we did.  I was looking for something light as I had too much ice cream the night before and was feeling sorta quesy. I opted for the vegetable curry crepe which turned out to be a tasty crepe full of beets and parsnips with a slight hint of curry. The vegetables were tender but not overcooked. The crepe came with a garnish of some turnip pickle (absolutely fantastic) and a parmesan cheese crisp. The portion size of the crepe was perfect for lunch and my stomach felt miles better after lunch. My husband had the chicken pesto crepe which he enjoyed.  For dessert we had the popular vanilla custard crepe with strawberries. The star of this dish was the crepe itself whose flavor and texture really came through. Many crepes are all about the filling, and this one had a delicious vanilla custard but it wasn't overly sweet. It was almost like a whipped cream.  While we were waiting for our savory crepes, the kitchen sent out a sample of their sage teacake with a fruit compote. The flavor of the sage really came through and was scrumptious. While waiting for dessert, the kitchen sent out samples of their homemade snickerdoodles with little milk tins.  Overall, this place is warm and inviting, The staff makes you feel at home and like you are a welcomed customer. This is rare these days. The only drawback to this restaurant is the bathroom is in the kitchen area so you have to be escorted there.
5 Crepe Bar is a hidden southern Tempe secret that houses great food, affable service, and fantastic coffee. While it may be a smaller store that attracts hipsters like a sale on Pabst Blue ribbon, it's a wonderful place for a quick delicious lunch, and a satisfying cup of joe.  Before I talk about their namesake, let me first mention their coffee. I believe it's locally sourced, but wherever it's from it smells and tastes delicious. I love their cold brew for the sweeter flavor, but their latte's are excellent as well. Their coffee is always a nice pairing with anything else they serve.  I've sampled most of their "Savory" and "Sweet" menu and can't complain about anything. They have fresh and delicious ingredients and an ever changing menu that when paired with their expert understanding of ingredient ratio's creates a wonderfully balanced and sometimes surprising flavor. Their crepes are light as they should be, so expect a palate satisfying, not "carb intoxicating" experience. Despite what others on Yelp think, if you're complaining about a crepe being light, you might as well complain about soup being wet.  I don't have a lot of time off for lunch, but it's more than enough for a trip here. I've never felt that they've taken long with my order, despite the crowds, and the sample treats they bring to their customers always gives me a smile. I can't think of another pace that does this that doesn't also require a second mortage to eat at.  As for the reviews saying that it's too expensive or takes to long, please compare your experience at Crepe Bar to other similar restaurants. I mean, Essence bakery offers similar fare and they cost almost twice as much and always take much more time to prepare. I love Essence dearly; I'm just saying that good food takes time to prepare, make, plate, and serve. Twenty minutes for two crepes is nothing, and two meals out anywhere for less than $20 is an accomplishment. The only place faster and cheaper would be McDonalds, because even Ihop takes longer.  All in all, for a sweet & satisfying or perhaps a savory & satiating experience, check out Crepe Bar. Everything from their food, coffee, and service is wonderful, and as long as you have a well developed sense of reality, you'll have a great time.
2 I'm torn.. The girl at the register / my psuedo waitress was awesome.. very helpful, and in general, knowledgeable, and kind.  She also made a DELICIOUS pourover coffee.  Also the food was delicious, very delicious, and portion size was good for the price... although I had to look past the HAIR on my plate under my crepe.  I would have complained, but I had already waited far too long for my crepe to arrive, even though there were only a handful of customers in the place. So, since I was on my lunch break, I couldn't wait around for another crepe to be made.  Because I was running late, I asked for a to-go cup for my coffee, and was forced to grab my own, as the food runner didn't actually remember to bring me one.  So if we count stars..  +2 for excellent service from the girl behind the register and the taste/quality of the food.  -3 for the forgetful hipster server guy, the long wait, and the hair in my food.   Let me just say that again.. HAIR... IN .. MY ... FOOD. To the mgmt.. please give that girl a raise, and have a talk with your kitchen crew.
4 Delicious crepes, at least the vanilla bean custard and strawberry one! Busy place on Saturday morning so a long wait for our food but good. My husband and I each ordered the vanilla and strawberry crepe which was delicious but we were both still a little hungry afterward. Will order more next time! Great neighborhood vibe.
4 Great options and good crepes. The mocha was really good. They have the BEST chai here!! Must order that or a dirty chai. OMG!  So so good. The custard filled crepes are the best and the coffee flavored one. Banana Creme brûlée was just ok.
5 This place was incredible. I drive by all the time to and from work and have read great reviews and finally made it this morning. It was great and is will be back. We waited a while to order at the bar and then found a place to sit. I suggest having an idea of what you want and have one person stand in line to order while the other grabs an open table. The cold brew coffee was good coming from a coffee novice, and my girlfriend was a fan of the regular coffee and she is an avid coffee drinker. When I tasted my crêpe, I was floored. I ordered the Crêpe Burro, chipotle crêpe wrapped around bacon, eggs, avocado, and pepper jack cheese. Not to mention the chipotle sea salt and sauce. My girlfriend got the vanilla bean custard with strawberries, and roasted walnuts. We each tried a little of each other's and agreed that we would be back to try the other options and have already found two favorites.
4 I will say this, the place won me over. When we first arrived, I was put out by the complicated & difficult to understand menu. There were lots of terms I've never heard of before (like pork jowl), so it took me a while to figure out what to order. I ended up going with the smoky. And, while the coffee was quick to be made, the only sweetener they had was this really weird stuff in a green package. But after about 10 minutes, the food arrived and then I could see why the place got such good reviews, the food was excellent! And the staff was very friendly!  Pros: *  excellent food *  very friendly staff *  an amazingly little surprised treat (see picture) *  coffee refills ARE free, even though that's not obvious  Cons *  pricey, this place is at least $$, if not $$$ *  bad sweetener for the coffee *  confusing menu *  you pay for your good & tip BEFORE you can evaluate how the service is, so, here's a tip, pick 0%tip when offering & leave the top in cash at the table  Overall, the most important part of any restaurant is the tastiness of food, followed by the service you get, and in those 2 categories, this place Rocs the Casbah!
5 I loved it here. Simply put it's amazing.   I was lucky enough to not have to wait long for service, although I've heard that there can be a long wait time.   The food was good and the prices weren't that bad. I ordered the grand Prix and really enjoyed it, it was a small amount of food but it was really filling. My friends ordered the smokey and the Papa K. Both were delicious.   I used the coupon for free coffee on yelp and it was good, plus free refills.   It was nice be a use after we were done eating one of the servers brought us milk and cookies to enjoy "while we talk." I didn't expect that and was very happy with it.   Overall I'd say that you should definitely go here, even if it means making a drive.
4 This place was awesome..easily some of the best breakfast crepes I had. Unfortunately i did not have the sweet crepes but i am sure they are awesome. The only reason i gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is just for the length of time it took for our food to come out. Other than that i had a great experience.
5 Delicious. Inexpensive. Awesome. Atmosphere is cute, a little hipster-esque but not obnoxiously so. We went on Valentine's Day morning, and it was not as busy as I thought it'd be. The service was quick and friendly, and there is an obvious indication from the gate that there is some serious heart going into cooking your food and making your drinks. Beautiful patio that was nice to enjoy our morning meal on. I got the chicken pesto crepe, and the chicken was cooked perfectly (not too dry) and it had some serious flavor. I got a mocha, too, and it was really delicious.  I was a little sad I didn't get a chance to go back to try one of their sweet crepes. Yet.
5 Yummy! We arrived shortly before close and still received stellar service. They had had a busy lunch and were out of quite a bit of the crepe fillings. But the Staff was super friendly and answered questions and offered  their suggestions when we couldn't decide in which dessert crepe we were gonna have.    I enjoyed the breakfast burrito with no bacon and a vanilla bean crepe w strawberries.  One of the friends I was with got the breakfast burrito with bacon. It had a white bacon powder on it that was a mystery fluff to us before we asked. Apparently is has a subtle bacon flavor. Either way; the idea was creative and original but may have fallen short of its potential.   Before entries came out they brought dehydrated kale chips and a gummy candy treat. It was perfect! After we finished those they brought out a granola mix; which was a little sweet for my palate, but still enjoyable.   The complimentary treats were much appreciated!   Overall vibe of the place is pretty chill with attractive art work.
5 Just finished a delicious breakfast.   I got a build it crepe with white cheddar and chorizo and devoted it.   My friends got the vanilla bean crepe and it was so light and a perfect blend of sweetness.   Highly recommend.
5 This place is wonderful.  When my husband and I showed up today for brunch they were in the middle of rush hour. We should have known better, as it is Sunday, but we had no idea how popular this place was. For very good reason too! There was no available seating when we ordered our food, so one of the employees assessed the area and kindly asked a table if they could make some room for other customers.   We ordered some drinks, a latte and a quad espresso. The latte was one of the best I have had in Phoenix. The espresso was rather bitter and sour/acidic, which wasn't exactly what we were used to. We asked the same employee about it, which we were slightly hesitant to do seeing as though they were so busy. He was incredibly accommodating, offering to make a double espresso to see if that better suited our taste. He also gave us a cup of coffee to try in addition -- and left us with a to-go coffee to enjoy on the road. We did enjoy the taste of the coffee over the espresso, but that is likely due to our taste buds rather than the skill of their barista, who was also very kind.   Overall, the coffee was good, the food was amazing, and the service was the best I have experienced in a very long while. We are bummed to be moving away from Arizona and we wish we could bring this place with us! We'll definitely recommend this place to our pals and drop in during future travels.
4 First time here. Definitely going back, love the atmosphere the coziness big fan of mom-and-pop shops. Definitely going back!
5 I've been following crepe bar since it's food truck days. I would love to see a local version of Cibo's vanilla bean ice cream and fresh fruit crepe. This place could totally rock it and I know they are down to experiment! So let's see it! Fresh ice cream crepes! Summer is coming show us some love! Xoxo
5 I travel to Tempe/Phoenix once every couple of months and found this little gem of an eatery when I was in town on my last visit. I was unable to check it out but managed to a couple of days ago ...  The  Crêpes are delicious and the vanilla custard is just the right amount of sweet. The fresh strawberries send it over the moon :-) I tried the drip coffee, I believe it was the Ethiopian that was brewing and it was amazing! The staff was super friendly and they get an A+ for cleanliness. You won't find Splenda or Sweet n' Low here. They have stevia packets or lump sugar :-)  I do have one complaint though ... The hours stated they are open on Sundays at 9AM. My fiancé and I were so excited to go back and enjoy breakfast on my last day for this visit, however upon arriving at 8:55AM there were no lights or movement on the inside. There were quite a few other patrons who stopped by trying to enjoy the delicious and delectable treats the Crêpe Bar has to offer. We waited until 9:15 and went to another establishment to have breakfast, which turned out to be very disappointing. Looks like we will have to try again on my next visit.... I have to amend my complaint :-) It turns out they are closed for Spring cleaning! That gets them an A++ in my book!
5 I'm so impressed!!! Got to go at least once my new favorite place
3 Loveeeeee me some crepes!!!!!  We came here for breakfast one morning.. I ordered the breakfast burro. This comes with chipotle crepe, eggs, bacon, queso jack, avocado and salsa. I also added chorizo to it. This crepe was sooooooo delicious! I do wish that it came with more avocado though. The chipotle sauce that it comes with was really good. I washed everything down with a chai tea that wasn't too shabby.   I really liked this place except there's a really long wait to get your food. I'm not sure if it's always like this but we waited about 30-35 minutes for our food. Maybe longer. I didn't know what to expect when I came here. I thought it was a full on restaurant. But it's not. You go to the front, get in line and order your dish. The place is really small so seating is also very limited. They should think about expanding the place. I'd come back to try out some more crepes though. =)
5 This day for $5 I paid for a lemon crepe, this included a dollar tip.  As a collective they gave me a piece of art, a total experience of excellence in a craft.  -A Joyous Lemon Crepe Danced Before Me & In My Mouth  Display 5 stars Taste 5 stars Atmosphere 5 stars Hospitality 5 stars Specialty Coffee 5 stars
5 One of favorite places. A seriously wonderful place. The crepes are wonderfuly thin and tasty. Go early otherwise it gets pretty busy. The food is simple but so fresh and clean. Mostly breakfast items. The smokey is my favorite and my wife loves the First Time. There coffee is experty done with multiple methods, french press, aero press, expresso or drip. We try to go every weekend. :) WE LOVE THIS PLACE!
5 I love this place, everything was excellent from the tea and coffee to the savory crepes and the sweet crepes.   Be prepared for a bit of a wait as it gets busy and everything is freshly prepared.  Don't let that put you off though,  sit back and enjoy your coffee, the crepes are well worth the wait.
5 Love this place, food is great people are nice, service is 5 star why go anywhere else on sat, sun mourning. My fav are CB cereal, burrito and any of the crepes they serve.
3 I was craving crepes so I headed over to Crepe Bar to try some for breakfast. At around 10 A.M. the restaurant was filled to a little less than half capacity, with tables both inside and outside.  I decided on a make your own crepe, choosing smoked Gouda, mushroom ragout, and eggs. I also redeemed a check in offer for a free Maya tea (Pomegranate green tea).  While I was waiting the server brought by some freshly made granola, which was a good appetizer to my meal. It was a little too salty for my tastes, but it wasn't too big of a deal for me since it was free.  The crepe itself was a hearty portion, and looked delicious. There was a small pile of mixed green salad with vinaigrette on it. The salad probably should have been plated to the side. Since the crepe was piping hot, the mixed greens tasted hot when I ate them.  In addition, the dressing was too one dimensional for me to enjoy it, since all I could taste was a generic "acidic" flavor.  Onto the crepe. The first few bites were great. I loved the mixture of mushroom, egg, and smoked cheese. But, the more bites I took, the more I could taste a fine sand-like grittiness in my crepe. I think it was the cheese? Nonetheless, it dampened my culinary experience here, chewing on a sand-like texture in the midst of the other ingredients. The crepe itself was cooked nicely at least, with the right mixture of tenderness and crispiness around the edges.  The tea was cool and refreshing, a perfect compliment to the crepe. Off to the side of the cashier's table they have various forms of sugar, including Stevia in the raw.  I'm not sure I'd go here again to try a savory crepe. Maybe a dessert crepe will taste better!
5 Ok this has now become my wife and mines weekly place. Simply amazing. Today we had a smoky and for the first time an andoui. Really good but I prefer the smoky because of its more complex flavor. My wife had the breakfast burrito. Its Her favorite!  See you next week!
5 This place is absolutely darling. Seriously, I'm in love.   For someone who likes specialty coffee, this place is great. They serve Heart coffee, which is absolutely one of the best roasters in America. Their crepes are delicious and their staff is friendly. Our barista, a pretty brunette with awesome cat eyeliner and bangs, was friendly and kind and I found the hipster atmosphere and jazzy tunes perfect for my morning breakfast experience.   Great place! Will go again :)
5 Hands down one of my favorite places for a weekend treat. Great crepes and great coffee. Yes the place is small so you may need to wait a bit for a table and your mouthwatering crepe. It's worth the wait. Or just plan on going earlier when it's not as crowded.
5 The smallest detail doesn't go unnoticed in this excellent breakfast spot. By far the best food and service I've had in a long time! I love the vanilla crepe as a favorite go-to.
5 I love the crepes here. It's comparable to the food in France. The Papa K with an egg is one of my favorites.
4 That person you just woke up next to and want to impress with some international-local fare? Check Crepe Bar.  The first thing you'll probably notice are the decorations. Some nice maison-style blues and whites are all over the place, along with plenty of room to walk around this little home next to P. Croissant bakery.   I had the breakfast burro. It comes in a chipotle crepe which even has the same color as the sauce. Decent prices (although...they are crepes, take that remark how you will) and excellent service. Some dude came by and blessed our table with some house made granola which was salty as hell but a nice touch nonetheless.   Apparently the coffee is awesome, I didn't get a chance to try it because I skipped my morning poo and thought it best to skip.
5 AMAZING!!!!! No other crepes can beat these! The service is great. I just wish it was open longer
5 Went here the first time today, and it was a pleasant experience. I ordered the vanilla bean custard crepe with 55% valrhona chocolate and it was excellent. Order took a while to serve up, but the waiter gave us some granola to munch on while we waited. My boyfriend got the first timer banana brulee with nutella and that was very good too. Coffee was just okay, not terribly impressive...probably would skip the coffee next time. But definitely would come back here for crepes. This place is very popular and crowded, but their food is worth the wait.
5 One of my favorite places in Tempe, I get really good vibes here, all of the staff are friendly and the owner is great!  You can order anything off the menu and pretty much be amazed by it.  I am upset for 1 reason though, after having a vanilla latte here I can no longer enjoy a latte from other places, it isn't the same!  I wish I lived a bit closer to Crepe bar, but when I go it is always a great treat!  I recently had a meet-up here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9xB1WzwJTE  Thank you for your superb customer service :)
5 I absolutely love Crêpe Bar. My favorite is the maple crepe with bananas and bacon.   I also enjoy the vanilla crêpe. Basically any of the sweet crapes are good. My husband likes the breakfast burrito type crepes.    If you plan on going on a Sunday make sure you have lots of time because the restaurant is small but, the wait is worth it. If the wait is long usually they give out things like yogurt or oatmeal as sort of an appetizer.
5 Food was superb, flavorful, and diverse. Coffee was excellent. I will definitely be coming back for more!
5 Best coffee in the metro-phoenix area, hands down.  The staff feels more like a new group of friends than a staff.  The crepes are delicious and creative, though they take a while.  The environment is friendly and hip.  Even going to the restroom is a nice experience.  The restroom is in the back - ask the staff and they will take you back - then the entire kitchen staff will greet you and smile as you walk through.  I've never had a bad experience there.  This place is like an oasis in a desert.
2 I really wanted to like this place, but it was a disappointment. Prices were OK, service was friendly but unacceptably slow, food was very disappointing.   We had two different crepes; the Grand Prix and the burro. The flavors of the burro - while definitely southwestern - were poorly balanced. The spices were front and center rather than being complimentary. The crepe itself was heavy and doughy rather than light. The Grand Prix was served with an egg sunny side up with grossly under cooked whites. The crepe was also heavy and doughy and the flavors were poorly balanced. Perhaps our expectations were out of line but 24 bucks for two coffees and 2 below average crepes just seems wrong. Sadly, we won't be back.
5 Seriously delicious breakfast. Took 40 minutes to get our order but it was innovative and perfectly cooked. Friendly staff. Nice design. We will be back.
5 This place is phenomenal!  I had the veggie crepe for breakfast & banana & Nutella for dessert.  Simply amazing!  Great job to the chef/owner for bringing quality food to the valley.
4 If I could be in love with any breakfast place, this would be the one. Crepe Bar has the best service, sweet crepes, and ambiance there is to offer.  1. Service: The staff here are exceedingly friendly and willing to help you understand any menu item. This is a sit-down type atmosphere, though you will have to order at the front. When you are waiting for the food (sometimes the wait might be a bit long) servers will bring out a delicious starting dish for you. Thus far I have gotten some various exquisite little pastries to munch on.  2. Sweet crepes: Hands down the best sweet crepes in the Valley. Thus far I have tried most of their crepes and coffees, and most of them have blown me away. I have a large sweet tooth so I would definitely recommend getting the sweet crepes, though (most) of the savory ones are delicious as well. The sweet crepes are soft and delicious, without being too sweet or flavorful. They are usually topped with sugar that makes just the right amount of crunch and satisfaction with every bite. I would highly recommend the lemon flavor.  3. Ambiance: The ambiance here is extremely calming. There is natural light streaming through their windows, and their chairs are painted with happy colors. They have funky art lining their walls as well, which serve as good amusement if you have are having an awkward conversation. The outside seating is really accessible as well. The only downfall would be the fact that the place is fairly small and the lines sometimes go out the door.  If you have an hour or two free on your schedule, definitely hit up the Crepe Bar- I doubt it will disappoint.
5 What a fantastic find! We went for brunch and had two delicious meals. The breakfast burro crepe and sausage crepe are flavorful, nice portions. The service was impeccable. They came out to check on how we enjoyed our food, gave us roasted almonds while we waited, and refilled our coffee for us (it isn't table service, so this was above and beyond). What a fun local business. I highly recommend it! Get there early, they get busy on the weekend-understandably!
5 By far my favorite brunch place in the East Valley! I have yet to try something that I don't like. So far, the crepes I keep going back to are the Vanilla Bean Custard & the First Time. The crepe itself is delicious but the vanilla bean custard on that crepe and the nutella & banana combination on the other makes them so delicious! It's also nice that they bring over a little snack while waiting for the order. I've introduced many people to this place as a result of the delicious food, low prices, prompt service, and laid back atmosphere. I will keep coming back over & over.
5 Whenever I hear "crepe" I think of banana and nutella, but this place definitely turned that thinking around. The breakfast burrito was very flavorful without being too heavy, even with the mayo sauce. I actually really liked the crepe as a substitute for tortilla; it's a lot chewier and moist without being soggy. I gotta try their sweet crepes next!  The service was outstanding as well. I was apprehensive about the staff being snobby hipsters, especially since it was only 45 min till closing time when we got there. To my surprise, they were super friendly. Actually some of the patrons didn't get their food until almost 2pm, but I didn't feel like the staff was rushing them to finish.
5 This place is the ish!  Got off the plane, yelped breakfast tempe and there I was.   Coffee: They use reputable roasters and have skilled baristas. These guys would be a very good stand-alone coffee shop. Cheers to that.  Food: I tried the breakfast burrito. It hit the spot and then some. Flavorful, fresh and extremely well-prepared.  Staff: Extremely friendly and smart staff. Had a great conversation with them and it is obvious that they care greatly about their product.   I HIGHLY recommend Crepe Bar!
5 Right when you walk in you can already feel the vibe. Great vibes that is!! Some music, attentive staff, and customers enjoying the crepes galore!   All you have to do is order at the counter where all the assorted off-menu pastries are and pay using the square attached to the iPad. You can have the receipt emailed or printed. It gives you a suggested tip too!   The staff brought out their homemade CB cereal made of granola and dried fruit served in a teeny tiny bowl (the size of a sake cup) with whole milk and baby spoons to use all presented on a slate board. And then came their porridge with some barley and oats of some sort served cold in a bowl that was a bit bigger. A sweet sensation.   Now comes the crepes!! Savory: Shared the Chicken Pesto with white cheddar, skinny caramelized onions and slivered circle red onions; and the Smokey (with turkey, smoked gouda, avocado and chorizo) each encased in a the thin crepe. Both were accompanied with a mini simple greens. Smokey had a more robust flavor from the smoked gouda while the chicken pesto was searching for more of the pesto.   Sweet: Pick Me Up-- this is very innovative as far as infusing the coffee into the crepe with a shiny coffee glaze alongside the espresso mascarpone waiting on the sides of the plate dusted with the 5 spice crumble. This will pick you up if you didn't get the coffee already!   I would love to come back here again!! There is more to try like the Grand Prix, 13mi, and Lemon Drop! This is an appealing hang out place to eat, chat and sip on coffee!
5 Amazing! Hands down. Friendly , accommodating, and welcoming. The food here is nothing short than DELICIOUS. The owner is also a cook here as well.... a fantastic one. I believe the food was made with such experience,pride and filled with the love of someone who enjoys and lives for the art craft of cooking. I was beyond satisfied. I would love to become a regular and i RARELY say that.   P.S. The chi tea was excellent
4 Quaint little place next to p.croissant. They've got a bunch of savory and sweet creeps as well as some damn good coffee. The ingredients are all so fresh it makes it easy to love. I had ordered the duck Cuban but they were completely out of duck. We switched it up without any problem and they gave me a dessert on the house for the trouble. Really great customer service. Far exceeded my expectations. Everyone who works there is nice, chill and helpful.
5 I've been here 4 times now and had 6 different items on the menu so I figured its time for a review on Yelp. Everything I've had is delicious, smokey, papa k, andouille, pork belly, dulce de leche scone, and a coffee sweet crepe. My favorite is the andouille, sooooo much flavor and it compliments the delicious coffee perfectly. The coffee is Heart coffee from Oregon and it's my new favorite. I was told Heart coffee is liked by beer drinkers because of its unique taste. Drink it black the first time you have it and if you prefer cream and/or sugar after trying it straight then go for it.  Finally, the ambiance is upbeat and energizing with a perfect mix of music, mostly oldies and classic rock. Hands down my favorite breakfast joint in AZ. Well done to the staff and owners!
5 This place is absolutely awesome!  Deliciousness in every bite of the 3 crepes that I tried, totally unexpected tasty samplers while waiting, and super service!  While waiting for our orders, we received a sample of the CB cereal and farro pudding.  The cereal was more than just your typical cereal (some nuts and dried fruits - check out the pics).  The pudding was a cool refreshing treat that I'll have to try more of.  Then the crepes came out.  We tried the chicken pesto and the smokey crepe.  Both offer such great flavors of savoriness.  The dessert crepe was the Pick Me Up Crepe - if you love your share of coffee, this one is definitely for you (packed with espresso marscapone and hazelnut goodness).  I cannot wait to try the other items!
5 Brunch on a Tuesday???? Yup!!! We were around the Tempe area for an early appointment so we decided to have brunch around Tempe as well. We decided to have crêpes. If you want crêpes, you go to a place that specializes on Crêpes, right? If a place is called Crêpe Bar, I guess that means they do good crêpes.  We found the place off of S Rural. The place is small but can probably sit 50 people. The vibe of the place was upbeat. Music played in the background but it wasn't very loud. Just kept the place cozy and vibrant. The colors on the walls were appealing. Hues of blue and grey fill the place with accents of green, orange and pastel colors.  Let's talk about their food. It was AWESOME!!!! My first five star on Yelp. From the service, to the place and ofcourse the food... IT WAS AWESOME (it was so awesome I wrote it three times already). We had The Burro (savory), The Grand Prix (savory) and the Vanilla Bean Custard (sweet) crêpe. We also had the Maya tea and the Hot caramel latte for our drinks.  The Burro... this is your breakfast burrito on a crêpe. Crêpe was chipotle flavored with scrambled eggs, chorizo, avocado and pepper jack cheese. I would have wanted a little more of the sauce used for plating. I feel that it really complimented the dish. The little sauce on my plate did not make the experience less enjoyable though. There was a surprising kick on every bite with a hint of sweetness from the crêpe and savory delight from the chorizo. The avocado definitely completed that southwest flavor and added a refreshing flavor to the dish.  The Grand Prix was my favorite. I love the creamyness of the fat from the pork belly that was cooked to perfection. It melts in your mouth. There was also the added crunch from the maple glazed pork jowl. The pork glory is placed on a bed of coffee Crêpe topped with a sunny side up egg. I would have loved it more if the egg was little runny but overall I would order it again and recommend it to everyone.   We ended our meal with the vanilla bean custard with strawberries, almonds and salted caramel. It wasn't too sweet considering the salted caramel and vanilla custard. The perfect bite would be a piece of crepe, a bite of strawberry, a dash of candied almonds, topped with custard and salted caramel. Everything just goes well together.  We would definitely come back. Maybe we'll bring friends with us next time to share our new found favorite Crêpe bar in Arizona.
3 Nice people and good food  This is a hipster-crepe paradise.  Really nice, young staff working.  Food is fresh-tasting and not overpowering.  And overall experience was good.  When you enter, you seat yourself and someone visits to let you know to order at the register. Quick process, though the orientation could have been a bit smoother with a sign up front.  We also struggled to find a table big enough for four-- couple two-tops available in different areas, so we went with a three-top and used a lap.  You also get some snack granola that we liked.  We had the Breakfast Buro, Smokey, Curd, and Vanilla Crepe.  Smokey was the best of the bunch. Habenero sauce I added to the Buro added heat without flavor. The Vanilla crepe had very little vanilla or chocolate (add-on) flavor, but was still worthy overall.  Again, food was good, if unremarkable.  People were super pleasant.  It's one of those places that is really close to fan-worthy, but is one step away.  Just can't find a way to say four stars or higher.
4 Small but still nice.  Feels like a hipster joint. But I live crepes and the crepes were actually good. Are here twice now most likely going to keep coming back.
5 Dude. If you haven't been to Crepe Bar - you need to get off your butt right now and check it out! Holy deliciousness Batman! Cute little place, pretty convenient location, SUPER friendly staff, ah-mayyyyy-zing food! I can't list ALL my faves, but I will say the Papa K is fantastic, as is the Smokey (and the First Time if you want something sweet). Every visit has been nothing short of fantastic, which is why we keep going back. Also try their coffee (yummy mocha for your sweet tooth) - and cookies/scones/etc are YUMMY!   GO! NOW!! You can thank me later.
5 The wife found this place and came and then brought our group back on the way to the Air Port. Everything we had both the Savory and Sweet items were absolutely delicious. The vanilla Latte with two shots of Expresso was great too. At the end they brought us a complimentary cookie and milk. Outstanding food and service in a very casual setting.
5 When I arrived to Arizona, the first thing that came to my mind was, "This place is hot as balls! How do people survive here?!" The weather was a smoldering 107 F and my car was dying a slow, heat induced death. It was only the first full day in the Grand Canyon State and I wanted to punch myself in the face for coming out here. But maybe I was simply this way because of the lack of nutrients in my belly. So I met up a friend at a place highly recommended by the locals and drove my poor car to Crepe Bar.  Deco: 4 stars  The moment you walk in, you're welcomed into a refreshing atmosphere. Not only is the air conditioning keeping this place cool, but the colors and art work also add to the aura of coolness. The colors are hues of blue with white background, the tables are refreshingly cold to the touch, and the front counter has a great homegrown feel to it that is welcoming to anyone, from local to tourist. I found out the scheme for the inside was supposed to feel like your eating outside because Crepe Bar started off as a food truck before having roots in a building. The framed art work on the walls are done by a local artist whom is quite famous but I forgot the name of. There's a lot of personality to just the deco and it was one of many examples I discovered of the creativity and artistic nature of the Arizona people.  Service: 5 stars  The service here was incredible. When I go somewhere new, especially far from my home, I like to talk to the locals and find out their stories. Add that with my unrelenting desire for food and I can get pretty inquisitive. But the staff here was amazing. Not only were they friendly, they were kick back and gave the type of service you only see in movies. Each person had a personality and wasn't only a face. There was pleasure and pride in the work they do and a sincerity that crossed over with their words and actions. It was great to interact with homosapiens who spoke to you without a facade. And the kicker to all this: while I was waiting for my food to come out, they brought out not only one, but TWO complimentary items of food while my friend and I sat and conversed. WHAT SWEETHEARTS!  Food: 4 stars  The food here was quite delicious, especially for the simplicity. They get the most flavors out of the ingredients they use and create something not just pretty, but also tasty. Although I'm not a huge fan of savory crepes, I was coerced to try out the chicken pesto crepe and greatly appreciated the choice. It was a great blend of herbs and chicken. The gooey cheese inside melted perfectly with the above mentioned ingredients and when the cheese hit the edges of the crepe, a delicious, crispy cheesy crust was created; a perfect contrast in flavor and texture to the rest of the crepe. The complimentary items were also small nibbles of what food they were experimenting with. Whether it was coffee grinds added to a cookie or the fresh granola made in house, the food was refreshing and delicious. Even now, I want to wrap my tongue around those flavors once more for there was genuine happiness in each bite.  Conclusion  Crepe Bar is a perfect example of how simple ingredients and amazing service can make a dining experience into one of pure joy. For me, Crepe Bar wasn't only a great lunch spot, but a place that opened my eyes to the creative side of Arizona that never gets mentioned. The people of Arizona have an eye for the artistic, a playfulness in their cooking, and a heart of sincerity. Crepe Bar showed me Arizona is filled with vast amount of stories to discover and I was excited, and still am, to see what more I discover.
5 Small little place. Easy to miss from the road (look for P. Croissant's on the NW side of the road. It is located just north of the corner store P. Croissant's).  When you walk in, you will notice how tidy, clean and quaint everything is. Not ideal for huge parties though, but not sure who would bring a huge party to get crepes. Once you get up to the front and figure out what you want to purchase (which is a feat on its own considering their selection), you will be greeted by wonderful service. I have been here half a dozen times, about half to get take out, and the other half for to stay, and every time service has really been top notch.  While I was waiting for my food, I got a little sample of their granola. After our dine in, we got a little cookie as a thank you dessert. It is small touches like this which really bring customers back.  Outside their sweet (my favorite) and savory crepes, I really enjoyed their selection of beverages. I've had their chai, and their coffee, and both were wonderful.   The only thing I advise is that you come here with a few friends. This way, you can try more than one crepe because believe me when I say you will not be satisfied with only having 1 from their wonderful selection.
5 "Hipster service" can be a frightening thought but the kids at The Crepe Bar must be majoring in culinary services. The atmosphere is laid back but there is nothing lazy about the quality of food and service. This isn't the regular chain style breakfast joint, as soon as the food arrives you can see it in the plating and most importantly, taste it.
5 The atmosphere is laid back, the service is amazing. I had the breakfast burro with chorizo and a drip coffee.  My wife had the smokey and a chai latte. The portion sizes are just enough, but not too much. The drinks were very good. We received multiple complimentary small bites from the chef, much to our surprise.  This may have been because we were there on Father's Day. The dishes were simple, yet delicious.  We will definitely be returning and bringing friends.
5 I would give this place 6 stars if I could. I went here today for my birthday with my boyfriend.  What. A. Treat.  We didn't even mention that it was my birthday until after we were done eating, but we were still treated like we were important. During our meal we were given three complimentary samples of some of their food. It was all to die for. Lemon bars, milk and cookies, and roasted marshmallows.  We started with a sugar crepe with berries then moved on to the "main course." My boyfriend got the breakfast burro and I got the smokey.  I cannot remember the last time I ate so much of my meal with my eyes closed, just enjoying every single moment of my food.  The coffee was also amazingly flavorful (with free refills!).  The staff were amazingly nice and the service was quick.   I've honestly never been so impressed with a restaurant.  Thanks for making my birthday so special!!! Crepe Bar ROCKS!!!!!
4 The food was amazing.  We were a party of three and we all absolutely loved the food.  The only reason i didnt give five stars is because the food took 30-35 minutes, and I noticed that was about the going wait for everyone.  The kitchen is very small (i know this, because you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom), so there is probably not a whole lot they can do about turnaround time.  Anyhoo, if you are patient and not on a time crunch during their busy times, its worth the wait.
5 This place has everything you want in a little restaurant - great service and amazing food. The smoky crepe was delicious, and I also tried some of my wife's which was the vanilla bean custard, also very good. While we waited for our food they also gave us a bowl of granola to munch on until our crepes were done. It was very busy, right when they opened on Sunday morning, but they still went out of their way to treat us like royalty. I ordered an iced chai tea as well and it was the best one I've ever had.  I'd like to eat here every week if possible!
5 Such a cool (and delicious) place! I went here on a weekday morning and it was surprisingly busy. I got the vanilla bean crepe, and it was really good. The only thing I would change is the portion sizes. I think they put a lot of presentation into the dish and not enough food. But, they gave us granola when we were waiting and a lemon bar when we were talking after we ate. That really made up for the small portion. Anyway, really good place. I will definitely return.
5 A hidden gem that I try to get back to on a regular basis. Initially I was intrigued by the breakfast burrito which is to die for.  This last time I had something with pork belly and egg.  It was ridiculously good.  I think they only have it at certain times a day so that is a must.  What's funny is that the clientele is a diverse as the menu.  I've seen soccer moms, couples, and a group of dudes ride up on their motorcycles.  If you can bring in people from all walks of life like that, then you must be doing something right.
4 Super delicious! Only complaint was the wait! Will be back for the Nutella crepe
4 Started out as a food truck and did well enough to turn into a restaurant. As someone else noted, located in an unassuming strip mall but hipster heaven with a number of excellent food items. I do a morning monthly toastmaster meeting (new president of the club) and I'm moving it from some horrible chain breakfast place to here where the coffee is good and the food is even better - hopefully I'll work my way through the menu over the next year! ;-)
5 I wish this place was near my house so I could eat there every day.  Hands down this place has THE MOST DELICIOUS crepes I've ever had!!  Everything was yummy!  The service was incredible! The staff was so friendly and even came by with extra little samplings. I'm a fan and can't wait to go back!!
4 Awesome food! Everything was great except for the seating. They have very limited spacing so it may be difficult to find seating for a medium to large party. They offer all sorts of sandwiches and coffee. Great service!
