1 Wish I knew the name of the lady manning the ticket counter because I would put her on blast for how UNHELPFUL she was and the trouble she put us all through.  Sunday morning, arrived at McCarran to leave Vegas after a bachelorette party. We were by no means late having arrived 9:50 am for an 11:20 flight for LAX. My friends and I had checked in at the kiosk while the lone friend who had brought along a big luggage was trying to check that in as well. The minute she gets up to the front of the line, the AA worker informs my friend that her check in time has already passed and her seat may be given away to stand by. With no other vacancies on other flights, she prints out a boarding pass for a flight the next day at 7 am. We asked whether there was anything she could do to get on the same flight with us. The AA worker is neither helpful.. nor sympathetic.. a person we spent way too much time trying to reason with and plead for help. Maybe just to get us off her back, she tells us to go try waiting at the terminal and if we get lucky, our friend may be able to board as standby. She doesn't tell us anything more nor anything less and walks off. WHAT??  AA worker must have been with the airline for who knows how long.. she must have known that we can't get past TSA without a gate pass. We don't know this since we've never worked at an airline nor have we ever missed a flight. But off we go to the TSA.. HUGE LINE... we make it to the front.. where they instruct us to go right back to get the gate pass. WHAT???. With the time now at 10:50... we instruct one friend to just go and get to the terminal.. see if there was anything they can do to wait for us and at the very least.. go home back to her kid and husband. The rest of us can manage if we were to miss a flight since we don't have too important an engagement. She bolts off to the terminal.. but thats no easy feat since you would have to first board a tram that takes you for 5 minutes to the other building where then you must run about a mile and take like.. 5 escalators to get there. She makes it to the terminal by 11:10 with 10 minutes to spare before departing.. where they inform her they've already closed the gate.   So now we've all missed our flights. No refund. No apologies. There was no way we'd stay another day so we got a rental and drove back home..
2 Again...another airline I'm not wowed by. Our plane arrived late, so we didn't board on time. The plane was WAY out of date....no TV's, old seats, etc. And again, all the food has to be purchase, nothing for free. The staff on this airline was much nicer than other ones I have been on. I'm still on the hunt for a airline that I like!
2 I'm a loyal southwest flyer, but this time, SWA doesn't fly into itty bitty Wichita Falls, TX  so I had to fly with AA.   The line to check in was long, but it moved fast.  The gate agent was polite and really helpful, changed my little boy and I from tiny seats in the back to the front row behind first class.  Now Isabel the flight attendant was NOT pleasant. The old woman next to me clutching her huge hand bag and service dog didn't get a word spoken to her, however me, with the 4 year old,the car seat, the stress of traveling with said 4 year old and the bag that was the SAME SIZE as the woman next to me, was told to find an storage cabinet and put it up there.  Little did she know, I didn't put it back up for landing...and we all survived!
1 Horrible experience this last December on an international flight from Las Vegas. Spent almost 8 hours in the airport due to approx. 4 hours of flight delays with little to no information about the issue. After the 4 hour delay we were given the option to fly the following day, as we were already going to miss our connecting flight in Miami, or wait to see if the plane would take off. Luckily we left when we did, because we later learned the flight never left as there was a dent in the plane. Following the 4 hour flight delay, we got to sit for approx. 2 hours next to baggage claim waiting for our bags (that never arrived) to come up from the tarmac.Yes, it took them 2 hours, and multiple people, to realize that half of the bags were sent to connecting cities while the other half made it their owners. My husband got his bag, mine flew to Miami, and then to Brazil, which I was later told by an AA agent that this was a major safety/security violation as bags are not supposed to fly without owner. Great job AA, my bag was immediately sent to lost baggage without going through customs or clearance.  After the 8 hour delay at the airport we were compensated with a room (the least they could do) which didn't provide a shuttle to accommodate everyone, so a taxi was paid out of pocket. In addition, for the extended period of time being stuck at the airport, and the following morning's expected delay, we were given food vouchers for..... $24 for 2 people. $24 didn't even cover the cost of 2 waters and 2 sandwiches in the airport!! Needless to say we were again, out of pocket for dinner, and the following day's food before the 11am flight.  If only the problems had stopped there. Because of the mix-up in flights, and having to reschedule for the following day (in under 24 hours), we were told that food requests couldn't be guaranteed. Being vegetarians, we needed our vegetarian option on the plane but were told it couldn't be done in LV, and had to be handled at the ticketing counter in the connecting city. With flight delays, we arrived with 20 minutes to make it to connecting gate. We rushed to our gates ticketing counter to try and explain our meal situation and we were told we'd have to go to the service desk, which was about a 5min walk from our gate. Running to the service counter, and seeing about 25 people waiting in line, we tried to explain our situation of needing to arrange a meal for the upcoming 9 hour flight to a nearby AA counter and were told, wait in line. With 10minutes before boarding and 25 people in line, we returned to our gate....  I would never recommend this flight agency to anyone, sure cheap flights with no problems are possible... but is the $ worth all the lack of customer service/consideration when there is a problem? Something to consider.
5 We were very happy to fly with American Airlines. The check in process was very quick and easy. My boyfriend and I had completely desperate seats. At the gate they upgraded our seats for us to sit together without us even asking them to do so. Awesome experience with outstanding customer service!
3 I just wish the flights would leave on time!
1 Ewwww..  I dislike this airlines...  I only ride it because it's what the government pays for me to travel....  always delayed, uncourteous workers, seating issues...  etc, etc, etc... I don't  know how I made reservations with a confirmation code two months prior to my flight and when I get to the gate I'm on standby for a seat...  delays, delays, delays...  Hate AA!!!
1 I would like to start off by saying that the reservations team that American Airlines has is by far one of the worst within the industry. When calling the automated  service the system doesn't understand the letter V. The when talking about changes with in my reservation. The 3 reps that handled me. Passed me on to another department like I was some washed up used person. All 3 reps wouldn't care for what I had to say. Let alone have a heart. A company like American Airlines should really value the travelers. Just when I truly thought that I found an airline that was amazing. Turned out to be a horrific experience.....   I'm not sure why I'm even writing this. Not like this company even cares about me or anyone else that flys on AA...  All I'm trying to do is fix my flight for my 30th birthday in SJU.
1 My first time flying American..even though my friend warned me against it.  My gate changed 2 times and was delayed 3 times..don't know if I'll make my connection now!
2 I always fly out of Fort Lauderdale using one of their competitors. The only reason I flew out of Miami using American Airlines is because I got a great deal to Las Vegas flying with them with hotel included. The only real chagrins I have with them are finding your reservation online and checking-in early. Finding my reservation online was not the easiest of tasks which prompted me to call to make sure I was indeed booked and ready to go. As far as checking-in early, I did receive the e-mail with that option to depart MIA but, nothing for my way back from LAS. No big deal, their check-in at the airport was stress free and easy to use.  I'm not a fan of companies SPAMming your e-mail but, in this case any type of communication was non-existent for two weeks. Both to and fro. Useless stuff you don't need, however, that I did get e-mails for.
1 The last couple of times I have been on this Airline the Flight Attendants have been horrible  I was sitting in row eight and by the time that they got to me they already ran out of food and coca cola.  I mean really with eight rows in front of you, you run out of everything.    They flight attendants all seem to hate there job and are so unfriendly.  I hope I dont have to fly AA again for awhile.
1 Don't let American Airlines screw up your vacation. Use some other airline like Jet Blue or Delta. These people don't have a clue how to run an airline. I will not use them ever again.
3 The thing to understand about American Airlines is that you have to have status to be treated well.  A long time ago I got "Gold" status after flying all over the country one year. I then participated in a little known program called the 10,000 mile challenge. Essentially you pay AA like $500 and try to fly 10,000 miles in 3 months. If you do it... You get Platinum status.  Now as a Platinum you can actually get upgrades and other perks that make flying AA worthwhile.  Once you have Platinum status you can essentially pay AA to keep it if you don't make the miles (but it's really expensive - like $1000 per year). Anyway, AA ain't do bad if you're a Platinum and now I've told all of you how to get it. Good luck!!
1 What has happened to AA!?! I have flown them for 30 years and have seen an abysmal service record for the past five years! Stupid me for not leaving them sooner but I was a loyal gold member. The last straw was the terrible service I received from AAdvantage customer service. I needed some info and got a gum chewing bimbo that really must have hated her job!  To heck with American Airlines! I now fly Southwest Airlines. Much nicer people!
1 I now know the devil exists, and I know this because I've met Sharon Beach: She turns the words "customer service" into an oxymoron! I had to cancel a flight because my grandmother passed away & American Airlines told me the only way I could get a refund or credit would be to go to the airport & show her death certificate ... Which was a pain, but I understand. However, I had the horrible misfortune of walking up to Sharon at the counter. She was so rude & said she couldn't help me & that I would have to call customer service (which I already did and they were the ones who told me I needed to go in person). So I stood there & called customer service and because I refused to leave her counter while I called, she called Airport security on me!!!! Needless to say, when Security arrived they were on my side and did nothing and when I got a customer service representative on the line, she explained to Sharon that all she needed to do was verify the death certificate for me. Sharon then proceeded to look over my grandmothers death certificate and quiz me... Asking me what my grandmother's name was and where she lived ... Etc meanwhile I was crying. Long story short-- I got the credit but I will NEVER EVER fly on American Airlines again!!!!!!! Ever!
2 You just don't realize how nice Southwest is until you fly with these bozos. Old MD80s with tiny seats wedged together and bins that hold nothing so you have to check a carryon bag make it miserable. The crews seem jaded because everyone is miserable on the plane and they have just given up. I will do my best to avoid American
2 Got stuck on the plane for an extra hour after landing. Wifi is  "free" but you have to pay for it.
1 Terrible! Understaffed and we waited in line for 2.5 hours to check our bags, at which time we missed our flight. It was their fault, a plane broke down and caused a huge delay. They refused to reimburse me for my hotel reservation I missed and refused to compensate me for the hotel I had to book in Miami because they ended up giving me a flight with an overnight layover. It's cost me hundreds of dollars for their delay and a much needed day on vacation. I would pay more and fly southwest. Avoid American and spirit at all cost
3 I really wanted to give 5 Stars, but I really can't. Overall, American Airlines has been awesome! I fly them more frequently than most other airlines now, and they're my "go-to" airline currently. BUT, I really have to say sometimes the gate agents are not very friendly. I understand how a stressful job like that can get to us at times, but it really boils down to the necessity of providing excellent customer service....always! The Las Vegas gate agents that I've encountered are just cold. Therefore, had to give 3 Stars.   On the flip side, I've been very impressed by the customer service of other AA staff- a very helpful ticket agent in Dallas...and all of the flight crews I've seen.    On my last flight with AA to Dallas, I was privileged to fly first class. The service was excellent the whole flight, and the food was much better than I would have imagined! Some kind of Quiche with spinach and cheese. A side of fresh fruit and a muffin. Yum!   Even in coach they have some great snack options for purchase, most are pretty healthy. I bought the protein pack for $6 and it was surprisingly delicious! It had Nature Valley fig bars...so good! I even bought a box when I returned home.
2 Flight from Miami was on time to las vegas. However, I waited one hour for baggage to come from the plane to the baggage carousel.   That is way too long.
