4 Roasted pork--so soft it's like eating a fleshlight. Don't really like giving stars during restaurants first week. Really, really good food and drinks.
5 Beautiful and cozy space, fantastic drinks, and delicious vegetarian options. Go now, before you need to book reservations weeks out!
5 I am so excited that Underground Food Collective opened up this new restaurant! It's not meant to replace Underground Kitchen, which closed last year after a fire, but it's definitely filled that gap in Madison for inventive farm-to-table food.   My husband and I came on a Saturday evening during their first week being advertised as open, about 7:45, and were told we'd have a half hour wait. The space is small -- tables for about 20-25 plus bar seating -- and has plenty of natural light, dark wood, and kitschy taxidermic decor (not so much to offend our vegetarian sensibilities).  We ordered a couple of cocktails and waited by the windows, where a ledge for drinks and candles provided a nice space to hang out. I got a martini, listed on the menu as having Death's Door gin (local!), sherry, and pickled ramps. How could that not be delicious? My husband got a manhattan with rye and cucumber in it, which was an interesting way to turn a very wintery drink into something appropriate for the summer. We both liked my martini a bit better than his manhattan.  When we were seated, we ordered a great bottle of wine and four plates to share, as the menu is small-to-medium servings. We started out with a local cheese plate, which featured a local camembert-style cheese that was complex and wonderful, along with little toasts, strawberry (and some herb that I can't remember) jam and some lavender sprigs. The cheese was plated on a thick board of wood and was very aesthetically pleasing. Next, we shared an early summer salad of pea vines, radishes, snap peas, and feta; a roasted carrot dish made with young carrots, pecans, and a sharply flavored yogurt sauce; and a shiitake mushroom dish with dandelion shoots and pickled fruit (this was meant to be served with chicharrones, but they were happy to make it vegetarian for us). Everything tasted incredibly fresh, earthy, and unique, with flavor combinations that are clearly meant to contrast and surprise you. We finished off the meal with a trio of lemon chiffon tarts: blueberry, strawberry, and raspberry. They were a perfect finish to our rather large dinner -- light, bright, and delicious.  The pricing seems very fair for what they provide. The plates and cocktails range from $8-12 each.  Forequarter pulled off all of the dishes wonderfully. My only suggestions would be to make more of their vegetarian dishes vegan-friendly and to get some more bike-parking options outside the restaurant. I can't wait to see what they come up with next as the seasonal produce changes!
5 ATMOSPHERE:  Very warm and inviting, with a sort of "cobbled together" look with lots of wood, some taxodermy (including a giant black bear) and dimmed lighting.  I'd say this is a great place for a date but if they are busy, don't expect a quiet conversation.  DRINKS:  Decent prices with beers ranging from $4.50-6, wine $6-9, mixed drinks $6-9.  We had a cup of their Riesling for $8 and I have to tell you that it was probably the best Riesling I've ever had.  The pours are also very generous, which I can appreciate.  They serve Death's Door, which is always amazing, I suggest you try it.  *food* PRICE: $6-19, not bad with vegetarian/cheese plates being in the lower range and meats hanging around the $12 range, the most expensive $19 was a half chicken but it is, afterall, a half chicken. PORTIONS:  My partner and I each got one plate and while it wouldn't be enough to fill us up, we were able to share everything and we both got to taste everything several times.  This is great, as some places you get one or two pieces of meat and that's it, one bite, then you're done if you're sharing (no fun). PRESENTATION: Most dishes are served on a cutting board, which is very fitting with the decor while others are served on nicely trimmed china.  You're served with a side plate to place food bits on which is great for sharing meals.  The plates are arranged well with many colors to be visually appealing.  TASTE:  The balance is great, if you like pickled items.  Most plates have a main focus point of protein of either cheese or meat and then either a salad or pickled array with a sauce of some sort.  We had the special of the day, lamb copa, which is similar to prosciutto, served with mustard, crostini, and pickled items including daikon radish and Lion's head mushrooms, and the roasted carrot dish.  They should not include the carrot tops but do, so you have to cut the tops off, which is annoying. The overall taste of the two dishes was totally worth the price.  SERVICE: It's pretty good, the waitstaff is patience and very laid back.  You won't get interrupted here at all.  Great date place, always fill up your water/drinks.  SUGGESTIONS;  The only improvement I would make would be to have a pairing for drinks with the meals because they are very interesting and unique.  I'd love to know what to drink with these meals and for how "foodie" it is, this should come standard.  LOVED IT! =)
5 Wow. Forequarter is by far my favorite restaurant in Madison.  I kept walking by with my dog, wondering what was going on in that small space, given that there's no exterior sign and no indication as to what it is. I finally googled the address and discovered the hidden gem that is Forequarter. I'm ashamed, but excited, to say that I went two nights in a row =)   First night, on a Thursday, only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table at 7pm. Started off with a Martini while we waited. With the pickled ramp (had to google ramp =), it was delish! The designers of the space were smart when the constructed 6 inch shelves sticking out in the waiting area. Perfect to set a drink or a small plate.  We ordered the grilled bread, which was fantastic, and the cheese plate special. The bread (very large portion served on a rectangular wooden board) was accompanied by a homemade pesto, which was delicious. Cheese came with pickled vegetables. After the bread and cheese, unfortunately, we were full so called it a night.  Second trip on Friday (around the same time) had to wait around 20 minutes for a table, but again, had a drink while waiting. Ordered the bread again (amazing!), roasted corn, and roasted carrots. The roasted corn was a little spicy and came with a cilantro lime aioli...heavenly. The roasted carrots were tasty but could have been cooked a little longer.   Overall, I LOVE Forequarter. Unique, high quality dishes. Reasonably priced. Busy but not too busy. I will return as soon as I can!
4 UFC is back! Brick and mortar-style;)   Very happy to finally have dinner at Forequarter on my most recent visit to Madison. And now, right down the street from my parent's house! Exciting.   Determined to get a seat at the bar, I arrived right at opening with Mom. Very small space, but laid out nicely so those waiting aren't all up in your shit. If you have a party of more than 2, you'll probably have a wait.   The cocktail menu was superb (collins!) and the food menu, obviously, wonderful. My only complaint was that the young lady behind the bar was so soft spoken she was a bit hard to understand, and she wasn't terribly well-versed on the menu. Kind of a bummer, since interacting with bar staff can be super fun.  We ordered cheese, goat sec, a whitefish salad, and pork loin. I love UFC's meats, and it's hard to go wrong with Pleasant Ridge Reserve cheeses. I do wish that in lieu of some of the sliced bread they had something more crunchy on these plates. I just ended up eating a shit ton of bread.  The fish salad was my favorite, and the pork loin with shishito pepper was lovely. Melt in your mouth!   I'll be back next time I'm in town, and though I loved the new joint, I'm not IN LOVE with it just yet;)
5 Fabulous little place on the near-east side of Madison; glad to see the Underground folks back up and running!  Small menu but plenty of things worth trying. Incredibly detailed cocktail menu as well for those who enjoy high-class alcoholic concoctions. Small but classy selection of beers and wines.  Some of the portion sizes don't make sense (e.g., the amazing "ripped" bread seems designed for four and thus was a bit overwhelming for me and my wife, and the cheese platter has one type of cheese in a rather large amount instead of a few smaller offerings), so that is something to plan around when ordering. Or perhaps the proprietors will figure out that offering a 1/2 ripped bread is a good idea, once they read this sparkling review. You do read these reviews, right?  The spanish chicken is simply amazing.  Looking forward to going back. Do be warned that the place can get a little loud, if you care about that sort of thing (i.e., you're old, like me). For example, the people sitting next to us thought everything they said was quite funny, leading to staccato bursts of laughter in my right ear, while I can assure you that really only a small fraction of their bon mots really hit the mark; it might be that the cocktail menu (detailed above) had something to do with this.
5 Nice neighborhood gathering place. Very hipster and fun. Lots of great gin cocktails. I cannot wait to try the food here!
5 Madison! With such amazing culinary establishments as Forequarter, you are the urban equivalent of that shorty girl with more curves than the Monaco F-1 Track, which is what does it for me. That, my reader, is how you cat-call a city.   My date had been singing the glories of this place for weeks, to the point that a very high bar had been built up, and Forequarter gracefully delivered.   The cocktails: we started off with the house-made, kegged French 75, a limey libation infused with herbs and tastefully decorated with a branch of thyme. This could easily become my second signature cocktail after the Dark 'n Stormy, which Forequarter is famous for, but which we could not try because there was no ginger beer (in their case it is house-made). The restaurant had also run out of the goat sausage, but our fun waitress sourced the last butt for us to try, which was enough for us to decide to come back for the full-plate experience.   The deep-fried corn cobblettes with cilantro-sprinkled aioli was the best mazorca composition I have ever had. I loved how my lips felt slightly uncomfortable when placing them on them.  An element of challenge is mostly always welcome in gourmet food,  my dear foodies.   The pulled braised goat was very good too. It was different from what I had experienced before (where I am from, goat is raised eating oregano leaves, so it's already seasoned when it is sacrificed to satisfy. I lie to you not). So, yeah, it was a bit on the drier side of what I was accustomed, but the cucumber, fennel and berries (?) were an excellent complement. I love it when you experience a food you've only eaten cooked in one way in a new fashion.   Other drink/cocktails we had: the grape sampler (I don't remember the name they call it, but it was porto, brandy (?) and Armagnac, closing with three concord grapes. The Manhattan definitely had the man in it, as it was a bitter, strong, non-girlie drink.   I would just ask that our glasses of water are filled more frequently next time, especially because you are going from flavor to flavor and you want to clear your palate to savor each food and cocktail in its most pure expression.
5 Forequarter is the retail, public face of the Underground Food Collective catering company. Distinctively Eastside. Low key, creative, knock-out food. This place popped up on my radar a while ago. Liz B. mentioned it the other day so the Spousal Unit and I invited a friend to go check it out. There's no sign on the building so those of you old folks that don't have smart phones should write down the address before you head out, other wise you'll walk up and down E. Johnson for a while before you find it ;-)  We three snagged the last table for four at about 6:10 on a Thursday night.  The cocktails seemed to be popular but we settled on a bottle of a nice, reasonably priced Sangiovese. When I asked about it she brought me a taste. To start we had: Ripped bread with eggplant and pork rillette and a beet (golden and red) salad. Main course was, for my companions, veal meatballs with green beans and eggplant in a light tomato sauce reduction and for me, roasted goat shank with garbanzos and cucumbers. Conversation slowed, Mmmms were said, happiness ensued. A raspberry buttermilk ice cream served with shortbread cookies dipped in chocolate ganache finished the meal. What a treat!  I've been in some fancier restaurants in Madison since moving here. They've tended to be a bit snooty and formal for my tastes.  Forequarter would fit nicely in my former hometown of Portland, OR.  Laid back, confident and creative. I will most certainly be back for more!
4 delicous, as expected for anything underground foods related. but really pretty damned pretentious, certainly wouldn't stop me going back. the pretension is more worthy of mockery than fear. pretty small inside, the menu is small. it's great but ultimately it's not underground kitchen :(
5 No more 'bou burgers. And now I have a new favorite restaurant in Madison. And it has great cocktails too. If only it were open 24h a day.
5 It's places like Forequarter that make me wish "hipster chic" was a category on Yelp... really. It's so full of cool even the cuffed slim red pant and denim shirt unbuttoned like I just don't care I was wearing made me feel sort of lamesies in a sea of hip and happening. Seriously, everyone who eats there is hip. The bar is hip. The tables are hip. The plates are hip. It's hip that they have this fine-ish dining setup going but use paper napkins [1] and mismatched silverware [2]. It's hip that they make ice cream to order! [3] So hip I need to footnote this review, and that's hip. But don't fret if you don't sport swagger, the place is accessible for those that wear glasses because they have to and don flannel because it's practical.   We arrived around 7 and were told it would be 30 minutes for a table. NBD, there are plenty of seats at the bar and a cocktail menu that'll take even the surest of imbibers time to get through. I landed on a delicious apple brandy cocktail that I snapped so you can see it and read all the deets. Just as soon as our drinks arrived, maybe 5 minutes after we arrived, a table opened up. And this folks is when ish gets real.   Forequarter has a tidy menu of 12 or so items. They range in price from 4 to 17 bucks and all are meant to share. I think. I mean I get bored after two minutes of the same thing, so I think all dishes ought to be shared. We started with a charcuterie plate, a special that night which came with Genoa salami, two kinds of mustard, giardiniera, sliced bread and a fennel apple salad. It was amazing. I wish their was more bread to sandwich the plentiful amount of meat, but I knew we had more coming. Mushrooms were next, four kinds of wild fungus mixed with some greens and toasted bread... we'll call those croutons. ;) [4] Next up were the lamb meatballs served with perfectly cooked lima beans. What do I mean by perfectly cooked? I mean al dente; nice chew but not raw. From there we moved on to the squash cavatelli, the standout winner. Take a fun pasta, add some crispy pieces of squash, grated cheese and a fried egg and life is good. We rounded out our meal with a rich chocolate ice-cream that was pretty bomb for ice cream. It was served with a raspberry fruit leather and the best almond cookie I've ever eaten. Don't go there tomorrow for it. They rotate their desserts every night [3].   All in all it was an awesome trip and I'm excited to go back. I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant and liked reading every option on the menu, and I can only guess as the weather cools, some warm and cozy things will find their way to Forequarter post fall.   [1] I used to gripe about paper napkins and now I sort of feel like a. I'm wiping my mouth on the thing, do I care if it's cloth and b. I have to think it's much more green to go paper than to go cloth and use harsh solvents and water to clean. So I say viva paper.   [2] My dessert spoon was just like a set we had growing up. I wanted to steal it, but then I thought, "I'd only have one!" Not "It's wrong to steal" but "what would I do with one?"  [3] How do you make ice-cream to order? Nitrogen. The base is made that day and contains egg, so it's more of a custard when it starts. An order comes in, nitrogen cools the custard and makes for a thick and creamy texture, and tada... delivered to your table is a cool creamy treat make seconds earlier. They aren't stuck with a bunch in the freezer at the end of the night like oh I dunno everywhere else that serves ice cream and keeps it on hand. And they can get through a base in a night (because it rocks) and swap in a new sweet treat nightly.  [4] It's ripped, it's toasted, it's bread. And their tongue and cheek play on Corey's favorite carb was noted. Bravo 4qtr.
5 Dinner at Fore1/4 was a major objective during my recent visit to Madison and it fulfilled my high expectations. The menu is friendly to meatlovers and vegetarians, and offers a nice selection of shareable appetizers, salads, entrees, and desserts featuring locally sourced and house-made ingredients at reasonable prices. And while every component of every dish rocks the quality meter, the whole is always greater than sum of the parts. The cocktail, beer, wine, and digestif selections are outstanding as well. The staff is enthusiastic, helpful, and knowledgeable. The onelydownside is the size of Fore1/4, which makes it hard to eat there as often as and when you would like, but it is definitely worth the wait if you can find room to enjoy a drink. On the bright side, Underground is opening a new place at 811 Williamson, which I believe will include a butcher shop and dining.
5 Really great food in a casually hip and rustic setting.  We thoroughly enjoyed ouselves last night!  We shared a wheel of cheese to begin with - I forget where it came from however it was rather brie like and was wrapped in birch bark.  It was served with vanilla scented peach compote, hazelnuts, and some delicious bread.  A wonderfully decandent way to start our meal.  For a main course I enjoyed veal meatballs served with lima beans, tomato, and greens and my wife enjoyed the squash cavatelli.  The waitress was very nice - laid back but yet very knowledgeable.  Highly recommended!
5 I've eaten at Forequarter twice, and I am fairly certain this restaurant has the best food and the best service in Madison.  Every item I have had has been excellent and the menu changes constantly. While they are extremely able when it comes to butchering and processing their own meat, the Underground Kitchen team can also make veggies an absolute delight. I've enjoyed a variety of chartuterie and cheese boards.  One item that was ordered at my table both instances was the veal meatballs. They were fantastic both times, but totally different sizes with different sides and sauces. They were tender and with a wonderful flavor.   The specialty cocktails are some of the best in town, though they also change often. Wine list was good and reasonably priced and wine service was perfect.  Overall service has been stellar -- servers have been friendly and very knowledgeable about the ever-changing menu.
5 So...it turns out that I'll eat anything served in a Weck jar.  Pork rillette, cocktails or whatever they're dishing up.  It's just so damn cute.  Forequarter has a pretty small menu consisting of some starter-esque boards/plates, salads, and a few mains.  Everything is super easy to share.  You can't go wrong if you start with a meat and/or a cheese board, a salad or two, and one of the mains. I recommend always getting one of the sausage dishes if that's your thing.  These guys know their meats (and their veggies too). If you have a hard time deciding, ask your server or trust in the specials; I've never had a bad experience.  One little gripe: I always run out of bread.  However, just tell your server and they're more than happy to bring over a little more.  Forequarter is pretty much packed from the second they open, but the wait is worth it.  If you can't handle the wait for a table, do yourself a favor and grab one of their amazing, inventive cocktails. I always have a good time at Forequarter and love going when the menu gets an overhaul.
5 After just lambasting Gates & Brovi for a limited menu, I turn to Forequarter with my ultimate praise. Even though there are limited selections, they are varied, contain fresh, high-quality local ingredients, and are prepared with care.   The drinks are sublime. Interesting cocktails on trend, each more delicious than the next. Try anything off the ginger menu if that is your think. The apple cider drink is phenom, and the lime gimlet is just right - with just enough tang to be refreshing, but no puckering.  The food is served on wooden boards, much like the former Underground Kitchen, but it seems whatever kinks they had with the menu items (from my recollection) have been worked out now. Every morsel was delicious, and I ate to my hearts (belly's) content without feeling heavy.   I'll be back, and soon. Forequarter may give my Madison favorite (Brasserie V) a run for their money.
4 This is probably the first place I've been to in Madison that you could drop in the middle of Park Slope or Manhattan and it would fit right in.  Forequarter has been on my list of places to go to for a long, LONG time, and I was finally able to go last night. On the whole, the meal was outstanding.  It has the 'hipster' vibe going on outside--with no sign--and inside, too. It's well decorated, the ambiance is superb, with good, soft music and low-level lighting.  Oh, right--the food...and drinks! They have about 8 taps, and almost all of them are superb. I was stunned to find Destihl beer on tap, especially one of the sours. I tried it...and it was excellent (but also $8). I went with the tried-and-true Mole beer from New Belgium's Lips of Faith series. Mmmm, delicious.  And now...the food. We ordered the potted pork rillette with crostini for an appetizer, since potted meat seems to be the thing to get here. It was good, but not great--honestly, I was a little disappointed. I was expecting the pork to be a bit softer and closer to pate, but it was shredded and too salty for me. Bread was excellent. Bleu cheese was a nice choice of pairing, although I suspect--maybe just me--Stilton would've been better.  And now...the main dish. My roommate got the Morteau sausage, and said it was excellent. My dish was the lamb meatball in broth with escarole and homemade ricotta ravioli. It was garnished with watercress. The only word I can use to describe the dish was...spectacular. Delicious. Perfectly seasoned. Totally won me over. Yes, portions are small, but this is definitely about the quality, not quantity. My inner-New Yorker loves this place.  Total was around $33/each with tip (including drinks). Money well-spent. I will most definitely be back.
5 Stopped by for a drink so they weren't serving full menu.  Had the pretzels which were amazing.  The thing that really amazed me was the drink menu.  Half of the ingredients I hadn't heard of but had to try.  We had a group of 4, each ordered 2 drinks, all were different and we passed them around to get a sampling.  All of them were innovative, delicious, and served in a variety of glassware.  Would absolutely recommend this place to anyone who loves a great cocktail, plus the ambiance was just so damn cool.
4 Delicious drinks and foodstuffs. Staff is not overly friendly.
3 I am annoyed by nitpickyYelp reviews that focus on individual technical experiences, one-off logistical errors involving botched reservations or phone calls not returned.  Those kind of issues aren't representative of a restaurant's food or overall value, especially if the one-off error causes a one-star review.  That being said, my wife and I could not get a few slices of bread to go with our outstanding saucy food at Forequarter.  I almost went all Five Easy Pieces on our over-bespectacled server who suggested we buy the $11 ripped bread course with mushrooms and cheese if we wanted bread.  The table next to us had sliced bread but it came with a pot of cheese.  (Hold the cheese?)  I get not serving bread as a routine with every course, but if we want bread, why can't we get some?  We'll pay a few bucks if that's the issue.  The perfectly smoked meats were tender and were served in contrast with rich roasted carrot soup, or with bright greens and creamy polenta.  The food was fabulous.  The cocktails imaginative and rewarding.  Just get us a few slices of bread, please.  It was that isolated element that tarnished what would have been a perfect meal.
3 I really want to give Forequarter five stars because the food and drinks were outstanding.  But the experience itself however, not so much.  Our server showed no flexibility whatsoever.  She seemed more interested in telling us about what they will or won't do, than in what we wanted or needed.  She seemed like a product of the collective gone hipster robo-tron.  Since our experience may have just been a result of one server gone wrong, we will be back.  We hope that the Collective itself affords its servers the flexibility to look after their diners' desires with some care and sympathy.  Instructive Example:  While dining a nearby restaurant in Madison, we asked for a side of the sweetbreads that are only on the menu as part of a steak entreé.  Our server happily took the question to the chef, who quickly obliged our simple request.  That made us happy.  We got the opposite in a lack of accommodation from our server at Forequarter.  Some things are so easy to fix.
5 We went out for a Monday night impromptu celebration for a dissertation milestone and had a fabulous meal at the bar. I had the cider drink and my boyfriend had some sort of persimmon sour cocktail. Both were fabulous. The wait-staff were at first a tad standoffish and I made a change request for the main meal (I asked to not have the fries that came with the main as they were cooked in duck fat). Our bartendress talked with the chef and I was given a salad instead. After that everything went peachy and she was a doll. We started with a salmon rillettes (with plenty of bread) and then moved on to the special for the evening - the trout.  The food was unbelievably good. And we enjoy cooking so rarely venture out, as our own meals tend to be hard to beat. My boyfriend also had wine with his main course and she offered suggestions and a taste of one of the selections - as his first choice was not available. The service was top-notch and friendly; by the evening's end and we had a great celebration with fabulous food, unusual and complex drinks and really appropriate and good service. 3 drinks, hors d'oeuvre and 2 mains  - with tip ~$80 (It was a celebration...)  A place well worth returning to. It would hold its own in Chicago, NY or LA.
1 Ah, Forequarter. The new-ish venture from the Brothers Hunter could have been the phoenix from the ashes of the late and lamented Underground Kitchen, which barely had time to spread its nascent wings before a kitchen fire took it down, and adjacent businesses and apartments along with it.  Sadly, this is not it. Forequarter feels like the vanity project of a clique of young friends, and while there's not anything wrong with that, per se, the fact is that most people ought not to get fooled into paying the premium prices for its admittedly good food marred by horrendous service and other major flaws.  My experiences at Forequarter (and they have been multiple) have been characterized by terrible serving staff, long waits and high prices. This would be fine if the restaurant could live up to the reputation via charm or exceptionally good food, but the gap is just too large for Forequarter to close, particularly when there are other Madison restaurants that can easily equal or even best it in the cuisine department - I'm looking at you, Nostrano.  Instead, Forequarter ends up feeling like a dilettantes' project; rather than truly feeling like a restaurant that you would, as one reviewer claimed, "find in Park Slope," it feels like one that wishes it were like that. Just like Park Slope? Sure, but only if you've never been there.   On my last, and final, visit, my 45-minute wait was met with a surly server who, wholly inattentive, had trouble recalling what the specials were, pronounced the name of the one cheese she _could_ remember as "Silton Bleu (bluh)," and spent the rest of the evening bringing free apps and other comped treats to her tableful of 20-something service industry personnel friends who came in after us, were seated before us, and got food and drink at rates of speed probably double ours.   The food was tasty and passable, I suppose, but who can be bothered to enjoy it in this environment. There's nothing wrong with hipper than thou, but tragically hip is another story entirely. I would welcome a Madison eatery that truly felt exclusive and underground based on experience, ambiance and food quality, but Madison, this ain't it. It's also not Park Slope, Chicago, or the Bay. It's a middling restaurant in a college town charging premium prices for an overall experience verging on mediocre on a good day. Don't drink the Kool-Aid, people. Try 43 North. Try Nostrono. Try cooking at home. But stop lining the pockets of people who are putting you on.   And, for God's sake, do something about that horrendous lettering on your mirrored signs. There are people you can hire who will fix that.
1 I've been here twice and both times I've been underwhelmed. It's overpriced, definitely. If the food were amazing, then this wouldn't be an issue.   I ordered the whitefish salad and it was full of little fish bones. While all these bones added a light crunch, I'm not so sure they were supposed to be there. When you pay $11 for a small plate of food, it should be flawless.  I mentioned the boney food and the manager gave me my two beers for free. And while this was actually a nice thing to do, I feel that the meal should have been free since my stomach is now swimming with lovely little fish bones.  Keep in mind, I did love Underground Kitchen when it was open, and I love the stuff the Collective does. I'm just not a fan of overpriced, flawed food.
4 This fall, I was determined to try this place after learning about the Madison food force that is the Underground Food Collective. I'm happy I did.  Other reviews warned me that there was no sign on the building, so I was worried about finding it on East Johnson. Turns out it's right across the street from the Self Serve Laundromat/Caribou Tavern, with a 708 1/4 number sign on it.   It's an intimate spot, so go here with someone you like. My boyfriend and I snagged the last spot just before 6 on a Friday night, which was basically part of the bar counter that faced the wall on stools, one lit candle. Constantly bumping elbows, hard for the wait staff to get at us to take our order.   The food, however, really hit the spot. We splurged on the ripped bread, which was an $11 loaf of delicious bread stuffed with cheese, chopped garlic, and scallions. I had the poussin (young chicken), and it was the best roasted chicken I've ever eaten. Juicy and tender with fresh carrots and spiced potatoes. Cherry bread pudding for dessert was homey, simple, and full of tart Door County cherries.  The most surprising part about our meal was the drinks. I ordered an amaretto sour but was informed that they didn't have sour. I said that was fine and forgot about it, only to have the waitress come back later with a similar drink. "The bartender got excited," she said, as she passed me the glass. I can't quite remember what ingredients they used to make a mock amaretto sour, but there were cherry almond-ish and orange flavors, and it was really quite good. I was pretty impressed.  In sum: go early, bring money, bring a friend you can be cozy with, and don't be afraid to get creative with the bar staff.
3 Food:  2 stars  Drinks:  4 stars  Service:  3 stars  Ambiance:  4 stars (would be five, but the noise made hearing the server impossible)  My dining companion and I had been dying to try Forequarter for quite some time, and we finally pulled it off last night.  We both left sated, but underwhelmed.    The trout was the highlight of the meal, with the cheddar cheese plate coming in second.  My spare ribs were a huge disappointment--particularly the texture, which was tough and difficult to consume.    Service gets a few demerit points for not bringing a steak knife with spare ribs.  I know that this may seem like a common practice, but these spare ribs were extremely tough and two other diners at the bar asked for steak knives, so she should have gotten the hint by then.    Part of the trout dish was also undercooked badly--the fingerling potatoes.  That's pretty bush league in my book.  One of them was inedible it was so raw.    Cute place, great drinks, and fantastic concept--but someone needs to work on the quality of the meats and the execution in the kitchen.  If this is a "five star" place in your mind, you need to get out more, my friend.
5 Last night, Friday I went to Forequarter for the first time. We arrived at 5pm. The restaurant is lovely... rustic and cozy. Unfortunately it is winter in Wisconsin so we never really felt warm. Few Spirits was offering a tasting of their gin, rye and bourbon. I tried the rye which was smooth and full flavored. Some cocktails were offered at a reduced price putting to use the Few products. I ordered a Negroni and my friend got a Gin Mule. Both were expertly prepared and presented.  The waitress was excellent. Very knowledgeable, not overly intrusive and available when needed. We started with the Duck and Turkey Rillette with Crostini and Micro Green Salad ($10). It was absolutely decadent and yummy. One could be put off by the layer of fat atop the rillette but had it been pate there would have been the same fat content but it would have been pureed into the meat. My friend is something of a vegetarian but she loved this opening course.  Next we shared The Roasted Mushroom and Citrus Panzella $13) and the Herb Cavatelli with house made ricotta, caramelized onions, parsnips and spicy greens (14).  The servings were medium sized. We were not full but we were more than satisfied. Someone with a larger appetite (and wallet) may want a dish to themselves. Both dishes were perfect. The homemade pasta was toothsome, the ricotta creamy and tangy and the parsnips added a special sweetness in the background. The panzella (bread salad) was equally delicious with the earthy mushrooms being the star.  I certainly plan to return and see what other wonderful creations they will present. I would be happy to sit at the bar, order some of the small plates, enjoy a few cocktails and have someone drive me home. That, would be my perfect evening.
5 I live walking distance from Forequarter, and am so happy to have this addition to the neighborhood! Went here on a Thursday night around 6, and my sister and I were lucky to snag two seats at the bar for dinner; the place fills up fast with only 6 tables and an average-size bar.   The food and cocktails are both thoughtfully and beautifully made, usually with local ingredients, like Death's Door vodka or cheese from a Wisconsin dairy.   We had a Manchego-like goat cheese platter with seeded bread, Marcona almonds, and a peach compote, and we also asked to have the pickles that come with the sausage platter. The cheese was wonderful: rich and nutty. The pickle plate had olives, pickled radishes and beets, and cornichons. The pickled radishes were crunchy and flavorful, as well as a beautiful light-pink color.   Our main dishes were trout with fig and chorizo pesto with micro greens and crispy beets on top, and chile-braised beef tongue with smashed gigante beans. Both were incredible: the tongue was super savory and satisfying, with a texture reminiscent of pork belly. The fish was cooked perfectly, and paired super-well with the "pesto" (more like a jam than a pesto).   Had a piece of dark chocolate cake for dessert which was also off the hook.   The dark and stormy was spicy and refreshing, and my sister had a drink called something like a Wisco Pisco, made with grappa and  egg white , which was delicate and flavorful.   I'll be back.
5 Oh, Forequarter, how I love thee...  I am thrilled to have Forequarter in my neighborhood. The first time I went with a group of friends and split a bunch of things, which is a great way to do it without spending a fortune. My husband and I went there for the first time together for our anniversary and splurged. Well, we got addicted and can't stop going back. It works for both of us, because although we are pretty adventurous, I don't eat red meat or pork, and they offer many vegetarian options most of the time.  I had possibly my favorite ice cream ever there during the summer -- fennel ice cream. So unusual but amazing. Their desserts are generally out of this world. Save room to share one with a friend, at the very least.   My only slightly negative experience was a few weeks ago when we went there on a Tuesday after a snowstorm. I don't know if it was because it was a weeknight, or because there was a snowstorm, but the menu was way more out there than usual. There were no vegetarian entrees, and few vegetarian options whatsoever. I tried duck heart meatballs, which were WAY too gamey for me.   I also highly recommend their special drinks -- I've had several that were amazing and boozy.
5 We were visiting from Milwaukee and found this rockin' place. The food was delicious and the ambiance was creative but subtle. Service was friendly and efficient but not in your face. Everything was very affordable while being thoughtfully prepared from the craft cocktails to the plates. Such a lovely place!! We will be back!
5 Exceptional, tasty, food, small space so get there early or be prepared to wait.  Very attendant wait staff.    Nice atmosphere.
5 To be honest, I wasn't quite certain if this place would live up to the hype. Boy, was I wrong!   We arrived for a Friday night dinner; we walked-in around 6:30 (a little early) and put in our names for a table. Friend ordered a cocktail; I opted for a Karben4 black IPA. There's not much of a waiting area, but don't let that deter you. The clientele is friendly and the waitstaff is accommodating, so everyone will work with you as you try to find a place that's just out-of-the-way-enough until your table becomes available.  We were seated at one of the thick, almost-butcher-block-topped 2-seat tables along the main wall. A friendly server dropped by to leave menus. We browsed the options and decided on a smoked whitefish with olives on grilled miche bread. We also refreshed our drinks - two manhattans.  The manhattans were definitely "sipping drinks" - very stout, but very tasty. The appetizer arrived and we immediately cut into it. Wow. Absolutely superb - smoky and salty, hints of sweet, all served on a crusty yet chewy piece of bread. It was simply unreal.  We ordered a grilled shiitake/oyster mushroom dish as our entree. It featured spicy lentils, a microgreen salad, a balsamic reduction, and a type of light cream sauce. I didn't think anything could be better than the appetizer... once again, I was wrong - this dish was so incredibly excellent. And as Tom Q mentioned, things are so easy to share here - we had no problem splitting anything we ordered. It's pure genius by the UFC folks.  Our server stopped by to offer some cheese specials; we opted for the first one (I don't recall what type of cheese it was), which in hindsight was a mistake. The cheese was extremely pungent and "ripe;" not quite to our liking, and we're both fans of strong cheeses. The compote, fried chic peas and crostini were excellent, however.  The check arrived and it was extremely reasonable, given what we had. We paid, vacated our seats, and spent the rest of the evening raving about the meal.  Forequarter = SUPERB  Food = 5 stars Service = 4 stars Value = 5 stars MISC = 4 stars   Well done. None better.
5 The servers, including the bartenders, know the menu very well, the menu changes with the seasons, and the plates themselves are nicely paired. Pricey, but worth it for a well-portioned meal and unique cocktails. Drink menu extensive. The bartender Sally served us at the bar and was well-versed, courteous, and attentive. Hugely recommended!
3 Regretfully, I can't give this place a 5 star review like many other yelpers have. But let's start with the positives! Forequarter is extremely innovative. They have creative ideas about what to put with each dish, food consistency, textures, etc. Secondly, the place is pretty hip. With a location right off Willy street that is to be expected. However, I just wasn't in love with the place. The menu is very small. We started off with Pork Rillette. Which is a pork spread with lard on top of it that you spread on to toast points. To me, the dish lacked flavor. The next dish we tried was beef tongue. Again, just not very impressive. Maybe Beef tongue just isn't for me. Third, we tried lamb meatballs which were probably the best dish we had of the night. They were cooked to perfection and the sauce went perfectly. Lastly, we had trout served with greens and fried beats. They served the fish with the skin on covered in greens and it made it difficult to share. Unfortunately, I can't say anything I had here was fabulous and I walked out with a $200 bill for two people. I like the concept, and the food was ok, but a little too eccentric for me.
4 We ate at Forequarter two days ago, having more drinks than food, as it turned out. So:   Drinks:  I had two: the first was a simple Sazerac, the other a more complicated Bourbon-Cherry-Coffee drink whose name I forget.   Sazerac: Is it supposed to be that loaded with bitters? This is more or less my drink of choice, and I've never had it that spicy before. Strong, pretty small.   BCC drink: Holy shit balls (as Danny DeVito would say), this was good.   The girl's drink: gin, gingerale, some herbs. I think called a "Les Cousins Dangereux", (which gets points for the name, btw). This way also very good. Very fresh.   So drinks: 4.5/5  Food: We had a cheese thing (not worth it) and the Broccoli Rabe, which was good, but overly bready. Maybe we should have had more food, but really we were enjoying our drinks too much.   So, worth going. Maybe next time I'll try more of the food.
4 Great atmosphere, loved the decor. Wonderful cocktail section.  Everything we ate was delicious and the staff were knowledgeable and friendly. A perfect dinner in Madison and I will be back!
3 Trendy some may call it pretentious bar/restaurant. More like a tapas place than a full fledged eatery.  On the noisy side , no ac. Drinks are interesting and quite good but like the rest of the servings here on the stingy side. My cheese plate appetizer was good. My shataki mushroom dish was a disappointment, with way too hot sauce painted in dabs all around the dish so it was hard to avoid. Food was served on a butcher block cutting board, one wonders how they keep it clean!?
5 I have been to Forequarter dozens of times and damn if it doesn't up its own ante every time. The ever-rotating menu is one of my favorite things about the place- even as a semi-regular, there is always a new inventive cocktail or tasty dish to try.  Pros: - I have never had poor service at Forequarter.   -Their wine list and craft cocktail menu top any other in Madison.  -The sausage platter (my go-to) which can include anything from smoked beef sausage to lamb merguez with crispy fingerling potatoes and perfectly salted baby sorrel leaves.  -The dainty sterling steak knives, the legendary cutting boards, the little silver dishes and trays, yeah, I'm a hipster, you called it. Forgive me. It's adorable. I feel like I'm at my best friend's rehearsal dinner. -The trout with roe and sauteed radishes. Are you kidding me with this? so good. -Alcoholic slushies served in Weck jars.  -Ripped bread/whipped butter. rhythmically delish. -They don't always offer great desserts, but when they're on, oh, it's on. Last time I was there, I got housemade mint icecream, showered with housemade butter brickle sprinkles and backyard mint chiffonade, buttressed with some of the best shortbread cookies I've ever had.  -My tween kiddo declared their smoked beef cheek with green tomato relish and garlic confit "One of the top ten meals of my life. Maybe better than sushi." Show me another restaurant that can convert a tween into a beef cheek aficionado?  Right, didn't think so.  -Portion sizes. Appropriate for one's appetite and the price.  Cons: -I feel like I can't go anywhere else.  -The AC doesn't always keep up.  -Always a wait.   I can't think of any other cons.  Just go here, drink the best Dark and Stormy in town while you wait for your table, and then sit down, check out how good your date looks in their flawless [candle]lighting, and prepare to gorge yourself until you get high on food.
5 Wow. Wow, wow, wow!  We walked in on a Thursday night after finding this place on Yelp, and scored a table for two right by the fan during the hottest week of the summer. Alyssa, our server, was highly attentive to our allergies: nuts and gluten. The menu changes with some regularity, but we enjoyed and would recommend the following: Fried shiitake mushrooms with sprouted lentils and pickled Serrano peppers, the salad with turnips and radishes, porterhouse pork chop (enough for two), and the special that evening - coffee-roasted beets with baby greens and buttermilk ice cream.  Everything we tasted was better than what came before it, and dessert was no exception: the creamiest fennel ice cream with flaky orange cookies was fresh, unexpected and the perfect finish.   Craft Cocktails and a well-planned wine list?  They've got you covered there too. Aperitifs and digestifs?  Yup. Try the Clear Creek Williams pear brandy if you enjoy unique.
4 The slushie you got from the ice cream truck but boozier and $9.
4 Quail was quite good and the sauce accompanying it was delicious. Beef tongue entree was also quite interesting. the tongue itself was tasty- salty, fatty, and good. However, the sauce was a bit bland and the potatoes accompanying the beef tongue were cold (intentionally). Overall, the beef tongue dish was good but not great. Cocktails were very inventive and unique. However, I cannot say they were the tastiest drinks I have ever had. There were a ton of layers of flavors though and both cocktails we tried were most definitely interesting. Entrees were under 20$ and cocktails under $10. From an east coast big city perspective, I would expect to pay at least $45 for the beef tongue and scotch based cocktail, so while I understand this may be expensive for Madison, I thought it was a great value.
5 Summary: This meal kicked the crap out of anything I've had in Madison, and it did it without much trouble.  Amazing, service, fantastic food, a terrific bartender, and an incredible experience that easily rivaled my food standard, Battersby. Oh, and the sad thing? We went to Forequarter only after finding out Pig in a Fur Coat was closed.  Stupid, stupid, stupid.  Started with the coffee roasted beets, hibiscus, and topped with buttermilk ice cream, as well as the greens with radishes, turnips, beets and feta. Outstanding.  Then, there was some mythical delay in the kitchen, so they brought out a totally-free-of-charge mini plate with a delicious French cheese, goat salami, and fresh tomatoes. That cheese was killer. And free! Damn.  Dinner: my aunt got the smoked trout, which was out of this world. I got the quail with curry leaf pudding, pickled peaches, and summer squash. A-maz-ing. My uncle got the duck with chili-rubbed corn (I'm pretty sure I'm missing something). All outstanding.  Oh, and THEN, because they forgot to bring it, they brought out the blistered shishito peppers with lemon and parmesan...so. fucking. good. But wait! Because they forgot, that was free too!   Dessert? A chocolate terrine with mint panna cotta and currents? Top notch.  And then the booze--what an awesome bartender! He was making random drinks for us all night, and my dark and stormy was phenomenal. Hell, everything was phenomenal.  If you need some comparisons: Quality was on par or better than L'Etoile, dishes were more delicious than Pig in a Fur Coat, and their ingredient combinations/techniques made Nostrano look pedestrian. Yeah. Really.  Talk about leaving Madison the right way--Forequarter is my top meal of 2013. NYC--you've got your work cut out for you.
4 Nice cocktails.  I liked the slushi which was not too sweet.  The mushroom dish was one of the best things I have eaten in a while- light and crunchy and meaty and savory tasting with a creamy sauce all at the same time.  The cheese special was also delightful.  and who puts icecream on beets?  I love beets and goat cheese but the creativity here was exceptional with beets, ice cream and coffee in one dish.  We would definitely recommend this restaurant to a friend and/or return here.  It was especially nice that we went early on a Monday night so there was no wait.  I imagine the food is probably worth waiting for though.
5 Before Forequarter I truly believed Madison had "big city quality" restaurants. Not many, but a few. Forequarter changed my perspective. This place is the real deal and its hard to go elsewhere now. And I mean that.  The food, the space, the music, the lighting, the vibe. All of it. Drinks, menu, inventiveness. I don't gush on Yelp. Forequarter just changed that.   We decided to mix things up and go to Pig in a Fur coat for dessert and while I still like it there (turn the lights down and AC up! Please) the contrast between Pig and ForeQ was pretty eye opening. ForeQ is just a step above the rest.    Watch out L'Etoile, Forequarter is coming for you.
5 My favorite place to eat in Madison!  (+) My boyfriend and I showed up at 7p on a Saturday night expecting to wait for a table since we had heard this place didn't do reservations. We immediately scored side by side seats at a "table" along the wall.   (++) Atmosphere: Man, is this place tiny!! Both intimate and buzzing, from the glowing votives clustered on the tables to the charming tin ceilings, this product of a cooperative food collective (six friends of various backgrounds where no one is owner/CEO) is at the pinnacle of the farm-to-table hip(ster) slow food movement. Comparing this place to similar ventures in Chicago, I was impressed.  (++) Food: My boyfriend and I love to share meals when we go out, so this place was right up our alley, in fact, our server suggested it. We started with one of the specials, a Wisconsin goat style Gouda with pecans, locally sourced sourdough, and a ground cherry jam/compote (I'll be honest I have no idea of the difference) and handcrafted cocktails. Mine was a "whiskey soda pop" that had been handmade, kegged, and then bottled at the restaurant (sage and lemon, yes please!). Then there were Carolina shrimp with a pudding and grapefruit (our least favorite). And the quail... Oh, the quail! Salty and succulent with a spread of sauces and pickled peaches so delightful I'll be dreaming of it for a long time. The rainbow trout was incredibly earthy with capers and radishes; it's also not to be missed. Finally, despite protests of distended innards, I ordered dessert. Apricot ice cream and mousse pressed into the shape of a marshmallow with pistachio caramel. Two cups of French press coffee and I was officially comatose. Heavenly comatose.  (-) My only complaint is the IPhone POS system. Super awkward choosing a tip % while my (allbeit very helpful and informed) server stood over my shoulder.
5 I've driven this street scores of time over the years when visiting my daughters at UW, and never noticed building.  Maybe the iconic Caribou Tavern across the street draws my eyes everytime.  But that changed with Forequarter arriving.  The mixologist behind the bar was engaging and prepared phenomenal drinks.  I tried his version of an Old Fashion and Manhattan.  Wow.  Familiar yet different and better than what I've experienced.  Watching him in action was also part of the experience.  So focused, high volume, yet all bespoke work...except for the pre-made cocktails.  I only sampled one from the tap and it was "off" that night according to the mixologist.  I still like the idea of kegging drinks and will try one next time I'm around.  I'll reserve judgement on the food until my next visit.  I enjoyed the fried chicken but I don't think it is a signature dish for them.  My wife and daughter loved their vegetarian option.  Unique selections with great ingredients for everything I saw.  There is thinking in the kitchen.  Learned later they have received some national attention.  Based on my experience they deserve yours.
5 Hailing from Milwaukee (though a Madison girl at heart) I find myself in the position to judge the hipster crowd.  I honestly was turned off my the "hipster" description in previous reviews because often hipster restaurants in Milwaukee mean "Please be ready to order and don't ask questions or I'll walk away".  Hipster at Forequarter means nothing of the sort!  Great atmosphere, very minimal and cozy.  Lots of wood and plants.  I like! That being said their AC isn't super strong so if you are sensitive to temps come on a cooler night.  The service was phenomenal.  They were very welcoming and offered great suggestions.  The bar tenders also whipped up a great NA cocktail for the mama-to-be which was awesome.  I liked that the cooks, servers and bartenders fluttered about quickly but never with a feeling of panic or in a way that made us feel guilty for them being so busy.  It was a well oiled machine and people seemed happy to be there.  Cocktails: Excellent and inventive cocktail list.  Try the whiskey soda pop, it will not disappoint.  Great list of liquors, decent wine and beer list too.  Food:  Excellent food served on wooden cutting boards.  My personal favorite was the market vegetable dish, crazy to say this over some roasted veggies but it truly was one of the best things I have ever eaten.  The flavor combos were AMAZING and fresh.  The fried mushroom plate was good but too much for the hubs and I, we wouldn't order it again.  They also have a cheese of the day which was amazing, served with preserves and fresh bread from Madison Sourdough.  Finally we had the quail because I always follow Yelper reviews.  My husband is still talking about this meal. The veggies were cooked perfectly, the pudding was amazing and the ground cherries added even more depth.  It was quite good.  This place is worth every penny and I can't wait to come back
5 Excellent food, great atmosphere and staff.   We were visiting from Los Angeles and weren't feeling any of the restaurants on the square [including the most expensive one - my fiancé is very 'particular'..]. We were stoked to find Forequarter off the main drag -- the food rivaled the trendy farm to table we get out here. Creative cocktails with rustic ice [big blocks w/out bubbles!], perfectly cooked fish, my fiancé could cut his meat with a spoon [think it was a pork thing, which I clearly don't eat] and we're still talking about the cacao nib beet dish. We each had two cocktails, ordered a bit more food than we could manage [but ate it all..] and walked/ rolled out of there for under a hundo [far cry from LA prices..].  Highly recommended - would love to check out their new menu.
4 Great atmosphere. Waiters are very into their menus. I really enjoyed the Pork Poterhouse. Wife was less enthused with the quail. Good trendy place.
5 Creative, tasty drinks, and shockingly good food from a tiny kitchen. Best dining experience in Madison so far, and I've tried most of the foodie restaurants. Small, busy, and foes not take reservations, so be prepared to wait. It's worth it.
5 This was an outstanding dining experience! The food as well as the service was top notch. I highly recommend the Old Fashioned bourbon cocktail and the green bean dish. Delicious.
5 Best restaurant in Madison for my money. Really interesting cocktails, really fabulous food. Didn't even burn down after I ate there like Underground Kitchen.
1 When a 2 inch larvae crawls from your lettuce, onto the table, drops onto the floor, and then tries to inch away, you know it is not going to be a good night.  And it wasn't......
5 I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet.   Dear Forequarter,  Let's be clear. I have a crush on you. You are everything I want in a restaurant. Low key, but still classy. Insanely beautiful in your presentation. You are always there for me with delicious food that I always expect to pay more for. You belong in Paris, but I'm so glad you've chosen to be here, in Madison. Please never change.   Love,  Your fan
5 I'm dreaming about the day I get to go back here. Serious visions of those beets and mushrooms dancing in my head. And the good news is I don't have to save for months to do so, because forequarter.. my friend... is affordable. (And I'm beyond grateful for that.)  We began with the cheese plate served with house made peach, raspberry & almond jam that tasted like pure fall. (Move over psl chicas in your uggs.)  I put my foot down with the beets cooked with coffee & rye. Served warm over cocoa & hibiscus, micro greens & buttermilk ice cream. The mixture was simply devine.  The mushrooms... the lightly fried oyster & shiitake mushrooms with pickled Serrano peppers, sprouted lentils, salted lime curd & balsamic reduction. Had that miraculous concoction not been served on a wooden board, I surely would have licked the serving platter clean.  And then they had croissant cake for dessert! CROISSANT CAKE!!!   It was a happy birthday indeed. Thank you forequarter. Thank you.  If you are even considering going here, put down your computer, ipad or mobile device & head towards 708 E Johnson. Now. You won't be sorry.
4 The food is great...go now.   Hit: the whole menu  Miss: n/a  Hint: they don't take reservations but are worth the wait.    Bottom line: go even if you don't wear cigarette jeans.   (Side note: I tease hipsters  just as they would throw some shade my way for being a country club kid.)
5 The best meal of my life. They are amazing for local food that means more than just a dinner out. Drinks were amazing and the food was most expertly made with simple elements that made for the perfect compote. I would recommend this restourant to the endth degree.
3 The food seemed to be delicious for the few bites I had... The portions are very small and fairly higher priced. If you're looking for a place to celebrate, or if you're used to spending ~$30-40 per person to be full, here's the spot for you. The atmosphere is also quite lovely. Be prepared to wait on a weekend night.
5 Stunning. Creative. Bold flavors. Mind-blowing combinations of ingredients. Fresh farm to table collective and cooperative.  No bosses....just good food. Damn good food.  My new favorite restaurant.  Sorry L'etoile.
5 Awesome dinner service tonight! This was our first time there, and it exceeded expectations, pushing its way to the top of our Madison best list.   Their menu changes often, but we a couple of cocktails (a special of the day and a margarita). Both were good.   For food, we got the fried shiitake mushrooms, pork belly, and trout. They were each phenomenal. The flavor combinations were creative yet go well together. We were impressed by each.   We ended with the dark chocolate polenta cake, sugared ginger, and house made ice cream. It was unique but not my favorite part of the meal.   The atmosphere was well thought out, though a bit dark. Our waitress was knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive. One of the parts my husband and I appreciated the most was that she ran our credit card at the table so there was no end of meal waiting time, which is a part of the meal that can kill the good momentum if the wait is too long.   All in all, I highly recommend this place.
3 If Yelp would let me give a 3.5 star review I would, but I'm not worried, this place is so popular they'll be fine. I love the style, of cuisine & atmosphere. It's hip, it's in, the place has a story to tell. The dishes just fell short for me. Mushroom dish - solid, the shiitake mushrooms in particular were fantastic, perfect texture. The cold salmon dish, not for me. Salmon was a bit off & the complimenting flavors too bold. The bread & veggie dish we couldn't finish, once again flavors too bold - salty & charred. And bean texture suggesting they were maybe underdone? The skirt steak special however: PHENOMENAL. Every bite was perfect. Cocktails, solid. Dessert, a Caramelized Croissant, belisimo!   And service was pleasant & knowledgable. Once again, worthy of a higher rating if I could. But those two dishes that missed, one we forced down as not to be wasteful & the other we didn't even try to fake cus we couldn't. You never wanna feel like you wasted money. But all in all, I liked this place. I wish it well, & I'm confident that it will stay hot, as the farm to table movement continues to grip the nation.
5 The best food I have had in a long time.   Classy fun great atmosphere great drinks and food highly recommend!
5 This place rocks!  I am from Seattle and a lot of Seattle restaurants have tried to execute the same concept but are unsuccessful.  During my 4 day stay in Madison I visited Forequarter 2 times.  All of the dishes and drinks I tried were very good.  It is hard to choose a favorite.  I don't think you can go wrong with any.  Some of the dishes, such as the pork belly, took me by surprise.  I was expecting it to be heavy, but it was not. All dishes exemplified balance.  I can't find one thing wrong with this place.  Food was prepared with a depth of flavors, cooked to perfection, and presented well.  Serving size is just right and the price is reasonable.  Servers were attentive and friendly.  Atmosphere was warm and  not pretentious.  Very impressive.
4 Ahh. Forequarter. The hipster Madison atmosphere is amusing, the food has me coming back.   This food here is fantastic. I have never eaten anything i have not loved here.  So why the four stars one might ask? Well Yelp does not let me give 4.5 stars. But also because there are certain quirks and things that causes this.  One being that while the food is pricey, but thats okay because you are paying for a concept etc. But vegetarians do get a little screwed in their options and what they get for the money. This place makes me really glad I eat meat, cause they just do it SO WELL.  I don't drink alcohol with dinner often, don't know why, just is. If you don't drink alcohol you are limited to ginger beer or lemonade ( ginger beer I don't drink and lemonade was sub par). They literally don't serve soda, I understand not serving the corporate stuff, but seriously at least some local stuff or something would be appreciated.   They are tiny, and immensely popular which means if you get there by 5:10 somedays you are waiting for two hours. They don't take reservations, and don't seat till your whole party get there.   Despite the quirks, the food is worth it. Its innovative, yummy, full of character. The daily sausage platter is the best bang for your buck.
4 I came with friends for drinks / snacks during bar time (10pm - 1am) -- so this is a review of Forequarter the bar, not Forequarter the restaurant.  All in all a great night.  Cocktails were amazing.  Sidecar, "Cola," daily Old Fashioned, "Fruit Punch," were incredibly tasty.  Other cocktails we had were good overall. Great to see creative craft cocktails making a splash (ha) in a beer town.      Great ambience (classic ceilings, place is decently tucked away from downtown bustle) although for a cold December night the cold air draft blowing in every time someone opened the door got pretty bad.  There were only 2 food items available on the late menu (meat & cheese plate + sausage plate) which is a bit unfortunate -- it'd be nice to at least have a few more food items to munch on.  Service was fantastic and there was actually decent amounts of seating still available on a Saturday night.  We told the waitress we were hungry for more food and the kitchen gave us seasoned fried guineafowl skin to munch on for free.  The meat & cheese plate was decent and the brussels sprouts w guineafowl sausage was super tasty.  Brussels sprouts were nicely charred and seasoned and they gave us more sprouts and bread when we asked.  Drinks are pretty pricey for what you get in this neck of the woods -- $8-14 per cocktail and many of the cocktails were smaller than a standard lowball glass.  Slightly lower prices, more food options, and double doors would've easily justified 5 stars.  The place lived up to the hype.
5 I am giving this five stars for the Madison area only since it is easily the best restaurant in the city.  That would still leave it behind a lot of places in Chicago, for instance, but I want to recognize it for what it is.  Which is excellent.  First visit was merely good.  Second visit was astounding with every dish bringing novel flavors and perfect execution.  We opened with some beets marinated in coffee.  I loved it, but there were only four beets...  There was also something that looked like ground coffee, but was also tasty.  Sadly, I can't recall the menu.  Next was a fish chowder. Not really a soup, but a light sauce on some fish and other meats/vegetables that was only vaguely akin to your normal clam chowder.  Our main courses were a quail preparation on a sweet potato puree and a hanger steak with sweetbreads.  The former came with two purees actually, but I  can't recall the other.  They were dark and white and when mixed together were downright transcendent.  The quail was perfectly cooked as well.  It was the better of the two entrees.  The hanger steak was very interesting, but the weird flavors coming off of it were very close to breaching bad.  It ended up working and I quite liked the sweetbread, but it was the weakest dish of the night.  Then comes dessert.  I was initially nonplussed by the offerings.  The panna cotta/ creme brulee line of desserts is a bit overdone and I am not going to order a platter of mundane sounding cookies.  However, my wife ordered a Kouign Amann.  I am so glad she did.  Kouign Amann is a pastry you can easily mess up, in particular making it too bready.  Not the case here.  Perfect caramelization all over the top and a flaky muffin bottom full of apple compote.  Dessert clinched it for me.  Best place in Madison to eat.  I sincerely hope the Kouign Amann stays on the dessert menu.
5 Warm and cozy atmosphere - very comfortable place to be.  I was with a difficult group; we must have driven the "maître d" and our server crazy but they handled it with no outward expression of the exasperation they surely felt, very courteous and professional.
3 My friend and I arrived around 7 pm on a Sunday night - packed, as usual, but this crowdedness is chiefly a function of the tiny, tiny size of the space. No table, of course, so we sat at the bar near the door with the cold, cold air blowing in from time to time. The bartender/waitress was helpful but kept answering questions as if I already knew the place. (My friend tells me this is part of the restaurant's aim: to have a local feel and following hence the tiny space and the assumption I already know they run a butcher shop.) The menu doesn't make obvious sense with escalating prices but no category identification. It took the server a while to explain it, but she eventually indicated we should share a couple of smaller plates and each order a larger plate (not so designated but implied by price). Anyway, the first course was a tiny, tiny beet salad with something that looked like dirt and tasted like oreos and some ice cream (!). My friend really enjoyed it, but I found the skimpy serving to be ridiculous: they're beets. How much are beets? Anyway, I'm done complaining -- from this point on the meal was very nice: cavatelli with lamb was yummy and ample; I had the sausage plate with Portlandia-worthy pedigree on the veal/pork/beef - tasty. The wines were hit or miss. I would go back to this place but not rush back.
5 Forequarter is a restaurant in Madison, Wisconsin that takes a refreshing team-based approach at their place. Instead of the chef dominating the creative process, it is owned and operated by a collective. With only 18 seats, the service was excellent. The beer and craft cocktail selection was noteworthy: because of the crushing cold of the polar vortex we were offered mulled cider compliments of the collective at the beginning of our dinner.  We began with house cured pork shoulder, coppa, and a local cheese, accompanied by smoked olives, toasted macadamia, assorted pickled vegetables, two types of mustard, and house baked bread. Everything was memorable. Girlfriend accused me of eating most of the coppa.  For dinner the vegetarian stew in a lemon broth was invigorating. I find the dessert to have been the real stunner, however, for its simplicity. House baked croissant, moist and sweet on the bottom, crispy and rich exterior, with real whipped cream, not sweet, all richness, and tart local apples.
5 If I had one place to take my well-traveled best friend anywhere in Madison, this would be it. True story.   They lured me in with their late night drinks and gained my trust to come back for dinner. For two of us, three platters was the right amount to have a fair sampling of the menu and amusingly struggle with towards the end. Still, we had room for dessert.    The cookie platter would have sounded boring at any other place but at this point I'd let them serve me a paper bag. It was like $3 per cookie, but seriously, it was the best cookie experience I've ever had. The cookies were pairings OF EACH OTHER, and I was still fantasizing about their textures several days later. What sort of witchcraft or wizardry must one do to pair cookies like that?   Our server had great suggestions when we asked, and helped us narrow down our choices. Their menu seems to change often, so don't expect to order something you've read about on here. It's like bungee jumping with a really great bungee cable -- just trust, and let go. It's not great for large groups because of the small space and its popularity. Plus, the bathroom is kind of cold in the winter. Can you tell I'm struggling to write a balanced review?   Forequarter makes me feel grateful to be without specific dietary needs because limiting the menu in any way would make me sad, knowing what I know now. While there's been much online and word-of-mouth hype about this place, it's still an understated experience.
4 Very good food in a great setting. I've been here a couple times, having a chance to try a couple salads, some pork, duck and beef. The food has been well prepared, and delicious, although some of the compositions are a bit too out there for my tastes (but what do I know?)  Service is consistently good, and the restaurant itself is very sleek and intimate. I wish that they took reservations, because the place is so small, if you try to go during peak hours your apt to be waiting in your car or outside if it's April-Sep.  I wish I could give it another half star, but the food just doesn't blow me away enough to earn a perfect score. One of my favorites in Madison though, highly recommend.
5 I love the gastropub trend in Madison. And I can't believe how I could have not written a review on it. This little unassuming shophouse along Johnson street hosts one of the best sharing plates in Madison. Drinks, top notch. Food, delicious and creative. I have never had a disappointing time here, ever.  The only thing I will watch out for is the crowd. Hipsters LOVE forequarter. Foodies love forequarter. EVERYONE does. And its tiny place can only fit maybe 25-30 people at a time. So, no reservations other than Sundays mean you have to come early, leave your name, and in the winter find some other place to hang out cos its too small to wait in the restaurant... Or, come really late. after 9pm.  Food. what's good? EVERYTHING. also, they change their menu all the time that my favorites just leave the menu as quickly as they come. However, if you see items that resemble these things, DON'T HESITATE.  Love the grilled bread. It had so many ingredients hidden inside, the wonderful crust outside. I'm so sad it never reappeared in the past 6 months.  Gnocchi. oh those soft pillow. with the wonderful caramelized crust. chewy and lovely. my favorite friend in the world.  Fried chicken. oooh, i love my chicken cooked medium rare. some people don't like the red, but COME ON, chicken shouldn't be overcooked. ew.  pork shoulder. mmmmm... so good. the amount of fat and meat was just nice. so flavorful. oh god. how could they have got this so right.  drinks with egg white. YAY. so tasty. you could even ask for the egg yolk if you are into this kinda thing ;)  Liquid nitrogen ice cream! I love it!!! the texture is so awesome. it was peppermint and chocolate. love it!! It's just like the Taiwanese snow ice.  This is an awesome place for couples to visit. dim lights, good food and drinks. Best date EVER!
5 Possibly the best restaurant in Madison! Amazing atmosphere, stellar drinks, and rotating menu of amazingly delicious (and usually locally-sourced) cuisine. I have gone here numerous times and had my mind blown by the food here. Often times I will be lukewarm about a potential ingredient on the menu (due to my own eccentricities), but nearly every time I end up loving any dish I get.
5 So I keep going back... and loving it. If it were not on the pricier side I would go even more often. I do wish they had more non alcoholic options, but the food is perfect EVERY TIME. Its awesome.
4 Went in on a Sunday night knowing it would (hopefully) be slower. Walking in, I'd have to say it's a little strange moving to the back to get to the server/host stand, but we were approached by a server which was nice. As a server I understand that if we're in for drinks and an app that occupying a table, especially in a small restaurant, isn't really possible. The server was really nice and we opted to wait for a seat at the bar.  Everyone we talked to was very nice. We put in for drinks with a server and ended up taking a seat at the bar and being served there. The bartender was really nice and very good at answering our questions about some of the food items we were unsure about.  My boyfriend got a bourbon old fashioned, one of the best ones I've tasted, and I got a Gins and Tonic which was perfect and tart. It went very well with the Braunschweiger, which I had never tried before, but was absolutely one of the most delicious foods I have ever had in my whole life. Which might sound sad considering all the amazing food in the world, but it was very true.   There was a perfect blend of toast, liverwurst, onion jam, stone ground mustard, and radish.  We've taken to trying new food and drinks and this is the perfect place to do that. I'd say the only negative is that it's small, but they really do what they can with the space and they very much know what's going on.   Hopefully we will try table service soon and do full entrees. Will be back!
5 Yes. Just yes. Always.  We love going here with a bigger group and sharing e.v.e.r.y.t.h.i.n.g on the menu.   It's small, so I assume they have some major wait times occasionally but we have somehow always avoided that.   Anxiously awaiting warm weather for the return of their shaved ice cocktails and quaint outdoor seating.
5 Outstanding!!!!  The collective keeps developing new ideas and is becoming a local food mecca.  I went as a group of four just prior to Christmas and tried all but 2 items on the menu.  Their menu is concise and artfully described, but limited to about 16 items in all.  I tried everything, but my favorite part of my meal was those cheesy potatoes, sounds so Midwestern, but when they use Rush Creek Reserve .... I need not say more.  I happen to add a little extra of that cheese sauce to the braunsauger.    Day after our feast we headed to the Underground Butcher for take home memories of our meal!
5 A glowy, special, expensive-but-worth-it dining experience.  It gets loud in there people, so be aware if your friend / date has any kind of hearing loss - it is really hard to hear when the place is packed, and it is almost always packed.  I've been multiple times and each time there is something new and delicious to discover. No reservations so best to get there early. And DEFINITELY get the mushrooms if they are on the menu.
5 It's taken me two weeks to come up with the words for this place but I don't think anything I can say will do it justice. This is my favorite place in Madison. It is where I will bring my friends and family when they visit. I just love it so much!  It is a fairly small place so there is a good chance you will have to wait if you come during peak dinner hours. We got lucky and two spots opened up right when we go there. They were right by the door so I though "oh  no, it is going be cold everytime the door is opened" but there is heater underneath and I was nice and toasty the whole time.  We got coffee roasted beets, monkfish ceviche, fried shitake and oyster mushrooms, a dessert croissant, and a cheese plate. The flavors of each dish were amazing. Everything itself was a creative culinary masterpiece, flavors that I did not imagine would work together, did! The croissant had delicious crumbly layers upon layers. The ceviche was cold, spicy, creamy, sour elements all working together. I figure it doesn't make too much sense too go into crazy detail about the menu because it is changing all the time. But I wish I could have tried everything.   This is one of those places that left me saying wow, and it definitely going in my list of all time favorite places.
5 If you like out of the ordinary food and creative creations, this is for you, a foodies wonderland! Presentation was great, atmosphere inviting and warm, wait staff well educated, and they had a great offering of creative and tasty drinks. As a non-meat eater, the menu was meat heavy but there were plenty of other options. The butter poached cod was melt in your mouth and not greasy; the mushroom plate was splendid, the fluke ceviche was out of this world. Definitely worth the trip. A little hard to find without a sign, so keep your eyes open!
4 Very good food carefully prepared, I've been here a few times and personally think this is one if the five best restaurants in Madison. This round our group of four tried around ten of the selections each was delicious! My advice - go early, go often!
5 Wow... I believe! I believe! I believe in the power of food love!  This place is phenomenal! Just go here. Suggest small group (2-4) and go early around 5:30 - 6 pm on weekday or 5 pm weekend. Make it a 2 hour dinner journey to engage everything. And try to sit at the bar (group of 2). the bartenders are very helpful and quick: water, menus, alcohol, food. She held our hand for my lactose issues (described the entire menu and which items could be without milk products) and suggested drinks to fit our tastes.  First set of drinks: Gin's Tonic and Gimlet. Both very good. The tonic was a peach version so it tastes a little different, but good.  First course: special of the night: Lamb salami. WOW. Good portion and perfect starter. Comes on a plate with stone ground mustard, dijon mustard, pickled items, and some seed bread. The meat itself is very lightly salted and a light meat flavor (different from genoa salami, in a fresh way). The accompaniments really add a different flavor to the meat, allowing each bite to be a little different. But my favorite was the meat by itself.  Second course: Fried shiitake and oyster mushrooms. WOW. You had me at shiitake! but the addition of light breading, balsamic drizzle and lentils just takes the shiitake taste to that yummy earthy mushroom flavor. so good!  Second set of drinks: Brandy Old Fashioned and Bee's Knees. Bee's Knees, how do I love you? Very much! Found a new favorite drink in the Mad-town! I love honey, I love lemon, I love Gin! Now I love Bee's Knees! (It wasn't "on" the menu but the bartender suggested I'd like it after my tendency toward citrus drinks.) The secret ingredient was some fennel/sugary topping.  Brandy Old Fashioned - too heavy on the alcohol burn for my liking, but it tasted decent. The brandy soaked cherry was very tasty.  Third course: house made Buckwheat Cavatelli. WOW. me LEEKy! The cavatelli is a hearty, warm, soul filling dish. But the leeks really made it standout. The pasta is cooked then butter pan fried, tossed with the leeks and some daikon chunks. The daikon is a radish with a very slight sour flavor, which added something unique.   Fourth course: Sea bass. Good. I am not a huge fan of sea bass, due to my previous experience of it tasting "fishy." I was raised in the Heartland on cows so Sea bass is what I consider a medium to heavy fish-flavored fish. But we ordered it b/c the other big entrees were just too meaty or too milky. The sea bass was cooked perfect, with skin on one side. The flavor only hinted of fish, but could be hidden in the olive smear on the bottom of the plate. For those of you who like heavy omega oil fish, this might barely scratch that surface. For people like me that likes a light to medium fish flavor, Forequarter does a great job on keeping the fish flavor low. The best part about this dish was the pork chunks - yum! There was also  a potato cake in the dish. It was flakey and thick, but just felt heavy. It didn't seem to do much for the flavors in the dish.  Dessert: Cookie Plate. WOW! I love Macaroons! woo hoo! Did you know macaroons are just little cookie cakes? um YUM! I'm not sure if they make these in-house (I can't believe not), but the macaroons are just heavenly. The other 2 cookies on the plate are delicious too. All of them go great with the Baltimore Madeira.  After dinner, we were talking to another bar mate and the bartender informed me"I did not give you the Madeira you ordered, I am going to give you that one for free." Say What?! Free? Really I wouldn't have known any better and I told her "I didn't need a full pour, but would love to test the one I had ordered." The one I had ordered was a Whiskey aged in Madeira barrels; the one I received was a simple Madeira. Whiskey is VERY different from Madeira! I am a Madeira convert! Yummy sweet wine thing! (The whiskey was a strong whiskey burn and smokiness with an underlying sweetness.)  Overall, this place is awesome. 4 out of 5 food items WOWed us. The drinks were great. Depending on your proximity and propensity toward eating and/or drinking, you can easily spend $30 - $60/person.
5 Forequarter is definitely among the best restaurants in Madison. Everything was perfect the night we were in. We will be going back often.
3 The food portions are somewhere between true tapas and enough-for-one, but the prices are slightly higher than expected for the area. The butter poached scallops were delicious, but the monkfish ceviche, smoked salmon, and fried shiitake mushrooms were just ok. The decor was friendly, relaxed, and well-lit, but there was barely enough room to walk between the tables.  Generally acceptable and lots of "buts" = 3 stars.
5 Came back a 2nd time. Experience was just as awesome. But this time I sat outside and took advantage of the nice light to take pics!
5 Oh man, FINALLY, I made it to an ahh-mazing restaurant in Madison! I've been wanting to try out Forequarter for awhile now, but finally made it there last week.   They don't take reservations, so be prepared to put your  name on a list and hang at the bar for a bit and partake in their delish cocktails! I ordered a lemon cocktail, something like spring fling? I forget, but it was sooo good. Granted, I'm not a huge cocktail drinker, but my boyfriend said his old fashioned was pretty killer, and that's his go-to drink.   For an appetizer, I got the beets and they melted in my mouth! Omg, I actually kept trying to get every last bit using my finger... such a fatty and I didn't even care. We then ordered the potato special app, which was basically potatoes and yummy cheese (can't really go wrong there), and for my entree I got the scallops. with parsnip puree and a lemony sauce. I freaking love a good scallop, and these were some of the best I've ever had! They just melted in my mouth and I could have eaten a whole bucket of them. Is that a thing? Cuz it should be.   We hung around at the bar for awhile, and our bartender was nice, knowledgable, friendly and overall a cool dude. He even hooked us up with a shot. Pretty sure that shot was because he loved my bolo tie, but I'll never know.   This place isn't cheap, but this is the only place in Madison that I've been (except for L'etoile)  that is worth every damn penny.   Can't WAIT to go back!
5 This place is great! It's rare to find a place that makes fantastic cocktails, has great food, and a great beer list. We came here from Chicago and there's a place in Evanston called Ward Eight that is very similar. I highly recommend.
5 I wish I could give this place 10 stars. We recently had some foodie friends in from Chicago, and they LOVED this place. One of my friends has a nut allergy and she was elated to discover how professionally they handled everything. So well, in fact, she was able to share all of the plates with the group and get a couple of drinks without any concern. Forequarter truly is a gem.
4 Forequarter has the kind of candle-lit, dark wood ambiance that makes me a fan immediately upon walking in. Then, you pick up the cocktail menu and realized they have bottled cocktails as well as an extensive list of creative concoctions and fall a bit more in love with the place. Heck, even their non-alcoholic drink list is impressive. After you've ordered a drink you begin to peruse the menu, which happens to change a little bit everyday, and you know without a doubt Forequarter is the kind of place you want to frequent regularly. I ate dinner here with a group of people and because of that was allowed the opportunity to sample lots of dishes. Honestly, there was a bad bite I put into my mouth.   It's a lovely spot for dinner with friends or a date and if I lived in Madison it would definitely be in my date night rotation. As it stands, I'm so glad I had the opportunity to try Forequarter on my travels to Madison!
5 I just saw that someone flagged my initial review as "helpful" - figured it was time for an update, since that review is a year old, and I've been back to Forequarter many the time since.  Update:  + It remains awesome. Everything about it is fantastic.   Tips/notes:  * Plan to wait for a table, especially during peak hours * If you can accommodate it, try going later on a Sunday night. It'll be less busy. * Ask the staff for recommendations, be it drinks or food. They won't steer you wrong. * Allow a little extra time to find parking * Get the fried mushrooms
4 Excellent food. Very eclectic menu. Our party had quail, salmon, sausage, asparagus and scrambled duck eggs.  All were excellent, but sausage got highest marks. Excellent cocktails - especially the daiquiri.
5 My sister and I went here and had a great time.  We were seated promptly and received our food promptly as well.  The staff was nice and the food was great.  I had roasted sablefish and it was delicious.
