4 The staff is friendly and the place is clean. But the sandwiches...oh dear, they are so so yummy! I honestly don't think I've had a better sandwich than the ones at this place. The one I get is the Firehouse Hero.
3 This place is SUPER CUTE, I have to say. The tables with the dalmatian spots are to-die-for. MOST of the staff is friendly, the girl ringing us up did not seem amused at anything or interested in anything other than taking our order, but maybe she was just having an off day. Everyone else was nice, and they bring your sandwiches to the table.   As far as taste, I enjoyed my sandwich. The turkey is really good. The bread is a little thick for my preference but it was still delicious. They also have this crazy soda machine with a zillion flavors. I don't drink soda so I can't attest to the taste but it's pretty cool.   One thing...I have never waited SO LONG for a sandwich in my whole life. My goodness. I got a basic turkey, nothing special, and waited at least 10 minutes. And it didn't seem THAT busy.
4 I am not a sub fan, I lived in Boston and they make grinders there, that said I went to Firehouse Subs for lunch today.  My store is across the street and we are working on our grand opening. This is a familiar location to me, used to be a cool Mexican Eatery. Well, I ordered cheese steak and it was good(I was starving), the place was packed which I was glad to see.  But the line at the coke machine was a bit long!!!  They seem to be doing quite well.  Good eats but nothing knocked me out...I am glad to see they are doing well.
5 No way there is a better place then fire house to get subs!!!  love this place and the service is always amazing!!
5 Best meatball sandwich I have ever had.  Not too spicy and great flavor, fresh bread.  Looking forward to having another one.  YUM
1 Avoid the veggie sub pretty much just lettuce. Much more toppings at any other sub place I've ever been to.
4 I love a good sub and Firehouse is a pretty solid choice for me. I always get a hot sub and it's delicious! Food does take a few minutes to get to you so it's not super "fast" food but still can eat in or take to go. Prices are between $5-10 a sub, depending on size, toppings, meats etc.   Good choice, close to home, will be back.
3 It's a good sandwich shop. It's not super fast, expect your order to take some time and enjoy the sports on tv or hanging with some friends. Their commercials say "best meatball sandwhich" in the valley. I disagree. It's good. It's not THAT good. It a little pricier than I'd like for some bread with meat, but I like toasted subs and I love the selection of hot sauces. The ambiance is fun and the pictures and coats from firemen are pretty cool. I don't go out of my way to eat there, but if there's one nearby, I'll enjoy myself a good sub when I'm out doing errands.
1 this place was horrible, way over priced , small portions,  they are stingey on the meat. im from the east coast and ive only found one good sandwich place so far in az but its in scottsdale.. so i keep trying places closer to where i live only to be horribly disappointed each time.. also the other bizarre thing ive never seen anywhere elseexcept at firehouse subs was the rolls for the hoagies come in 6 or 8 inches or 8 or 10 inches depending on which sandwich you get.. mine was 6 inches and the bread was as thin as a baguette, my husband got 8 inches and it was bigger like a hoagie roll. mine sandwich cost more than his though?? my kids got a kids meal there sandwich was 2 inches smaller than mine.. wth??? also the counters were so tall i could read the bottom of the menu on the wall and im 5'7"..
5 Love firehouse subs!!!! Got the hook and ladder sandwhich tonight! It was perfect! Hit the spot! Their virginia ham is delicious! Has a great sweetness to it!
5 It's my first time here. I had a take out order. My sub was the firehouse meatball. It was really good. The food was made very quick since I'm just down the street. They were very friendly and the place looked cute. The cookie and brownie were yummy. I love the fact that they had the subs in a togo box and not wrapped. I would come back again.
4 One of the better sandwich shops in the valley, and the Italian sandwich is fantastic. 'Nuff said.
