5 My experience with attorneys have not been the best until I met Preston at The Firm.  He was the 1st Attorney that I worked with that Genuinely Cared and was not looking for a quick retainer but actually wanted to HELP!  Most Attorneys are too busy to really help and are quick to take money from you instead.  Thank You to Preston and The Firm for changing my views about Attorneys in Vegas!  I will always recommend you to all my friends and family.
5 I would recommend The Firm to my friends and family.  They offer assistance in Personal Injury, divorce, help with child custody modification and bankruptcy.  I am very impressed with their knowledge and ability to get things done.  Highly Recommended!
5 I went in here to see Ryan and man is that guy nice and knowledgable. He was very informative and patient because I had a whole lot of questions to ask. If you guys need help ask Ryan.
5 I would recommend The Firm to all.   I am highly impressed with there skills.
5 this firm is great! very knowledgeable and helpful!
5 I was looking for an attorney in Las Vegas and I came across Ryan Alexander a few years ago when I needed help with a real estate problem I had.  It was very complex and I was stressed and didn't think I would be able to find a solution without using a lawyer.  Ryan was so amazing that he not only helped with my my issue, but I have since used his law firm for making trusts, and for a contract on a business purchase.  I have also had numerous conversations with both Ryan and Preston about filing Bankruptcy for various businesses as well.  I have never had to personally use a personal injury attorney, but if I ever did, I would for sure use Ryan or Preston.  Another thing I liked about working with Ryan and Preston is that they are easily accessible.  Unlike many attorneys who don't answer their phones, they both gave me their mobile numbers, and Ive even been fortunate enough to have one of the drop by the house for a face-to-face consultation, since we found out we lived near each other.  I would highly recommend The Firm to anyone looking for an attorney in Las Vegas.  They are the best lawyers I have ever met especially with regards to their overall legal knowledge and their experience in numerous facets of law, including personal injury, business law, contracts, and bankruptcy filings.
5 I have worked with these guys and they are great! As colleagues Ryan and Preston are great and a real expert support when I come across legal issues that I have not dealt with before. I recommend them to anyone who is in need with an accident, a bk, family law issues- these guys are great.
5 When I came to the firm have some work done, these guys were on top of it. It is clear that they not only care about the quality of work they do, but they also care about their clients. I would highly recommend this firm to anybody in need of having legal work done.
5 The lawyers at The Firm -- especially Ryan Alexander -- are great.  My husband and I have been in touch with Ryan Alexander two times.  A few years ago, my husband (a lawyer himself on the east coast) had an allergic reaction at a casino, and Ryan gave great advice on how to handle negotiating with the insurer. More recently, we were in Las Vegas and I got in an accident in a rental car, and felt a bit helpless at being a visitor with a traffic citation. I knew I wasn't at fault, but the officer said he had to cite someone.  Ryan helped me contest the ticket, and was incredibly responsive and helpful throughout the process.  I highly recommend The Firm for spot-on advice and action.  Thanks again!
5 The service at The Firm was excellent! From the friendly staff to Preston himself. I went to them for a traffic ticket and they were quick to fix it. They called me within a few days to give me their feedback on the ticket. I would definitely recommend The Firm to family and friends. They are well worth it.
2 Cant speak much about The Firm, other than they aren't very good at returning phone calls. On my first call in on Monday i was able to speak to Preston who ran me through a long process over the phone of what seemed like more than what was necessary in my case but he seemed to know what he was talking about. I was informed to go to the ER and return the call the next day to arrange a meeting, which i did. I called for the next two days actually and didn't get any kind of a return call from anybody till Thursday to finally schedule an appointment and i declined because i had already found somebody to help me who scheduled me in immediately. I understand people are busy but its a courtesy to return a phone call in a timely fashion from a professional office. Preston seemed nice enough, i simply wish i had the chance to work with him. Good luck.
