4 Charming little place for a simple French lunch on the near East side, sharing space with Bon Appetit Cafe.  Small menu, but what I ate -- buckwheat crepes (a speciality of Brittany), filled with potato, big chunks of bacon, and gruyere -- was a real pleasure.  Open for lunch only, except for a special French dinner the third Thursday night of each month.
5 I felt like I was in Paris! I had really superb "pistou" soup and French crepes. A fun touch: Nanou brought out the dishes herself in this intimate little east side restaurant (in shared space with the also excellent Bon Appetit).
5 Charming, tasty, whimsical...recommend to try anything but especially the lavender creme brûlée. We had two excellent experiences would visit often if we lived in Madison.
4 What a darling little bistro.  We were meeting friends there to celebrate their recent engagement. They live in the neighborhood and were always anxious to try it, but of course it was the out-of-towner (me, who spied it while driving by), who recommended it.   This place is small, with only about eight tables, but it's the perfect place for a leisurely brunch or lunch, or even a romantic dinner.  The décor is simple, but charming, with pictures of Provence decorating the walls and French books stacked neatly in the corners.  I started with the French hot chocolate, which came with an adorable homemade marshmallow ghost (see photo), and a small dish of whipped cream. It was so thick and rich and creamy that it was more like a dessert than a beverage. We all shared a plate of sliced baguette with delicious jams and butter on the side.  I can't not order a croquet madame whenever I see it on a menu, so of course that's what I had. The salty ham, nutty gruyere, creamy bechamel, and soft (but not too runny) egg made it a flawless version. It had some lovely salad-y thing on the side. The others had pain perdu (french toast) and scrambled eggs with smoked salmon. Everything was excellent, and well-prepared.  Service was very pleasant. We appreciated that we were not rushed at all while we were. I always feel guilty staying too long at a table when the restaurant is busy, but there was never a wait for a table so it wasn't a problem at all. The food was made to order, so it took a bit of time, but clearly there is not a lot of staff working, so have patience, because it's worth it.  The lunch and dinner menu looked equally appealing and they offer beer and wine to enjoy with your food. Prices are more than reasonable for the quality you're receiving.  I can't wait to go back again next time I'm in Madison.
4 Had brunch there recently and I was super impressed. The Onion soup was almost like a stew, rich and full of garlic and seasoning.  Possibly the best I have had in Madison.  I had the potato and bacon crepe and it was fabulous, perfectly cooked potatoes and a bechamel sauce that was incredibly rich and satisfying without being overwhelming or gross.  I'm a little lactose intolerant but a really well prepared sauce is not a problem, and in this case it was perfect.  I can't wait to have it again.  My ladies Croque was also quite a pleasure.  All in all an excellent addition to one of the best neighborhoods in the city for great food.  I can't wait to go back, but I suppose I should hit the gym a bit first.
4 Paris!! and right on Willy Street too! I went there for lunch and was extremely happy to find another place in Mad town where the people CARE about food.  Treated myself to the hard cider -served in a petite carafe alongside a cute hand-thrown pottery mug/glass. a good start. Had the buckwheat crepe "Parisienne"- which was filled w/ ham, mushrooms, gruyere and bechamel sauce. It was PERFECT and came with a side salad of baby greens.  This is a tiny place - only 8 tables- it is now open for some dinners - and DOES take credit cards.  My only tiny negative comment is that they need to upgrade their silverware. They have the cheapest tinniest stuff and it actually detracted from the eating experience. Given the excellent food, the cute plates and handmade mug - the silverware did not fit. they would do fine to go get some funky mismatched heavier silver/stainless at St Vinnys.  I will definitely go back to try more crepes and desserts. They apparently have an in-house pastry chef and I want to try everything! Confession: I have a weak spot for creme brulee. We will go back for dinner also, as they said they always have specials and will have Cassoulet and lamb this winter.  It is not the cheapest cafe - but think of how much you save by not taking that plane trip to Paris!
4 Had a great meal at Chez Nanou Friday night. There were so many yummy sounding options that I'll have to go back soon! It's quite a small space so I would recommend making a reservation as diners tend to linger.   Pros- Great selection of charcuterie and French cheeses Specials highlight seasonal ingredients, fresh and delicious Espresso  Amazing deserts  Cons- Don't go to Chez Nanou if you're in a rush. As long as you enjoy a long relaxing meal and have good company to talk to you'll love it!
5 Traveling through the area when I found this gem for a fantastic lunch.It truly made my day to make the discovery!!  I had the ASSIETTE de CHARCUTERIE and felt like I was back in France!  I could quickly tell that Nanou is all about quality and craft and puts in serious effort to deliver a wonderfully authentic touch to the menu. My companions were also stoked by this sweet woman and felt the" down home", French touch that is rare to find anywhere in the states. Do not hesitate to get out and support Chez Nanou!
5 My boyfriend and I had a wonderful lunch here.  I had the crepe with brie and prosciutto.  It was excellent.  I also had the Kir cocktail, which was great.  It's a cute, romantic cafe.
4 On one of the first Springy Sundays of the year, my wife and I decided to try the brunch at Chez Nanou. We reserved a table, which was easy to do online, and we're greeted pleasantly at the door by the one server, who was doubling as a host. Other couples came in and we're able to find immediate seating. Apparently the word of brunch here is not out yet.  Let's start with the food because that's what matters. My wife ordered the Savoyarde crepes, which were delightfully creamy and rustic, though thicker than expected. Being buckwheat crepes, they were also gluten free, as were many of the offerings. We shared a cup of the soup du jour, which was stellar. As I am a lover of bread, I ordered the brioche French toast with apple cinnamon, and I haven't been able to forget it since the first bite. With just a hint of sweetness and spice, the bread was superb and tender, with just the right bit of crustiness from the pan. Served with a delicate creme fraiche and a nice sampling of honey, every bite was unique and marvelous. The apples tasted like they were exhumed from a fresh pie, cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was, without question, the best French toast I've ever had in a restaurant.  Chez Nanou, at first glance, seems hyper conscious of its Frenchness. It is a small space, bedecked with posters for wine and other sundries, photographs of romanticized lavender fields, and a gratuitous number of Provençal and Parisian scenes, including a watercolor of Le Moulin Rouge, indistinguishable from other watercolors of that spinning landmark. It's decidedly cheesy chezy, but there are minute, charming touches that make up for it. In the entryway, taped to an old world kitchen rack, is an enshrined empty bottle of a 1959 French vintage accompanied by typed letter in French from the patron who donated it explaining its provenance. Should you be curious as to the translation, grab one of the books from the Little Free French Library in the back, and practice at home, or over a plate of something delicious. Amusez-vous bien!
3 Food was very tasty and the presentation  was exceptional.  I would have preferred a larger portion. It seems in France you get generous portions, but French restaurants in the U.S. Not so much. It seemed a little pricey for the amount of food.
