5 I love this place, specially now that it has been remodeled and the best two stylist stayed (this used to be Snip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah).  Ms. Tara and Ms. Julie are really great. The salon is airy and fresh looking, and has a nice playing area for the kids as well as TV and DVD players for them to watch movies while getting their hair cut.    Today my little girl had the works, she even let her hair be wash in the "big girls" sink.  Ms. Julie finished her cut and made a beautiful braided crown and put little flowers around.  She looked adorable.  My little boy, well there is not much to do with a boy, but he got his hair cut nicely and spiked.  Total rocker.
5 Miss Tara has been cutting my 3 kids hair for over a year and does a consistent fabulous job! She is patient and listens to exactly what you want your kids hair cut to look like.  You can't beat the price and the kids love to play video games while getting their hair done.  In fact, I love her so much she now cuts & colors MY hair! She has over 18 years experience and is a color magician!! Make an appointment with Tara and you will not be disappointed.
5 This place rocks! Yesterday was our first visit to Comb-A-Cabana. Our 3 year old has never been good getting a haircut. In fact, he's been awful. I'm sure you all know what I'm talking about- the "kicking, screaming, you must be trying to kill me with the comb" type. Our anxiety levels rose as we were approaching another dreaded haircut, but their place was just different. It was down to earth and relaxing. They had lots of toys for our son to play with while waiting. When it was his turn, our son refused to go to the chair so Lacy did his haircut right there at the train table. She also avoided the spray bottle since that would upset him more. Even two older kids that were there were really getting into making his experience better and were blowing bubbles to entertain him. The entire experience was just so awesome. I was just so pleased that they were accommodating to his needs and for the first time ever we had a tear free haircut. And FYI, for the little ones that are willing to make it to the chair, they have a large TV with movies playing and a fire truck or car to sit in. They also had regular chairs for the older kids. We will make this our regular hair cutting place for sure!!!
5 My 6 year old boy/girl twins have been going to Tara for at least 3+ years & look forward to getting their hair cut!  For the first couple years we went to another popular franchised "kids" place (similar to this place where kids sit in a race car chair & watch a kiddie video) but with disasterous results.  And it was twice as expensive. The kind you look back on and wince at photos because the hairdresser looks like they used a large bowl to cut their hair.  Not Tara!  She always asks just before she is done how mom likes it (I usually ask for a little more taken off with my sons pointy back nape) and, I get compliments about their haircuts too.  When Tara has time she usually puts sparkle hairspray or a few cute braids or mini ponietails in the front bang area. Bonus!  And all for a very cheap price. Did I mention the free lollipop at the end? What more could you ask for in a kids hair place!  Oh and she cut my hair once when I was in a pinch.  :)  :)
1 I won't be going back.  My son's hair was butchered.  I'm not exaggerating!  Several people commented on how terrible it looked.  I had to go out and buy scissors to fix it.  Since we left the shop with his hair wet it was hard to tell it was so messed up.  I mean different lengths, rat tails, just awful.  My daughter got a trim and that went well.  They barely took anything off and I think it would be impossible to mess that up.  They put a little braid in her hair and that was cute.  This place is probably fine for a trim.  Maybe we just got a bad hair stylist.  I know we didn't get the one that everyone is raving about on here.
5 We have been going to Comb a Cabana for 6 years. We love the place. The boys love playing in the play area. The hair cuts are always wonderful and the help is so friendly. The set up is so cute with video games, movies, and cheer.
4 Nice folks, kids like getting haircuts here.  I usually get mine cut as well since I"m already there.  We're regulars here.
