5 Two great attorneys.  Marcus handled my case for me and without him the insurance company would have done nothing. It was a fight all the way and because he is so persistent and is willing to fight for his clients we win. So Thank You Moss Berg
5 As a local healthcare provider I have to say that it has been an extreme pleasure to work with the Moss Berg Firm.  They have got to be the most honest and ethical attorney's I have seen in my years of practice.  They both have taken a personal approach to my patients, taking time out to answer any questions and guide them through their personal injury experience.  I would have no qualms referring future clients to there firm.
5 My mother in law slipped and fell at a local Wal-Mart . After the doctors visit I had her go see Marcus Berg to see what can be done about her medical bills. Marcus was so knowledgeable and helpful. He always answered her questions when she called and was very patient with her. I appreciate the care and understanding Marcus took with her. If you want personal and professional service from an excellent lawyer it has to be Moss Berg.
5 I came to Marcus Berg when I was in a really dark place after a pretty serious car accident. I felt like I had no hope after months of being screwed around by insurance companies refusing to help me in any way. Marcus assured me from the moment I walked in that I was in good hands - and he wasn't lying. He took care of EVERYTHING. He took over the reigns, set me up with an incredible pain management doctor, and worked hard to sort out all the details while I focused on recovering from my injuries. He constantly assured me that he had my back and had my best interest in mind at all times, which is something I was so appreciative of in an situation where countless insurance companies showed me the exact opposite. I feel like I owe him my life right now for how much he helped me. I can't say enough amazing things about this firm.
5 I was referred to Marcus Berg by my Chiropractor Dr. Cade Smith at Active Body Chiropractic after a freak slip and fall accident at Terrible's Herbst gas station. After calling a previous law firm I was turned down. Realizing that slip and falls were hard to prove, Marcus was always upfront with me about everything, very professional, friendly, easy to talk to and returned all of my telephone calls and emails within a timely manner. He never told me anything I WANTED to hear regarding my case and the outcome but simply said what could or could not happen. He is officially my family's injury attorney should anyone in my family get injured or hurt. Thanks Marcus for everything and thanks for fighting for me! :)
