5 Since I moved to Phoenix, I've found that I tend to avoid the whole Scottsdale "salon" experience, as I prefer my "do" without the "tude." After doing research and checking out Rodney's experience, I decided to give him a try, and scheduled a Brazilian Blow out.  I was very pleasantly surprised with my visit with Rodney in the Jo Paris Salon. When I scheduled my appointment, he was specific and told me that HE ran on time so for me to please run on time. I heard this, and thought...Yeah - right.  In my entire life, I don't think I've had a single hair appointment that started and ended as scheduled.  My appointment was for 3:30, and Rodney took me back AT 3:30.  Color me surprised.  =)  From there, Rodney impressed me with his professionalism and service.  As promised, my Brazilion Blow out took 1.5 hours! I left with beautiful, straight hair!  Wow. I scheduled an appointment to come back for a hair cut.   Rodney's great service is a motivator for me to come to Scottsdale to get my hair done.  I'd highly recommend that if you are looking for someone for your hair, I'd look no farther!
5 I have been going to Rodney for a few years, I moved to Denver a year and a half ago, but I still only let Rodney cut my hair. He is simply the best u can find anywhere. Tell him to do what ever he thinks is best, and u will never regret it.
5 Rodney is wonderfully creative with cut, style and color! I have been lightening my hair over this past year.  The problem was, my other hairstylist was over processing my hair over time; therefore, I had unbelievable breakage! During my consultation, Rodney spent the time to share with me the importance of application of color. products and tools.  He told me he was not going to touch my hair for at least 4 weeks, until it had enough growth from the root. To start, he highly suggested a particular shampoo, conditioner and mask.  I took his advice and boy what a difference it made from the first wash! I used the products every other day for 4 weeks. I had my hair appointment yesterday and WOW... he completely changed my dried out, over processed hair into healthy hair! I am so pleased and happy I went to Rodney and followed all of his advice! :)  Jennifer Barker Reichman Paradise Valley, AZ
5 I highly recommend trusting your locks to Rodney's care! I came to him after several salons over processed and bleached my hair to the point of breakage. The problem was that I always was forced to choose between white bleached hair or borderline orange... Rodney fixed all that, gave me a beautiful cut and color, and brought my hair back to life. With him you will get consistently beautiful results, not to mention amazing service, every time!
5 I had been going to the same stylist for 7 years.  During that time my hair became over bleached, fragile, and just a hot mess.  Rodney took so much time to help me figure out what was best for my hair.  I never felt rushed and I appreciated his honesty.  It was a wonderful experience.  Rodney is a genius when it comes to color.  I absolutely love my color and cut.  I received so many compliments today and it made me feel so good.  Thank you Rodney!  You have a client for life!!!
5 I must say.. I am very picky when it comes to getting my hair done. Rodney exceeded my expectations! I absolutely LOVE my hair!! I am a brunette and I have always had a hard time finding a stylist that could color my hair (highlights). Rodney takes the time with you and knows what is right for you. I couldn't be happier. it was so refreshing to go to someone who knows what they are doing and takes charge. my hair looks natural and feels healthy. Worth every penny!!!!
5 I have been going to Rodney for over a year and my hair has never looked as good as it does now.  The color is terrific and the cut easy for me to handle even when it has grown out and needs refreshing.  He is always respectful of my time and is ready for me when I arrive.  I get his undivided attention while I sit in his chair and he is always friendly and personable.  I highly recommend him for both color and cut.
