4 Solid help with a no gimmicks approach. The DR. was completely helpful with his explanation of what they offer for the right now and the future. Everything he was in the process of doing was explained as well to help ease the process. The office was perfectly clean and professional with calming music playing in the background but not too long. I haven't felt this good in years but thankfully I can now fall to sleep with ease. Great joint and it's defiantly worth giving a try. Snap crackle and pop your way in when you get some free time.
5 Dr. Lee is super nice and did a great job.
5 Dr. Joe is, by far, the best chiro I've had and I've had a lot. No nonsense approach and the price is definitely right. 4 adjustments for $49 a month! I used to pay $49 a visit and wasn't half as happy. Couldn't live without The Joint.  One of the best parts of the whole experience is that there is no need to make an appointment. I show up whenever I need to/ can fit it in my schedule and I've never waited more than 5 minutes... Usually I walk right back.
5 My back took a beating after a recent vacation... maybe someday I will learn to pack lighter.... probably not.  Anyways, I came in here knowing that I just needed a little adjusting and the price was waaaaay cheaper than my copay for a chiropractic visit at my family doctor's practice.  I was seen quickly and efficiently. They don't do the amaaaazing muscle stimulator that my regular chiro does, which always sends me into a fantastic nap, but by not doing so is also how they keep the price low, so I don't mind. Both the doctor and the front desk clerk were pleasant and helpful.  There was an issue with the computer crashing and it turns out that it charged my card twice, but I came in when I noticed it and the second charge was refunded promptly on the next business day.  The guy at the front was very apologetic... not his fault, computers...can't live with them..can't live without them.  I will definitely back next year after my vacation again, even paying the single visit for a non-member, non-first time guest is way cheaper than my chiro co-pay, so it is worth it for me!  (I hope I don't get to the point where I really need the benefit of their membership, but if I do, it is a phenomenal deal!)
2 Not impressed.  After having a fabulous experiences at the location in arcadia I was extremely disappointed in this location. The chiropractor was more interested in flexing and looking cool then the job at hand.  A few weeks later I needed copies of my receipts for my insurance and emailwd the two offices, again Arcadia came through in less than hour... this office never bothered to return my email or calls so I was forced to go in to the office to get what I needed. Same company, two totally different experiences. Clearly I will be taking my business to the one that deserves it.
5 I have great experience with the joint. Dr. Joe, Dr. Lee and Dr. Sasser are professionals. So far I have no complaints and is satisfied with the service.
4 I have back and hip issues, my insurance co-pay was very high and limited to 20 adjustments a year.  The Joint was a great option for me!  I am seen more than once a week and still the amount I pay is less than one adjustment with insurance!  The Dr. s who oversee my care are knowledgeable, kind, and caring.  I highly recommend The Joint to my family and friends!
