3 Came here on a whim, after getting a great deal on Groupon. Employees are more than friendly, they have great meal deals and are located right next to the movie theaters. Prices aren't too bad, if I hadn't had the Groupon deal, subs were nice and fresh, I just wish it was piled higher and they had more of a variety of  veggies to put on their subs (example: I had to ask my hubby if his sub even had tuna in it, because they put so much lettuce on it, you couldn't even see the tuna).   Overall the taste was good.   A step up from Subway, but can't compare to Firehouse Subs.
2 What a joke. I thought Subway was stingy with their meats until I came here. Sandwich wasn't bad, but there was practically no meat or toppings on it.  I've heard the bbq sandwich is a lot better than the Italian, which I got.
1 Came in at 2:45 on a Saturday afternoon. 3 people working. Not one other customer in the store. Every single table and the whole floor were disgusting. Made me a little scared to venture into the restroom.   Processed rubbery meat....yuck!!   Go to port of subs where they the meat fresh or firehouse which is just yummy all the around!!!!
4 I was here one time before I bought a Groupon for this place. The Italian Herb bread is so good. I always get the vegetarian sandwich, so I'm not sure, or care, about the meat portions. Every time I go, there is friendly service and the food is good. They have a great lunch deal too!
1 You know you're going to have a sad sub when you see 2 microwaves behind the counter but I wanted to give these guys the benefit of the doubt. Wrong move.  Worse soggy sub I've ever eaten and I've eaten lots of subs. Tables and floors were dirty and I was the only one here. There were 3 teenage girls working and they can care less about customer service.  They represent how the owner conducts business and I predict they won't be here too much longer.
2 Ok. Relatively cheap for sandwich.  My sandwich was filing but tasteless.  Not sure what they use for oil and vinegar but it had no taste.  Even the meat was bland.  Weird.
1 I just walked out after waiting upfront for 5 minutes with no one coming upfront to serve me. The girls were giggling in the back and even walked towards the soda machine to try and get in their line if site. There are plenty of other places to eat if you don't want my business.
