5 Finally!  The nail salon of my dreams!  This salon is top notch; gorgeous, clean and comfortable.  I had a gel manicure and pedi and was not disappointed.  Clean is almost an understatement.  I have never been to a cleaner salon, ever!  I love that they use liners on their pedi chairs and I never have to worry that the bowl has been cleaned properly.  In the past, I would try not to touch the bowl with my feet for fear of catching something but I do not have to worry here.  The nail technicians are also top notch.  Very detailed with their work, not a rush job to get you in and out. My daughter even commented on how it smelled so nice in there and she didn't smell any overwhelming chemicals.  I am so happy that this salon has opened and will not go anywhere else. Clean, comfortable, friendly.... I'm a customer for life!
5 Love, love this new place. These women know their stuff! You will not be disappointed! Very very clean, great nail colors, nice people!
5 I recently found L'Posh when we moved into our new home nearby.  This is a great nail salon and far better than anything in the area.  The salon is very clean and all the technicians are great!  I have gel nails and Lola does a fantastic job on my gel.  I was very pleased to see that they use liners for each pedicure.  I would highly recommend L'Posh!!
5 After having a bad experiance at the nail salon I had been going to, I decided to try L'Posh because it was close to me, and had good reviews.  I'm glad I did.  I got the gel polish and my technician did a great job!  The polish goes right up to my cuticle which I love!  (Some technicians don't do that and it looks like they're grown out immediately after getting them done.)  I tried the gel polish with glitter and love it!  L'posh is definitly going to be the place I go to from now on!
5 Felisha is my tech, I've been seeing her for about 18 months and followed her from another salon to L'posh.  I recently moved 50 miles away, tried a few places, and decided under no circumstances will I use another tech.  I make the 50 mile drive every 3 weeks to see Felisha.  She's incredibly talented and meticulous.  If you want perfect nails-no ridges, no high spots, no bubbles, and nails that are thin and amazing...go to Felisha!  All the techs are amazing!!
5 This salon is as great as they reviews say! It was very clean and they have a ton of nail polish- both regular and gel. My design looks amazing too! I would recommend this salon for sure. The only negative thing I can say is they don't have appointments available all the time. The person I came to see was recommended to me and I had to make an appointment a week and a half in advance. The good news is she was worth the wait!
5 I LOVE this place! After continuously complimenting a gals nails I would see weekly at a doctor's appointment, she gave me the name of this place. I live in Chandler and have driven and will continue to drive the distance to go to this place. The place is so cutely decorated, the staff are so friendly and happy. My gel manicure always looks amazing and lasts a long time! I have had three different nail techs, none of which I felt have rushed the job and taken the time to make my nails look good, unlike other salons where they are in a rush to finish because someone else is waiting. I highly recommend this place! The experience is worth every penny! I have always left satisfied.
5 Since moving here 4 months ago, I have been on the hunt for "my" nail salon. I've been to about 5 different places, not satisfied enough with any of them to return. I will go back to L'Posh!! I had a pedi, gel mani, and eyebrow wax. With a couple nail designs and callus remover, it totaled $80. A regular pedi and gel mani without the designs would have been $25 each. Kim did a great job on my nails and on my heels! The salon was super clean, they put plastic liners inside the tubs, and they have an extensive selection of polishes- gel and regular! The massage chairs also work great.
5 First time here and was pleasantly surprised at what a little gem this nail salon is, plus it's close to home.  It's a very clean and sanitary salon, the entire staff was friendly and accommodating especially considering I called when they opened for an appointment on Mother's Day.  Chloe did my pedicure and did an awesome job, was super friendly and professional.  Paid full price and it was worth it! Great, relaxing experience.
5 I love this place! Super clean and very friendly! The salon is cute and not overdone in decor. Dena is my gal although I've had great experiences with all of them.
5 LOVE! After moving to Arizona 8 months ago and trying multiple nail salons, I have finally found "THE ONE"! They use inserts in the pedicure tubs, and replace after every customer! They even have sparkles on the ceiling!
1 Not happy with this place ... I signed my husband and self in the lady asked me if we had am appointment I said no is that a problem she said no. So we sat then we decided we would go next door to have a drink since there were three others waiting I walk out to the car husband ask how long tell you can get us in she said at 5 that was two hours later he came out and told me. I said did she mean in 5 mins he said he had a hard time understanding her .so I went in and ask she told me 5:00 . I said so you were just gonna let us sit here for two hours she just shrugged her shoulders. So we left
5 I've tried other salons and haven't had much luck! I booked an appointment with Cloe and will NEVER go anywhere else. My best friend routinely sees Felisha and has a great experience every time!  I love this place. The products used are above and beyond other salons!
