5 Carmelita is by far the Best!!!!
1 I went to this location about July 1st hoping to get a relaxing massage,boy was I disappointed. What I received was bruising that was up and down my whole back and neck. The Bruising could be seen for 4 days, although I had asked the masseuse to ease up ,it was an uncomfortable hour. the next day my back felt sore and after looking in a mirror ,I could see a lot of bruising. called Brian the manager wanting my money back and he wanted to give me a gift certificate for another massage. I will not be going back and did not want a gift card for another visit. They have not returned my call to return my money,I don't believe they should be paid for a poor massage. they tell you they will get back to you and they don't,this has been going on for a month.The other manager that did not help me was Joni T. Massage Envy Spa at Lake Mead CrossingMassage
2 We got massages for the first time a few months ago from massage envy. After a very convincing speech, we decided to become members. I asked how tough it was to "opt" out of membership, because I was pregnant at the time, and didn't know how much longer I would be working.... I was starting to have some massive pain, and my job did not allow me to sit during my shift.  The tall man with light hair and tattoos said that we would have to move away for there not to be a ME within 50 miles of our new address for it to be "officially" cancelled.  Seriously, fifty freaking miles..... who is going to drive that far to get a massage? I explained to him the dilemma, and he assured me that we would be "worked" with if we ever never to cancel. Sounded OK to me.  The best massage that I ever got was from Albert. I had him the first time, some other girl the second time, and Albert for the final third time. Make sure if you can, make an appointment with ALBERT.  Time came, and I was not working any more. We went in to see about cancelling, and they told us that we couldn't. That we could only freeze the account for a short time. Uh, well that wasn't going to work.  I ended up sending a Facebook message to ME, and a woman contacted me, I believe the next day. She was pretty sassy, I could have done without her obnoxious attitude. She told me that my husband and I had signed a contract, and then told me that it was like signing a contract for a cell phone, that we were locked in. I remained calm, and told her that was not the way her employee made us to believe it was.   She then got even sassier with me, and said that there is cameras and audio recorders in the studio, and that she was going to roll back the tapes to see if what I was saying was truthful.   GO RIGHT AHEAD.  So, long story short, we were allowed to "re-enroll" as 3 month members.   Wonder how that "audio" sounded to her....I suppose that re-enrollment speaks for itself.   In my opinion, it's a Bait and switch, this company. Exactly what the stars say, "Meh. I've experienced better".
1 This location is the absolute worst in customer service. The manager is never around, and they do NOTHING to correct their wrong doings. I scheduled an appointment on a Friday evening for Saturday at 11am, I arrived only to find out the girl who had booked my appointment made it for Sunday instead of Saturday. I live 35 min away from this location and nothing was done to compensate me for my time. The owner marissa clearly needs a lesson in business. They blamed it on not being able to hear on their phones, when I clearly confirmed my appointment time with the girl who made it TWICE before getting off the phone! This place is a complete joke, this isn't the first time I've had a problem with this location! I will never be back and would not recommend it to ANYONE! I will be making a compliant with corporate!
5 So many bad reviews. I've been going to this location since it open and have always been satisfied. I found a therapist that knows my body and works that parts that need it. They have always been nice and helpful. I usually go on Saturday or Sunday morning and I've always had good luck.
