5 My wife and I and another couple visited this place this past Tuesday and it was awesome. Not only was shooting the machine guns great but the staff was unbelievably nice and accommodating. Highly recommend visiting and try to shoot down the target return string like I did with the M249 SAW ;)
2 when you drive up its like driving into a military base. theres helicopters, trucks, mounted machine guns, and sandbags all over the place. definitely an excited feeling. but when you walk in theres clothes and merchandise you can buy. i didnt see the actual counter until i walked towards the back. didnt seem like they were selling guns though, only rentals. the range seemed well hidden and you couldnt see much. it felt like i was in a half liquidated office space. they did have some nice rifles, even a dragunov. the guy at the counter was informative and nice. if they had a cool range or other stuff, i couldnt see it. i asked if i could go take a look and he said he would have to have someone walk me over. i didnt want to wait nor bother them so i left. if i wasnt an avid shooter or owned my own guns im sure this place would be great.
5 We had a blast at Battlefield Vegas. We went with a group of 4 and took advantage of a Groupon deal they've been offering which allows you to fire off two guns for the price of one, or something like that. The staff was super friendly. Most of us were gun rookies but our instructor took the time to make sure we knew what we were doing. Definitely felt safe the whole time out on the range. Would recommend for anybody who's ever wanted to see what it's like to shoot off a fully automatic machine gun. And the great thing is if you are a novice you won't feel like you're in danger or don't know what you're doing. Worth checking out.
5 AWESOME! We had so much fun and could easily have spent all of our time and money and still not have come anywhere close to shooting every weapon they have available. We had the pleasure of having Doug as our range specialist.  Doug is very well informed, nice and will help you with safety and picking out the weapons that you will have the most fun shooting.  We were completly unsure of what we wanted to shoot when we walked into Battlefield.  Doug asked us questions about different aspects of weapons and we were soon able to determin what we wanted to shoot.  We highly recommend Doug if you go into shoot.     The other staff that we interacted with seemed pleasant as well.  We really enjoyed our experience and will definately return.
5 I must say I was impressed. I don't give reviews but the staff was so professional friendly and welcoming that they deserve a great recommendation. My first time shooting and I felt like it was a common thing for me. My 11 year old daughter enjoyed shooting in full auto. I'll return as soon as I can.
5 My friend and I had such a great time. Livio are instructor couldn't have been nicer. Plus Shannon was very helpful and kind. If it wasn't for Shannon's extreme kindness I don't think I would have been able to set out of my comfort shell and try something so thrilling. Thank you!
5 This is the place to go in Vegas. Nick was our range officer and he was totally cool and helpful at the lanes. I would definitely recommend, especially for first timers who have never fired a firearm before.
5 This was just one of the activities my party planned for our Bachelor Party matters and it was definitely on top of the list outside of the unmentionables.   We rented a party house off the strip and were picked up in large military painted truck. The truck was badass, but every time it caught some air we all thought it might be the end, like final destination style, due to having no seat belts.   I didn't do any shooting, but I got to sit in and watch all the fellas take on the challenge. Some guys had stellar capabilities, other guys did not, the bachelor being one of the worse. It was very legit. The instructors were thorough with our safety and comprehensive with teaching us about the guns we used and much more.   Secret tip: one of the employees said they have a package called shooting after dark where they bring strippers in bikinis in to shoot with you. If that's your type of thing, go for it.
5 I had a great time.  The staff were friendly and Facility was nice.
5 This place is Great! We really had a good time looking at the guns we could pick to shoot. They have a huge selection. I had so much fun shooting I want to go back and do it again! If your in Vegas and like to shoot guns this is the place to go!!!
5 This was fun! The people there were really helpful. From helping me pick out a gun, to showing me how to hold it, and giving me tips on shooting, I was really pleased. The facility was clean, they had lots of selection, and the price was good. I would definitely recommend this place to anybody visiting Vegas.
5 Had friends in from New York and shooting guns was on their list of things to do. I had driven by this place in the past and was curious to see what it was all about. We were all extremely pleased that we choose this place. Excellent customer service, great selection, and the range officers helped us feel like experts! I will be sure to bring all my friends and family that visit Vegas to Battlefield Vegas!
5 One of my sons happiest moments of his life. This place and the people are amazing. Don't miss going here! By far the best on Las Vegas.
5 I truly wish I could give Battlefield Vegas more than 5 stars. On a weekend that we were in Vegas, we decided to stop by and found that they had a huuuge selection of guns. My fiance had the time of his life and shot the following:   - MG 42 - M1919 Browning - MP 40 - STG 44 - Thompson M1A1 - AK-47 - Colt 1911 - PPSH-41  Average of $40 per gun, maybe even $45 to $50 for the bigger guns. I can't remember exactly how many rounds were fired with each gun, but I wanna say 20 to 25. Most of the guns that we chose were WWII guns, but they had so much more available. It was quite amazing to see these guns because they were actually used during the war. Some of the German guns even had Nazi insignia on them! crazy, eh?   What I loved most about Battlefield Vegas was their customer service. For the most part, we spent our time with Doug, who even took us to the back to look at other guns they were working on, after my fiancé told him that he had an interest in WWII/WWII guns. Never had a better customer service experience than that!  I'm sorry to say that I can't remember all the names of the other guys that helped us. Doug did such an awesome job, and left giant shoes to fill. =) We have recommended several friends to stop by at Battlefield if they are ever in Vegas. We will certainly make sure to do the same when we are in the neighborhood again.  I must say, however, that the girls working at the front desk made it a little stressful and confusing in the beginning. It was smooth sailing after that, though. Oh! They have a great area for t-shirts and other souvenirs, too. Pretty sure I saw a waiting room with leather couches and TVs, but it's really much better to watch the action in the range.   That 2-day trip we took to Vegas involved a Stratosphere jump, a $1000+ blackjack win, and a trip to the Grand Canyon. Our time at Battlefield was, without question, the cherry on top.
5 Great great people working here; the place is amazing and everything was perfect.  Greetings from Spain!
5 Great experience. Large selection of weapons. Staff is very organized and professional. No wait time even though we arrived mod day on Friday. Highly recommend if this is something you want to try.
5 Here in California we have some pretty strict rules about fully automatic guns, so when my dad was organizing a vegas trip for him, my brother, and me I knew I had to shoot something fully auto.  I looked around at some of the other places offering full auto guns and this place stuck out.  5 stars on yelp and a tremendous selection of guns.      I mean tremendous, just hundreds of guns to choose from, I mean it was insane, in a good way.  They had all sorts of stuff, from handguns to sniper rifles to submachine guns, to assault rifles, to crew served machine guns.  An outstanding selection at very reasonable rates.  It costs 100 dollars for 40 rounds of any belt fed machine gun, which is reasonable, since you're paying to shoot the gun, not just for the ammo.  It's about 40-50 dollars for 25 rounds on most of the other guns there, you get more ammo with handguns though.      Little things here and there, you can take the brass if you want it, you can tell all your friends, oh this shell casing is from that time i shot a gun from WWII, or what have you.   You can take unlimited pictures and video. They give you a new target sheet for every gun you shoot.  Eye and ear protection is provided, though I would bring ear plugs along next time (they have over the ear stuff which makes it hard to aim and get good grouping).  They have no problem with people completely unloading in a massive burst of fully auto fire, (it's your money after all).  In fact the whole range quiets down sometimes as the sound of fully auto really overpowers the single shots people take with rifles and handguns.   A lot of this is pretty standard for the ranges all over town, most of them are at the same pricepoint, too.      Before the entrance to the range, theres an area where they hand the guns to you where you can see the employees loading magazines and putting belts together, its really organized.  The range itself is nothing special, it looks like any indoor gun range.  It's loud (well, duh) and smells heavily of sulfur (thats from the primer in the cartridges, most of it is military surplus ammo which uses different primer).      Come here for the selection because it is unparalleled; if you come, go for the throat.  Shoot the fully auto stuff because chances are you won't get many opportunities to.  Definitely pose with the guns, so you can strike fear into the hearts of your foes.
5 We went to Battlefield Vegas with a bachelor party and couldn't have had a better experience. From getting picked up in a military jeep, to getting a package deal on a couple different guns, this range is awesome. The prices are great, and the staff is even better. Nick and Carlos were our instructors and were extremely helpful and friendly. They took videos and pics for us and even showed us the full arsenal out back. This experience far exceeded our expectations and I will definitely visit again on my next Vegas trip.
5 From a novice perspective they did a great job. We were assigned John as our range instructor. He was careful to explain in detail how to operate each weapon and did an excellent job making sure we were safely firing our weapons.   Great for tourists but not a tourist trap.   Will say the this is an excellent idea overall as opposed to the regular pool party experience (which we had). Made for a little variety and a lot of excitement.   Fairly priced. Huge selection. Recommended with 5 stars.
5 The hubs & I had an excellent experience here. Having never shot a gun before, Livio--our range safety officer--guided me through the process with ease & patience. I thought guns weren't for me, but I'd go back without hesitation. And the hubs, he was a kid in a candy store; I think he might've even giggled with glee. See if you can ask for Livio--he was great.
5 Awesome service and experience. Plus getting a ride in a humvee to and from the range is awesome!
5 Absolutely awesome experience!! We picked a package of 4 guns and had a blast. John was an excellent instructor and made sure we were comfortable. Not just for guys either, I'm a chick!
4 Stopped by with a couple of buddies after running the Rock n Roll Half Marathon. Thoroughly enjoyed our experience! The Black Ops Package allowed us to shoot an AK-47, Uzi, MP5-K, Colt 9mm version of an AR-15(?), I think. Could shoot them on full auto or semi (to prolong the shooting experience). Great selection, even got a ride back to our hotel in a Hummer (a real one, not a luxury one!). Very friendly and helpful staff. Lots of fun and would do it again!
5 Good selection of guns. Alot of belt fed machine guns and full auto rifles and submachine guns. Very nice range officers. Booboo helped me and my 2 brothers out (one who is autistic), and he was very patient and understandi g of my brother's condition.   Instead of treating the customers like babies (The Gun Store), the instructors here treat their custo ers like people and are easy to talk to and actually enjoy conversations with the people whom they are teaching.  Definitely comong back here the next time I am in Las Vegas.
5 Had an absolute blast!  A great experience from start to finish.  Love the complimentary shuttle service.  And when said shuttles are freaking Humvees, roaring down the streets, you know you're in for an unforgettable experience.  The safety officers are all military veterans, all of them professional, all excellent.  Doug, my officer, was very patient and understanding with a "gun newbie" like me.  The authentic surplus military vehicles on display on the premises were an added treat.  The next time I'm in Vegas, I'm definitely coming back.
5 I got to shoot a 50 Cal !   Did you hear me ?   No ?   Of course you can't hear me because I just shot a 50 Cal !   (Everyone else stopped shooting and watched me.)  Seriously though I had an awesome amazing experience and had a great instructor.  I'm not a gun owner, but getting to shoot those guns in the SWAT package was AWESOME !   Cue music:  nanananananana  (On side note - I'd skip shooting a shot gun if I've never done it before, and I was you ... shoulder was a bit sore even with instructor bracing me, and I'm not a little dude.)
5 Looking to shoot some guns close to the strip? This is the place to go.   The selection is massive and the staff are really cool and helpful, the fact its only 2 minutes for the strip is very convenient.   Pricing is a little steep however the experience and service were excellent.
4 Loved it! Jeffrey was awesome and provided great helpful tips. Rest of the staff was great too. Neat complex just off the strip.
5 First time shooting a gun! Experience was amazing! They were very professional, very  good instructions and high security. Felt like I was in good hands for a first time shooter. They also gave us a ride to our car in a military hummer!
5 FIRST yelp review ever cuz this place deserves it! Battlefield was probably the highlight of our weekend trip to Vegas. This was my BF & I's first time to shoot some guns & the entire staff was so helpful & friendly! We left super satisfied. I thought the prices were reasonable. We had LIVIO as our safety officer & my goodness was he Amazing!!! He was soooo nice! I was scared for my lifeeee cuz I never touched a real gun before so I was pretty nervous. But Livio was so patient with us, he gave clear instructions & he let us take as much photos as we wanted! He guided us through our whole experience with ease! We had such an awesome time at Battlefield!! We'd definitely come back! It was worth it! If you ever decide to go ask for Officer Livio!
4 Great time, but be prepared to wait.  The staff was fabulous, and the selection of firearms was excellent.  I'd give this a solid 5-stars except: - Our group of eight had to wait 1-1/2hrs after signing up to get our turn in the range, and there was no option to make a reservation ahead of time. - Emailing Matt (Operations Manager) ahead of time, he said "Everything is outdoors.", but it's exactly the opposite -- everything is indoors.  Apart from those two issues, it was a fantastic time, and the staff all did a wonderful job.  I'd highly recommend this to beginners and experienced shooters alike.
5 You, yelpers, is probably having a hard time deciding which fire range to go to right? I had the same problem since most of them have similar prices, excellent reviews and all of them are close by as well.  I compared American shooters, Gun Garage, Gun Store, Machine Guns and Battlefield. I called all of them and got the basic informations I needed as a beginner. American Shooters is probably great for beginners who is very serious about learning how to shoot since their beginner package is 4 hour long. I don't think I would be able to stand a 4 hour long class. The cost I think is round $100ish for the most basic package if you don't have anything. Gun Garage, Gun Store, and Machine Guns all sounded pretty good too since some of them give free T-shirt or Photo or online deals. The cost is about $90-100ish for the most basic package. I decided to go with Battlefield because their package included more ammos which I thought was more important. I didn't need a tshirt, and I could take unlimited pictures myself.  The package is about $100ish as well for 3 guns. They also have a $35 one gun deal.  Certain packages allows you to add another shooter for only $20.  After I got there, I knew I made the right decision. They had badass tanks, army trucks, and chopper, in their private parking area. Hell yah I'm gonna take tons of pictures which made my shooting experience so much more fun!  I had a blast at the battlefield. My range safety officer Livio was really patient and encouraging.  The front desk staff was really nice and patient too even though I took a long time trying to decide which package to go for.   After I came back from the trip I showed my pictures to my friends. They couldn't believe that the pictures were taken in Vegas. I know, I probably look like I just came back from the Soviet Union during WWII era. lol
5 Let me start off by saying WOW! Everything you've read about this place on Yelp is true. It is an adrenaline rush like no other. The whole experience is a must for anyone looking for that unique Vegas adventure. It all starts with the pick up and drive in a real military Hummer. As you roll down the Las Vegas strip your anticipation builds and upon arrival the compound is full of military gear, vehicles, helicopters and more. The staff is incredibly friendly and nowhere near as douchey as the competition in the area. So let's talk guns...holy smokes! They have the biggest selection of weapons in Vegas that's for sure and many packages to choose. I picked the Modern Warfare pack and let me tell you, I wanted more. You can add anything after your done so don't worry. Staff is super friendly, helpful and very experienced. Never rushed and they even let you load and handle the guns properly. Big thanks to Steve. That man knows his guns. I could go on forever but take my word...JUST GO. SHOOT!!! An adventure worthy of any bucket list. Trust me. I've tried other ones and this has now become my favorite spot. I will be back.
5 What do you give hubby for his birthday when he wants to go to Las Vegas but he doesn't want to blow all his cash gambling? You let him shoot firearms that he wouldn't be able to have back home! We were picked up by 2 men in camo gear in a huge Humvee! Pretty cool! When we arrived, there were people taking pics in another Humvee with what looked like a .50 caliber M2 heavy machine gun on it's roof! Of course hubby had to take a pic! Our driver waited patiently for us to finish before he took us inside to give us further instructions. We went inside and up to the cashier to pay for hubby's package. I was surprised at the huge selection of firearms he had to choose from. He picked the Iwo Jima package and we waited to be called to the range in the back. We perused the many souvenirs to choose from and it wasn't long before we were called.   Our guide looked young but was very knowledgeable and friendly. He was very firm about the rules before we entered the firing range but we had been to firing ranges before and had no problem following directions when it came to safety.   The first gun used was a Springfield 1911. Hubby had not problem handling, loading and firing as evident by the holes in the the targets abdominal area. Bullets flew from the gun and littered the floor only to be swept up to prevent accidental slips. Next came the M2 Carbine. That's when the hits started to fan out, just a little from the center. Hubby held his own with this semi-automatic. It was cute seeing his big grin after shooting that gun.  There was a moment where everyone had to cease fire so a guide could fix a stuck line that held his shooter's target. Everyone put their firearms down and stood against the wall until it was clear to resume shooting. They were not messing around with safety and I appreciated that. It gave hubby some time to ask firearm questions. Last but not least was the Thompson. This was the gun hubby was looking forward to shooting. Fully automatic, it wasn't long before he ran out of ammo, but that kept his adrenaline going for the rest of the day. When we left the firing area, we were able to remove our protective gear and look at other selections.  The staff here were very helpful, knowledgable and friendly. I would recommend this place for anyone interested in learning how to properly handle any firearem!
5 So it was my birthday and well I was in Vegas... so you know I'm going to go practice shooting zombies! This was my first time ever even holding a weapon so I was really unsure of what to expect and a tad nervous from all those youtube videos I watched of girls shooting guns and hitting themselves in the face.   The second we parked our car this place was awesome with its old military vehicles/copters! Furthermore, everyone from start to finish was really friendly and knowledgeable. We didn't mind waiting all of 15 minutes (you restless wild things need to chill the F out with your impatience) and were able to shop all the cool gun trinkets and hangout in their VIP waiting rooms in the plush chairs while we waited. Our range safety officer Livio was THE SHIT and didn't give me a gay lil pink gun, which he knows I'm very appreciative of. And considering this was my first time ever firing a weapon, I was especially excited to basically kill the shit out of my target. Feel free to admire the pic of my target (right most) :]  And I'm sure Livio deserves some credit...for... you know... teaching me how to shoot...and I mean yeah ok, I hand it to you, "you da man"...BUT DAMN IM A FUCKING BADASS jk..sorta (but kinda not really).    Battlefield is my new Vegas "must" and it should be yours too!
5 Thanks John!    It was my first time shooting guns and it was awesome!  They actually pick you up and drop you off from your hotel so thats a +.   i'll be honest with you though.... being in a room full of strangers with guns..... i was kinda nervous but the people helping you out were in the military before so.. yeah i felt safe but still.. with all the crazy shit that's been happening these days...   butttttttttttt after i saw how well i did you bitches got nothing on me!! i'm so ready for a zombie apocalypse!!!!!!!!!!!
5 I can't rave enough about Battlefield Vegas! When in Vegas, this place is a MUST. They pick you up and drop you off for free (In a Humvee!) we had one guy who picked us up at our hotel, and another who dropped us off, and they were both so friendly. The girls at the counter knew what they were talking about, and were so helpful. Being the first time I've ever shot a gun, I had no idea what to choose, and they gave suggestions and they were right. My husband and I had a blast! Our "instructor" was friendly and professional.You are allowed to walk around outside and go in and climb on the army vehicles.. Helicopter, tank, trucks, etc.     Without a doubt the next time we are in Vegas we will return, and we already told all of our friends who are planning to visit that this place is a must.   Hands down my favorite thing we did during our Vegas vacation.
5 This was going to be my big splurge this time in Vegas... not a show, not a big dinner, but the Black Ops package at Battlefield Vegas. I picked Battlefield Vegas over some of the other gun ranges in Las Vegas due to their favorable reviews on Yelp, and they were absolutely right on in their assessment.   Firstly, you can reserve your desired package online--and you can add other firearms "a la carte" to any package. I picked rifles and handguns that I'd either "used" in video games or in the airsoft world: a Colt 1911, an MP5, an Uzi, an M4, an AK47, and the Tavor.  You call to schedule a time, and a camo Humvee comes to pick you up. The driver was exceptionally polite and friendly, as was everyone at the facility--which makes sense since they're all ex-military. They give you some basic training, give you ear and eye protection, then take you into the range.   These things are LOUD. I've only ever shot .22 rifles at Scout camp, so it was pretty eye (and ear) opening. When we went in I asked "what is that gun that's so loud?" My assigned range officer said "That's the M4 that you'll be shooting soon." Wow.  They'll take pictures or videos of you shooting; you get to switch from semi-auto to full auto; and you get to keep your target.   Is there a down side? Well, it's not cheap. Most guns are $50 or so to fire 25 rounds, and on full-auto that can go pretty fast. So, it's not cheap... but it's Las Vegas!  What IS cheap in Las Vegas? You can blow $200 in the casino in no time, or at a restaurant pretty easily. For that same amount, I got a bunch of pictures and an awesome experience.  HIghly, highly recommended. Great business. I wish them every success!
5 Fiancee surprised me for my birthday and we flew into Vegas and went to Battlefield. After going, I have to say this is by far my favorite thing to do in Vegas.  Nick was my instructor and he was extremely professional and safe throughout the entire duration. Would definitely go again.  The whole thing is really intense. If you have a fear of guns, it's probably not a good idea to go here, but if you've always wanted to shoot a military grade weapons, this is your place to go.  Also the range is indoors, and air conditioned, which is a plus depending on what time of year you are going.
5 Fantastic birthday surprise and outstanding experience from pick up to drop off. The hummer pick up was prompt and a fun way to start...Steve (our instructor) was funny, patient, and professional...the Special Forces package had every weapon I had ever fantasied about shooting and even the wife enjoyed hitting the bullseye with an MP5. I've never been to the other shooting ranges in town...but I can't see the experience being any better than Battlefield Vegas...awesome selection of weapons...GREAT people...left with HUGE grin and one torn up target.
5 Had a great time at this place today with my son and niece. Highly recommend if you're looking to do something different from gambling or shopping!!!!  They have a HUGE selection of weapons and provide 1-on-1 instruction before you proceed to fire!!!! Will be going again.
5 Battlefield Vegas is a top notch establishment. The staff is both knowledgeable and friendly, which I believe gives them a distinct advantage in the Las Vegas tourist market. This range is an excellent example of what a responsible sport shooting establishment should be.  The chosen firearms during my visit were the M4 and Type 56 AK pattern rifle, both of which were of very good quality. I got every penny's worth of enjoyment when I shot these unique pieces of military hardware. Brooke was my assigned Range Safety Officer and his professionalism was beyond reproach. He took the time to explain the differences between both rifles, how to operate them in a safe manner, and tips about proper form and manipulation. People like Brooke define the quality that Battlefield Vegas is known for.  The parking lot features several military vehicles that visitors can explore and take pictures with. The staff will even pick you up from your hotel free of charge in a bona fide HMMWV. Given my experience, it's safe to say that all of my future trips to Las Vegas will include some range time at Battlefield Vegas.
5 Wow.  Just WOW.  We were the first in line on a Sunday morning because we couldn't WAIT to shoot automatic weapons on the day of the lord.  Our range guy was Saylor and he was brilliantly professional and informative.  There were four in our group and he explained everything to each of us without making three of us feel like the bleeding heart gun control liberals that we are.  I bought the Seal Team Six package because I had fantasies of shooting Somali pirates and bin Laden playing on the DVD inside my head.  The package included:  SIG P-226: 20 rounds MP5 SD: 25 rounds M4 CQBR: 25 rounds M-249 SAW: 40 rounds  What a freaking RUSH.  One member of our group was celebrating his birthday, so they gave him a grenade launcher to shoot as a freebie.  Way cool of them and it makes A VERY LARGE NOISE.  Next to gambling in Vegas, shooting heavy artillery is now my favorite attraction.  It's pricey, but wonderfully wicked fun for those of us who live in states that ban most of these weapons.  Ask for Saylor - he'll take great care of you.
5 This is the real deal people.  Hands down !!  Come here and be blowin away by everything. Haha no pun.   Tanks in the parking lots, helicopter, bombs, humvees. Guns,guns,guns.  Oh did  I say guns.   ( whispers- They have really cool GUNS!!! Booyahhhh) oh don't forget to pick up your jaw.   " You want big time.  I'll give you big time.  Here comes the pain!! "  ok yelps what movie now???  (It's  a gangster movie)
5 My first time in Vegas. I've never shot a gun.  It was awesome !  The employees are friendly and very competent.  I'll definitely come back the next time.
5 If you are looking for something to do while you are in Vegas, I would highly recommend coming here and shooting some guns!  They have ALL sorts of guns to shoot and each one is unique and fun to shoot :) I would recommend at least getting 3+ guns or a package when coming here because how often do you get to shoot fully automatic weapons?!?!?!  The staff here is very helpful and will make sure that you have a good shooting experience, whether you are an experienced shooter or never held a gun in your life. Plus you get free rides to and from there.  Overall I would recommend coming at least once while you are in Vegas and bring the whole family because who doesn't like shooting stuff :)
5 It was my 1st time so I don't have much to go by but the entire experience couldn't have gone any better. I organized a group and from the 1st call, everything was pretty seamless. I always like to get everything in writing so I don't get screwed in the end. They were fine writing emails and actually responded to emails. Everything they said was going to happen, did and they were on time for pick up and ready to drop us off when ready.  THEY PICK UP AND DROP OFF FOR FREE!  Great gun selection and the teachers were very helpful. Again, it was my 1st time and I only shot one person on accident.  Again, I would definitely recommend! I called around to approx. 5 other places and this was the cheapest and luckily the easiest to work with because the 2 usually don't go hand in hand.
5 Recently went to the battlefield vegas facility on a monday.  I have to say that it was better than advertised.  It was EASY to find EASY to get in and out, EASY to choose what you want to enjoy, and fun.  I have shot at other places in town like american shooter's supply and the gun store.  These places are good, but the battlefield vegas is better.  When you arrive there is plenty of parking.  You come into the shop with lots of items for sale and memorabilia.   You also have plenty of space in the store.  There are rooms to go into with couches for your group.  This place is obviously a good place for groups and parties.  Once you decide on what package you want (which are meant to depict certain eras like world war II allies and axis,) etc. you get a receipt and then you move to the shooting.  There is an attendant that is there in case you have any questions and he guides you through the process of loading, gun operation and other safety concerns.  You know that you are in good hands with the people that work there.  Each person is a former serviceman.  They have the real training and the understanding to guide you through shooting and answer any questions that you might have about the process or the history of any of the guns that they have to offer.    For example I shot the BAR 1918 full auto 30-06 with a bi pod.  This gun is unusual, and rare to say the least and is not the sort of thing that you typically find at the other places.  This is just the beginning of selection that the battlefield vegas has.  I strongly recommend going here.  They know how to make sure that your trip is worth it and they even offer pick up and drop off at the hotels.  Highly recommended.
5 "You cannot invade the mainland United States. There would be a rifle behind every blade of grass." - Isoroku Yamamoto  All the men that work here have served their country. Tip them well!   70 years after D-Day I came here to celebrate my daughter's high school graduation. I opted for the D-day package while my daughter had the G.I. Jane.   We were picked up by an authentic military humvee. No A/C but I was told by the mid of June all the humvees will have doors, a roof, and A/C. The driver and my trainer were beyond courteous and very welcoming. The training is thorough and you are given the opportunity to load and cock your own weapon. In addition, the trainer makes sure there are plenty of photo ops. You can also take pics with the helicopter and vehicles outside.   When I think of World War 2, "Saving Private Ryan" and "Pearl Harbor" come to mind. So many have made the ultimate sacrifice. Their weapons have always fascinated me and in this moment I was able to shoot the same weapons our American soldiers used to fight the Germans and Japanese. The M1 Garand is an amazing rifle. Plenty of power and by far my favorite weapon because of it's historic value and accuracy. I got all head shots! The Thompson looks so easy in the movies. But once you pull that trigger and let the auto loose you are spraying the target. Oh what a blast that was!   My daughter did well. Head shots and red targets. Her favorite was the Colt M4 because of the scope and it reminded her of playing call of duty.   The weapon selection is extensive. P90, MP5, ACR, Scar, MG, and so on and so on. There's so many to choose from! There are about a dozen packages available. Even one for the kids with weapons using .22. I can't wait to come back and try a .50 sniper rifle. This is a definite adrenaline rush and an experience you can't miss! Boom!
5 Shooting semi auto will never be fun anymore, lol.   This place is frickin awesome, i popped my full-auto cherry here. The selection of full auto rifles is amazing and varied. They also hooked me and my buddies up with some free firearms/magazines to shoot because it was my bachelor party!!! The instructors/range officers were really nice dudes that let us enjoy the weapons while keeping everything safe. I also got to shoot a desert eagle and a s&w 500, among other pieces that i've always wanted to shoot.  Would I go back? ONLY EVERY SINGLE TIME I'M IN VEGAS!! This is seriously a must check out place.
5 Our safety officer Jon was great, the guns were clean & they were all in perfect working order. Jon walked us through each weapon before shooting. It was a lot of fun & I highly recommend this range. I ordered the "Private Ryan Experience" and my wife chose the "Seal Team Six Experience", we also added an AK47 for kicks.  They are very organized and they are very safety conscious. I can't wait to go again!
5 This was a fantastic experience! We got picked up in a humvee by Trevor, and took some photos with the tanks and helicopters they have on site. Once we went in my boyfriend picked out what packages he wanted. It was my first time shooting so I was planning on just trying a couple, and they were helpful at guiding us through what I could use since understandably they don't pass loaded guns from one person to another. We did the SWAT team package with some add ons.   We worked with Sean on the range, who was great. He was really knowledgeable and helpful and did a great job of walking me through what to do, and made me feel less nervous. He even pushed me to try full auto at the end when I was using the MP 5, which I needed!  I felt very safe and the environment was very professional and fun.  Overall an awesome experience, I HIGHLY recommend Battlefield Vegas.
5 This place was very cool! They went all out for the battlefield theme. They had a wide and unique selection of firearms! I finally got to shoot the Tavor, Glock 18, and Chiappa Rhino!  The price is Vegas priced for shooting so expect to pay 400% the normal price of ammo... I would normally take off a star for that but seeing how all the other places around are the same I can't hold it against this place.  The staff was very friendly and professional! I happen to go during a slower time. I was in and out within 15 minutes, probably less than 5 minutes of actual shooting. That's what happens when you fire full auto guns.... I'd recommend this place over the other Vegas run ranges simple because their staff! Their weapon selection was a little better than thegunshop or discountguns. Prices were about the same. It's close to circus circus (across the street). Good place to take friends/relatives that are from overseas and can't fire guns in their own country.
5 Amazingly friendly staff members, they picked us up at our hotel and dropped us off where we wanted. The environment of the place feels very fitting and completes the experience. Their selection of fire arms is the widest I've seen around. Definitely worth it!
5 Went to Battlefield Vegas with a small group of guys in town for a wedding, and I highly recommend it.  I'd do it again in a heartbeat.  We were picked up at our hotel by a staff member in a military issue Humvee. Had an enjoyable ride, arrived, and talked with a female staff member who was educated, patient, and helpful.  We all created our own packages and spent an average of $150-$200 apiece.  Our instructors were professional, knowledgeable, and funny.  It was a great mix of adrenaline and excitement, and we all felt safe at the same time.  We were allowed to take lots of pictures and videos as well.  Most of us were inexperienced with guns, but everyone had a blast.  Our driver took us up to Fremont street afterwards since that was where we wanted to go, so we saved a few bucks in cab fare as well.  It can be scary investing in an "experience" activity in a tourist town, but Battlefield Vegas was the real deal.  Great staff, a safe and clean environment, and a unique experience.  I wouldn't take a chance on any other gun range now that I've been here.
5 Simply phenomenal time today.  Packages were a good value, but I went a la carte so that I could shoot specific weapons.  I was a walk-in, but they had me on the firing line in under 30 minutes.   Range Safety Officer Doug ran me through the specifics of each weapon, made sure I was operating them properly and even took pictures of me with my target and weapon after each spent mag.   Definitely the highlight of my Vegas trip.
5 Excellent services and unforgetable moments when I got some perfect shots with Glock and M4
5 The Minigun was a friggin blast at 4500 rounds per min. Doug was great on the range! Was my daughter bday and she got a bonus Hello Kitty AK.
5 So much fun! Excellent assortment of everything you could ever wanna shoot! AND it's a free lift to and from anywhere on the strip or dt! So remember to TIP your drivers bc they're doin YOU the favor of transport and saving you from sketchy taxi rides.
5 Went to battlefield a few days ago and it was one of my favorite things in Vegas! As a 5'2, 90lb ballerina I was scared out of my mind but everyone there was fabulous.The ladies who helped us pick out what we were shooting were extremely helpful and not pushy to try higher priced guns. The two boys with us each shot 4 guns and the girls did two. When we went in to shoot I had Nick who helped me out and he was wonderful. He was so patient and explained everything to me so that I knew exactly what to do! I recommend spending the $10 to shoot the souvenir tshirt because then you get that and the target. It was an awesome experience and I cant wait to do it again when I go back!
5 Took my 16yr old daughter here to shoot for her 1st time. She did "The Little Giants" package. Our range guide was Doug and he was awesome!! After shooting all the .22 cal weapons Doug broke out the an M4 to finish. Battlefield Vegas was super professional and knowledgeable. You have a choice in Vegas.....choose Battlefield Vegas.
5 We went back 12 months later and it was another great outing! I love these guys. I tip our observer ever time and I hope you all do too.
5 Very good, you walk in and you choose gun and how much ammo. After 5-15 minutes you go into a room where you get ammo, gun, glasses and more. Then you walk into the shooting range (it is very loud) and a guy teaches you how to hold the gun and then he let's you shoot. If you have family/friends who come but doesn't wanna shoot, there is a great shop in the same building (plus a great waiting room with couches and tv )
