5 Friendly, quick and super efficient!  Highly recommend!
5 "Just an incredible and awesome experience aside from being very knowledgeable PAC Jennifer Meeks and her staff actually cared and took the time to pack my wound as gentle as possible even I was in bad pain she was in every way a sweetheart and informative and even gave me proper medications for pain and antibiotics and recommended a doctor for my issue for a 2nd opinion she should definitely be rewarded or recognized including her staff nancy daisy and Sabrina PAC Jennifer Meeks has a A++++++++++ in my book,  great job guys, William Zambrano (patient)."
5 i've been going there for 2 years and they never let me down as a matter of fact im going there today to see my favorite dr dr jeffrey willden. he truly understands and cares about my medical situation and history along with his staff they are so compassionate and willing to help with patients with their billing problems, as for dr willden he should get a raise cause evertyhing he says turns out too be true he is very knowledgeable, caring and takes appropriate action to make sure i feel better in every way.    when i go there i leave with a huge smile on my face even when things arent looking so good for me by far the best doctor, staff, and urgent care in az not just saying that thats the honest truth highly recommended in my book. they take the time to make sure his or their diagnosis is as accurate as medically possible is, and dr willden so far has stepped up to those expectations. i consider myself very lucky to have found a medical establishment like urgent care extra emphasis on extra perfect name for this urgent care. extra care, extra time, and extra human. thx u soooooo much everyone at urgent care extra val vista and guadalupe location and to dr jeffrey willden the community needs a dr and people like the staff there, don't ever change always put the patient 1st like u have been doing, no matter what other reviews say. thx u again, your loyal patient william zambrano.
3 Friendly staff but not very fast. Left pondering the use of the word "urgent." There were only a two patients ahead of us but our visit still took more than an hour.
5 Wow. I cannot begin to tell you how much Urgent Care Extra has come through for me.  After moving to AZ, I got hit with a MAJOR case of allergies. No exaggeration, I had never ever been that sick in my life with any kind of illness as I was with these allergies. I seriously thought this was the end.  I was greeted immediately upon walking in and after a few sheets of paperwork, I was on my way back to see the provider. They got me all fixed up and within a couple of days of using the medication prescribed, I was on the road to recovery.  $50 gets you in to see a doctor and $15 will cover each prescription if necessary. This is a GREAT deal especially if you don;t have insurance coverage. (fyi, use the yelp check in offer for a free prescription to save a few extra bucks).  I would highly recommend this location if you are in need of immediate medical assistance.
