5 9/28/13 Greenway and 64th St. Dr. Jones diagnosed a small fracture in one of the bones on the top of my right foot that has caused it to swell very large and has been excruciatingly painful. The other physician I saw at another practice did not tke the time to X-ray and was treating me for a spider bite. I am getting married on Oct. 5 and was panicking about my foot getting worse. Dr. Jones was extremely soft in her manner and I felt I was finally getting the care I needed. My family and I have been to this clinic for all kinds of routine things. This visit was most important to me! THANK YOU DR. JONES! "
5 They took my insurance and kindly agreed to bill for copay. The dr was fast, friendly and to the point. He valued my opinion in my care. We discussed meds and work. Even offered to fill meds in office, although my insurance is a bit better deal. I will be back for medical needs!
5 "I was seen here in the past and they were quick and kind and very helpful. so, when my son became ill, I drove out of my way to take him here. This visit was just as good, they were quick, thorough, and very efficient. All of them."
5 I was seen here on a Saturday afternoon. The visit was quick, I was in and out the door in under an hour. the doctor who I saw was absolutely amazing, understanding and and attentive!  I'll definitely be using only this urgent care in the future.
5 Traveling thru visiting family and got super sick. Staff was awesome and took care of my quickly. I was able to get all my scripts there which was super convenient. Hate being sick but love the superior service I received just now!
5 This place is our hidden gem.  As a working professional couple with two kids and very busy schedules it's nice to have a place that is near our house that is very good with customer service getting is in last minute working around our schedule instead of having to wait for the next available appointment at primary care physician.
5 I am very satisfied with the level of care I received. The PA-C was professional, warm, and thorough. The nurse was efficient. The receptionist was the only drawback. She was neither friendly nor helpful. Not unpleasant, just not warm and not in any hurry. She never communicated other than saying Good Morning in a monotone voice. I really liked the convenience of the in-house pharmacy. Overall, a positive experience and I would visit them again.
