5 I was promptly picked up at the airport and whisked away in one of their black stretched limousines. The interior had all of the necessary limo amenities, black leather seats and mood lighting.   I had my Chauffeur, Mark Clayton, give a tour of the Vegas strip and he even stopped to take some pictures of us in front of the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign. The tour included a tour all the way to the North Vegas strip. Great customer service!  He even located a higher-end store that sold Veuve Clicquot champagne for the ride. He made sure the ice bins were filled and plenty of glasses for everyone.   I will be using this limo service for the rest of my ferrying around Las Vegas because walking around in 109 degree heat is not conducive to my fly lifestyle.
2 Unfortunately, this was a mixed experience for me and my guests. We ordered 4 vehicles over the course of a weekend to shuttle people to various wedding events. Goldie, the person with whom I placed the order was very friendly and helped to make sure that the details were right. When I called back to say a competitor offered a better price, she lowered the NTS price (though not as low as the competitor). I liked Goldie and the reviews on Yelp, so decided to book NTS.  The vehicles were very nice and very clean and all but one were early (the other was late, but not terribly so and the lateness did not cause a problem for our schedule). The drivers were friendly and efficient--taking the direct routes to their destinations. They called on arrival at the pickup sites and waited for a guest who was running late.  Our primary issue came about when a guest left an item in one of the vehicles believing that the same vehicle would be returning to pick her up. A different vehicle returned and the item was not in it. When I emailed to follow up, i was told that the drivers didn't find anything and that NTS is not responsible for things left behind. I asked that they check again and was asked if I would "harass" our wedding site had we left something there. Also, I was told that they had gone "above and beyond" by checking with the cleaners to see if anything had been left behind. This tells me 2 things: 1. There is no employee accountability at NTS, such that if something is left behind, it's free for the taking; 2. Don't bother them if there's a problem.   Of course, no one expects to leave anything in a limo and, had that not happened, this review would have been a 4- or 5-star review. However, stuff happens sometimes and I do not feel that I can count on NTS to do the right thing. Obviously, you have to decide for yourself whether that risk is worth taking.
5 This was my treat on a sibling get away.  I was a bit nervous as our flight was delayed but we were met promptly at the airport with no problem!  We were given a quick tour of the strip before being dropped off at the hotel.  Definetly will use them again!
5 NTS was great! i had reserved a 20 pass SUV with goldie for a group of 10. They were one of the few companies that didn't have consecutive hourly minimums. Edward, our driver, showed up with the upgraded extra huge hummer limo, which was great! He was on time, had ice and cups ready for us in the limo. Great service, I would totally recommend using them!!!
5 I was just in Vegas for CES. Their service was fast and the driver was nice. I would use them again! =]
1 I recently booked a airport transfer with strip tour in las Vegas with this company. I was incredibly unhappy with our experience. Upon entering the airport we waited around for the limo driver for approximately 5-10 minutes. He then went to baggage claim when it was explained ahead of time that we would have no luggage and would meet at the limo station. When we finally met up with him, he took us to a limo that was broken and dirty. The car was incredibly hot, the window in the back was broken did not close all the way, the radio did not work, and all of the glasses provided for our champagne were incredibly dirty. They were so dirty I didn't actually choose to drink out of them. When we asked to stop at the liquor store the driver told me he needed my credit card and license to take down my information, which I had already given to the woman booking over the phone. This took up a great deal of our time, and I was informed that our time was going to be cut short because he started counting the time from when our plane landed even though he was the one who was late. I will never again use NTS limo and I highly recommend that you go elsewhere. It is worth the extra ten dollars to go somewhere else!
5 I just wanted to let you know what amazing limo service we received from NTS Limo. We got a limo from the airport to our hotel on the strip and our driver was Jim. First off I want to start by saying I love how technology was incorporated. A digital sign and a txt from the driver! That honestly blew my mind away. The txt was a brilliant idea letting us know ahead of time who our driver was, where he was going to be and his number in case we needed anything. I was very impressed by the driver. Jim was AMAZING! He had a wonderful personality and was very knowledgeable about Vegas. Was willing to take pictures and answer any questions we had. He even took a picture for us on his phone (because mine wasn't working properly) and sent it to my phone!! Now that's wonderful customer service!! He was the perfect start to our trip in Vegas. I am so glad I picked this limo company. They had great prices, amazing limo drivers and great customer service (lady that I made the reservations with was polite and courteous). They had clean vehicles, sharply dressed and clean chauffeurs and great vehicles for reasonable prices. I will definitely recommend this company and next time we are in Vegas-We will definitely be using them again ;)
5 I recently had a very positive experience with NTS Limousine. I arranged for an airport to hotel transportation and strip tour for my group. We were supposed to arrive at 10 pm but due to bad weather in Las Vegas, we were delayed indefinitely. When I called NTS to let them know we would be late and weren't sure we wanted the strip tour, the dispatcher told me it was no problem to change our reservation to just an airport transfer. She told me the driver would be there whenever our flight landed and we could decide on the strip tour when we arrived. Unfortunately we didn't arrive until almost 2 am so we opted to forego the tour which they said was no problem. I was so impressed with our driver, Frank, and the rest of the staff, especially Goldie, was so friendly.
5 We reserved a stretch limo made to accommodate eight people for four passengers, so it was a very comfortable ride. Our driver Jim was amazing! We met at the airport easily and he took us around Las Vegas for a few hours until we could check into the hotel. He took us everywhere we wanted to go without us even having to ask! So friendly and helpful, made the experience very memorable! Would book with this company again without hesitation.
5 To be clear, my rating is for our driver "Jim".  Any company can match a rate and produce a nice limo, but Jim really stepped it up a notch.  I now know the difference between a driver and a chauffer.  He was on time, responsive, personable, and made our trip extra special.  I will ask for him each time I return to Vegas!
