4 Used a Groupon coupon today for a gel manicure and spa pedicure.  My Groupon clearly stated work would be completed by a student as well as numerous signs within the establishment indicated the same.  This was clearly a teaching facility, which was no problem for me.  The area was clean and within an older building with equipment geared for teaching.  Don't expect a North Scottsdale atmosphere, this is a teaching facility.  All students were well groomed and very pleasant.  An instructor oversaw all work completed by the students, checking in frequently during the course of my visit.  My technician, Lin, did an excellent job and completed both mani & pedi within 75 mins.  There was more than ample selection of polish, both gel and regular.  I found only a handful (less than five) of bottles at half full.  I received a scrub type massage as well as a lotion massage to both hands and feet.  I would certainly recommend this establishment and I have scheduled an appointment on 9/5 to use my remaining Groupon.  My experience was better than expected from a teaching facility.
2 I went here with a friend to use a Groupon for a gel manicure and a spa pedicure. I knew it was a school going into the appointment. My issues with the place are as follows: 1. The students there were very unprofessional. They talked about their personal lives, talked to each other, and just were generally inappropriate for a business setting. Their supervisor overheard everything and did not say anything. This is pretty disturbing since some of these girls stated that they were going to work at places like Dolce in a few weeks.  2. The gel manicure was billed as 'unchippable' by the people at this salon, but my friend had one whole nail peel off the day after the manicure and my nails chipped 2 days after. This is especially annoying because it is difficult to remove the polish that remained on my nails, so they just look bad.  3. The massage was pretty weak.  4. They don't have enough carts for pedicures, so I had to put my foot up on my 'pedicurist's' lap...that's a bit odd.  5. It was difficult to make an appointment here. I had to call several times and leave messages and wait for them to call me back.    Overall, I would not return to this place, even at the cheap price. I guess you get what you pay for.
5 Just got back from my mani/spa pedi that I purchased from Living Social.  Sarah did my toes and hands and she did an excellent job. She took her time and very nice and professional. I will come here again. Just make sure you plan on being there a little longer than normal salons.
1 I rarely write bad reviews but this experience was just bad and no apologies were attempted. I had a 30 min spa pedicure by Lydia. The massage was ok, could have been longer. Next I had my acrylics removed and a manicure afterwards. Lydia spent so much time filing my nails that she didn't have time to the manicure. She didn't even apologize. It also burned frequently bc she kept filing off my own nail rather than the acrylic. I had to show her where to file on each nail so she wouldn't ruin my nail bed.. The thing that got me the most was that her long hair was not pulled back, so she got acrylic powder in her hair, lips, all over her face. Then she pulled my fingers so close to her that her dirty hair was all over my nails. Just seemed very unhygienic and unprofessional. The teacher Mindy didn't correct her much just took off the manicure that wasn't done off the bill.  I have been to other student salons and this was the worst of them all. The teacher didn't even ask me to rate her. A 15 min file and buff turned into an hour and half long process, with no time left for a manicure
4 Great $ deal and Clean I originally went on a Living Social but continue to go back back they are a great bargain, trendy with lots of polish selections and the place is far more hygienic and professional than most salons I've walked in. I have had a few really new students who took a long time but nearly all my experiences have been very good. I resisted gel polishes because I did not want the deadly acetone soaks, but this place follows the safe methods of polishing off the gel. I had only one time where the polish chipped and that was a new student who did not use enough base. One time in 10 is not bad.
5 I have been here twice for gel manicures, and both times have really enjoyed the result. The girls are really nice and friendly without that "nail salon fake" attitude you get at other places. The manicure lasted SO LONG the second time that literally it didn't chip until my nail started growing out substantially. Good product!  All in all, it's a fantastic price for high quality product and work.
4 This is a good place for gel manicures and basic pedicures. Avoid acrylic work. They are students, so it might take slightly longer than another nail salon. Overall, it's a nice place and the people are friendly.
