3 Good for a cheap gym 10 a month hard to beat. can't do alot of heavy lifting, but can get most things done. Biggest downfall, zero eyecandy. Median must be around 60.
5 I have not found a gym of this caliber for an unbeatable price of $10 per month with no up front initiation fees or long term contracts. (I think they are charging $24 now)  The machines are brand new and never have to wait for something to open up.   Short on time? No problem. They have a 30 minute circuit area that combines strength training and cardio. Red light cool off, green light go.It goes by super fast!  They also have personal trainers if you need some extra motivation or want to create a fitness plan tailored to your individual goals.  You will not find classes, pool or court, but most everything else is there to get and keep in shape.
4 BEWARE!  I just got hit with my $39 annual fee that I completely forgot about.  If you can get passed that, then for the love of God, join this gym if you live in the area!   It has everything I need to have a great workout, and nothing more.  A ton of great cardio machines, good amount of free weights, you name it, they got it (except a rower, I'd like for them to get a rower).  Even at peak times it's never very crowded.  Today (Monday) I went n the early afternoon and it was mostly older folk.  After 5pm it's usually young professionals and late night it's high school kids.  High school kids, by the way, all work here.  But they're all nice and they seem to enjoy it there, so no complaints about that.  Equipment is all new, and the employees are constantly wiping everything down.  I'm so happy to have a great gym to go to that's close to my house and has everything I need (and no scene like LA Fitness or Lifetime).  I run here pretty much everyday, workout, then run back home.  Highly recommended.  I only knocked 1 star because I don't like the smell of the soap in the bathroom.
4 I despise LA Fitness, actually I despise this location http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-fitness-phoenix-5 (Tatum in between Cactus and Shea) ( my review http://www.yelp.com/biz/la-fitness-phoenix-5#hrid:5tp9ZlcPx1PGPGcxKKYCRQ) because they haven't updated their equipment in over a decade (that includes their AC cause its always like 80 degrees inside).  Either way I moved and I needed somewhere to go that was affordable (I'm keeping LA Fitness, hoping one day it gets remodeled, I mean its in a good area what the hell man #serious) and not very busy, youfit fit this mold (fit,fit,fit).  Youfit is pretty much empty all the time so I can do everything quickly especially cardio which you will never wait for.  The only issue is I cant do everything I "need" to do, their free weights only go up to 75lb and they don't have any hammer strength machines, both of which are vital to my regular workout.  Aside from that its clean, the equipment is NEW and nice, the people working there are friendly and there is never a wait for anything.  My only other gripe is there are no paper towels in the bathroom, they are all "green" so they only have a hand dryer which "I get" but when your sweating a paper towel would be nice, ironically (not really irony at all but just funny) the only place in the club with paper towels is in the middle by the hand sanitizer station #weird
3 As gyms go this one is ok.  What bugs me the most is the hidden fees.  There's an annual "maintenance" fee of $29.99 they collect automatically in June.  When you sign up they collect the last month and first month and "initiation fee", each at $10.00 for a total of $30.00 due at sign up.  If you cancel early (before your 1 yr contract automatically renews at $5.00 increase to $15.00/month), you will have to pay $25.00 "processing fee".  And you can ONLY cancel within 60 days of your auto renewal date.  Discount = hidden fees.  Sick of being nickel and dimed to death.
4 Just joined YouFit last week. So far, so good.  What drew me in at first was the price. Small registration fee, then only $10 a month. Sweet. Doesn't have the amenities like LA Fitness (which I left a scathing review for below) but I don't really need the amenities. I just need to get my workout on.  I was a little put off my all the purple and green at first, but I got used to it. It is not a huge space but it is efficient and they seem to fit a lot of equipment in without being claustrophobic.   I have yet to wait for a machine. And I usually go during the after work rush.   It is so clean! Yay! I see employees constantly cleaning machines.   The music isn't terrible. Yeah they have some bubblegum pop. But I have also heard some Van Halen as well. The variety is refreshing. Doesn't sound like a middle school dance or a gay club in Tijuana. (Nothing against gay clubs... I have many friends that are gay but the music at gay clubs sucks IMO! Find me a hard rocking gay bar and I'm there.)  Their fast circuit seems cool. I have yet to try it but I love the idea of a full body workout in 30 minutes. The "cardio" portion consists of a step. Hmmmm... would have liked to see some compact cycle machines or something instead.   They don't have paper towels in the bathroom only dryers. I know they are trying to be environmentally friendly and all but I love to cool off with a wet paper towel after working out. My workout towel just doesn't cut it. Just a personal preference.  Staff is nice. They seem to make an effort to be friendly.  Gym goers are not creepy. People of all body types and walks of life. They seem to have the same mentality I do. Just workout and go back to the daily grind. No excessive loitering.  Overall, I'm pretty thrilled to have found YouFit. I dreaded going to my old gym, but actually look forward to working out now.
2 This place is what it is.  Cheap.  Decent equipment and it's all new.  Treadmills and bikes are nice with individual TVs on each.  However, there are not too many free weight options.  Seems geared towards the older, out of shape crowd... not that there's anything wrong with that, I'm just a little more motivated by fit people working their asses off.  I like decent work out music with a beat, not Barry Manilow and Sarah McLachlan playing over the gym speakers.  (Which by the way I complained about and was told that they had to accommodate everyone's tastes.  Middle of the road kinda deal.)  The main thing that bugs me though is that in spite of the low monthly costs, I feel like I'm getting nickel & dime'd.  Sure it's $10 a month.  But there is a $50 sign up fee, the monthly rate automatically goes up $5 a month after a year, there is an annual $40 surcharge and if you want to quit there is a $25 fee for that.  Oh and if you do decide to quit, make damn sure you do it 10 BUSINESS days before the next billing cycle or you're in for another month.  There is just absolutely nothing anyone can do about it.  Yeah I know it's all in the contract, but it still chaps my hide.  Oh and what's up with the colors?  I mean if you dig purple and green that's fine, but make some purple and green accents.  You don't have to paint every damn thing in the place the most obnoxious, in-your-face shade of purple and green.    I guess that's what you get for the low rates.  Kinda like the airline industry. Cheap mediocrity with colors that make you want to vomit.
3 I was just told obnoxiously to please bring a towel, I've been here like 150 times I'm not obese my membership will be cancelled...  After cooling off they get a star back and I have not seen this obnoxious employee since :)
2 I have to admit, the only reason this place isn't getting *1* star is because two people there seem like the tried in earnest to help me when a situation came up. I cancelled my membership today.  the gym itself is nice in that it's conveniently located and membership is crazy cheap. it's a very no-frills gym, but you know that going in to it. I just needed a place to do some cardio so i could pretend i was getting in shape, and this place was perfect for that. I never had to wait for a machine, it was never too crowded, the staff was always friendly.  here's my bone to pick: there are only two ways you're allowed to cancel your membership: in person, or with certified mail including a $25 check for the termination policy.   So when I moved across the country, they weren't exactly super helpful. I called and tried to cancel, they weren't exactly accommodating. yes, it's 2013 but they wouldn't let me cancel anything by phone or online. It HAD to be in person, or certified mail. they're going out of their way to be obnoxious about cancelling. I have to believe it's actually MORE difficult for them to take a cancellation by mail than it would be to just do it on the phone or online. They do it just to be annoying.   admittedly, this fell off my radar for a bit as i just moved across the country and was starting a new job. i had to get a new credit card, cancelled the old one, then youfit starting calling about not being able to process my billing. that's when they came back on my radar.   again i called and tried to cancel. the nice man there sounded like he understood the issue but his hands were tied. I reasoned with him long enough and he finally said he'd have the GM call me back. The GM called me back and basically he finally agreed to let me be the exception and cancel over the phone, but not before paying late fees and paying for months of membership during which i wasn't even in that time zone.   In that guy's defense, i feel like he actually probably stuck his neck out a little for me and corporate would be mad if they saw he cancelled my account remotely. that's basically why they are 2 stars instead of 1 - on some level i feel like they cared. just the corporate overlords suck.
4 First I'd like to say that I love reading the reviews where dudes say "there just aren't enough options for free weights for me" or "can't do heavy lifting here". Lol. I challenge them to use the maximum weight of any dumbbells or machines in this gym. If you need more than 75 lb dumbbells, you. are. buffffffffff. and you should probably just start bench pressing cars or something in order to get a good workout.  Ok, so I went with this gym because of the price...$29 to start, $10/mo then up to $15/mo after a year. No contract, just $25 to cxl. I have since seen lots of Groupons and deals for it and that kiiiiiiiiiiind of pisses me off every time I see it. The prices are SIGNIFICANTLY lower on those sites and I wish I would've been able to take advantage of that when I joined. You can also do the higher level membership for something like $20/mo and get guest privileges and half price on products like drinks that you can buy. For me...I'd rather bring my own water anyway and since I don't bring anyone with me I don't need the guest privileges. But...it's an option.  I like the cardio equipment, treadmills and arc trainers (kiiiiiind of like an elliptical but with more of a stair climber motion than elliptical has). They all have TVs built in with basic cable to distract you from your boring cardio. Haha. They also have iPod capability where you plug in using their plug (which charges your iPod while you use it) and you can listen to it through the machine using the buttons on the machine to skip, play, control volume, etc...  Because the equipment is new, I haven't experienced many broken machines like I have at older gyms. I have reported equipment that was malfunctioning in various ways and the employees are always prompt about testing them, putting "out of order" signs on them, and I have never seen something broken for more than a day or two.  They do have some equipment like medicine balls, kettle weights, and the big inflatable exercise balls. I don't personally use these things, but they ARE available and some people dig them.  There are no classes or pool, which I never used at other gyms anyway so I'm glad not to have to pay to not use them.  The employees are...cool for the most part. Most of them are friendly and willing to help you figure out a machine or exercise, spot you, or answer questions about workouts. There are a few rude ones, but I won't be too specific about those for fear that they will read this. Hey, I have to keep going here! :P   The gym is constantly being cleaned by the employees...vacuuming, wiping things down with spray, and checking and lubing up cables are things that seem to constantly be going on here. I like this a lot. There are also cleaning stations where you can grab your own spray and paper towels to wipe things down if  you wish. They offer hand sanitizer as well, which is nice at a place like a gym where everyone is touching everything.  As I read as a complaint in another post, they DO ask that you bring a towel. I too think this is a little annoying because I'm not one of those people who sweat all over the damn place, BUT...I get why it's a policy. There are some sweaty ass people at the gym and there's nothing worse than getting on a treadmill with nasty sweat droplets all over it or trying to sit on a weight bench that has someone's ass crack sweat on it. Gross. Just bring the towel people. There's no rule about the towel...it can be a little 2x2 square if you want to be a smart ass, or a beach towel if you like to maybe wear a towel cape while working out.  I've heard of a couple people getting double charged for their memberships, but staff is pretty quick to resolve these issues.  Overall, this is a good gym. It certainly offers enough for anyone to get a decent workout. I guess if you're a professional body builder who needs 1,000 lb machines and 200 lb dumbbells, it's not good enough, but for NORMAL people it's sufficient.
2 Got a call today from a collection agency saying they were collecting for the trainer company at this place called Custom Built. I completed their contract and cancelled the contract about 5 different ways (in person, on phone, through email, through certified mail, etc). I was assured everything was cancelled. Then 6 months later I get a call from a collection agency saying I owe close to $500 which was more than the original contract? Now no one at their company will call me back. Convenient! My advice: DO NOT SIGN UP FOR PERSONAL TRAINING!!! The only reason I didn't give it one star is that I really liked my trainer. Had to leave because of work schedule.
1 I do not like this gym. See my tips.  Yes, I get that it is cheap. But not that cheap. I pay about the same amount at 24 hour fitness with the Costco membership. (360 for 2 years) The color scheme is very unattractive, (awful purple and green) and it always smells like a tire store.  I paid for the more expensive membership,(the one you can bring a friend) and was always going alone. Because my friend got the very cheap Groupon membership.  So I tried to change my membership. But you cannot discuss your membership on the weekends. So, I asked to cancel it. No, I can only cancel my membership in person during the week. I am only near this gym on the weekends.  Finally I make a special trip to discuss my membership.  No, I cannot cancel or change my membership, but must buy it out.  So, I bought it out. Just to make them go away.  Believe it or not, I received collection calls for two months after I paid them off.  Unbelievable.   My advice, be very clear which membership you have, and if it can be cancelled with a 30 day notice.
5 I've been a member for a few months and believe the concept for the cost is 5-star or as Yelp states "As good as it gets".  The biggest positives are (i) cleanliness, (ii) lack of classes which limits membership, and (iii) friendly staff.  The 1 star reviews can largely be summarized by clients that couldn't grasp the concept of the gym (which clearly discloses the lack of basketball, swimming, yoga, etc.), couldn't read their contract, or didn't look at the understandable policies (bring your own towel - not a big deal to me).  Similar to LA Fitness, they disclose the price and how to cancel memberships in the fine print.  Spread this cost (as well as the start-up) over 12- or 24-months and the true cost of membership is ~$14-15/month - hard to beat.
5 I've been using this gym for about 3 months now and love it. The workers are super friendly, it's never that busy and the prices are very reasonable. My only complaint, which is a minor one is they don't have much room for floor exercises or core workouts. Other than that, great place to be!
1 I went to Youfit today to cancel my membership because my contract was up officially March 11th and I hardly went to the gym anyway.  I was told in order to cancel my membership today March 29th that there would be a $25 fee to cancel. It's free to cancel within 15 days of the expiration date of your membership. Ok so 18 days later I still have to pay $25 to cancel my membership. I asked to speak with a manager the kid advised no managers will be in until Monday. He said the managers will tell you the same thing I am now: you have to pay the $25 fee because you are 3 days over the 15 day window. He gave me a "Membership Consideration Request" to send to corporate. He said maybe they would call if I didn't get a response that means my request was thrown out. What?! Ok so seriously this place SUCKS! Small place with not a lot of options offered in NICER gyms.  If I could give zero stars I would! Wish me luck on my "Membership Consideration Request"
1 I got a membership because I was told there would be no start-up fees on the day I signed up (Member Appreciation Day), there's no membership (i.e. just month-to-month), and there are no extra gym fees or anything of the sort. Well, to my surprise, two months in, I got a $29.99 "annual gym fee." I called to inquire and was given a simple apology for the employee not bringing it up when I signed up. Sorry, but apologies don't pay the bills. Next, when I try to cancel the membership because of this blatant deceit, I'm told that it's a $25 "processing fee." Are you kidding me? And according to the girl on the phone, the best they can do is lower it to a $10 processing fee. Neglecting to tell a customer about fees and surprise charges should be made up on the part of the -business- NOT the customer. BE WARNED!
1 I called to cancel my membership, I was recently charged $29.00 for a maintenance fee and decided I wasn't utilizing the gym to justify the cost. When I called I was told there would be a $25 processing fee that would also be charged to my account. BEWARE!! I am very disappointed and feel this is a scam.
4 The staff is friendly, adequately knowledgeable and are always at the front desk if there's anything a customer needs. The equipment will satisfy the average Joe, I enjoy the noncompeitive atmosphere that rides that feature as well. The awkward bright green and purple colors fade into the background after a few visits. It's cheaper than any other gym around my area and it's operating hours are mostly accommodating.
