3 I thought this was Kats bar....I go in theres a striper pole....but no women...I look over at the rainbow wall of flashing lights.......and the guys at the bar are looking at me..  I guess I should have seen the rainbow on the sign out side but it took me like 90sec to relize by aciedent I walked in to a gay bar?   Im not that confident in myself to go near a gay bar alone the free drinks are not worth it... so I left...  sign says karroke by brad on Sundays....un i guess thats good... the only other gay bar I was at was in New Orleans....they seemed much nicer oh and I've been out side of the one downtown (amersturdam?) that also seemed nicer ...so I'll giveit 3 stars
4 Spread the word: The leathermen are taking over this bar.  Velocity will be the replacement for Cellblock. There will be half-naked men who should probably be keeping their shirts on, cheap drinks, strippers in jockstraps, random boys tied up, and dark corners.  And no goth kids.  We've tied up your goth-shuffle DJ, brought out our assless chaps, and even brought a brigade of happy happy puppies in.  Got that, emo boy?  Not yours.  Ours.  Don't make me get my whip.
4 Velocity is transitioning to fill the giant shoes of the now defunct Cellblock/Padlock.  As they say out here in the west, "them's some mighty big shoes yer fillin' boy."  I wish them all the luck.  This is a dark bar, with two pool tables and no attitude.  The staff are friendly and attentive, and that matters a lot to me.  They apparently have male strippers on some nights.  Some of them need to be tied up more often, methinks.  Anyway, this is a good bar, but it will take time to fill the hole in our hearts that was Cellblock.
5 Went last night for a benefit for Logan's Playground. What a great place!Staff was friendly,the patrons were an interesting mix of leather,rubber,and joe q public. The place was on the small but not cramped scale and the x mas trappings were not overdone. The event I was there for was a lot of fun and the group putting it on (The Phoenix boys Of Leather)were amazing. The parking lot itself was small and cramped,but there was plenty of street and alternative lot parking available. I will certainly return to this comfy spot. Thank you Velocity for involving yourself in paying it foward!
