4 Since the Fat Burgers in Illinois all closed, I was thrilled to be able to walk out of the Aria and see a Fat Burger -with a bar - that we could have lunch at while sitting outside.  We also got hit with the "2 for one" drink tickets, so make it a burger, a chicken sandwich, some fried and two fat tire.  All this for under $30.  Yum!
1 I don't give out many one stars but when I do you know they deserve it. Let's begin with the flies everywhere. Cycle the garbage folks. Then the shitty service. Its not a fast food counter ladies grow a personality. I order a whiskey neat and get ice. Okay take a bartending class too. Finally, don't play SEC football west of the Mississippi. Lasg time I checked Nevada is not a KKK state and half Vegas tourists are from Cali. Play some Pac 12 asshats. Fatburger is from Cali. Have some dignity
1 This place fucking sucks it's a very expensive virgin slushy .......... Or someone forgot to put the alcohol in the mix because I drank a whole half yard and don't feel anything
4 I have to post more than just #omnomnom but that's really it in a nutshell.  We went inside first where the hostess tried to sign us up for some site tour (yeah, right, 2 girls in Vegas for 3 days...shuuuuuuuur I have time to see your hotel) but we went outside and sat at the bar.  We were able to each customize our burger to our wants.  Shared some fat fries and each got a HUGE Miami Vice.  I have a pretty high tolerance but this actually made me take a nap =)  I highly recommend as an alternative to run of the mill burger joints, though it does cost a little bit more.
5 One of my favorite places on the strip to just hang out and have a drink or two.  It's a patio bar right on the strip, great for people watching.  Friendly staff and good service.
2 We stopped here as we walked down the strip to grab some slushies and souvenir cups. (I'm a tourist, not ashamed.)   Two girls in skimpy outfits were working, not surprising for Vegas. They had horrible customer service, though. Sorry I don't have a dick, but I still know how to tip when someone earns it.  They let us sample, which was nice.  I am pretty sure the drinks didn't have alcohol.... I could be wrong, but it seemed like we wasted $20 on something we could have gotten at the 7/11 next door for $2. They didn't ID us (not too surprising), but there also wasn't a liquor license posted.   Not pleased, won't be going back.
