5 I gave this place five stars because its CLEAN and alot of nail salons are not.  They put cleaniness as a top priority.  For me the space is much larger than what is needed so it seems a little empty . However; they are super nice and she did a great job on my nails.  I personally dont mind waiting an extra five mintues if I know someones working their tail off to get to me next.
1 Went to this nail salon because I had a Groupon. It was an awful experience. There were only 3 people on staff there (1 seemed to be the owner/manager) and even though I was the ONLY customer in the place, they made me feel like I was really putting them out by making them work. There is zero level of professionalism and certainly no attempt to make you feel pampered. I do not get manicures routinely and do not have any sort of diva complex, but this place was ridiculous. Two of the nail techs even went as low as to spend a good 10 minutes bad mouthing a prior customer right in front of me.  At one point, i thought this was some sort of joke and i was on a hidden camera because it was just too unbelievable. My Groupon was for 3 visits so I HAD to sit through 3 excruciating sessions here! On the rare chance that another customer did walk in, it took forever for anyone to acknowledge them since they were busy on their personal smart phones or in the back room. One potential customer got tired of waiting after 2 to 3 minutes and walked out. They also sell shoes, clothing, and accessories here. Cheap and trashy are the adjectives that come to mind. The overall quality of the mani/pedi's I had were inconsistent ranging from average to sloppy. Their supplies were unorganized and seemed almost dirty. The worst part for me was the feeling that my presence there was interfering with their day. I don't know how this place will survive with such an incredibly unprofessional and unwelcoming atmosphere.
5 I first went to V'Dazzled on a Group On and continued to shop around after that.  I came back soon after, realizing that this was the best place in Madison for several reasons. The owner previously had a staff and then decided to slow down to get ahead.  She does all of the nail work herself, so she knows that it's up to her high standards.  My shellac lasts for a minimal of 3 weeks, until I take it off because I am ready for a color change. Her nail art is amazing!  She has very creative and exotic ideas, but if you want classic, that is what you will get.  If you bring in a picture, as I did from Pinterest, she will deliver that as well!  For pedicures, I LOVE that she doesn't have massage chairs, which often don't work at other salons and end up hurting my back.  The main reason that I won't go anywhere else for pedis is that she uses a disposable plastic tub for each client.  Next time you get a pedi, take a minute to watch them "sanitize" the wash basin, then look up the state requirements for cleaning pedi stations.  Gross!!!  From experience, I can tell you that the traditional pedi tubs are a pool of germs... I got an infection from a local nail business.  Also, at this business you get a nice discount for booking your future appointment in advance.  This nail spa is a hidden gem!
5 Everyone I've met at V'Dazzled has been very nice and helpful.  Veronica does excellent work and always takes the time to make sure everything is done perfectly.  Prices are very reasonable.  The new salon is beautifully designed and decorated, and there are some fun things to shop for.
