3 The tacos here are pretty good =) A-OK in my book
5 I had the #1 - 2 chicken tacos beans and rice for 4.99$.  It was delicious.  Added on a medium soda for a total of $6.83.  Was ready quick and food was great.
4 Well had an amazing burrito from here it was just a carne asada but it was very good ! I will be back to indulge and get my Mexican food fix =)  *side note* Their salsa bar is near the soda machine in a industrial cooler just look for the silver door near the soda fountain .
1 A food catering truck has better food than this restaurant... Service is good but the food is gross... Wouldnt recommend
4 This was an interesting little discovery.  It is in a small strip mall that is mostly empty next to a tire shop.  You have to literally drive through here to find.   It is basically a quick serve taco shop akin to a Roberto's.    I had a chicken taco plate.  It was pretty good.  It seems they put more effort into their food and service than they do at most taco shops.    The prices are noticeably lower than other taco shops.  Very reasonable prices.  Overall, the food and the prices are a good value.  I gotta say, this will be my taco shop of choice in this area.
4 Adios Roberto's hola El Charro. I went for the carnitas and they were delicious. Friendly staff but definitely in a hidden corner
4 Fabuloso! I had a chicken chimichanga and it was HUGE and so delicious! We also ordered some chips and guac and they FRESHLY FRIED the chips. So, so good! Everything was fresh and the portions were large. This will be our new go-to quickie dinner spot. I just docked one star because I wish they served beer.
4 See "Bud W." review. As you can tell this is a hole in the wall place but sooo much better tasting food than Roberto's. I don't know what they season the carne asada with but it gives it a much better flavor than the blandness of Roberto's. Always quick service and good service. Definitely worth the hunting, finding and stopping here. 9am-9pm
3 I can't figure out the rave reviews people are giving this place. There is virtually no difference between this and other hole-in-the-wall Mexican fast food places like Robertos.  The prices must have been raised since opening, because the #1 meal for $4.99 is now $5.99.  I had the asada burrito, which tasted good but I found gristle in almost every bite.  My wife had the asada taco salad, which was $7.00, and was not very big.  Overall, I thought it was a bit overpriced for what you get.  We were the only people there and it still took about 15 minutes to get our food.
4 Hubby and I are pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food here.  I had the carne asada torta and my husband had the chicken rolled tacos and we both agreed it's much much much better than Roberto's (not that this is the standard, but their menu reminds us of Roberto's). Let's face it, here in Aliante area there isn't much decent food places and it's nice to have good mom/pop taco shop.  We'll definitely be back to try more of their menu !
4 Good food. Went in about 630p. Place was empty. Order to go was quick. Had chicken enchilada combo & a carne asada burrito. Cheap prices. Will definitely be back to try more.
