5 Great place and had awesome service.  I'm not too sure about the layout but i think its laid out for more of a family restaurant and not for a local bar.  I'm used to Native New Yorker separating the bar and the restaurant side, but the way they have it set up will get the job done.  The one thing i was not a big fan of was the super small patio.  There was only room for a couple tables.
3 Was here with the family last night, was very busy. Wings were good, salads were really good, burger and pizza were maybe a bit below average. Service was great given how busy it was. Its ok if you live in the area and don't feel like a drive for something better.
1 We ate at Native last Tuesday because of their wing special. We walked out without having to pay for the bill. My wife and kids meals where over cooked and that made the chicken like rubber. My chicken still had feathers attached. Sick!!!!!
2 Convenient only for those that live in San Tan Valley. Food is mediocre, prices are a bit high. Drink specials at happy hour could are a bit higher than the competition. Wings usually come out cold. It must be because the food runners are not on the ball.  Uncle Bears up the street has better wings, food and better service. But again, it is a matter of convenience for those of us that live in San Tan Valley.
2 Decided to take my wife and family out to one of the newest restaurants in San Tan Valley.  We were seating  fairly quickly, and our waiter came and took our drink order.  When he returned with our drinks he took our food order, which included so appetizers as well.  Both appetizers, potato skins and load steak fries, were still cold in the middle and the cheese on top did not even melt.  Tried to send them back, the returned food was now burnt and way too crispy.  My wife's patty melt came out wrong and burnt as well, she sent it back and the returned one was acceptable.  My wings were okay, but way too greasy for my liking.  The worst part of the evening is when the manager came to check on us and ask us everything was.  My wife responded "not very good", and the manager said "well that's good" and walked away.  Will definitely not be returning.
1 My family & I went here last Mon. for my husband's birthday. One to try something new & different only because there are not many other family restaurants out here either. We started off with cheese sticks (6) & the plate of onion rings (10), it was ok. There menu claims to be serving food made "Fresh & daily". So not true the fish & chips was out of the ice box as were the fries with a little seasoning to add flavor. The BBQ chicken strips were even worse than they smelled and served with a side of coleslaw and fries. The club salad wasn't anything spectacular either, a thin slice of cheese, lettuce, meat & three layers of bread along a side of fries. Finally, my sauteed mushroom hamburger, well done. Everyone else was served food & I had to wait another 6 min. only because I asked for a "well done" burger so this takes more time to cook than anything else that we ordered and was supposed to be prepared Fresh, I don't think so. Again this food was out of the ice box & had NO seasoning what so ever on the burger or mushrooms.   So dissatisfied with this place would not ever recommend this place nor would I take my family back there to eat, Blah, blah food. Just because the place is "New" doesn't mean the food will taste delicious. So over rated and so ashamed to even say I've eaten there but that was the one & only time I will have tried the Native New Yorker. Half a star only because the atmosphere is New.
1 Went last night about 9 pm. Got seated in the bar, and I was planning on trying an Atlantic Breeze drink to start. I was thinking wings too. After 10 minutes and no visit by the waitress I assumed they werent interested in making money on a saturday. It wasn't busy, I could see the servers and hostess chatting , the the bartender chatting with some other servers. Got up and left. I'm sure I'll go again though, I do love their wings.
2 I've had a very good burger here but the fries were under cooked. The service on the other hand was horrible! It took a party of 3 (2 adults and a child) 25 mins of seated time before we even got water to our table. Asked my waiter for a 3rd set of silverware and never got it so I had to stop the manager as I saw her walking past the table with a few in her hand for one. Proceeded to tell her that we were not happy that it to over 20 mins to get water and we still did not have the appetizer and that I have a child that is starving and begging me for food as Im talking to her the appetizer hits the table. 2 mins later still talking to her and the food hits the table. All she told me was that they were having high turnover in staff and that it was very busy and if I would have sat in the bar area the better servers are in that area. UNBELIEVABLE!!! I should be able to sit anywhere in a restaurant and get good service!! Been to the STV location twice and same horrible service both times. My parents have also been there once and had the same complaint. Sorry manager that gave me a line of crap but I don't think its "busy" I think your waiters suck. Get better staff if you want to keep your regulars! Management brushes off complaints here and refuses to take responsibility! This location is much closer to my house but I would recommend the Power Rd & Chandler Heights location as far as service.
5 As an actual upstate Native New Yorker I love this place, we have previously been going to the one in Mesa so were excited when this one opened closer to us. Our service was excellent, our waitress Nicole was super attentive and very sweet! We went on a saturday night, had no wait for a booth, ordered wings & pizza which were excellent and delivered promptly. I have read the negative comments so we waited awhile to visit, as I believe it usually takes some time for a resturant to get things right and I feel this location has accomplished that!
2 My husband and I finally decided to try this place yesterday. We will never go back. The food was not good. My husband's calzone was tasteless and too much bread and not enough fillings. I ordered a burger and fries and the fries were undercooked and the burger very greasy. I felt ill the rest of the night. However, we did have good service and the beer was very cold, but still won't go back.
2 Wasn't great service, food was mediocre, and the Calzone/Wings I had weren't amazing! Didn't accommodate my grandfather who is in a walker and the waitress was very rude about our situation. Wouldn't recommend eating here.
3 we eat there a few times a month, average  food but usually good service. wings are good.
2 I dont know why this place is packed every night, but it is. Not a fan of their wings. Always too long of a wait for what its worth. Two stars because its close to home.
5 I have never had a bad experience at this Native New Yorker. The food is always well prepared and the staff is friendly. I normally only eat the wings or strippers but my family eats other items on the menu and I've never seen anything over or under cooked. Maybe the other reviews were poor because this restaurant opened recently and were just getting into the swing of things. Well, they're fully operational now and got all the kinks worked out.
2 Gargle. Ahem. "This place was terrrrrriiiibbbbblllleeee."   I have to completely agree with the other reviewers that myself and my family were severely disappointed with the food, price, and service* at this establishment. My son has been begging me to try this place so we decided to grab some lunch there today,  around noon. Native New Yorker was actually pretty empty for a Saturday at lunch time and since it's still a fairly new restaurant that surprised me.  After we were seated we got our drinks and menu's accordingly and started to browse. Our waitress was attentive and very friendly so that started things off right and put us at ease. When it came time for us to order is when everything started to go horribly, horribly wrong. My son ordered the build your own calzone, I was trying to order the pot pie. And the waitress had this uneasy look on her face and she said "Are you sure that's what you want?" "Are you REALLY sure?" I said "Is there something you want to tell me?" So, she proceeds to tell me that the pot pie isn't made fresh and she really encouraged me to change my mind. Than my husband tried to order the full rack of ribs and the waitress flat out said he couldn't have it. The new menu's apparently haven't arrived yet and it's technically no longer on the menu. How hard would it be to strike it out? Or to let us know it's not available as you're giving us our menus? Not very.   After that disappointment and awkwardness we had to take another five minutes to look over the menu. I ended up ordering the native stripper platter which is chicken strippers with your choice of flavor ( I chose suicide and honey bbq) with coleslaw and steak fries. My son was able to keep his calzone order and my husband ordered a personal pizza with sausage, bacon and pepperoni. We also opted to order an appetizer, the chicken bacon ranch flat bread. To their credit we all enjoyed the app it was a little over board on the cheese but good. For six dollars we each had three decent sized slices.   We didn't have to wait long on our food and it all LOOKED good, honestly we couldn't wait to eat it. My son didn't like his calzone because it was too doughy for him. I tasted it and it was cooked through completely but there was definitely more bread than innards. And, when I say the ratio was off-it was off...my steak fries were not well seasoned and just lifeless on my plate. My suicide strippers were not hot and my chicken was rubbery. Overall, my plate was overcooked and just very bland. My husband's pizza was so greasy he had to blot it and the crust was mushy and he had one and half pieces and just slid it away from him.   At the end of the meal our waitress brought us boxes and she seemed to intentionally overlook the fact that our plates were still full. Than came the bill...after tip it was a whopping $50 ....the only thing we got worth eating was about $6 so...we won't be going back. The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because they had TV's everywhere all playing different sports which was awesome. Also, the flat bread app was good...  * The waitress was bummed out about everything that happened and it bummed us out.
4 I guess Im lucky? We live near NNY so we eat there a few times a month. First off they now have sweet tea, thank you. The pizza is above average and they will bring you several different wing sauces if you ask. Josh was our waiter last time and he was amazing. I will be asking for him when I return. Can't complain, it's been good.
1 First time coming here and took an hour to get a burger on a weekday and after the first bite I find a long black hair cooked into the burger meat!
1 Waited outside for 45 minutes.  Then sat down at 2 tables for 12 people.  Drinks took 12 minutes and food took an hour and 10 minutes.  Food was terrible but the drinks were good.   Chicken wings were super small and the chicken strips were a dry batter and flat.  Only reason they were busy is because there are hardly any restaurants in San tan valley.  Cole slaw was awful as well.  Also when outside waiting they have no benches or misters.  And their was two pregnant woman there. Horrible experience i will never go back.
3 Good service but the wings are so oily. We used 10 napkins to squeeze the oil out of these things.   Maybe stand these things up and let them drain.
1 Once you park your car walk around the building to Freddie's Steakburgers instead. Great food, fun atmosphere!!! Sorry Native New Yorker but you guys failed me too many times...
2 I so, so....SO wanted to like this place. I literally live 4 miles down the road and it's pretty much the only place in the area with a decent bar. I also love supporting local businesses and want to see them thrive.  But alas, that hasn't been the case. Now, I can't blame the entire chain because I've been to other locations albeit going back a few years and I have friends that rave about their local store, so I can only guess it's the roll of the dice when you franchise, even at a local level.  To be fair, we've eaten at this location probably 5-6 times since it's been open, and while not every experience has been notably bad, none has stood out as a reason to return. That decision has been solely based on the fact that it's five minutes from my door. The biggest issue has definitely been the food. Several instances of receiving dishes hot on the outside and not-completely-thawed on the inside indicate that much of the menu is frozen and microwaved.....a common practice of casual dining I'm aware, but jeez, if you're gonna go that route, at least ensure that the food is heated properly. The wings, as has been mentioned is previous reviews are terrible. Flavorless, greasy, and fatty. BWW (the giant chain that it is) absolutely owns them on wings. Having hailed from a close proximity of NYC, I can attest that the pizza is not native of anywhere near there. :(  Service, at least after the typical awkward period when a new place opens in this bar/restaurant-starved area, has been admittedly pretty good, especially from the bartenders.  But that leads us to my final gripe, and what I feel would've been an easy way to redeem the shortcomings of the dining, the bar. The bar itself is simply too small and it's difficult to get a seat there, much less for two or more people. The surrounding bar area would typically handle this overflow, but they tend to just use it as regular seating when busy. I'm sorry, but when it's after 9 on a weekend night I don't expect to encounter screaming children in the bar area. If I wanted that I'd go to McDonald's. I've actually seen children AT the bar a few times when there was empty tables on the restaurant side......seriously?? In addition, the entire bar area is way too bright and could definitely benefit from a dimmer. I don't want to feel like I'm in a jewelry store when I go to a pub. Lastly, in this age of craft beer   renaissance, their tap selection is pretty pathetic, featuring (iirc) only one decent selection among a bunch of redundant mediocrity.   I do still have hope that perhaps it will improve, but sadly, it will likely take competition to make it happen since an ongoing history of negative reviews hasn't seemed to help....and in this area, it could take another five years till something else opens. For now, two stars for closeness and decent service.
1 I have tried this location 3 times to make sure they got a fair shake. The food here is terrible and the quality is a shade of what Native used to be able to offer. If you want good wings you will have to drive out of Santan Valley. Try Wingstop or ATL and you will be much happier. This Native really seems to have poor quality and a lack of management.
3 Well I have been to this native 3 times now first time was a few months after it opened and I heard alot of hype about it and the service and food was terrible, figured they where having a off day and gave them another shot and a huge fail.  This 3rd time we went to Don Pedros and I heard alot of good things and I wanted to do taco tuesday, Don Pedros is a waste the wait the nasty salsa bar and the fact that they don't acknowledge you.   I made a quick call asked if there was a wait at native and told the family we are trying them one more time, we where sat upon arrival, the waitress came and took our drink order shortyly after that she took our food order the apps came out quick and hot and not under or over cooked, main course came out and the burgers where hot and the wings where hot and perfect.  Our waitress was very attentive to our needs and kept the drinks full and never empty, I have no problem being that asshole and whistling or walking behind the serving station to fill my drink,   But spot on and we will return for another meal.
2 Typical bar food except it's not very good.
1 worst experience ever!!!! We waited 30 plus minutes for our food, the waitress "kept checking", when the food finally came, my burger was over cooked and dry. I said something and she said do you want me to put your order in again? I said no I'm not waiting another half hour for food. She said she told the manager (which I did see) the manager never once came to the table to apologize, did not offer to take anything off the bill. She just handed us the bill and I said your not even going to offer to take care of my burger? She said she's sorry, went to the manager again and then gave us the check with no discount. When I left I told the hostess what happened and she said, yeah management sucks here, that's why I put my two weeks in. If the franchise owner cares about this business at all you need to fire the skinny blond lady that is so called "manager"!!!
3 Was pretty excited to have NYY near me but this one something just didn't feel right. The staff is hit and miss and that's why it gets 3 stars. There is some bartenders/servers that care and wanna do a good job, but the place has plenty of others that give it a bad wrap. This is store specific because I have eaten at other stores and this is one of the worst. I will continue to eat at this place because the food is good and the location. It's just the service is coin flip of good and bad. I haven't had any horrible encounters that pop out, but I also don't have any "wow, this place is awesome let's close this joint down" type encounters. Food is a 4 and the service is so wishy washy that I can't leave any higher than a 3. Try it out for your own sake, but you could end up with one of the few servers that put forth he effort. Enjoy
2 Pretty boring inside and out, looks like a doctors office. The food is ok but every time I go it takes forever to come out. The wings are very small but good. Go here if you're into paying regular price for very small wings that look like they came from a bat or a bird not a chicken.
1 We have been there 3 times since it opened.  Will Never go again.  Last Visit wad me and my daughter. We waited an hour for food and finally had to FIND the waitress who wad it the side door with her friend.  She got or food and it was ice cold.  Manager dais they could re cook it.  Really?? We just waited am hour, seem our waitress once and I walked to the drink station and filed my own drink! What a shame
1 This,is,one of the most disgusting restaurants I have ever eaten in! the noise Level and the.lighting is.like eating in WalMart. The Chicken wraps and Burgers are obviously filled with soy and cheap seasoning. my family And I,went home quite I'll after feeling like we had just been inflicted With a case of mild food poisoning. IF YOU WANT BAD FOOD AND BAD SERVICE THEN THIS IS THE PLACE FOR,YOU.it seemed Very dirty inside and quite unsanitary. THE BATHROOMS WERE  disgusting. this is not a good sign. do not waste up money or time. you will be very disappointed.I will never return!
5 Great wings and good service. Me likes!
3 SLOW!! waited almost 45 min for my to go order. I was told it would only take 10-15 min.
5 Me and my wife love this place we always get good service everybody knows us talks to us its nice I like the environment food is delicious 5 stars
1 I've visited this place three times, and EVERY single time, the staff is ALL standing around the front area... gossiping, griping about customers, griping about new employees, etc. It's very unprofessional and a huge turn off. Tonight, they were complaining about "the new bus boy" and how he "doesn't clean the chairs off, at all, ever". I even posted a photo of them standing, backs to the door, gossiping about customers.  Server: Nicole Manager: Brooke (or Cope? It says Cope on ticket)  However, a friend asked me to give this restaurant one more chance, so I said sure! We came here to use our laptops for homework and writing (we heard they have fast wi-fi), and the staff was very rude. They put us in the front of the restaurant, even though we told them we'd be here a while, and then they complained after we were here for an hour. The place got kind of busy, but there were PLENTY of tables and booths open. So to sit here and have to listen to them complain about someone sitting here too long (we ordered several food items) is absolutely ridiculous.  When I stay at a place for more than an hour, I always leave a huge tip because I understand that I'm taking up a table. However, when the service is absolutely terrible, it makes it really difficult to do so.  P.S. Their chips suck, and have no flavor whatsoever. Their wings are fine, their mozzarella sticks are great (photo posted), but the service is what's going to make me never come back.
1 Not at all impressed. A friend and I were recommended this place because it has fast wifi. We went there to do homework and write, and let the server know we would be there for a while, hoping they could put us in the back and out of the way.   They put us right in the front. No problem, it wasn't very busy, right? Wrong. Even though there were PLENTY of areas to sit for incoming guests (not sure why there were any incoming guests, this place is awful), we could hear all of the front of house staff standing around the host stand blatantly bad mouthing us and complaining that we were there too long.   The thing that most upsets me is WHY offer free wifi if you are going to bash people who use it! Furthermore, once confronted, the server then came back and lied when we had CLEARLY heard her.   Don't bother going here. The food is decent (I really loved the mozzarella sticks) but the service is horrible and unacceptable. I'm sad that I'll never go back because those mozzarella sticks were amazing! Get it together Native New Yorker!
4 When this location first opened it was no good. It seems like they worked out most of the problems. The food is up to par with other locations.  I've never had an issue with the service. They have always been friendly and the food comes out hot and within good time. Reading the other reviews it sounds like the service problems were personal problems. If you're going to hold up a table for hours, I would talk bad about you, too. Those seats are their income, not your mom's kitchen table. Go to the library.
4 We've gone here twice. Overall the food is good, they make a mean Long Island!! Both times we had great servers. The first time we went, the place was pretty empty. Our server came over quickly, kept our drinks filled and was very friendly.   The second time we went on 35 cent wing night - much busier!! Our server made sure to check in frequently and gave us updates on the food. She was very friendly and it was a great experience for a busy night.   Is this the best bar food ever? No, but for a chain place, it was worth checking out!
