4 Saw there was a new nail shop right in the same spot as my old nail shop, and even though it was in the same spot, it didn't look the same, the new owners had remolded it completely. I love the new look, so I went in cuz I was in need of a pedicure before I hit the Vegas Strip, and they had a sign that was giving you 20% off your bill, oh yea I'm sold!  So I walked in and right away everyone was so friendly and welcoming, sometimes you're never sure how new shops are going to be, I scanned over the pricelist and thought I'm gonna go big and get a mani & pedi! Oh yea baby living it up!     The staff and owners were extremely nice, I enjoyed my overall visit, and I will be back, like I said I got the mani & pedi with designs for 46 bucks!  They are not the best at designs, but I figure with it being a new shop & new people that Im willing to give them a try and see how it goes on the designs! I like my toes to bling baby, so let's see how they do! Yes they have a new fan in me!
5 Go to Sarah Nguyen... You won't regret it!!! She does the best sculps in all of AZ!!!
5 Congrats Sarah on your new salon! (Sarah formerly Elite Nails) I am so proud of you and the place is amazing! My nails and toes look fabulous and of course my eye brows would die without you! I cannot wait to try your facial and other services!! Support this new Chandler/Gilbert salon you will be glad you did!
5 After a long day (which started out by dropping a full tea mug on my big toe and smashing it to bits), I thought that I *needed* a pedicure! I put them off until I wear close-toed shoes out of embarrassment. So a pedicure regular I am not. But I love them, and when you find a good one, you hug it and kiss it and call it George.   I yelped as I was in the parking lot, leaving work (parked, of course!), and found the reviews for Sky Nails. Since it's halfway between work and home, it seemed perfect! Threw the car in gear and headed out!  Walking in, it was calm and relaxing...no TVs blaring at you, and a nice, soft background of classical music wafting around.  And no smell of chemicals! Just a fruity scent that led me to believe I was going to enjoy my foot massage!  I relaxed in a chair, soaking my poor toes for a few minutes, and then Cindy came over...oh, Cindy! You're the best! I chose to do the all-out pedicure (hey, it was a rough day!), and she began to work her magic! Nails trimmed, calluses eradicated, leg masque, salt scrub, lotion massage, hot stones and hot towels...and a beautiful French pedicure! Cindy even picked out the exact polish I had thought about to add a little extra bling to my pedi. She's psychic as well as an amazing technician!  Check out was easy, but my only eyebrow raise came when the owner hollered out the amount of my tip to Cindy across the shop. Phew. Thank goodness I gave Cindy the very generous tip she deserved! And hey, maybe the other patrons will hear the amount I left and be equally kind to the hard working ladies and gentlemen helping them!  The biggest compliment I can give Sky Nails? When I head to work tomorrow, I am going to schedule a reoccurring appointment--out of office, away from desk, don't you dare call me or make my mobile buzz with e-mails--for Sky Nails every two weeks! It was that good!
4 Surprisingly this place is never busy. I often go right after work and never have a problem getting in and getting out. This location is newly remodeled with plush pedicure seats and very friendly staff. I usually just stick with my gel manicure, it's only $28 and it can last up to 3 weeks if your nails grow slow like mine. They don't speak much English here but even with the language barrier their friendliness is easily interpreted.
4 This place is a littel pricey but all totally worth it. One thing I tend to notice as far as nail places is if they can cut my toe nails correctly.  Unfortunately  the girl that did my toes that one time didnt. As far as full sets and designs they did awesome.  Sarah sculpted my nails beautifully and did awesome designs.
3 They do a great job on nails - mani/pedi/gels. Nice staff and the wait is never too long. Would recommend for nail service but NEVER for waxing services. Hands down the WORST wax I've ever had (extra painful, re-waxing over the same area over and over, stating that she wouldn't do a full wax because it was "too hard") - the girl seemed very unexperienced, andI had to have her stop before she could finish.  Although they do a great job with nails, the waxing experience was horrible and now I'll never go back there...
5 After having a horrid experience at another nail salon, I was pretty skittish when trying another one.  However, I'm so glad I did.  Sky Nails is one of the best in the business.  Sarah and Danny are always there so if there is a problem, it is taken care of immediately.  I've been going to Sky Nails for almost a year now.  I've yet to have a nail chip or break.  I go to Sarah for my nails and Tami for my pedicures.  Tami's foot massages relax you completely.  I like the fact that there's always relaxing music playing and the TV is usually on something to do with the ocean which is so calming.  Other's have tried to get me to go someplace else, and now I don't live right around the corner from the salon but I'll still drive past other nail places just to get the great service at Sky Nails.
5 I was very pleased with this place.  It had nice decor, nice atmosphere, they offered bottled water and were low key with the up selling.  I was on a time crunch and had to leave by a certain time.  They kept this in mind and had me done with a couple minutes to spare.  This was my first visit.  I received a pedicure for a very reasonable price and will be back next week for a manicure.
5 I love this place!!! I have been to so many nail places that suck and this place does such a great job every time. Their 15 dollar "mini pedicure" is better and more thorough than most places full manicures. They really take time on your feet and nails and their massage chairs are better than most! Tuesday and Thursday's they give you 20% off. So perfect. Wonderful!
5 The best nail salon ever! Elegant , relaxing , super clean, professional , great staff! The only place I will ever go ! Totally worth the drive from Gilbert.
3 I wandered here with my friend one fateful Friday afternoon and walked out with a gel mani, a pedi, and lash extensions.  While the service here is fast and friendly and the decor is nice and modern, the gel manicure I got was a bit on the thin side.  I'm not usually too hard on my nails but the gel and design was slowly chipping away after a week.  Other than that, my pedicure was great and the lashes looked amazing until I finally got annoyed by the weight and foreign-feeling of the extensions and rubbed them off with some eye make-up remover.  Not a bad little place if you need to glam up for a weekend.  The prices are pretty reasonable!
5 Love this place. Sarah does amazing nails! Love my pedicures, and gel nails, best place in chandler : )
5 I have finally found my new favorite salon!!! I am very particular and Danny was AWESOME! I got a new set of gel nails and a mini pedicure from Danny and they are both perfect. It was also great, he told me if when I get home something by chance just feels or looks off I can come back for free and he will fix it. ( no need for that though, they are wonderful.) But it was really nice to know. Everyone was smiling and service was great, I even got cold water. I will definitely return and I highly recommend you come to them too.
1 VERY disappointed with my experience. Went there with 2 of my girlfriends today. We made an appointment for 10:30 for 2 pedicures and one manicure. Not only did they not greet us when we came in, but we were left waiting for chairs for over 30 minutes. The salon wasn't even that crowded. It was not until 11:30 (one hour after our appointment and 30 min after my friends had been soaking their feet) that they finally came over and started to give one of my friends her pedicure. Mind you that was after we had to ask several times how long it was going to wait. I got to the point where I wasn't going to even bother with my manicure, but figured I may as well since one of my friends still hadn't gotten her pedicure. The owner of the salon was extremely rude and finally had me sit down for my gel manicure. However, he decided to start acryllics for a girl that had walked in AFTER US (with no appointment of course)- I wasn't going to say anything but my friend spoke up, so he stopped what he was doing and quickly removed my nail polished, filed a few nails and told me to sit with my nails under the UV lights and went back to the other girl without an explanation. Then another girl came up and started painting my nails- I think my 9 year old cousin did a better job- very unimpressed. She also hit my arm several times indicating that she wanted me to take the hand out of the UV light (I guess I'm supposed to read her mind). Oh and on top of this, my friend got stuck holding a 5 month old baby of one of the manicurists and one of their 3 year old sons was running around the studio and almost hit me in the head with his toy several times- I love children by the way- just not at the salon- those fumes can't be good for them to inhale. The 3 of us left VERY UNHAPPY with the service we received. You couldn't pay me to come back here! IF I COULD HAVE GIVEN IT ONE STAR I WOULD HAVE. SAVE YOUR MONEY & ESPECIALLY YOUR TIME!!!
5 Today I went back and I was helped by Sarah. Danny was awesome, but Sarah is who I will try to book from now on. She is so sweet and has an intense attention to detail. My nails look amazing and she even sealed under the ledge!! I have never gotten a fill and been able to keep clear coat on top because I have always seen the fill line. Sarah did such a great job I didn't need to get a color over. I am now reaffirming my decision to only come here!!
