3 So in a place (at least in this part of the airport) where your starting price for food is $9-10 for something awful, I figured $3 for a bagel with cream cheese wasn't a terrible idea.  Of course their bagel sandwiches start at 8...   If you can, go to Wendy's, I'm convinced it's the best option in McCarren.
4 Pretty good breakfast place in the B terminal of Mccarran.  The egg white asiago bagel sandwich with Swiss, mushroom, and asparagus was wonderful, and a bargain at under $6.  They also have cookies and a coffee station.  The vanilla-hazelnut soy latte is smooth and sweet.
2 My favorite items from Einstein's are their Paninis, but this location doesn't serve any!  If you like their bagels and beverages you're fine, but I was largely disappointed they did not serve my favorite item.  Also be careful at reading the directories when finding this stand, they say it's located in Concourse A, but I found it in B.  Get it together McCarren.
1 Had a layover in Las Vegas and immediately saw the Einstein Bagels outside the gate I arrived in. Was kind of in a rush to get to my connecting flight on the other side of the airport, but had time.   I ordered an everything bagel with plain cream cheese and tomato. I moved over to wait and watched as everyone that ordered before me and just after me received their orders. I went to the barista to get my order filled. She was very kind and walked to the bagel line to tell them what she needed. But she whispered something. Didn't sit well. First flag. When she gave it to me, she rolled up the bag though she hadn't done that for any of the other orders. Again, flag.  As I walked away I had the feeling that I should look in the bag, but didn't know where I was going and thought I should focus. Well, when I made it to my connecting gate, I was sorely disappointed to see that I had nearly NO cream cheese. Thinking that maybe they limit their cheese, I just started to eat is, but it was STALE! Not toasted... Like it was old...   Ruined my travel day. Already stressed and tired... Definitely didn't need that today. I don't recommend this stop. Go to Starbucks...
