5 Awesome Service cleaned my carpet so good left it looking like new ( dog owner) so this is not so easily achived also had a great price very happy will def call them back next time my carpet looks dredful hopefully not too soon :-)
5 Found Done Your Way LLC carpet cleaning on Groupon.  I checked out their website and Facebook and it showed that they also did tile/grout cleaning too.  I called and made an appointment with Stuart (Manager/Owner) for the following Tuesday at 9am.  He showed up right on time and proceeded to look at my house and gave me an estimate.  My carpet and tiles were just dirty from being a bachelor and having pets.  Stuart explained to me what it needed and I asked him to quote me on the tile cleaning and re-seal.  My tiles needed help since I have not professionally cleaned them since the house was new (8 years old). The carpet was also original and had not been cleaned in 3-4 years.  Stuart gave me a price of $150 (5 rooms plus stairs and hallway) for my carpets and $350 for the tiles (only .50 cents a foot for cleaning and re-seal).  After a little negotiating He gave me a better deal and I was exited to get the floors cleaned.  Stuart pretreated my carpets and proceeded to clean them.  I had a couple of friends  along with Stuart help move all the furniture out my rooms (couple of rooms were already empty).  Stuart was more then happy to help us move furniture which is awesome!!!.  I have a few bad areas and Stuart brought in his RX20 cleaning machine at no extra charge for the heavy soiled areas.  All in all my, carpets came out nice and I was satisfied with the results.  Stuart even showed me how dirty my floors were when he emptied the cleaning machine.  The water was dark and dirty almost like grey mud.  Now here is where the 5 star comes in.  My tiles and grout became brown and dirty from years of neglect.  I watched Stuart take his time and pretreat the tiles and hand brush the grout to loosen up the dirt.   He then used his hi pressure/ high heat cleaner on every inch of my tiles and grout.  As soon as he worked his machine over it I can see all the dirt being heated and lifted off the tiles. I was just amazed because it came like new.  My grout was actually beige when it was new and how it's new again.  I couldn't believe how well it came out.  I should have done this a long time ago.  My floors actually looks new now.  All in all, I felt Stuart took his time, was honest and really took pride in his work.  He worked non-stop for 4 straight hours to get my house clean again.  He didn't charge me extra for a lot of things that other companies would have (pre-treat, moving furniture, rx20 machine etc).  He also took the time to tell me what I needed to use and do to keep them clean.  I would recommend Done Your Way LLC to anyone that needs their flooring cleaned at a good price and honest reliable service.
5 Did a really great job highly recommended. Very low prices and they get back to you fairly quickly.
