1 The auto glass company that is set up here is super shady. They rescheduled our appointment 4 times and still never showed up. We finally had to cancel our order. Not happy at all. Stay away!!
4 these guys are hit and miss and I've seen both ends of the spectrum. usually everybody there's real friendly but the glass chip guys are like buzzards. I got a nice car so I expected to be taken care of, so I guess my car gets treated a little better than the 1984 chevy blazer, but the times when they are done and I still see glaring issues is really annoying- yet they'll still take care of it. but i'll always go back here. and if you're into lame forearm tribal tattoos, I think that's part of the interview process that you must have them if you want to work there
5 I love this car wash.  Very friendly employees and the prices are so reasonable for their detail work.......you don't even have to make an appointment - just get up early and it's first come first serve on detailing.  We do all three of our vehicles there, plus the horse trailer which looks stunning after they are done with it.
1 Worst experience ever. Not only did they do a terrible job, they made me argue with them for 30 minutes to get them to HONOR their own coupon they sent me in the mail!  Would not, and will not recommend them to anyone.
3 They do an average job.  Sometimes they get very busy though.  I pulled right up last time I was there and didn't have to wait at all to pull into the car wash, but when I pulled around to the drying station, it was packed!  I think I waited about 40 minutes.  They seem to always have coupons on their website and I just bought a 90 day unlimited car wash pass off Groupon for $33.  Great deal!
1 Simply Put: If you want someone to really wash your car, take it anywhere, but Full Circle.  For my first (and last) time at Full Circle, I went on a Saturday morning. I pulled up and there is no one in sight. I wait and finally a guy comes out. The next few minutes are him being super pushy about my windshield needing to be repaired (it was replaced just over a year ago so shut up), my headlights need to be polished, my seats and mats need to be cleaned (no, they actually don't). I told him during the course of his spiel that I was going to Tucson and was on a tight schedule, but this didn't get him to shut up and stop wasting my time. FINALLY we get down to the important details. I tell him I want the premium wash because I had a coupon for $10 off.  Then I was directed to drive myself through the car wash. WTH?! What kind of wash costs $24.99 normally and you have to take yourself through the wash. Which, by the way, didn't work and I had to go through a second time.  Then came the hand-drying and greasing up of the interior. That part seemed fine until I drove off in to the glaring sun and saw what an incredibly shoddy job they did of cleaning my windows. I kid you not: there were wet smears from the towels all across my windshield which made it nearly impossible to see in the glare from the sun.  The interior windows weren't much better and the backseat windows weren't even cleaned at all - they still had the smears from my dog wet-nosing them.  The creases in my seats weren't even vacuumed out! My trunk was completely ignored.   I can't imagine paying $24.99 for this joke of a car wash! Even at the discounted $14.99, I feel ripped off.
3 My first time here today so I hope to bring my other car soon and will have a fair assessment of their service.  Came on a Wednesday at 3pm, there was only 1 car ahead of me in the car wash, and about 4-5 vehicles getting finished afterwards, so not too busy at all...  Was offered a special on their Full Service wash/wash/interior detail the wash was free and to come back and get it done later. I opted to just try a regular wash to start and see how their service was. I didn't get talked into any glass repair, oil change, or other services which is nice since I hear that other reviews were being sold such services.  I was told there was no need to tip any of the guys, but I did feel compelled to tip the kid who finished off my car, as I watched him and he did a good job.  Car looks great, especially since it had been about 1 month since I washed it, and I just moved/drove here from Northern California so it was pretty dirty and covered in bugs.  Inside waiting room was okay, felt a little warm. There was coffee, water, a fish tank, and some tv''s.  Note- my car is lowered about 1.5" and on 18"s and I barely fit onto the track, but once I was on it didn't scrape at all. They offered to hand wash it in case it didn't clear.
1 I took my car there for $149 detail! They told me it would take 2-3 hours, not a problem! I picked up the car and they did a good job! I tipped the guy $20 and drove home.  It wasn't until I drove to work Monday that I realized several of my personal belongings were missing! Still not a problem....I will stop by on the way home!  So Monday afternoon I stopped by and now there was a problem! Nothing of mine in their lost and found!  I went home and my husband called to talk with the manager, who was not there....so he requested for him to return his call the next day!  Never heard from the manager! But what really got me was Thursday when I filled up for gas I went to get some spare change for a soda that I keep in the car and it was gone! I called the car wash and spoke with the manager, Steve, about my experience!  He took down my name & phone #, told me he wanted to do some investigating and would get back to me.......haven't heard a word!  So if you want your cleaned and cleaned out, this is the place to go!
1 Sunglasses were stolen out of the glovebox. The onsite manager and KIDS that washed my car gave me attitude about it afterwards. Cops came. Still no sunglasses. Best part, their Corporate VP offered me free car washes as the "best they could do" even after admitting to me he'd never go back to a place that stole from him! AVOID FULL CIRCLE CAR WASH AT ALL COSTS!!!
1 Terrible, my car isn't what I'd call clean. Something I expect after a trip to the car wash. First, has to go through a pressure to get more services than I wanted. Annoying, but much less so than a dirty car after a wash. There is visible dirt on my bumper and the interior was sloppily vacuumed.  My floor an seats still have bits of grass and other particulates. Don't go here if u want a clean car when u leave.
3 As other people have said the service here is hit or miss.  Like other car washes they try to up sell you other services and yes they have a windshield salesman there who tries to get you to repair any chips you have.  Just an average car wash but the kids do enjoy being able to stay in the car as it goes through the car wash.
3 I walk out to my truck after a long day at work.  As I approach I think to myself, maybe even partially out loud due to my spreadsheet coma, "WOW that is one dirty truck."  I notice all the bug carcasses stuck to the grill and windshield, the thick coating of valley fever harboring dust brought on by the relentless Sonoran Desert winds, the yellow bits of "pollen" the hardy mesquite trees like to disperse as said relentless winds blow, and finally the greatest gift given to a vehicle...the dreaded bird bombs.  I wake up the next morning and decide I should wash my truck, only one problem...I am not really feelin' it this morn.  I make a decision I rarely make, I go to the car wash.  Now, I usually wash my own vehicles so this full service car wash thing is new to me.  In the beginning all seems well, I ask "what is the difference between the works and the VIP wash?"  The reply, "The VIP is better" WOW, MOM.  Thanks for your insight, it was hugely appreciated.  I remember I have a coupon and show it to him on my phone, he actually asks me to and watches me delete it...umm I can download it again from the interwebz.  Anyway, I digress.  The wash went well until the dryer.  The air was blowing so fast that the hood was bowing and a piece of trim popped loose.  When all was said and done the manager did come over and put it back in place, I figured it wasn't broken and just wanted it snapped back in place.  When he is finished he tells me I should put a piece of tape on it so this doesn't happen, all the while I am looking at bug remnants in the grill of my truck.  In conclusion, I am at home looking at bug remains on the grill and for goodness sakes...there is still some bird bomb on the windshield.  While my truck is definitely cleaner, I usually do a bit better job in my driveway...at least on the grill.  Bottom line: The price was reasonable, the service and the wash was average.  Would I go back?  Probably not, i just won't be so lazy next time.  By the way, there was no attempt for an up-sale this time.
5 Great place to get your car or truck washed. My car is clean and friendly people. I recommend this car wash to all my friends.
5 Best place to come get your car clean! Kuddo's to the team!
1 I went to your Southern and Power location on Friday 9/13 to have my car washed and within 5 minutes of driving up you had lost a paying customer. There were no other customers there so it leaves me to wonder how many customers are lost from LOUSEY customer service. I understand the desire in business to upsell, I get it...but not at the expense of sounding like the other services offered are horrible and not worth the money. I pulled up and asked the prices (since no one was there I was waved forward before having a chance to see them). Of course he tried selling me the $119 job to buff out a scratch and I declined. I asked the prices of normal car washes and he started telling me prices and what they entailed. I said I would take the V.I.P and your employee proceeded to tell me the interior protectant with the V.I.P would just be covering the dirt and look tacky. I said "are you telling me the interior doesn't get cleaned??" He said, not to where it wont be covering dirt and looking tacky.... Sooooo, I asked them to shut my doors so I could leave. Who in their right mind would spend $20 to have their car "cleaned" in such a manner? Not Me!
2 Biggest problem here is inconsistency. Have been half a dozen times, and 50% of the time your car is still dirty. Price is higher than most full service washes. They also have huge markups on air filters, in cabin filters and everything else they try to sell you. Example, in cabin air filter for $30. Went to auto parts store (which is accross the parking lot) after wash and bought one for $15. Basic oil change is 39.99. Danny's on gilbert and Germann changes 29.99. Both with a free wash included.  If you're in a rush, it will do, just don't expect a clean car every time, and be careful buying the "extras".
2 Oil changes are double the price of Fletcher's which is very near by. I tried using a competitor coupon and was denied. They are very overpriced here with zero chance at savings.
1 Visited 1/3/14  This is the worst car wash around!!  I have been several times. Each time I go I swear I won't go back. And then several months later convince myself to give it another chance.   On this last visit, I tried again. Convinced myself that it would be better.   After I drove away and got into the sun where I could see the interior, it was obvious they have not improved. Dash as smeared with treatment. Windows were horrible, almost like they used the same cloth as they used on the interior.  I spent an hour cleaning windows and re-doing areas after I got home.   I have also had similar experiences of pushy glass repair people as indicated in other reviews.   Unfortunately, there are very few options.  But my suggestion is to either do it yourself or drive the extra time to a better location.
1 Warning, Do Not Buy Groupon...Spent $25.00 for six "elite" car washes at Full Circle Car Wash.  The first one,  the car was cleaned inside and out.  But wash 2-6, was exterior water only,  no wiping.  I can go down the street and run my car through a wash and get wet and wiped down for less...A giant rip off!!!  I have gone "full circle", alright!!!  Never again will I go to that misleading, ELITE car wash or use Groupon...(Hey Groupon check the quality of what you sell...)
1 I've been here a few times because it's so close to my house but it's really not very good at all and has damaged my interior paint. They have several people who come up to you and try to pressure you replace your windshield if you have a chip, they guy who you purchase your wash from makes me uncomfortable and the washes aren't great. On my most recent visit, they used some type of cleaner on my interior door panel that actually took the paint off!! I didn't realize it until a few days later. Now one of my door panels is half stripped of paint and looks awful!
