2 Well I finally tried this place with a friend of mine. I was kinda interested to see how this would go since I saw that it had opened. They let you choose your own soup base, the type of noodle and the "toppings" you want. Well I didn't really know what to pick. I didn't any explanations as to what kind the soup bases were; I had to google them on my phone. And for me, the soup base is the most important part so I know what sort of toppings I wanted. So, I sort of just winged it. While my friend went with one of their soups from the menu.  Well, his soup was served first and upon looking at it, it looked like it was lacking, just things in general and was getting worried about mine, which came out a few moments afterwards. Looking at mine and looking at his, I found mine to be very full - full of noodles, veggies and toppings while his, well as stated, was lacking. Well, I can't say I loved my soup. I found it missing something, maybe if I knew more about their soups bases, I might have been better equipped to make choices. The soup didn't suck, but it wasn't as awesome as I wanted it to be.   I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon, but I'd probably try it again to see if it gets better.
2 Fish broth soup with fish flavored bean curd and tendon.  Broth OK but nothing special.  I do like the fact that they don't use MSG.  Hardly any tendon, and what there was of it was not at all good.  Didn't taste any of that fish flavor in the bean c.   It's not as bad as a 2 sounds...more like a 21/2, but there's a lot of competition around here.
3 Went to Deer Garden Signature last night with my wife for dinner.  We had just returned from our Labor Day Week trip.    I ordered a fish soup with dumpling, fish balls, and Korean crystal noodles.  My wife ordered preserved pork in a clay pot.    The preserved pork in clay pot did not seem to interest me.  To me it looked like sausage with rice, and nothing particularly interesting.  The soup was actually pretty good.  My wife and I liked it much better.    The only thing we think they could have done better is the following:  My wife and I were not exactly familiar with the style of food.  My wife is Vietnamese.  Maybe as part of the banner for the restaurant they should put Guandong Style Cuisine under the name.    Otherwise the food is pretty good.    Rahul Iyer
4 Great price for a bowl of hot noodle soup with tea or coffee! Also interesting menu - you build your noodle soups by picking your meat/soup/noodles.  I have been eating here weekly for 2 months now and their food have improved over time. I had my doubt at the very beginning when the milk tea tasted like lipton tea with creamer. Now it is much better!  The only complaint I have is the place needs more A/C for serving hot noodle soup in AZ summer.
3 Been here several times, with some things quite good,  and others more like an aquired taste.   Menu is small,  mainly soups and a few baked rice bowls.  There's a pick it youself soup menu, with different soup base types, noodle and topping choices.  If you are not used to asian fish broths,  they can be a little too fishy for the average (non-asian) person.   They do have a Hong Kong style wonton soup that I think is quite excellent.   Big bowl of wontons, with a good amount baby bok choy.  A meal in itself.  Won tons are both meaty (pork and shrimp)  and flavorful, and in a nice chicken stock based broth.  I think the best won ton in Phoenix area that I've found so far.  Also tried some of the rice bowls,  and thought they were good too.  One was with mini spare ribs in a black bean sauce, and another had chicken and black mushrooms.  Both also had bok choy.  Included with the rich bowls, is a small bowl of fish broth that you're supposed to use after you eat the meat ect, and use at the end for the rice that is stuck to the sides of the bowl.  Kinda like a rice soup at the end.  Again,  it has a very strong fish flavor,  so may not appeal to non-asian  pallate.  But after a few spoonfuls, it seems less fishy and quite good.   Definatley great place to get my won ton fix.
4 I was warned to go here.. so i stayed away, but i am thinking they thought it was still the previous restaurant.  My experience was great, the ordering system is pretty cool: you pick your soup base, noodles, and ingredients. try to order the basics, adding too much into your soup will complicate it.  oh and it comes with a drink, get the coffee.
5 this is one the favorite restaurant in arizona.  if you like hot noodle soup, this is the place.  you get to choose from a variety of soup base, then you get to pick 2 main ingredients ($1 for the 3rd ingredient and so forth) and there are 6-8 different kinda noodles you get to choose from!  my daughter loves its chiu chow soup base and me is fish soup base.  expect a big bowl of noodles filled w/mushrooms, tofu skin, naper, and cilantro.  yum and healthy!  no msg and not salty soup base.  average cost for our family of 3 is about $25-30.  :)  update (june 18, 2014): dg is still one of our favorite restaurant.  we always bring our out-of-town guests here and they are impressed w/the soup noodles (most of our guests come from chicago).  just beware of the the slow service when most patrons come at the same time...because they have a small kitchen (a waiter shared this information to us).  the last table has to wait a long time before your orders are prepared.  highly recommend... 1. the szechuan spicy soup base if you enjoy spicy food 2. hk style wonton is one of the best we have ever had 3. desert wongs with ginger (my kid's favorite) 4. try the clay pot rice!  our favorite is squid, minced pork, and preserved vegetable  conclusion: we love this place so much that we don't mind the once-in-a-while wait or "bad" service.
5 Great fish soup and reasonable price
3 My husband and I decided to try this new restaurant for dinner last night.  I thought the concept of a build your own noodle soup was interesting and was anxious to try it.  I had the chouchou (spelling?) broth, while he had the spicy thai one.  Mine was pretty good, if you enjoy a fish broth.  His was very spicy.  We also tried the fried fish and fried pork chops.  Both were kind of bland and mediocre.  I wish they included pictures or more descriptive explanations of what the broths were because we had a hard time choosing without knowing what exactly we were ordering.  Overall, the price point is decent, the food is not disappointing nor spectacular, and the service was friendly.  I would recommend trying it, but just don't expect too much.
5 If you love soup dishes and want a great deal on ramen, this is the place for you. Food is always good, the staff is always friendly, and plenty of choices. Plus they are right across from the building they are moving coffee, tea, and snow into, which is a great place to grab a cool treat. So all in all 1 star for location, 2 stars for food, 1 star for service, and a final star for choices and price.
4 This is my eight year old's favorite restaurant in the whole world because she loves their noodles (the spaghetti noodles, with chicken broth and meatballs).  I like it very well too.  It is clean and relatively quick.  The location is great, in an Asian mall with a dry foods store, bakery, shaved ice store, and more.  The chicken broth based soups are excellent.  Some of the other broths are too intense for me.  The dumplings they use are wonderfully flavorful, but no surprise, all the ingredients I've had have been good.  The dandan noodles had a good flavor but were much too "all one flavor".  The deep fried chicken wings were delicious.  The meat was tender and the battered skin was very crisp.
4 Trang, I don't know what you're talking about. I can't live without this place. The Malay is liquid gold.
4 Very tasty tomato and pumpkin broth. Huge portion. Could only eat half. Love how you custom order. Service is quick. Milk iced tea is gooood.
4 A hidden treasure in the area, my wife and I decided to try this place out after seeing the menu on the wall.   Our fish soup that was given to us was delicious. You could really taste the fish and thank you for not just making a soup with just a powder base.   Secondly we ordered the Preserved Meat Clay Pot (extra crispy make sure to request for that). It was delicious, obviously not the healthiest thing, but tasty nonetheless. It does take awhile to make and they warn you (25 minutes), but it's worth the wait. The rice comes out nice and crispy and the preserved meat give the rice and veggies a wonderful taste.  Overall, will definitely come back.
3 Alright so I've been here before, usually the food is actually pretty decent. But the service was pretty lackluster. Like I have no complaints about the food, but  we asked for water at the beginning of meal we finally got the waters after asking 3 times. you shouldn't have to ask for water more than once. Especially did you ask water right when you make your order.
3 The soup base was good. The noodles were good. Overall, the meal was good. I really like how you can customize your bowl of noodle soup. I got the Korean noodles and spam and brisket toppings with Malay soup base. It was delicious.  Price is comparable to pho or other ramen shops so it's not like you are doing something more expensive than usual. This place can add variety to your diet or restaurant choices!  I like that there were TVs and I was able to watch the games. Although the service was a little lacking. There weren't any servers. More like there were a bunch of college kids hanging out and they happened to be also bringing food and water to you and pretending to be servers.  Oh yeah, they should also mark on their menu what is spicy and what is not. Too bad they don't so beware!
2 Soup was ok, but took over an hour for soup during a Friday lunch. My wife had to skip out on most of her meal.  The selection was pretty interesting, though.  The flavor was good, but not great. I may try once more, but my wife certainly won't.
1 The food are good but the service was bad .Some of the waitress always been on the phone or not even take care of the table .This is the first restaurant have a worst service in AZ.
3 The food here is always good, however the servers are often impolite and rude. There is always an issue with our order and bill, and when we ask the server to correct they have an attitude.
