5 This is a "quaint" and charming American-style restaurant tucked away in the heart of Del Webb's Sun City, a "golfcart friendly" retirement community that is part of Summerlin, Nevada.  (As information, "Summerlin" was the maiden name of Howard Hughes' mother, and Mr. Hughes was the one who originally conceived of this Las Vegas suburb.)  For a tiny place, it has a HUGE menu and extremely friendly folks, such as André, Oscar and Carlos (three of their terrific servers).  It's both casual and intimate, plus, most of all, QUIET.  One can take their time and enjoy breakfast or lunch in easygoing surroundings that are conducive to relaxed conversation.  So, what about the food?  It's almost as good as the service.  I had the Denver Omelet, hash browns, American potatoes also, sourdough toast and iced tea.  My buddy (also retired) enjoyed some of their awesome blueberry pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage links and TWO servings of hot chocolate with whipped cream on top (and chocolate "sprinkles").  Both of us can certainly recommend the food, as well as the ambiance.  They're open daily (7 AM - 3 PM) or Saturdays & Sundays (7 AM - 2 PM).  It's my guess that you'll enjoy your visit, and you'll become a "regular," if you live in (or frequent) that area.
2 Costco business center food.  Just your very basic breakfast at a decent price.
5 My family and I went to eat breakfast there this morning and we were all very impressed! The food was amazing. Things like chicken enchilada omelette, the best burger. They make their own ground beef! The chef Andre is fantastic. Reasonable prices, especially for the quality of the food. We will definitely be back!!
5 Man what services and , homely first name bases makes it so AWSOME , what a diamond in the ruff this place is a MUST
5 Awesome mom and pops joint! Great service! Not to mention the food was amazing. I am a Vegan and they completely customized my meal to cater to my needs. I will definitely be back! Check it out :-)
1 Decent at best. Got pulled into this place because it had 5 stars. Turns out it was only reviewed by one user (probably the owner). I'm fixing that. Not a bad place but not a great one either. Probably on the lower end of the spectrum.
5 I love this place! Never felt more at home at a restaurant... The food is incredible! I loved the chicken and waffles! Service was great and servers were very personable. I will definitely be back!
5 LOVE this place! This is hands down my favorite spot for a weekend brunch. With great food, extremely friendly staff, and a pet-friendly patio, this is a weekend staple!
5 Amazing food & service love it :)
4 This was our second visit to Sun City cafe. It only got better the second time around.  We all had breakfast and the service was attentive and friendly and the food so far a cut above any other better known places for breakfast in the area.  Since Sun City is a retirement community so all of the items have mild salsa since most seniors don't like spicy food.   But there spicy salsa was divine.   I had the jalapeno omelet and we also had pancakes and another omelet.   Everything was made fresh, served hot and with warm friendly service.  Ask for the spicy salsa on the side or tell them to make it spicy.  Forget Babystacks, The Cracked Egg and IHOP or denny's.  This is the place to go. The menu is large, breakfast is served all day and you can actually sense the pride they have.  It seems family run but I could be wrong.  They even stock flavored creamers and will ask you which ones you want.  the coffee was nothing to brag about though.    They have inside and outdoor seating, lots of parking and yes even golf cart accessible.  This will become our standard place when we want to go out for breakfast.  We will have to try their lunches next.
5 I've eaten breakfast here a few times. It is always fresh and the menu offers a lot of variety.  The service is great - super friendly and helpful.   A MUST if you want fresh, yummy and casual atmosphere!
3 Most of our hiking group got together on Friday for breakfast and Sun City Café was recommended by one of our group who had been here and they knew they could handle a group our size (11 or 13 this time--I didn't take roll).  The server was good enough to ask if we wanted separate checks and he did that for each and every one of us--above and beyond!    I ordered the special of the day which was a Tex/Mex kind of omelette made with pulled pork and topped with salsa verde and some tortilla strips.  You had a choice of hash browns or breakfast potatoes with onions and peppers.  I went with the breakfast potatoes.  Some in the group subbed fresh fruit for potato and toast.  I had rye toast.  The omelette was OK.  Even though the kitchen was busy with our orders and the other customers, the wait was not long.  It wouldn't have mattered as we were engaged in good conversation and much kidding.    The restaurant is a very pleasant place and I'm sure I'll be back in the future.  There were some pancakes on the menu that sounded great!
5 Wonderful breakfast café! My family and I come every Sunday! Great food, staff, and service!
5 Great staff! Great food! Comfortable environment! You should try the homemade pancakes! They are delicious! My husband had the protein omelet and he liked that too
3 Underrated cafe...  Sun City Cafe is located in the retirement community of Sun City along Del Webb Blvd in Summerlin.  Las Vegas has an interesting array of cafés, ranging from the outlandish to the plain old dumpster dive that you would see on Tv getting closed down. Sun City Cafe is neither outlandish nor a a dump. This is your local cafe that mom and pop would come to.  The times that I have come here I've never had a single complaint. The service is always great, the staff have always been friendly and kind. Comparing to cafés cracked egg etc lines are usually non existent, except Maybe on Sunday afternoons, there are quite a few churches in Sun City.  The recommendations from here would be the French Toast, I found it to be quite tasty. General menu items have a variety of options on the menu from Burgers to vegetarian meals. I never did see a stand out or signature dish that screamed off the page but the menu has something for everyone. Decent service, with decent food.  Overall  Price: $$ Food: 3-5 Drink: 3-5 Come back: yes
4 My 1st visit here. Grabbing a quick brunch with my adult daughter, son, & daughter in law. Cheerful  service, flexible menu, comfortable seating. Bright well-lit dining area. Our server said their lunch specialty was burgers, & that they ground their own meat& the burgers were tender & juicy. I, however am not a burger person, so I ordered the BLTA with sweet potato fries. It was delish! Awaiting their meals now.... mmmmm, looks, smells & apparently tastes great! The teriyaki grilled chicken w/ side of fruit, a winner, as were the scrambled eggs & pancakes. All cooked to perfection!
