5 I took my dog Lola in to get her shaved because she was shedding really bad. I got her in right away which was nice, and when I walked in it was really clean and looked organized. Lola is a little scared when it comes for me to leave, but thats normal for any dog. I dropped her off around 9:45 and I got a call to come pick her up around 12:15. I had a strange request for them to shave Lola to have a mohawk from her head to her tail. Lola looks great needless to say and my stylist was Jesse. They did an ear cleaning, gave her a bath, shaved her, and trimmed her nails for $50. One of the cheaper salons and they do an excellent job, even for my strange request. :) I also like that they don't put the dogs in kennels, instead that have gated areas for them to move around a lot more. I am going to bring in my other dog next week and I am really excited that I found somewhere great to take my dogs. :)
5 Our experience was amazing! We didn't have an appointment, and they still took us immediately back to get our puppies nails clipped! The staff was extremely helpful and friendly! I'd recommend this place, and I'll definitely be back again!  -Emmy & Lottie
5 We've been taking our 1 year old Golden Retriever, Jake,  here occasionally for the past 7 months.  We LOVE that this is a cage-free place, and that our puppy is not locked in a  cage all day. There are often several dogs that Jake gets to play with and we love that they take pictures of him and his doggy friends and post them on their facebook page. We are able to watch him 24/7 on a live webcam and we get daily report cards of how he behaved and how much fun he had. They do have some doggy toys here, but mostly Jake loves to play with the other dogs. They recently lowered their pricing and added Sundays to their availability. We sometimes take Jake here just so he can play with the other dogs. It is his home away from home!
5 We can't say enough good things about the staff Villa La PAWS.  When Dad had to go into assisted living, we had to board his dog Charley here for an extended period. The staff, the facility, everything was great & took a big load off our minds.  Getting the emailed "report cards" was great so we could show Dad that Charley was doing well. They even worked really hard to help find Charley a permanent home - way above & beyond what we expected   I think I can best sum it up like this: they care as much about your pet as you do, and that's awesome.  Thank you to everyone at Villa La PAWS!
4 This place was terrific.  I'm not a fan of kennels in general.  But we needed to use one during the holidays.  The staff was very helpful and truly seemed to like dogs.  I love the fact that they have webcams throughout the facility.  I also love that there is someone there 24/7--most kennels don't have over night staff.  Our dog came home happy and that's what matters.
5 I tried this place for the first time today and I will definitely go back. The location is very convenient for me, it's a good value, and they started working on him as soon as I handed over the leash. For $25 (my dog is only 15 pounds so it may be more for larger dogs) they gave him a bath and brush, nail trim, and expressed his anal glands. The fact that the glands are a standard part of the service is what sold me. It's what I needed for my dog the most and I have never had to take him before so I was happy to see that it would be no extra cost and no extra hassle for them. I like that they don't put the dogs in cages so my dog got to play with the other dogs there until I came to get him. I'm happy I found this place and will recommend it to others.
5 This place is amazing.  My dogs know when we pull around the corner that they get to go to Doggy Disneyland.  They LOVE playing with the other dogs in a clean, disease-free environment and all the dogs are well loved and screened first to make sure they get along with other dogs.  Barney and Coco come home exhausted, after a day of play (ball-throwing, swimming, playground equipment, romping with other dogs) and always look forward to their next visit.  I love that they are cage-free and we have also used them for overnight boarding when we have to go out of town.  I HIGHLY recommend this facility!
5 I have been boarding my dogs at Villa La Paws for over 5 years now, and they LOVE coming here!  To be honest, once they figure out they are going here, and not to the vet, they get excited and happy.  While they are being boarded, they get far more playtime than they do at home, because there are more playmates, both canine and human.    And speaking of humans, I have noticed over the years that, while this is indeed a business, and therefore exists to make money, the people who work at Villa La Paws are not working here ONLY for the money-- they love dogs, and it shows in how they take care of my furry family members.  That means a lot to me, especially as my dogs get further and further into their senior years, and need more care and special attention.  It also shows in the various community programs they support, and in the various community service providers with whom they work.  I highly recommend Villa La Paws, and expect to board my pets here for however long I still live in the Valley of the Sun.
5 This is how day care should be - big outdoor space, lots of playground equipment, indoor facilities, and one tired puppy dog when you pick her up! There are true dog people working for this great lil gem. All of them friendly and kind to my girl :)
5 Love this place!  My little chi, Moe, has been going there for the past month or so and it's been wonderful.  I love that when I call to schedule him for day camp or boarding they immediately know which dog he is and express their excitement that he'll be coming.  Moe has some attachment issues and likes to be near people constantly and they're fine with that.  In fact, they even seem to love it rather than being annoyed by it.  I love that they do the initial temperament test to make sure he'll do well there and that they have webcams running 24/7 that I can view on my phone.  The fact that he can run free and play (or climb in a lap!) all day is great!  I also really like that he's with dogs of all sizes and not separated into groups based on size like so many other facilities.  The report cards that are sent promptly at the end of each day and the pics on Facebook are all extra perks offered at Villa La Paws that make the experience of trusting them with your dog even easier.
4 I have boarded my cats here twice, and I have nothing but good things to say about the staff at Villa. They are clearly animal people. The first time I used them, I only had one cat, and the staff were almost more interested in meeting him than they were in meeting me! The cats get their own space (away from the dogs), get petted and played with several times a day, and they feed them according to your directions. There's a cat who lives on the premises, so clearly it's a cat-friendly environment. When we picked up our kitty, he was as happy and healthy as he was when we dropped him off. We don't have any dogs, but all the dogs there also seem super happy. When you love your animals like family, you want to leave them with people who will treat them as well as you do - and at Villa La Paws, they do!
5 Villa la Paws is amazing. Our 6 month old puppy has both been in daycare as well as boarded here and he loves it, he comes home all worn out from such a fun day. When we get there in the mornings, he cannot wait to go in and play with all the other dogs. They truly are awesome!
