4 the mocha's just okay-bitter. bill came to £6+ with 4 mini macaroons which were pretty good
3 I was pretty excited (and quite surprised) when two Valeries opened in Edinburgh - I knew them well from Old Compton St and Marylebone High St in London - both long established establishments as I understand. Though normally I would be found in Maison Betaux in Greek Street when in Soho  ... I have mainly visited the Rose St branch at which I have taken to stopping at for a coffee and occasional croissant before work. Initial thoughts: - great airy space strongly benefiting from the french doors opening on to Rose Street - which needs all the help it can get (see below!) - early morning views of the street crammed with loading lorries and other traffic not that great on a "pedestrianised" street (don't event get me started onCastle Street!) - love the brown and beige vibe which totally reminds me of the main cafe I used to visit when I lived in Austria! - staff have been lovely each time I have been in including when I had forgotten my wallet and was short of cash by £1! - coffee: great - excellent latte - pretty strong (no flat whites: too modern?!) - I have also had a pretty good croque monsieur and a good chocolate éclair. - croissants: ummm, a but disappointing - have tried at least 3 times but none of them tasted that fresh making me wonder if they had been baked some time earlier and delivered or even dated from the day before. Also (and note to all cafes in Edinburgh!) not a great idea to microwave any yeast/pastry-based product as I suspect had been done to my almond croissant! - Also popped into North Bridge branch for an iced coffee (sold out) and some take away cakes - felt pretty overheated and airless although was a hot day; also disappointed at the Black Forest gateuax unfortunately especially having experienced Falkos. Sponge seemed dry, almost mass produced, and no taste of kirsch! Nonetheless, feel they are a very welcome arrival in two streets which need a bit of brightening up and the window displays definitely do that. May be if the comments on here are taken on board they can up their game for 3 stars! My Yelp research tells me that the two London branches I mentioned have better reviews that Edinburgh -so far.
3 What is it about this place that makes it so middling? On the plus side, the waitress we had was very pleasant. On the negative side, the layout of the place wasn't well considered - long queues for takeaway getting muddled up with folk wanting to sit in, difficult to move for bodies etc etc. Also, the cake wasn't very good.  I ordered one of the £4+ cakes - the chocolate mousse. It was distinctly average. The size was impressive, but it didn't have much in the way of taste or ambition to be honest. They are all pre-wrapped so despite looking yummy must be bussed in from some factory somewhere and not made on the premises.   Don't think I'll be back. Cake was only just alright. For £4+ I'm expecting Mimi's or Cuckoo's goodness.
3 Beautiful pastries.  The place is kind of small, but I think there's seating upstairs... or the stairs lead to nowhere, I didn't look. The five of us sat at a table for four and got cozy. While I was going to have pastries for breakfast, I saw the cream tea. £6.45 for Madame Valerie's Cream tea... That's at least £3 more than the other places we walked by on the Royal Mile... I don't know if I feel cheated on or not, or if the other places would have paled in comparison. Alls I know is that I got pulled in by the beautiful pastries in the window.   Mmmm, clotted cream and jam. The scones were a nice vehicle to get the clotted cream and jam in my mouth.  My husband got an eggs benny, but I did steal any food from him.   Our server was really nice--- Since I was hemming and hawing at what kind of tea I should get, the server asked me if I wanted coffee instead. Yes please, an Americano it is.
