5 I searched for a long time to find a barber that could cut hair the way I want it. About 2 years ago a guy I work with told me about Andy at Lynn's and he has been cutting my hair ever since. Excellent haicut and good conversation, reasonable price. Highly recommended.
5 I just moved to the neighborhood and needed to get my mani/pedi! I called Lynn's and they were able to get me in right away. Lanny did my nails, I got a gel mani and it's the best I've ever had. I got a normal color and glitter so it was $25, very cheap! Lee did my toes, I got the spa pedicure with french tips and it was only $23. They were so nice and attentive. I can't wait to go back. They do only have two pedicure chairs and one manicure chair so I would suggest making appointment but they can definitely squeeze in a walk-in.
5 This nail salon is excellent. I called minutes before I walked in and the guy was very nice and encouraging. The service was quick, yet thorough. I got a regular manicure plus a design and the total was 15$, being that the design was 5$ extra which is pretty cheap. I definitely recommend this place.
5 This is my new spot! By far a hidden gem. Got a gel manicure with a design that I requested and they executed it flawlessly!! Mom and daughter operation I believe. Julia the mother prepped my nails and removed all my cuticles!! She took her time and her daughter Lanley (I might be wrong on the names) did the polish and design so well! I showed her a pic and she hadn't done the half moon trend before but nailed it. I am so obsessed with my nails and I will be a forever client. Total cost 25 bucks! 20 for gel manicure and 5 for design, been looking for a spot like this in town! Affordable and flawless thank you ladies!
4 Julie did my manicure.  She was very nice and helpful.  Even though I was a walk in on a very busy day I did not have to wait too long.  She did a nice hand rub too.  The price was very reasonable.  I paid $20 for a manicure with gel nail color.
5 I have really long hair and I always pay too much for a hair cut. Then I found Andy. He rocks my hair and I'm out of there in 20 minutes for $20. Go there, now!
