5 I would highly recommend this office to anyone that has a fear of going to the dentist. The doctor went to extra lengths to make sure I had a pleasant  and pain free experience. He has a very general touch so I couldn't even feel the shots I had to have.  The staff is friendly and took the time to calm my nerves and explain the procedures to me so I fully understood what was going to happen. This office provided the best dental experience I have ever had. I will definitely be returning for all my dental needs.
5 Dr. Sean is a very caring person and really take time to explain about the procedure and what needs to be done for perfect results, the office is great and they have a unique and state of the art equipment, staff are very nice and flexible, highly recommended.
5 I have been so happy to have finally found a dentist I can trust with all I need done for my teeth. Even though I had to move away I am still in touch and will only go to have my dental work done by Dr. M. He has been very caring and along with his professional team have made me feel very comfortable in getting my teeth fixed. I would highly recommend this office to everyone especially those who are anxious about getting dental treatment done. My family and my friends who are now patients of Dr. M., also agree with his amazing skills and the comforting atmosphere this office and staff provides for their patients.
5 While going to the dentist is no easy task or something we tend to "look forward to", it is necessary and if you are going to go, then why not choose the best.  After asking for referrals from many friends and colleagues, one name kept being mentioned and that was All Bright Dental.  After having had the experience, I can now clearly see why.  The entire office is set up to make you feel at ease.... the lobby feels comfortable, the staff is very friendly and professional.... the attention to the detail throughout my visit was fantastic. Most importantly, I found Dr. Mohtashami to be very knowledgeable and willing to take the time as he answered my many questions one by one.  He had a great sense for knowing that I was a bit nervous and took the time to explain the procedure the was to follow and insured me that I would like the result and he was right! After all, a bright smile is priceless!  And oddly enough, I'm now looking forward to my next visit in November!  :)
5 I was one of those people who would put off going to dentist as much as possible. One of my dear friends referred me to go see Dr. Mohtashami at All Bright Dental. I was at first very anxious, but once I got there and meet with staff and doctor I got a very warm and comforting feeling...I have finally had all my dental work completed and I am extremely happy with choosing Dr. Mohtashami as my dentist. He is not only extremely skillful as a dentist, he also spent the time to make sure I was very comfortable during each appointment. He also did most of my major detal treatment by offering sedation which helped me relax and decreased my anxiety greatly. I would highly recommend Dr. Mohtashami to all my friends & family. Thank you for brightening my smile:)
5 I have had some extensive dental work done and paid craploads of money at supposedly "best of the best" places, and been disappointed, paid a lot of money, but this place really gives you your moneys worth. They can do everything right there in the office, and the customer service is outstanding. Allan, is the main person I see when I go there and he is very friendly and knowledge and doesn't make me feel like I have a bunch of issues. I would highly recommend this place.
