5 What a wonderful experience in a relaxed, quiet setting.  Ashley is always professional, calming and extremely helpful by providing useful information about skin care.  I always feel refreshed after an hour with her, and my skin looks fabulous as well!  I highly recommend Ashley's services!
5 I have been going to Ashley for over a year.  I mainly go for eyelash extensions.  She is amazing!  I actually found her by following a woman around Neiman Marcus because her eyelashes were so perfect!  I have also had microderm abrasion, glycolic peels and facials.  All her services are excellent and reasonably priced.  She is upstairs in a salon, it can be tricky to find.  Ashley is easy to talk to and is super flexible.  Shoot her a text if you need a quick fill.  I highly recommend Ashley!  Skip the fancy spas and go see her!
5 I went in to see Ashley after purchasing a groupon deal for a facial and foot scrub. oh my goodness was this a treat! Ashley was super easy to talk to and I highly recommend her. Best facial I've had. She's considerate and walks you through each step of the facial (which is nice for people like me who don't regularly get them). I went around the holidays and she offered a pumpkin facial, definitely refreshing! Also, the room she works in it upstairs of a hair salon. it's relaxing, peaceful and quiet. Perfect environment. She also offers add-ons that are very affordable. I am looking forward to going back!
5 Had an amazing experience with Ashley. She did my first PCA peel and it was great. Also gave me a microdermabrasion a few weeks prior.  She made me feel comfortable, relaxed and talked me through it step by step.  She also does lashes which I would love to do sometime! I've seen her work and they are amazing. I'm a big fan!  Def. 5 star service.
5 Friendly staff and great service. Ashley know exactly what you want and does a great set of lash extension. The results are always amazing.  I would definitely recommend her.
5 I've had a lot of facials over the years & I must say that Ashley should be training others on how to give amazing service to lock in lifetime, repeat customers.  She talks you through every step of the process.  You're never left wondering "what's she doing back there?".  She also takes good care of you while various masks are curing on your skin, massaging your head, neck, shoulders, & feet.  The salon that she works in, Dre's, is also fabulous.  I've driven by it 100's of times & never knew how nice it was inside!  Thanks Ashley!
5 I was on vacation in Scottsdale and Ashley was recommended to me. I'm so glad I decided to check her out! My experience with Ashley was 100% top notch! The salon was beautiful, and so was Ashley's private room.  The bed was comfortable, the lighting and music was also very relaxing.  Ashley is a true professional in every way, this was my first facial and microdermabrasion so she talked me through every step explaining everything that she was doing and the purpose of every product. She was very gentle and so were all of the products she used (plus everything smelled wonderful).  My treatment felt even more deluxe because she game me a scalp, neck, shoulder and arm massage as well ( I had no idea those even came with skin treatments).  I was very impressed with my results, my skin was baby soft (still is weeks later) and all of my bumps and blackheads were gone.  I would highly recommend going to see Ashley to anyone who really wishes to pamper themselves! I will definitely be visiting Ashley again next time I am in Scottsdale!
5 I have had eyelash extensions for a little over a year now, and after a few horrible experiences with 'group on' deals with other salons, I found Ashley. I absolutely LOVE my extensions now! Ashley does such a great job-- they look so natural, they are a reasonable price, and Ashley will squeeze me in ASAP for a fill (just shoot her a txt!) She is such a doll too-- so easy to talk to, and makes you feel absolutely comfortable! I will never look anywhere else-- Ashley is the best!
5 I bought a 60 minute European facial from Groupon. Ashley is amazing. My skin feels amazing! She explains everything going on and talks to you about how you should change up your skin care routine. I loved my whole experience here and can't wait to go back!
5 I have seen Ashley for Lash extensions and facials. I recommend her on a daily basis because everyone compliments me on my beautiful lashes. I want to be able to say they are my lashes but I give all the credit to Ashley. She has a beautiful place, is kind and very knowledgeable. She does her very best to accommodate your needs. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Call for an appointment today.
5 I found Ashley (ABA) through Yelp. She had 5 stars across the board and it's easy to see why. I've had eyelash extensions before, but they always began falling out after only a few weeks, with Ashley, they lasted so much longer! My lashes look so lush and full I don't think I'll ever go back to my natural lashes!   Ashley's work space is clean and tranquil, making for an amazingly relaxing experience. She's very steady handed and will explain to you the steps of the process as she goes through, warning you of any possibly oddities you may feel (like a slight pull or tug when making sure there wasn't any extra/stray glue). Not to mention how friendly she is! It totally feels as though I've known her for years.   Now that I found ABA, I don't see myself going to another place for lashes in the future. I 100% recommend Ashley for eyelash extensions; you can certainly tell that she takes pride in her work with end results.
5 Amazing!!! Just had my first Dermaplane treatment with Ashley. LOVED how she walked me through the steps.  I get a little tense when trying new treatments but she made me feel so comfortable and it felt incredible. My face is glowing and feels extremely soft. Also had an eyebrow waxing. Feeling so fresh! Can't wait to go back for another treatment. Great experience and very relaxing environment.
5 Ashley is absolutely wonderful!! I started going to her a few months ago for lash extensions and I LOVE HER.  Everything about getting and then maintaining the extensions has been a wonderful experience, not to mention she has transformed my beauty life:) She is very professional and highly skilled, yet she makes you feel like an old friend.  I look forward to my appointments because I know I can just relax and enjoy an hour of pampering.  As for my lashes, I get compliments everywhere I go...they look amazing!!  I am a marathon runner and for the first time in over a dozen races I look good for the finish line photos..hehehe!!  Her prices are very reasonable, I am a club member, and I always feel like a VIP.  I had a huge dilemma a few days before leaving on a trip and Ashley went above and beyond to help me out...I mean she really went out of her way for me and that is a rarity these days (that I do not plan on taking advantage of again:) Anyway...she's the very best, and I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE my eyelashes, and I highly recommend her to everyone:) (Besides all of the above, she is just a wonderful person with a really sweet smile:)
5 I have to admit that ever since the idea of eyelash extensions peaked my interest I was in between Ashley and another place, initially I chose the other place and pretty much immediately regretted it, but mistakes must be made in life. Well luckily I decided to give lash extensions another chance and make an appt with Ashley. So happy I did, not only was she more professional and friendly but her work was a million times better for much less of a cost. I'm super stoked to be going to Ashley every few weeks to keep my lashes looking gorgeous.  If you're reading this review avoid my mistake and just go to Ashley first!!
5 Ashley is fantastic!   I got my first set of eyelash extensions yesterday and found Ashley by searching online. After reading how all of her customers love her and her work, I can definitely understand why! She is super easy to contact and will try her hardest to fit you in for an appointment.   She explained the process while she was putting on my extensions and did an excellent job. She is super sweet and easy to talk to. The Lash Club can't be beat, either - super affordable.  I don't anticipate going to anyone else for my eyelash extensions!
5 I found Ashley through a Groupon and I'm so happy I did. She was very professional and explained how each product worked as she applied it- which I really appreciated. Her studio was very clean and relaxing. I will definitely be coming back to Ashley for my future facials!
5 Important note - Yelp has not been updated with her new suite #, she is now in suite 16 (not 25). Ashley was fantastic! She was incredibly helpful in trying to assist me with getting a last-minute appointment, including giving multiple referrals and then ultimately fitting me in when she had a cancellation. She was friendly, easy to communicate with, thorough, efficient, and careful. She introduced me to a new style of lash (c-curl), which I just LOVE. She's wonderful and I highly recommend her to everyone!!
