5 Congratulations China on opening a second location! A natural Hair Salon in Tempe, AZ is right on time, the Glendale location is great so I know this one will have the same feel.
4 No complaints on my end. I have a TWA and got a basic shampoo and trim done here. Staff didn't double- or triple-book or try and sell me products. My stylist did give me suggestions and show me what she used , but I didn't feel any pressure to purchase products.
5 Rare Essence is the best place to go for all your natural hair needs. Braids, twists, locks, etc. i love it. My wife loves it. Service is fantastic. My kids are 5 and 4 yrs old and they play on the  ipad while mommy gets her hair styled. My wifes confidence boosted when I had her go natural. She is beautiful and high ranking at her careers. Everyone compliments her hair, especially white people whom some  dont have the ability to style their hair the same way. Now we network together and China, the owner, only exceeds in business.
5 Hours.... Wednesday - Saturday: 10am-5pm  This is a natural hair care salon. i drove up to the Rare Essence Studio from Tucson just to have my hair braided in November 2013 after a stylist in Denver highly recommended them to me. It was well worth the drive.  One of the first things that I notice about a salon is the cleanliness. I was pleasantly delighted that the salon was VERY clean.  Essence was my stylist. She is truly professional. I was going to be traveling overseas for a few weeks and she took the time to explain to me which styles would hold well as well as how to maintain the style for optimum appearance and health of my hair. She only concentrated on one customer at a time and gave them her full attention.   All of the stylists in the salon seem to be very polite and knowledgeable AND they seemed to get along thus making the atmosphere very welcoming and pleasant.  It's best to check the website or give the salon a call to get a specific idea of how much the style will cost that you're interested in. The prices were very reasonable and they also have a nice selection of natural hair care products.
