4 Whilst I've been to the Peter's Yard in the Quartermile a few times its only ever been for tea and cake. Peter's Yard in Stockbridge is the first time I've had anything more substantial.   Traipsing about Stockbridge on a dreary bank holiday Monday Al. P, Georgia. A and I needed something warm and filling for lunch. We all went for the soup, tomato and Wensleydale and a pea soup with both bread and savory scones. The soup was delicious and, in my case, way too much for me to finish.   They also have a great selection of tea at Peter's Yard. I'm partial to the spiced apple turkish tea with a cardamon but as I couldn't even finish my soup I had a nice breakfast blend to warm me up without feeling I needed a cake.   Compared to the Quartermile cafe, the Stockbridge version is pretty cosy. I suspect there may be seating available downstairs but this was closed when we visited. Be prepared to share tables here during busy periods.
5 SOURDOUGH PIZZA?   Y'know whats funny, ever since I got back from my travels to Sweden I realised that I am a Swedish Pizza believer. I always associated good pizza with the Italian culture, but no, the swedes can do it well too.   I went down to Stockbridge market on a lovely Sunday afternoon and decided to share a pizza with one of my friends. It was very affordable to share it, as a pizza is 8 pounds. This delicious sourdough pizza came with salami, buffalo mozzarella and a side salad each.   The design inside is very nice and clean, however we decided to sit outside in the sun. It was really nice to be able to take advantage of the warm sun in stockbridge. Thumbs up to both of the Peter's Yards as they both have outdoor seating!   So in all, the pizza was delicious, the service was fantastic (the man who served us was so smiley!) and I love the atmosphere of the cafe and stockbridge. I'll be back.
5 Myself and Lindsay O, stumbled on this little place as we were early for our Elitle event, so we wanted a hot drink and something tasty to get out of the cold Brrr! Well I loved it! I am so glad we chose to walk in here! Firstly It was open till 8pm - fab as Starbucks and other coffee shops nearby were closing at 6.30pm. Secondly we loved the pastries and even at 6.30pm their was still a good selection. They have lots of different types of bread and the girls that served us were very nice and friendly. We opted for a hot chocolate, and I love when they do those little cute designs on top! Makes me smile. The pastries were smashingly yummy too!   I will be back here very soon , even if its just for some excellent bread..
5 I had heard good things about Peters Yard up by the uni and was super pleased to find they had a place now in Stockbridge.  Carolann and I found this place when we were enroute to the yelp event at vino.  What a delight, a good choice of pastries (even when we were there after 6pm) and I had a vanilla twist warmed and with a scoop of home made vanilla ice cream on top and a hot chocolate.  The hot chocolate was served in a wide cup and saucer and had a cool swirly chocolate pattern on the top.  I had to take a photo of it!   Clean, stylish place with a really friendly staff, great wee find.  Well done Peters Yard, you managed to impress this fussy lady!   I will be back here for sure.
4 I have been to the Quartermile branch of Peter's Yard a couple of times and have sampled coffee, cinnamon buns and a salmon sandwich which are very nice, albeit a tad expensive. Therefore I was pleased that Peter's Yard have now opened another branch in Stockbridge. I arrived on a Saturday morning and the place was already quite full, but I was only there to buy some bread.. Some lovely Swedish sweet rye bread.  I love rye bread. It's so difficult to get the sweeter variety which is common in Sweden, so when I saw that on the shelf it was a quick decision for me. The girl who was serving me explained there was a little bit of treacle in the bread which makes it sweet. The bread was £3.10, and I was happy to pay the price since I know the effort that goes into making this kind of bread.  Later I had a lovely lunch of sweet rye bread and smoked salmon and I was in heaven..   Thank you Peter's Yard for this fabulous bread. Next time I will sample the sourdough pizza :)
5 Clean and friendly shop. weitress kinde and polite. Lovely green pot tea, cake and salad. quiet atmosphere. Thank you , Giuseppe.
4 Firstly I should say that I really like Peter's Yard beside the meadows- so I was hesitant to see what this one was like.  I can't decide whether it is a 3 star or a 4.  My first impressions weren't sensational.  The food looks amazing, the service was ok, the server had to ask if they had decaf coffee and was just a little "off" with me, and the place is pretty small. I ended up having to share my 4 seater table with others- which in the other peters yard is the done thing (and I have no problems sharing), but here I got penned into a little corner and had to climb over people, bags and tables to get out again.  However, my white chocolate and raspberry scone and decaf latte were amazing. 5 stars for the food.  And I saw someone have very nice service from another member of staff, so not slating the service, I just had a iffy interaction with maybe a new member of staff.  The Peter's Yard brand isn't the cheapest around, but there produce is awesome, and sometimes totally worth paying that extra £1 for...  If I lived in Stockbridge, I think I would end up here more regularly, it's a very Stockbridgey/ family/ friends gathering suitable kind of place.
4 A nice wee addition to the Stockbridge area. I was in today after a quick trip to the market for a bit of lunch. I had a great Americano and an AMAZING smoked salmon open faced sandwich, with some amazing dill cream and pickled onions. My friend had the crispbreads with butter and jam, which she said were extremely fresh and tasty. Lovely looking cakes and ice cream too, but i've not yet tried these... 'yet' being the key word.  A downside is that this branch is quite petite - the one on the Quarter mile is much larger and more open, and I prefer it there. It's also quite expensive, but for a rare, quality treat it hits the spot!
4 a sunny saturday afternoon and a catch up with a friend means tea and cake.  so after a lovely stroll through new town and down into stockbridge we arrived at Peter's Yard.  unfortunately due to the sunny day all their outdoor tables were taken, however this left ample space to grab a seat inside and still enjoy the sunny view from the massive glass windows at the front of the shop.  we had come a bit later on in the day so some items were missing, but lucky for me they still had some cardamon buns that looking absolutely amazing!  i paired this with a turkish apple tea while my friend had a slice of the princess cake and a coffee.  the princess cake looked gorgeous!  a light green fondant icing encased cream and cake that was apparently quite tasty.  my cardamon bun totally hit the spot with the slighty earthy spice and sweetness.  i probably could have eaten two given the opportunity!!  i felt a bit let down by the turkish apple tea as it was actually so apple-y i struggled to drink it and had to dilute the tea with some water.  i think maybe this just wasn't to my taste as i also had a pot of jasmine green tea that was lovely and delicate.  so finally having made a trip to Peter's Yard i will definitely be back.  i did find it a tad bit pricey, so may avoid for lunch but it's reasonably priced for just a tea and cake.
4 Looking for somewhere for lunch, I passed Peter's Yard. I'd heard good things about this place and the menu read well so gave it a go.   It's quite a small place with limited seating and seems to be pretty busy a lot of the time. And there's good reason for that; the food.  They have an eclectic range of sandwiches, soups and salads that change regularly, from what I gather. I opted for the salad of the day; a combination of cauliflower, roasted cherry tomatoes, spinach, fennel, spring onion, coriander, and probably some other stuff I couldn't identify as well, which came with walnut bread and crispbreads (which I could eat by the dozen)  Having only rolled out of bed about an hour earlier, it was a perfect, flavourful and wholesome brunch/light lunch, accompanied by very good coffee to set me up for the day. Oh, and maybe a bottle of Black Isle Blonde from the excellent Black Isle Brewery, of which they have a selection of beer available, along with a chiller full of different fruit juice blends.  It's not a cheap eat but you pay for what you get; fresh, quality food with plenty variety and prepared to a high standard, served by pleasant, friendly staff.
4 Popped into this location after a rainy stroll down the Waters of Leith. It was very packed, but we didn't have to wait too long for seating. They have a few larger tables which can be shared community style. You order at the counter, which is easy and informal. And there is a good range of food to choose from, whether you fancy savory or sweet.  I ordered a flat white and the chickpea sandwich as well as a sweet scone to share. The coffee, firstly, was amazing! So well made and very good. They use Artisan Roast beans like many in town, but really know how to make it a good cup of coffee. The sandwich bread was amazingly good. I was do tempted to buy a loaf if bread, but they had sold out. No wonder! The sandwich was a good size and I liked that it was served open-faced. So not too much bread. It had a generous serving of toppings too, which was good for the price. My friend got the blue cheese and fig sandwich on a baguette, which he loved too.   The scone was absolutely amazing as well, but the butter they served it with made it heavenly. I think I retract my statement about another place having the best scones, this one gave them a run for their money. The lescure butter, a French sweet butter was too good.   All in all, a lovely spot for a nice lunch or a treat with a delicious coffee. I had to get one to go, it was that awesome. My only complaint might be the inside didn't blow me away as far as ambience, but they offer outdoor seating so when it warms up I will have to try it!
4 Why is it my first visit?!!  Really why have I left this until now?  Lovely interior inside this branch.  Space is minium, so you may have to share a table.  Was doing a little research on scones that day as i heard they do a spelt scone, so you know the score - I had to try it out.  The Spelt Scone.  It was nice.  To me it had an aftertaste of salt or bicarb of soda. Maybe both. We also had to share the raspberry cream bun, which was nicely covered with puncy raspberries, but no cream (It's either been soaked up by the bun itself or there was nine to start off with).  To me the coffee was the champion here.  My mum really enjoyed her latte macciato and i enjoy my cappucino.  Defo a plce for a good coffee and it's going onto my "good place, good coffee" list.
1 Having passed Peter's Yard on many occasions today I had reason to enter and pick up my lunch.  On entering I was greeted with a cafe full of paying eaters, a well stocked if not limited display of small sandwiches on the counter and a menu board which was of interest.  I purchased a sandwich and a latte and handed over my £8+ which I thought a little expensive, but hey, the sandwich must be very tasty and clearly the coffee impressive.  Having eaten the very small sandwich and tasted the latte, I feel cheated!  Reading all of the reviews, I can only imagine that these have been posted by staff in an attempt to big up the food n drinks.  The staff were not competent and made my fellow purchaser wait for a coffee and then question if it had been paid.  I think I even heard a poor excuse "well I never served her" omg, that's not good enough.  Firstly, your USP is your quirky cafe, then you need to have quality, then good value, to provide excellent customer service is always essential.  If you can do all three you will have repeat custom, not just people like me, in once only.  Eventually, you will be found out and eventually your competitors will capitalise on your lack of competence.
