5 Dr Monroe is the nicest doctor I ever met. She was so helpful in my infertility crusade. She also helped me with other issues such as fatigue, weight gain,  and lack of libido. She gave the best possible treatment to help me get pregnant. I am now the  proud mom of a beautiful boy.  I am enjoying life with my new baby and got back my pre-pregnancy body with her help too. I have more energy than ever and feel great. Life is good!  Thanks to Dr. Monroe!!!
1 My visit to Dr Monroe was the worst experience I've had in a doctors office in years!  I had an appointment and waited for an hour while the rude receptionist seemed irritated that I was asking her questions while she sent text messages on her phone at the front desk. I said something to the office manager and she was less than helpful and also seemed irritated that I would say something. I asked the Doc to call me because i was having some unexpected side effects from the meds she gave me, and did not hear back. My next appointment, I got my dates confused and was automatically added to the walk-in list without being told, even though I  pointedly stated that I thought I had a 10am visit scheduled.  So 45 minutes later I was really getting steamed. I requested the doctor call me with test results if possible, and again, never heard back - this time in over 3 weeks!  I  wrote a letter to the doctor herself, and no one bothered to call or contact me in any way. And worst of all, she prescribed the right meds, but in the wrong amount and made my symptoms worse!!!! She dresses too racy in short skirts and 4 inch heals and I would not EVER go back, and I strongly recommend that you don't either. I used Yelp to find a great new OBGYN at New Beginnings, and she is so good, I will gladly drive out of my way to see her!!!
1 My appointment was an hour ago....still waiting.  This seems to be the norm here as I waited 90 minutes at my last appointment.   This is highly unacceptable!
1 I didn't think the office visit was terrible.  That was until..... I tried calling because I was having a problem.  I left a message with the answering service at 3:30 (the message says they are open to 5pm).  The doctor didn't call back.  The following morning, I called the office again.  I spoke to someone, who listened to my problem, and when she realized that she couldn't help me (as I needed the dr), I had to tell her the whole thing again, so she could write it down.  She didn't even catch my name.  I did not hear back from the dr.    Obviously, I began looking for a new doctor.  The had done blood work on my initial visit.  I couldn't get the results.  I even went to the office, mid-week, mid-day, and it was locked.  Never again!!!
5 Dr. Monroe is amazing! She has helped me with my issues for the past few years. I understand she is very busy and this may be the reason I have to wait sometimes but, I do not mind because she is a very good and up to date. She takes her time with me and takes care of my health better than any doctor I ever had before.
5 I read the reviews and some are definitely in need of happy hormones.. Who cares how high her heels are or how she is dressed.. Seems petty to me, I have to laugh.. I have been seeing Dr. Monroe for years.. Yes, I do wait but I always make plenty of time (when it pertains to my health..) I know when I get to see Dr. Monroe, she explains THOROUGHLY, and answers any and all of my concerns.. I know when I leave that I am confident in all my Meds, and what they will do and the precautions.. I know when she suggests a treatment it's the newest, the latest and the most advanced treatment there is... Again, I'm here for her professional expertise and knowledge, NOT her fashion!! Hope this helps people who can distinguish what really matters.. Give her a try for yourself and see how much time she spends on each patient.. And when you are waiting, know you will also be given the time you deserve..
