4 Over the summer, Summerhall was re-opened as a venue. It was quiet quiet about it, I didn't even realise just how much is going on at Summerhall. Gigs, fashion shows, there's a kitchen, I think they even have their own beer? I've not explored it fully yet, have actually only been to one show here, but I think I need to go - and soon - to see more of it and update my review.  I was here for the Mediterraneo show on a Saturday night. It was in a large hall up the stairs. It's a gorgeous building, huge stair case, really tall ceilings. I believe it was previously used for University lectures?   The show itself perhaps didn't suit the venue very well. Or perhaps the venue itself needs a particular type of event. It felt a bit like a school disco - the very tall ceilings and one large open room with make-shift stage made it feel very airy and spacey. It got quite full by midnight but still not packed. I know we often complain clubs are too packed, but this just felt a bit stilted. The bar was also in another room and they ran out of water. Hmmm. There was also only one toilet for everyone to use. Long queue, not happy punters.  I've heard the dissection room is amazing, on different levels, an interesting shape and makes an interesting venue. I do want to go back and see it again in different forms. Perhaps as the club night was new and it wasn't really full made it feel a bit emptier. It is a stunning venue, just an odd choice for 'club' or gig nights.
4 I should be giving Summerhall five stars but there's so much of the place that I haven't seen, so I've opted to leave myself some room to grow when I come back to update this review in the future. A warren of gallery spaces, workshops, dissection rooms, events spaces and corridors make for a unique venue. Edinburgh is hopefully a city able to take advantage of the possibilities that this opens up: a space for every event, and in time I'm sure every event will find its way through these spaces.  There's also a very smart bar right at the heart of the venue, with an eclectic array of wall decorations - much of it veterinary, some of it anthropological in origin. During the summer months, and presumably also at times of inclement weather, there are performances and drinks to be had in the central courtyard, some of it from the on-site brewery. Is there anything this place lacks? Well, I shall go looking on repeat visits and report back.
5 Gorgeous. Lovely. Potentially creepy and kind of brilliant.  The Summerhall was once a veterinary school, then it sat, empty and unloved, until a madman with more money than sense bought it and gave it over to artists.  Artists who might, for instance, install a beam in a room covered in petroleum jelly.  This sort of thing happened in the late 50s, 60s, and 70s. Possibly even inthe 80s, but by then things were privatised and all sold off.  Events happen here. And there's a café with odd and cheap food and drink.   It's a Good Thing for Edinburgh. And it appears to be getting better. Pop in and wander through.
3 I've only been to Summerhall for swing dancing events, held in the main hall upstairs, but it seems perfectly okay. It's an attractive venue, and being the old Dick Vet school there's a microscope in the bar and a room called the Dissection Room. The downside would be the toilets, which seem few and far between (and unisex). The two upstairs were clean, but there's only two which can result in a queue. Plus the hot taps didn't work. I don't even mean it wasn't hot water, they just didn't work. But apart from the loos it's really okay, and I imagine I'll be back for non-swinging events come August.
4 This is one of those places where events happen all the time but not very many people know about it. It's a well kept secret.   I've been to gigs, comedy, charity do's and quirky secret society events here and I've never been disappointed with the place.  There's a bar called the Royal Dick to satisfy even the thirstiest camel and a cafe serving coffee and the usual snackage if you're not in the mood for the hard stuff.  My advice - drop by and pick up a programme and keep an eye out for Fringe events that aren't in the main programme. You may very well be pleasantly surprised!
4 Being the old veterinary school, it reaps of history but some may be screamish to what hapened here.  Now it houses small firms, exhibitions, events and Barney's Beer with it's new lease of life.  I like the original part of the building, I'm not too sure by the added parts that were built in the sixties are the look ugly.  A good place to catch a beer is just at the old schools pub which is located at the back of the main foyer.
