4 This restaurant was previously a Red Brick Pizza location that converted to the new name while keeping the same owners.  That very fact almost kept me away, but I'm glad I gave them a shot.  I had only been to a Red Brick once about 6 yrs ago and was not impressed with the pizza and sandwich I ordered.  But this new place had advertised a particular brand of gyro meat, and I'm a real sucker for gyros.  Plus, the advertisement had come via a Hometown Buyz groupon-like deal.  So off I went.  Since it previously was a Red Brick, I wasn't at all surprised that it still looks like one.  The setup seemed the same down to the menu boards with the addition of some things like gyros.  It was late afternoon, so the place was expectedly quiet.  I was greeted promptly and courteously at the counter.  That day they were running a small pizza special as well, so I ordered the gyro and a small pepperoni pizza to go.  I was generously offered a drink while I waited.  I opted for water from the soda machine.  My order was prepared right in front of me, and I could look into the brick pizza oven and watch the pizza bake.  After just a few minutes, it was boxed and bagged to go.  I got into my car, and it just smelled so good that I couldn't wait.  Warning!  The pizza is very, very hot!  It was delicious, as the pepperoni was quite nicely spiced and the cheese (whole milk mozzarella blend?) had a great flavor.  The crust was light, chewy, and crisp.  It well surpassed my memories of the original Red Brick.  The gyro was even better.  The meat was the best gyro meat I've ever had.  It was lean, warm, piled on, and had a great flavor.  The overall gyro had a very nice proportion of meat to lettuce/tomato/onion/tzatziki to pita.  Very nice indeed.  Is it a destination kind of place to spend an evening out?  No.  But it is a high quality quick service concept that fit me well that day.  I'll be back soon.
2 Groupon Now brought us in at 7:38. While it was before the 8 PM deadline, Groupon Now had ended. Instead of walking out, the owner said he would still give us the deal. Didn't happen. I realize that is a Groupon Now problem but knowing that is what brought us in you would think they would make something happen. Their menu and prices are higher in store then their own website. Good bait and switch. Dingy inside...lightbulbs out everywhere including right over booths, extension cords used to light signs. Multiple flavors on fountain out.  Positive note; salad and pizza were great except our particular pizza advertised fresh basil for which it didn't have. The bait and switch, alone, with higher in-store prices then their own website leaves a bad taste however and is enough for me not to go back. It's just a cheap money grab.
4 This is a great little pizza place. Groupon brought us in and we were immediately greeted by the owner and very friendly staff. We ordered the pepperoni pizza, pizza bianco and Italian salad. All really good. Francisco's is more of a casual, quick, order-at-the-counter type of place but with enough room to bring your family for dinner. Great pizza, fast service and close to home. I am happy we found this place and we will definitely be going back. Next time we will try the gyros!
2 This place... Eh.  I found a groupon, $5 for $10.   I called in my phone order, when I arrived I knew to look for the place that had no lit up sign and found it right next to Jamba Juice.  I was quoted a half hour over the phone.  When I arrived they were pretty busy, and looked very disorganized.  My perception was spot on as when I mentioned my name, the guy had to look everywhere for my order.  It was really chaotic.  I don't know what happened, but he said it would be another 10 minutes.  I ordered a medium four cheese pizza and a beef gyro.  The gyro was VERY dry.  Dried out meat and short on tzatziki.  It just was off kilter.  The pizza was okay.  Didn't hit the spot either.  It looked like the large was only 14 inches, the medium is supposedly 12, but I am thinking 10.  I watched one order get called where the guy asked the customer if she had 2 pizzas or 1.  When the lady answered one he began messing with a box and she said, "and it is actually for here, so you can save the box."  He ignored her and slid the box her way and went about her business.  I couldn't help but feel this would be a good candidate for Gordan Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares.  Unorganized, poorly cooked, and lacking in customer service skills.  The staff wasn't mean or rude, and the lady that handed me my order gave me a smile.  But they were all just so frazzled.
1 Horrible and Overpriced!!!!!!  The only reason I found myself in this establishment was the enticing advertisement featuring the scrumptious bursting at the seams Gyro for only $5.99 and they were the only eatery in the area without an obsene line.  On top of a puny little excuse for a Gyro that looked and tasted worse something from a fast food dollar menu I also received lackluster "how dare you bother me" service from a disinterested staff of four that didn't greet, bid farewell and barely acknowledged their customers   Definately will not find myself back in this establishment again.  I do have to say that there were a couple families in there waiting for pizza's.   Maybe I should have ordered a pizza and stayed away from the Gyro??   CavEAT Emptor --  Let the buyer beware
4 They have really great gluten free pizza and delish salads. My husband isn't gluten free and ordered the shawarma and though it was good too. The TV's at the table allows is nice for the kiddos. I would have given it five stars if they served beer and wine. I think we will be regulars here. Oh, and I love how the owner is there to greet you. You don't see that very often these days.
1 I tried this place as it replaced the old Red Brick Pizza that was there. The inside is pretty much the same as it was as Red Brick. The owner was nice and greeted us and said goodbye at the end. The televisions had a Ratatouille Disney DVD playing and when that finished they put on the old Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. Didn't care for the shows but I wasn't there to watch television anyway. They were out of drink cup covers so I asked for some and the kid brings them out and takes his bare hands and grabs out two of them. I would have rather he have gloves and place them in the holder so I can grab my own without his touching them or at least would dig down into the center to avoid the ones he did touch.  However, the pizza wasn't good. As much as I like cheese on my Four Cheese pizza, there was too much cheese, soggy crust, and burnt edges. Could barely get a slice apart and when I did manage to cut it apart and picked up a slice, the cheese just slide right off into the pan. I ended up with a pile of cheese and the pizza wasn't tasty at all. My friend got a barbecue chicken pizza and it didn't taste like it as she used to get that at Red Brick just like I always got my Four Cheese. The Red Brick pizza was awesome and the cheese at least stayed on the slices. As much as I wanted to like this place since I hoped it was like the old Red Brick, this pizza wasn't any good. We won't be going back there.
5 I'm late posting this...but at least I didn't forget! :) we got a groupon for this place and were pleasantly surprised by how good this was for the slammin deal groupon gave us! The owner/manager was awesome ! I recommend !
4 Best pizza ever made!  -Austin Matthews
5 This place is AWESOME!  I'm amazed at the bad reviews. I was visiting a friend in Gilbert and she took me to this restaurant. If it was in Tucson, it would be one of my favorite hangouts!  The atmosphere was inviting, the owner and staff were very attentive and helpful, and the food was amazing!  I got the gyro and humus platter and it was delicious! Our table also got a couple pizzas and some cheese sticks. We all left very satisfied. I also thought that the prices were VERY reasonable for all the food we got.  I highly recommend this place!
3 I've eaten here twice before... the pizza is not typical to what most are used to. It's thin and it's crustier than the thick fluffy crust of other pizza places. I assume this is to imitate "real" italian pizzas (which I have had the pleasure of having in Roma!) However, the flavor is just "meh" and it's not very filling. The smaller than average serving size (and more than average pricing) could be forgiven if the food was flavorful, but it's just not there yet.
5 Great hummus and even better pita bread! i have been here several times and will keep coming back for 2 reasons- the food AND the customer service. Although I can only comment on the hummus since that is all I ever order. It's fresh and you get a lot of it.  It's obvious they make the hummus and pita right there. The owner has been there everytime I have been there (he must work everyday), and he has always provided excellent customer service.  I didn't go into this restaurant at first because I never liked Red Brick Pizza (which was what was there before), and I didn't realize it had changed it's menu sincee it looks pretty much the same. However, it's not a chain restaurant being run by teenagers!
5 Love this place.  Great lunch special for pizza and a drink for $5.  Go there all the time and the owner is extremely pleasant.
1 Horrible!!! I ordered the gyro, the meat was  frozen strips of who knows what! I took one bite and  had to spit it out. The owner took my order and said 10 minutes but it was more like 30. The owner and his wife appeared to be having a heated argument while he was cooking. I wish I could say something positive about the place, but there really isn't anything.
5 I had a great small pizza for lunch. Love the crust. The person I was with got a sub and thought it was excellent. Met the owner a very nice hard working man. Not the cheapest food but good quality and flavor. I will be back.
4 I like the food and the service. Have been at Francisco's twice and have had a wonderful salad and pizza. The itallian chop salad is very good and so is the roasted garlic chicken pizza. The owner is friendly and makes you feel welcome and appreciated. I will be back
3 I have been to Francisco's twice now. Once when they first opened quite awhile ago and again tonight. The first time I ate here I was on my way to class over at CGCC and needed a quick meal on the go. I had one of their ham and cheese flatbread sandwich type of thing. It was good, it stood out in mind enough to come back many months later.  Tonight my fiancé and I tried one of their pizza's. There was no one in the restaurant at 5:30pm which was a little concerning. The young man who took our order behind the counter was very nice and gave us a few suggestions off of the menu. I asked if we could create our own combo since it wasn't on the menu and he was very accommodating. We ended up with a pepperoni and jalapeno medium pizza. It came out about 15 minutes later. The crust is on the thinner side, the sauce has a good flavor. The crust was a little burned on one side but not burned on the other. The medium is not very filling between two people, I would suggest the large. The prices are a little high for what you get. We paid $17 for a medium pizza and two drinks. This is a no frills pizza shop, the parmesan and red pepper comes in little packets even if you are dining in which is fine but just know that is what you are going to get.  Overall this pizza shop is just okay. If I am craving pizza and I am in the area I might consider going here again. The sandwich/ flatbreads are pretty good as well. Might be back.
2 I would give the owner and the employees 4 stars for great attitudes and good customer service. However, the pizza is what the review is all about and I can only give 2 stars for the pizza's performance. One of the two pizza's wasn't correct but the owner took care of it immediately. Got us the right pizza pretty quickly & asked us to keep the incorrect pizza. Initially, he had also discounted the pizzas for us which was very exceptional as well. The only thing I didn't like about the pizza, all of them, was that the bottom was so burnt. Just not my bag. Maybe I will try them again another time but for now I will still be keeping my eyes out for a better pie
5 I have been a regular for over a year now and am well behind in leaving a proper, well earned positive review. Frank is as good as they get in the business. He is always welcoming, remembers me by name and greets me every time I walk in the door, not to mention a friendly goodbye looking forward to my next visit in. I love the wood fire pizza. The lunch special is just the right size for an individual serving. I am a plain meat and potatoes kind of guy, so pepperoni is my 'go-to' at each visit. Toss in a nice side garden salad with fountain soda, and life is good on that 1 hour reprieve from the daily grind. Thank you Frank for helping me getting my pizza fix when the craving calls!
1 Horrible pizza! How can they justify the high price they charge for less than mediocre food?  Pizza was bland, wet, and soggy. Service was not good either. I had a coupon which i forgot to mention when ordering but mentioned to them no more than 2 min after. They would not honor it. Now that's excellent customer service.   Very disappointed.
3 This is the same store front as Red Brick Oven Pizza.  They didn't seem to change much.  We had a coupon so thought we would give them a try.  First, the decor.  For some reason they have TVs in every booth.  You can't change the channel, and the volume is at zero, but they're there.  No idea why (since you can't hear any dialogue).  Another large screen TV was set to a sports channel.  Again, no volume.  What one DID hear was random music (ranging from Elvis to Johnny Cash, etc).  Odd choice for music in a pizza place.  On to the pizza.  We ordered two (per the coupon).  One was a typical sausage, mushroom, pepperoni pizza.  It was good.  The crust seemed thin, but dense.  I'm sorta surprised it didn't rise to create a thicker, more airy crust.  But it didn't.  Very dense.  Flavor was good, though.  The other pizza was a prosciutto pizza (with arugula and something else).  It also was thin and dense but flavorful.  The pizza was fine.  But I can't really see coming back here when there's another pizza place closer to my house that is better.  Much better.  In fact, that other place has become my favorite of all the places in Chandler/Gilbert.  So Francisco's, while not bad, can't really compete with the other place.  Yes, even if I were shopping in this center I would get in my car and drive to San Tan Village to get the other pizza if I wanted pizza.    You could do worse than Francisco's, but just a few miles east you can do much better.
5 I LOVE LOVE LOVE Franscisco's Pizza.   I work near the plaza that Franscisco's is located in and I started eating here about 2 months ago. It has become a regular and I admit that I go here at least 3 times a week. The owner is very nice and always makes me feel welcome. He even takes the time to learn the names of his customers.   I have only had the pizza, garlic breadsticks and salad. The pizza is always fresh from the oven and always the way that I ask for it. I love the crust! The breadsticks are really good and dont have too many spices which I feel can sometimes be overwhelming.   Best of all: Every time I have ordered pizza for pickup, I get there earlier than the 20 minute time frame that I am given and yet, somehow, my food is always ready and still warm :-)   Love Fransisco's!
4 Hummas plate is pretty good, tried a small pizza wasn't impressed, but I would try it out again.
2 The food was pretty good which is why I gave them more than one star. I placed my order online through Eat24. This order included 3 (three) bottles of IBC root beer. When the delivery girl showed up, she handed me three bottles of Coca-Cola and said they were out of root beer. I understand running out of an item. Poor planning happens to any business. What I don't understand is automatically assuming you know what's best and substituting whatever you feel like or have the most of. You had my contact details from the order. Use them. I don't drink coke (which is why i didn't buy it), so I gave one coke to the delivery girl, one to my coworker, and threw the other in the trash. Live and learn.
3 just.... wow. okay. so this place is ridiculously delicious. the pizza is absolutely mouth watering. I have used this place once or twice for delivery as it is really close to my work. Normally, I get superior service and excellent food. Today, however, was totally different.  So my co-worker calls up Francisco's to order a pizza for delivery. He was abruptly told "we don't deliver" and got hung up on. I called them back, and told the very rude chick on the phone that I wanted to place an order for delivery. she scoffed and before she could say anything further, I stated "I got a pizza delivered from you to my store last week." she sighed, very annoyed, and put me on hold. When she got back on the line, she said, "okay, fine. what do you want?" I was half tempted to tell her nevermind, but as the order was for my coworker, I told her his order. She then said "yeah okay," and hung up on me before even telling me how much the order was.  ....seriously? this is one of the absolute WORST customer service experiences I have ever had. Thanks to whomever I spoke with, Francisco's got knocked down a few pegs.
4 Not sure the negative reviews on the Gyros mine was huge and fresh!  The pizza was tasty and had a good sauce to it and the hummus was made fresh in house.
5 We used to eat here when it was a red brick pizza and thought it was good. We tried it today for the first time since they left the RB franchise and to my surprise, it was really grest! We had the Italian salad which was really yummy and fresh, and the pizza blanco, delish!! Also, the owner is super friendly and his workers give great customer service. Thank you!!
4 Yummy! It was great, the pepperoni was delicious, owner was there super friendly and you can also get gelato there!
4 I have been here 2 X. Both were very good... Pizza tasted super and service was good as well.  Very nice and casual environment... I would go back!!
