3 I come here to see Dr. Evenson and when he's not there, then I would see Dr. Coy. Dr. Coy's a trip! I love this guy! The Filipina ladies at the front desk are quite rude though esp. in person and over the phone.
4 After waiting 2 hours finally meet  Dr. Coy his a great doctor very caring who actually listens to patients and there needs I would recommend anyone to wait he is worth it.
1 Dont go to this place. Front desk people are rude. I have an appointment 9:00 and i was there 9:10 and they want to reschedule the appointment that was scheduled a month ago. Apn mary nara said she wont be able to see me because of i was late (according to the rude front desk hispanic lady). This place is crazy.  Im very frustated
4 dr evenson was a good dr but just not my cup of tea I need personality...dr.coy was amazing he told me im crazy and now im at peace..lol jk but really I like this practice and the girls in the front aren't as rude as everyone makes them out to be im happy to be a patient!
1 I usually never write reviews on yelp, but I feel the need to in this situation because it is unbelievable how awful this place has become. First, let me clarify that I love my doctor, Dr. Bui. He is the ONLY reason why I still continue to go to this office. However, I try to avoid calling or making appointments as much as possible. I have been going to this office for over 15 years, but for the past year or so everything besides Dr. Bui is absolutely horrible. Words cannot describe how awful the front desk and office is. Without fail, every time I call the office for a need, the person on the other line is unbelievably rude. In addition, there is hardly a time when I get put on hold for less than 30 minuets, because no one knows what they're doing because. The reason I say that they don't know what they're doing is because the last time I called, while on hold, I had to tell them 3 separate times what the reason for my call was. They kept putting me back on hold and forgetting to transfer me then asking me why I was on hold again. Also, if I suddenly become sick and call to make an appointment to see a doctor as soon as possible, who ever answers the phone is almost excited and enjoys telling me that Dr. Bui is completely booked for appointments for at least a week in advanced. So pretty much I have to plan when I'm sick. The worst part is I know that when I speak to "Martha" I need to prepare to be spoken to in the rudest, most unprofessional manner ever.  Finally, expect to wait for at least at least 20 minuets, after  your scheduled appointment.  :)
