5 Love the program. Love the people. I've dropped 32 lbs in 11 weeks and OTF has become a very positive habit in my life. I love watching the way they give extra attention to newcomers, and yet still make it fun and inspiring for us "vets!"
5 I'm attending using a free week that they offer.  It's an incredible workout! There are people that are fit & people like me that aren't so fit. It seems to be a great workout anyone. I'm seriously thinking about joining, because of how great, tired & energized I feel.
3 My brother and I were members for 3 months. My brother worked out so hard he was sick sometimes. I came in almost 20x a month (to two different locations), yet neither my brother nor myself noticed any differences in our weight or measurements. We both worked out and/or ran regularly before starting their program. Sometimes we felt like our own workouts were better than Orange Theory. There's nothing novel about the program. Bottom line, neither of us experienced any real results from our regular workouts there.  On the bright side...The trainers are all nice and help with form. They work you out. If you don't work out at all, this could be a nice start for you.
5 I joined OTF Awhatukee about 5 months ago and have only positive things to say about this gym. Amanda, the manager of the Awhatukee OTF is such a hard worker. She genuinely cares about your health and progress, and is always super helpful. Mark is the head coach at this gym - I absolutely love his workouts! He's always energetic and continuously pushes you to the next level. I get my tush kicked every time I sign up for one of his classes. The best thing about all of the trainers at this specific OTF is that if you communicate your personal/fitness goals with them, they'll do whatever it takes to help you achieve those goals! I feel like I'm a part of a huge new family, and that's a great feeling to have.  The only con that I'll mention here is that the workout schedule doesn't always fit my work schedule. My job sometimes takes me out of town for a few days at a time, so I'm not able to fit in all of my sessions for the month (so I end up losing the sessions I signed up for, unfortunately).  Overall, I'd definitely recommend this gym. Whether you're an athlete training for a marathon, or just someone looking to get in shape, this gym is a great place to meet others who are working towards the same goal. Try out a week for free and see for yourself!
4 I love coming here. I went for a free session saturday and loved it so much I signed up the same day. I blame the release of endorphins from the workout! The trainers are nice and friendly. I like learning different moves and being pushed to complete the workout. It's really motivating and I love the overall atmosphere.   There's a few things that could use improving. The front staff advised me I would get a free class if I brought a friend who had never been. I brought two friends but was still charged for the class. Also, the memberships are really expensive. I have the basic which is $59 for 4 classes a month. There's no way I could even afford an unlimited package! If it was a little more affordable I think I would like it even better.
