5 FINALLY! I have been waiting for this restaurant to open close to my part of town for a while. This is a brand new El Pollo Loco and as far as fast food Chicken places go this place is great. I was greeted right when I walked through the door and the person taking my order was super friendly. There was no lack of friendly service and you could tell by the full tip bin that lots of other people agree. I love the fact that you can see the grill and prep area. The sound of that meat sizzling makes my mouth water like a Pavlov experiment. The condiment station was clean and so was the dining area.  It could be the cooks or it may just be because its new, but the chicken just tasted better than any of the other El Pollo Locos I have eaten at. I even managed to convert someone who was not into El Pollo Loco food into a fan.  Good food, good service, good prices and a clean restaurant. That's more than enough for me. I'll be back here frequently to see how things progress but based on this first experience I am a very happy camper.
4 I am very happy to report that I no longer hold a grudge against El Pollo Loco.  The chicken is great, the sides are great, and the service is excellent.
4 This is a relatively new addition to the area and it is quite welcome. We stopped by on a Saturday evening for a quick bite and the place was popping. The drive thru line was extremely busy, but I could not be deterred. I wanted healthy food on the cheap.   The line went pretty quickly and they gave me no troubles when I used a coupon I had. The service was fast and efficient and they were very courteous and apologetic about the line. I'll be back. So glad we have another fast food option around the area that isn't fried food oriented.
3 Friendly service but the chicken was burnt...
1 I liked this place until I ordered a spicy chipotle burrito and found out that there was literally a raw piece of chicken in it; which is totally unsatisfactory.  I'm Never coming back here again.
2 Went back for round 2 and again chicken was burnt.
4 I think I'm addicted!  Their chicken is bomb and made fresh to order!  This place is like my go-to place for a healthy dinner after a good workout.  I like to order a 2 pc. leg and thigh meal with corn tortilla, a corn on the cob side, and some pinto or black beans.  Everything is good, including their hot sides. Everything tastes fresh and they have all kinds of sauces. But my favorites are the pico di gallo, and the avocado green sauce.  Yum!
4 Shredded beef quesadilla...not your average, chain restaurant quesadilla.  If you're looking for bland, this is not for you.  Grab some tissue 'cause the spices in this are going to make your nose run!  You can just feel the weight of the beef they pack into this when they hand you the tinfoil package.  Amazing!
4 Fast drive through and chicken is great for a fast food place.
4 When I don't know what to do for dinner and want something quick, but healthy, this is where I go. I usually get a salad (all are great) or the skinless chicken breast combo with veggies and a side salad. The chicken is always delicious and the service is great. Every time I've gone, the cashier is suuuper friendly. The drive thru is always packed when I go, so I just pop inside, which is usually faster. Either way though, it's served up fast!
4 el pollo loco has really good chicken for the price and quality. my dad had some 12 pieces of chicken for 12 bucks and got some kind of chicken pocket pita with avocado and other stuff. really good value.  the chicken isnt all salty and greasy. baked with a seasoning marinade. considering they have to cook it for a while it was still juicy. their spicy guacamole sauce is really good. i didnt like their pico.  after i finish eating im pretty grubby and have food all over my hands a face and scream "VIVA EL CHUPACABRA!"
2 This restaurant is obnoxious.  The employees have all been friendly and I've never had a problem with customer service.  I have a few complaints.  This restaurant is NOISY.    The big hispanic dude chopping the chicken is annoying.  The BANG BANG BANG!!! of the cleaver cutting the chicken echos through the whole restaurant and it is loud.  BANG BANG BANG!!! then he turns around, flips a few chicken carcasses over on the fire, then turns back to the chopping block and BANG BANG BANG!!!  I know they need to cut the chicken but damn... why does it have to be so damn loud???  This store plays "background" music.  Their music isn't bad.  It could be worse-it could be some obnoxious mariachi crap.  But they always seam to have the music turned up really loud.    And maybe it is the design of the restaurant... maybe this store has some weird acoustics... but everything in this building echos.  I was here a few nights ago and you could hear the conversations of everyone sitting around you loud and clear as if they were sitting next to you.  This place gives me a headache.  Did I mention the food?  The food has a good flavor but the portion sizes are a joke.  I remember years ago when El Pollo Loco gave you your money's worth.  Not anymore.  Like every other chain restaurant they too got greedy and give you tiny portions.  i always leave this place hungry.
4 I LIKE IT!!!  If you order your food there, they even give you a little number and they bring your food out to you. Not bad for a fast food joint!  They have healthy options too without outrageous calories. Always a plus. Nom nom! I particularily LOVE the little salsa bar they have inside with several different salsa's and spicy peppers! Nom nom!!!
5 Love their food! Their salads are great & their tacos are fantastic!!! A little pricey but for healthier fast food it's going to be.
4 Never let down by EPL!  Reliable for a quick, affordable, tasty, and potentially healthy (depending what you get) meal.  I always go with the 3 piece white meat combo: 2 whole breast, a wing, 2 sides, and a drink for less than 10 bones.  Can't beat it!  Why get a greasy fake burger at Icky Mickey's when you can have whole white meat that isn't cooked behind an iron curtain.  Love that they're grilling whole chickens in plain view!  We live nearby so they're our GoTo family spot when we need something quick and cheap.
4 One of the few "fastfood" restaurants that I can walk away without feeling terribly guilty.   Their food is fresh, and they have great service.   Okay, it's nothing fancy...just a little Taco Bell type spot but on higher level. El pollo loco serves real chicken. You can see the giant grill behind the counter with  dozens of delectable roasting chickens.  It's like every day is a Mexican family reunion and you're invited!   Don't skip out on dessert if you're a fan of flan^*^  The drive-thru is fast. The food might be a few dollars more than say taco bell... but you're getting much better food.
5 The service is excellent. The food is very flavorful. Great grilled chicken plus salsa bar and drink combo for around $5-$6. I would definitely keep coming.
5 CLEAN,GREAT customer service Best fast food place,  Love coming here,
2 I ordered their new Avocado Burrito with a small soda, they corrected me "you mean the number nine" (a chicken avocado burrito)... Um ok, they'd know their menu better right?    WRONG... The chicken avocado burrito is DOUBLE in calories and fat (I couldn't even finish eating it, it was so gross)... Be careful when ordering, you may end up with more than you bargain for.
4 I don't even remember when was the last time I had El Pollo Loco so on my way back from Cali I decided to stop by and get something. I was starving so I ended up getting the 12 piece meal with a side of Mac n cheese, cole slaw and mashed potatoes, ALL to myself . The drive thru was fast, efficient and super friendly. My only complaint is that they are not very generous on their condiments.
4 When this place first opened I ate here almost once a week. But as time went on the service got a little sloppy and slow. But it's still a go to establishment.  But just make sure you check your order.
