4 Oh Bosa how I love you so. Yes I love donuts oh god do I. I have to urge myself not to want to eat them every day. Just kidding. I really would love to eat donuts every day if they were not so god awfully bad for my teeth and health.  I mean I work a straight work day without eating much I guess it wouldn't be that bad. Its the idea though these donuts are so damn good in my opinion, I still have yet to try any other place that blows them out of the water but until that day Bosa is my savior in the morning when I'm in a rush b/c not only are they decently priced but they have a drive thru! Only problem is that there is always people there waiting in line for these delicious fried dough covered in loads of sugar. I cannot help that I love sweets, and these are too good to stay away from!
3 I expected to be impressed. I thought I would be wowed. I anticipated being pleased. I wanted to be delighted.  I was not.  The donuts were more like grocery store quality.  In fact I got a donut a few days later at Fry's  Grocery Store that was better.  I evaluate donuts by the standards set by my beloved Amy Joy donuts back in Michigan, by Winchells Donuts in San Diego, and by the ones I've eaten occasionally at Krispy Kreme.  I don't splurge on donuts often so when I do I want them to be worth the calories in enjoyment.  These weren't.  I ordered a dozen donut holes for 99 cents, I mean, who can't resist a bargain?  They we're okay, but not wonderful.  I got a cream filled donut, my true measure of quality and taste.  The filling was not fluffy and was way too sweet, like bleh quality cake icing.  I gave it a C- or D+.  I also got a breakfast sandwich with bacon and egg to eat the next morning in my motel room and it was good enough for under $3.    Overall I just wasn't impressed enough to return.  I'll just wait for the next treat till I get out to the area where the KK is or try another spot.  This is a disappointment since Bosa's is just down the street from my motel.  Oh well.
5 just moved nearby this BoSa and away from another popular pink and orange logo-ed establishment.  These are the fresh made donuts I remember from childhood. they are delicious, tender and my new best friend.   My family loves them too, we are total fans and will never go back to that other place.
4 I'm a fan because this place is 24 hours and I may need a place to loiter at 3am. If I decide to hang out like a bum, I can get some donuts and boba drinks if I want.  Donuts and Boba drinks are OK decent to below average. Not the best. But 24 HOURS! You can stuff your face at 4am if you want to.
5 Best donut and clean place
5 oh man! I'm addicted to this place like crack cocaine! PLEASE NOTE I'VE NEVER TRIED DRUGS TO INCLUDE CRACK COCAINE BUT I CAN IMAGINE HOW AN ADDICTION WORKS BECUASE I'VE GOT ONE FOR THIS PLACE. Apple fritter warmed up, ham & chees croissant complimented with jalapeno's & a Thai Tea! Of course the other doughnuts are delish but you gotta pimp your Fav's-am I right people.....
5 I like this Bosa, its within walking distance of my house. The Donuts are good and i enjoy their drink selection. I also like how cute some of their employees are.
5 Donuts are AMAZING!! Fresh, soft and light with dense but not overly sweet fillings. We are big fans of Bosa!!
1 The rudest and worst customer service I have received. Donuts were not that amazing the Thai tea was horrific! First time ever coming here and definitely will be my last time!
5 Bosa Donuts is the best donut place!  Their donuts are the softest and the taste is amazing!
5 Been here a couple of times and I thought I wrote a review about this place but I guess not. Better late than never! Found this place on yelp one night after a night of shopping and was craving a glazed donut! Bosa donuts to the rescue! The donuts were soft, warm and fluffy and oh so yummy! We got a dozen donuts and a boba drink!  I wish they had a stamp card for this place because free donuts is always a plus! My daughters love the chocolate, I love glazed and my husband likes the old fashioned kind! All yummy and fresh from here! Stop by and grab a dozen or two for family or friends, you won't regret it! :)
4 In town for a few days and my Dad, who has a nose for donuts, found this great gem not to far from our hotel.  Am always weary about donut places in the late afternoon but was really pleased by selection and freshness there.  Apple fritters were Amazing and croissants pretty darn flaky! Had a Boba and was very happy with that. Enjoy!
5 Oh man, this place knows how to do donuts! Melt in your mouth delicious..if donuts are your thing try this place out. Only thing I wish the flavored ice coffee was flavored coffee and not just added syrup.
