2 I received a coupon to come in and try them because they were open. We were looking forward to trying this mid eastern style place. I saw the big banners saying they were open. We walked in and were Thrown Out at approximately 5:30 because they reserved the place for a party. Not a soul was there and they wouldn't even let us sit in the bar. My first impression wasn't a good one. The woman asked us to come back tomorrow. If they put a note on the door I would be more understanding. I hope they let YOU in when you make the trip.
4 This place just opened about 3 weeks ago in the old Famous Sams building. We walked in about 5:45 yesterday evening (Thursday) There was one other table at the time when we were seated. The building is quite large on the inside, with 4-top, 2-top and similar table setups. They have a stage, dance floor. Large bar area with ample seating. They offer music, belly dancing and such on Friday and Saturday nights. The Saturday menu is also a package deal so you get more of their menu in one package for cheaper. They also offer a hooka lounge area with hooka menu.  They had one person seating, waitng on customers as well as making drinks (even though she wasnt a bartender according to her). Our drinks were so so. But we will let her slide on that due to the fact that she did get 4 or 5 more tables at one time while we were there. They should consider having maybe one more person who can bartend/help serve. They do have a great list of craft beers and a speciality mixed drink menu that isn't too shabby!  Service is what took a star away on my review.  We started with a Lebanese sausage that was served with onion, peppers. It was quite flavorful and great portion size. We were brought a basket of fresh hot rolls that were white, wheat, and poppy seed, with a thyme, vinaigrette dipping oil that was quite flavorful. My boyfriend had the Lamb Chops dinner which came with 4 nicely sized lamb chops broiled with mjadara, sautéed vegetables & grape leaves stuffed with rice and spices. The lamb was melt in your mouth and seasoned perfectly. I had the Cleopatra special which offered a chicken, filet mignon and Kafta Kababs (ground beef) with rice, grilled tomato and onion. A side of a garlic butter type sauce was on the side which was to die for and I had asked for a second serving and did not receive it either due to the one person and the rush she was hit with while we were there. Overall I am very happy to have finally found a place that makes killer beef kabobs that are not tough or under flavored. I will give the service a second chance. I think they are newly opened and going thru growing pains so I would suggest checking them out. Great food. We plan to go back on a Saturday night to check out the entertainment.
2 The sofa section with the hookahs and the dance floor looked like something I wanted to partake in but the service was less than wonderful and the food was undercooked - I've had better.  Unfortunately, most Middle Eastern restaurants that I have been to lack In the service department. We were the 2nd table in the Egyptian themed restaurant. About 10 min after us, a large group came in and the one server/bartender didn't seem to be able to cut it. We had an appetizer before we had even ordered our main meal. We were done with the appetizer before we even got a chance to get drinks or order our main meals. This meant that we were sitting with menus in our hands while eating the appetizer. It wouldn't have been a big deal but I really wanted to have a drink other than water as well.   The appetizer we got was the Cleopatra platter for $15 and it had a lot of food with it! I think the best item on the platter was the Tabouleh but adding the meat to the hummus was also pretty tasty. For me, that's where the praise ends.  The service was poor due to being understaffed so I had to flag down someone when my Salmon Kabob came out RAW. The Shrimp Kabob was good but it was not an easy process to actually get to the meat. Even after the Salmon was replaced, no one bothered to even offer to discount any part of the meal. Overall, I am disappointed and will probably not go back.  Meh. I've experienced better.
1 POOR SERVICE , BAD DRINKS , and SPOILED FOOD.  I do note the poor service was NOT the waitress's fault as she alone was waiting on close to fifty people all by herself.  We looked at the wine selection and decided to go with mixed drinks so we ordered a mojito and long island iced tea. When the drinks arrived we tasted them and they nearly tasted the same. Both tasted mainly of budget artificial lemon aid drink mix. Nether of us could stomach these drinks. The drinks were truly horrible.  We ordered two appetizers, the falafels and the Lebanese Muhammara (spicy red pepper and walnut  dip). I thought the dip was good but the falafels weren't really made right. They were fluffy but had hard things in them that might have been chunks of uncooked hard beans?, unless it was something nonfood?  I was afraid I might break my teeth eating them.  Our dinners arrive and when I took a bite out of the salmon it wasn't right. The salmon was past not fresh and was spoiled. My husband confirmed it as spoiled. The waitress is running around with lots of tables and never comes back. I am left with a plate of spoiled fish to look at. I nibble on the few vegetables I have and notice they cooked some of my tomatoes but added a RAW tomato to plate. (see photo) My husband gives me some food off his plate so I'd have some dinner.  On the cleopatra plate the Kafta had good flavor but was dry. The Chicken was flavorful and good. The filet mignon was so overdone it was dry , chewy and tasteless and didn't even taste like beef with no beef flavor left in it. The plate was came with a little cup that I thought might be hummus but turned out to be unmelted garlic butter.  If somebody puts a gun  to your head and makes you come here for dinner get the chicken kabob.  The waitress arrives and ask if I want a box for my plate. I told her no because the fish was spoiled. She told the management and nobody said anything to me but my meal was removed only because I had a buy one get one coupon.  You won't see any belly dancers either unless you eat dinner at 9pm or later.  This is a new business and I hope they work things out and improve because we have very few nice places to dine at in this part of town.  BUT I NEVER imagined the first time I was here and didn't eat would be the better of my two visits.  I do feel slightly bad but not completely.  My thoughts are I can't forgive about spoiled fish they didn't care about but I did enjoy the chicken and the pepper dip.   But bad management can spoil a place as we know.
1 I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern cuisine but I regret to say that much of the food at Cleopatra was decidedly bad. The humus and spinach pie appetizers were both tasty but the "fresh" grilled tilapia brought on the gag reflex. It was anything but fresh. The kafta kebab also tasted like it had seen one day too many. The sirloin kebab was tender and good and the salmon kebab was just OK. The desserts (baklava, knafe, and baklava fingers) all tasted rancid or at the very least, they were not made with butter but rather a less expensive shortening substitute. The subpar cuisine was matched by loud background radio (with commercials).  Apart from the very pleasant wait staff, the food and soundtrack combined to make this dining experience very unpleasant. As another reviewer said, I hope they can improve because the West Valley needs more decent non-chain restaurants.
4 My dinner here tonight was really pleasant.  We ordered the hot appetizers plate, which gave us a nice sampling of several items, all of which where good. The lamb chops were terrific - juicy, grilled just right, and with great flavor; I love lamb and these were the best lamb chops I've had in years! I was also pleased by the items in the Cleopatra plate - properly grilled chicken, beef, kafta, and vegetable kebabs on a bed of fluffy basmati rice.  The dining area is very spacious, table settings were impeccable, and the service was very friendly and gracious. I am glad that we have this new restaurant in this northwest part of metro Phoenix.
4 I've just had an excellent Mediterranean / middle eastern meal and without doubt the best, most tender, flavorful lamb I've ever had in my life.  Our server was gracious, helpful, and friendly, and lovely to boot.  She informed us her grandfather had just arrived from Lebanon to their kitchen - and I don't know if the restaurant was operating poorly without him before as indicated in some other reviews, but I'm glad he made his flight and all was well, very well, in the kitchen and operations tonight..    The other reviews scared us off the salmon and from going on a busy night, but  thank goodness & Groupon, did not keep us from giving the restaurant a try, as neither service nor the food could have been much better.      The inside is large, clean, and neatly appointed. Tables are neatly set with tablecloths and cloth napkins.  Nothing pretentious, but it conveyed a sense of neatness and moderate or higher level of class, compromised a bit by a somewhat incongruously informal level of dress on the part of the manager and some of the light staff, but then it was Sunday night, and slow, at least at our 7:15 PM or so arrival and throughout our meal, though a small number of patrons trickled in during our time there.  I think all appeared to be part of the local middle-eastern community and nearly all appeared to be personally acquainted with the manager or staff..    A substantial area is devoted to hookah smokers and though there were more than there were diners in the undivided restaurant, the odors did not intrude, and were completely undetectable at our table, or when we passed nearer on our way out.     We did not order mixed drinks so cannot speak to the quality of those, but we did note there was a bartender, and not our server doing double-duty.  But as to the food: excellent throughout.  The Cleopatra Platter lists "1 each" of chicken, kafta, and filet mignon kabobs, which consisted of a 3 lines of chunks of each meat spanning the length of the sizeable oblong plate atop a sizeable serving of basmati rice cooked to light, fluffy perfection.  Each chunk of chicken was moist, cooked and lightly seasoned to perfection, and the kafta (or as my spellcheck says "Kafka")  though I lack knowledge to adequately describe it, was also among, if not THE best I've ever had, in that it was not only not dry, but pleasurably seasoned.  Only the filet mignon, a little well-done for my blood-thirsty tastes, was only an ordinary level of "good".   I strongly encourage those who had a less than stellar experience to go back -  on a slower night.  Perhaps grandfather wasn't in the kitchen or the limited staff was just overwhelmed on the night you were there, but you would be depriving yourself to not give Cleo another opportunity to float your barge as well as they did ours.
5 We went here for our date night.  It was amazing....The waitress was wonderful...She knew the menu and was able to answer all our questions.  I had the grilled tilapia...It was cooked to perfection...The rice and grilled veg's were spot on also.  My husband had the steak kebab.  He said the steak was jucy and full of flavor.  The service was excellent.  Never had to ask for anything.  We will be back...Many times...Great experience....
5 My husband and I ate here tonight after buying their groupon a couple weeks ago. The service was good and the food was outstanding! We tried 3 different appetizers- the cheese borak (AMAZING), the hummus with meat (DELICIOUS) and the spinach pies (good but not outstanding). For our entree we both had the Cleopatra platter... 3 kebobs- chicken, kafta and filet mignon. The chicken and kafta were VERY flavorful, the filet was good but not quite as great as the other 2 kebobs. By far the best thing on the plate was the garlic dip/sauce that came with the chicken. A delicious creamy, garlic sauce that was good on everything! ;-) I highly recommend the restaurant and am very confused by the bad reviews on the restaurant. We will for sure be going back. The location is kinda in a hidden spot, but I hope the restaurant sticks around for awhile...I'm glad to finally have a good middle eastern place in the area! Give it a try!
5 The food was amazing! We had the hot appetizer platter and the Cleopatra platter... We will definitely return... Soon!
1 There is no where else I can go to chill and just draw, this horrible city in Arizona is filled with just bars, fast food restaurants, libraries that are never open , countless wal marts and mechanic shops. Lots of furniture shops too.  The parks are filled with dog shit and surrounded by driving cars, there is no where  to just sit down and draw.    So when this interesting Mediterranean restaurant comes into town I though It would be a nice place to chill, eat and draw.   It was nice at first, the waiters were great, they had live music and I cannot draw without music playing. I love creating new things with my work while experiencing new food and music.  I didn't like the food very much but I was willing to pay just to stay for the music, so I can make some art to it.   After about the 5th day I came here they told me I wasn't allowed to Draw here,  No explanation, just a stern look and told me I need to leave my work in the car.   Basically what it would have left me with was very bland , over priced food.  Although I get to listen to the music, my attention instead is focused on all the   drunken people dancing around- Which is  a shame because I can channel all that musical energy into a really interesting piece of work.    Well I can't find any place around this city that doesn't tell me to Buy shit and get the fuck out, and I'm always stuck at home because of it. So I won't be coming back to this Bar that sells itself as middle eastern/Mediterranean.       Don't be fooled, this is just another one of the countless bars that Infest this boring suburb, it has a facade of being middle eastern, and its run by middle eastern people, but it is another square that cares more about serving alcohol in this city of squares filled with alcohol. There is no culture here and takes itself more seriously than it should for a place that is just starting out.  the middle east isn't about alcohol and shitty food, it's about real food...and opium.  If you want Mediterranean food, try the Greek Wraps, the Greek Pita, or Chicago Gyros , lots of places around here serve Mediterranean food and actually have the Mediterranean hospitality of giving you a lot of food for a little bit of money, rather than a lot of money for rubbery meat.  In short, told I cant draw there, rubbery, overpriced meat. I mean it took like an hour for the food to get there, what else can I do to pass the time?   And here is a separate review for the music. -  I love music so much, I don't just listen to it, I study it and perform it.  I like the live music here, though they play lots of shit, some of the dance songs go back to the older rhythms and melodies of popular middle eastern songs I love.  However those good songs are few and far between- they play this garbage that sounds like britney spears and justin bieber but with a commercial license from dubai.  They need to play some Om Kalthoum, fairuz, Abdel Wahab,  bring back the old school and not   this techno-looping, headache inducing drum beat. Get a freaking real drummer and do some solos, stop with these pre recorded smooth jazz synth melodies and bring some ancient egyptian Royal Pharoah music to make this place differentiate itself from every fucking place around here.  -Mishmish
5 Love my nationality. Absolutely love this place and Mijana. Very fun for an Assyrian and Chaldean get together!
3 My boyfriend and I had lunch here today. This is a big place and it's beautifully decorated. We were literally the ONLY people eating there, so it was like we had a private restaurant. I was glad to hear from the waitress that the food is Halal, because this means I can bring my mom and family here someday and they can eat anything on the menu.  We had the Cleopatra Hot combination appetizer which came with Kibbe fried, cheese borak, Sambosik, Falafel, and Lolli pop chicken. The lollipop chicken had this wonderful chile type sauce on it and the cheese borak was delicious. We also ordered a greek salad with chicken, which was big enough for two people to share plus I brought a good amount home. The waitress was attentive and made sure we didn't want for anything. I wish they had some exotic non-alcoholic drinks instead of the standard coke products. Standard fare Mediterranean, nothing special and nothing bad.
1 Dined here last night while attending a benefit comedy show the show started at 8pm so we arrived at 6:30 so we could talk and eat dinner.  When seated we immediately got water but then our waitress was no where to be found.  When we saw her again  we couldn't seem to get her attention. After a long wait we finally did by then several friends of ours who were also there early for dinner and the show, couldn't get service so I told her they wanted to orderr. With prompting she finally waited on their table as well.  Other friends of ours who were there for the show walked out because of the poor service because they were hungry and tired of waiting. THE SERVICE HERE WAS TERRIBLE ! We had to ask for everything from that point on because the waitress like in the review Pepper T. was alone so it wasn't her fault. The restaurant was warned that the place would be busy for the benefit and they only had one server on the floor.   There was three of us in my party. Kathy R. my wife and myself. We ordered coconut shrimp and spinach pies for appetizers. After a while the waitress informed us they were out of the coconut shrimp at that point we ordered our drinks since the waitress still hadn't asked what we wanted. I stuck with water my wife Carol got a coke and our friend Kathy R. ordered an ice tea.  Because we were there for the comedy show and we were visiting with a lot of people we knew before we realized it an hour had gone by and still no food yet people all around us were getting served. We ordered the Kafta Kabab ( $13.95 )  which was marinated ground beef mixed with minced onions and seasoning and Filet Mignon Kabob ( $16.95 ) Marinated Filet Mignon with grilled veggies. But after another hour waiting for our food there was still nothing. When we finally inquired where our food was we were told by the waitress she lost our ticket but our food was in the back and she would get it. More waiting and waiting and waiting. By now the comedy show started and it was 8pm and our food finally arrived.   Both of the Kababs were not hot they were warm, the meat was overcooked, dry and tough. I was expecting a flavorful Lebanese food , NOT!! Would have been much better warmer. The waitress never even asked how our food was. They get a single star only for the pita and the rice, beyond that.... fast food has a leg or two up on their food. Sad but true!   FOOD: The kebabs were dry and without much flavor. Overall a big waste of money. We left hungry, and needless to say I was pretty dissatisfied with the whole establishment, the food and can not recommend it. PRICE: Expensive for what you get. The food is my main complaint, which is pretty serious if the review is about a restaurant. SERVICE:  EXTREMELY SLOW !!. Obviously I'm waiting for my food and even after asking about it were still waiting.. but still no word... Seriously?  AMBIANCE:  Modern Middle eastern with plenty of room. Definitely NOT short on ambience. But my review is not about the ambience or the comedy show it's on the food there. CONCLUSION:I rate this place at a 1 Not worth wasting your money. We're never spending another penny at this place. Sad the first time I ate here and it will definitely be the very last RETURN FACTOR: 0  ************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************  5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!  4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business.  3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again.  2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.  1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
1 My fiance' and his family have taken multiple large parties to this restaurant over the last few years.  The food is always awesome and we have always received excellent service WHEN WE ARE WITH THEM.  However, today I went in to make a catering order for our small wedding ceremony we are having in a week.  I called ahead, spoke TO THE OWNER who said he was the person I should speak to and I informed him I would be in in an hour.  I was and I asked for Tony.  I ended up sitting at the bar for over an hour with no Tony.  We had ordered an appetizer while we were waiting and never got the check.  I ended up storming out after getting no attention from anyone.    THIS IS AN OWNERSHIP PROBLEM ALL THE WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The staff was too sparse for the party that was going on and everyone was angry.  The bartender had one helper and there were no waitresses.  And, by the way, the bartender had to read from a book to figure out a drink that was ordered and it took her 20 minutes to figure it out.  On top of everything else, one of the partners of the establishment was sitting right next to me at the bar and never once offered help or introduced himself.  Guess he figured he didn't look like anyone so I wouldn't know who he was.    I am telling my in-laws to never take another party there and I will never darken their door again until it says 'UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP' above the sign.
1 This is the first review I have ever written only because for the first time ever I feel it is 100% warranted.  Please heed the previous posts about extremely poor service, or no service at all!  I'm sorry I didn't.  My boyfriend and I decided to give this place a try since it's right in our neighborhood and wanted to stay away from the typical chain restaurants.  We walked in around 5pm on a Friday to an empty restaurant.  There were two people sitting in the hookah lounge, no one at the bar.  Not even a bar tender.  The hostess/waitress seated us right away, gave us menus and said she would be right back with water, which she was.  That was the last we ever saw of her.  Even when she poured the waters she never asked us for a drink order, appetizers, nothing.  We waited, waited, waited.  She walked by a few times with what appeared to be an order pad but she also had a large notepad and seemed to be more interested in planning the evening's entertainment than taking care of us.  Even after trying to flag her down a few times she just ignored us.  So after twenty minutes we walked out....and proceeded across the parking lot to Le Chalet where they have a great happy hour and awesome food!
4 After 13 months Norm R and I returned to Cleo's on Saturday evening, 10/19/13, and we remain totally satisfied customers who loved the food before and now. This time I went for the lamb chops I'd sampled before and they were equally perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, tender, moist, and just, well, perfect.  The plate also included I think 4 stuffed grape leaf pieces, which were quite satisfying and tasty, and a bed of fluffy  (basmati?) rice.   There were perhaps two groups of 10-12 each, and one other pair of unaffiliated customers in the large dining room.  Our server was friendly, helpful, and kept on the move.  I did not notice if there was another server, but as on our previous visit, there was a separate person serving as bartender, so our server was not doing double duty. My water glass only went dry once for a couple of minutes, and never required flagging our waitress down for refill.   Having a bit to spare at the end, we treated ourselves to a baklava, which unusually but deliciously, was served warm.    Not so much a negative as a distraction, there were perhaps four barren, slightly battered small tables with chairs outside along the sidewalk. With no tablecloths or anything else, they just gave the impression of being a place for the middle eastern guys to sit outside and smoke, though they were unoccupied on this occasion.  Overall however, we thoroughly enjoyed the meal and have no complaints about the service.    Good Lord and Groupon willing, I'm hoping for far less time in between the next visit.
5 This place is great, good hookah, well made cocktails and hummus that will make you question all other hummus you have ever eaten!
4 Love everything about this place!...except the service. We went on a Sat night for a friend's birthday. The belly dancer was awesome and funny. The band was excellent. Everybody there was super friendly and welcoming. And the food was so good! Our only complaint was that the bartenders & waitresses seemed to not really care that there were customers there. We bought a Yelp deal and they were refusing to honor it...then we went up to the bar to talk to someone else and he refused to honor it. My fiancee, who works at Yelp, knew it was valid & that they had to honor it & eventually they did. A minor inconvenience though for an otherwise great night!
5 Went back here tonight with my family. They loved the zucchini rings and the saffron rice. Mom likes the grape leaves. The wings are really good. The lamb was a little bland. I like the feta in the Greek salad and the olives were delicious. The atmosphere is nice, it's not loud, you can have a conversation. Nice bar and hookahs.
5 Unlike the real Cleopatra who swooned her subjects with her beauty and majestic presence, this Cleopatra is a plain Jane from the exterior.  It's in a non-descript strip mall next to Winco and from the exterior, it looks like a sad, forgotten bar.  And we were a little confused by their hours of operation from 3pm-midnight. Luckily, this Cleopatra is anything but plain Jane when you walk thru the front door.  It's by no means fancy.  Instead, I felt like minutes before I was in Phoenix, AZ and now I am in another country, more specifically Turkey. The interior of the restaurant is what I imagine a restaurant in Turkey would be set up.  To the left, big seating area with couches for those communal pipes and drinking of coffee and tea by men.  To the right, lots of table and chairs with numbers on them for what I assume is for karoke singing and dancing as to the right side back there is a band setup, karoke machine, and a dance floor. The best surprise, which every restaurant strives for and what costumers to write about is that the FOOD was delicious, excellent, and mouth watering yum, yum! We ordered the Cleopatra salad, spinach pie, falafel, lamb chops and chicken kabob. The salad dressing on the salad had just the right amount of herbs and tanginess that it opened up our appetite.  My son devoured the chicken kabob and asked if we could get the recipe from the restaurant.  My husband and I loved the spinach pie, falafel, and I loved the lamb chops.  The lamp chops were perfectly grilled.  And the falafels were possibly the best I've ever had.  Slightly crispy on the outside but oh so delicate, moist and flaky on the inside. Throughout our dinner, we commented that we were soooo happy to have come here, what a pleasant surprise the food was as from the exterior, we did not expect much and how we would definitely return again as good Mediterranean food is hard to find in the Valley. So Cleopatra, thanks for a wonderful dining experience and see you soon again!
1 My boyfriend and I were going to eat at this restaurant even after reading some of the negative reviews for this place. When we got to the door, we noticed how run-down this place was although they've only been there for a year.  Upon entering, it was very bright and had cafeteria-styled seating to the right, rows of sofas for hookahs on the left, a giant bar at center, and was not-at-all busy for a Friday night. There was one waitress as far as we could tell, who was confused by why we were there, "are you here to stay for dinner, or...?" We were seated, began reading the menu, and everything was quite expensive.  We decided based on the ambiance to go to the amazing fondue and crepe place just across the parking lot.
4 Not as good as Persian Room, yet they have really good meat and great service.  Hookah is well packed, hookah guys are nice and change out charcoal and maintain regularly. Lots of options.  They also have live music sometimes. Drinks are pretty good too.
5 The food here is absolutely amazing.  It hasn't been busy either time that I came, but for the price and the serving size, I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for something out of the ordinary and truly unique.  The inside has a great atmosphere complemented with music videos of artists from all over the Middle East, Eastern Europe, and Northern Africa.  Definitely check this place out!
2 Love the food here, but I just came by at 6:30 on a Friday to get some food and they're closed... nothing posted on the door that they would be closed during this time... super disappointed. Please update your hours of operation if you're going to be closed. That's just bad business.
1 this was the worst service by far, this place is under staffed, for such a big place that gets pretty busy on weekends it only has 3 servers that ive seen  when we have a party of 10 or 15 and there is one server who has many other tables that are also big parties it takes forever! i have never waited so long for a simple hookah.   the BAR IS EVEN WORSE THERE IS TWO OR ONE BARTENDERS AND THEY ARE SLOW THEY SUCK AT MIXING DRINKS. AND THEY ARE OVERPRICED.  I pay for quality and if i am paying a good chunck of cash on the weekend i expect good service. they need more staff for sure. and new bartenders. it just takes too long for everything. even when the place is packed. Im never going back. dont waste your time.
5 Everything was excellent. This food is outstanding, loaded with flavour, and it was delivered very quickly.
1 I took my fiancé here for a romantic dinner with a groupon I purchased for him. We love Middle Eastern food and couldn't wait to try out the kabobs and basmati rice, humice and falafel.  We went in and the place was almost empty, with just a few couples dining.  There must have been about 10 staff members, several of whom were sitting in the hookah lounge, smoking, yet we had to wait to be seated. Televisions with Arabic programs were playing a bit too loudly, but that did not deter us despite wanting a nice atmosphere.  Should have left from these minor issues, but had a groupon to use so shook it off and waited.  We were seated in the middle of the room next to the hookah lounge and ordered our food and a drink.  All was well for about 10 minutes.  Then all of a sudden, staff started hauling couches and lounge chairs out of the restaurant and hauling folding tables and chairs in through the back and past our table.  They opened the doors in the back and hauled in several chairs at a time, laying the chairs all over.  It was a circus and the place was freezing because the doors were open.  It was like dining in the middle of a house where the movers came in to move you out.  It was loud, chaotic and anything BUT romantic and pleasant.  At first I politely asked what was going on and to please close the door because we were cold. They did no such thing and the service only got worse. The waitress told us that even though it was chaotic now, the fun would be coming because they had belly dancers coming, so to just be patient. They claimed a big party was coming in without notice (we are talking about 80 people and that they needed to prepare for them. Then I was angry and complained about being cold and being seated where we were practically being hit by legs of chairs while staff hauled them in...to which they made excuses.  Our food arrived, we shoveled in what we could and got the bill with no deductions for the disasterous service and chaos in the place. I am not even sure about the quality of the food because I was so ticked off about everything else, it was ridiculous. The belly dancers or whatever music get-up they had planned were not there by the time we left at 9pm and I wouldn't have stayed if the real Elvis arrived on stage!  The groupon was not worth what we paid for it and in fact, it was the WORST dining experience I have EVER had.  Heck I have had better dining experiences in the McDonald's Playland!  I would not ever go back to this horrific place. The only positive thing about the whole place was the lamps and getting out of there without getting hit in the head with a chair leg! I have to give it a one star, but it hurt to even give them one!
1 The food is great, but the restaurant is shady. I placed a large order through GrubHub and waited for for over an hour and a half until the expected delivery time. Then I waited another 30 minutes for good measure, when I called GrubHub they talked with the restaurant and they were informed by the restaurant that they did not have a driver and they did not make the order.   This is appalling to me, all the restaurant had to do was contact GrubHub and tell them they were not able to complete the order. I would not have been happy, but I would not have waited two hours with no food being made. This makes me re-think whether I should even return to the restaurant to eat in.
