4 I just recently switched from Cox to CenturyLink due to the availability of PrismTV (IPTV powered by MediaRoom) in my area of Chandler.  We got the Complete package with DVR plus phone and internet.  The TV doesn't live up to the hype of the sales man (you can't watch over the web at home and can't access the DVR from computers - at least as far as I have figured out yet) but the service is good.  TV - none of the lag of Cox digital.  The channels change fast, no pixelation at our house and On Demand has always worked on demand.  Cox was giving us lag, pixelation and sound that lagged - this was the biggest reason for the switch  Phone - great no complaints.  Internet - the installation was a pain, the guy needed access to the attic and had to cut a hole in the wall (fortunately we had CAT5 cable in the house or it would have been worse).  I almost cancelled the switch but since we had CAT 5  it worked out ok.  The router/modem combo seems really solid.  We are running 9 devices with no problems so far.  The speed tests don't seem great (speedtest.net) but the games my kids play work well, movies on netflix stream great and webpages load quickly (pings are fast).    Sales pitch - some kid came around with no documentation, no cards, a lot of hype and little detail.  I did some research on my own and the kid came back a few times and we finally decided to make the switch.  If you are in the Chandler area it is worth a try if it is offered.  Bottom line - we are only a few days into it but no regrets so far.  If you don't give this a negative update in the next few weeks you will know we are still happy.
2 After getting the first bill I have realized that the salesperson completely lied to me about the price, phone and internet alone cost about what he said the whole package would cost.  In the end we are paying about $40 more than Cox and I have yet to recieve our $150 gift card.  I need to call CS and complain about the charges and then write BBB and maybe the FCC if things don't get straightened out.  Of course, the sales person wouldn't put anything in writing so I am probably hosed.
1 Customer service is horrible. We tried to switch TV, Internet and phone from Cox because of the price and prism tv. It was a nightmare. When they installed prism TV our box crashed and they had to come out a couple times trying to fix it. Our account was messed up and they couldn't get our phone number ported over and internet was down. They then told us they would need to mail us a new modem because the Internet wasn't working and our service tech even told us that didn't make sense. We cancelled within 12 hours of installing. The service techs who actually installed everything were the only good thing about Centurylink as they were empathetic to the issues and were just as frustrated as we were. To top it all off they charged us for install and phone service we didn't get.
1 Tried to get their Prism TV service, what a fiasco. They were supposed to install the Prism and port my phone # from another provider. Install tech showed up and knew nothing of the port request, so we just proceeded with the installation of the TV service. 3 days later my internet (and TV) went down, I suspect because someone did something to the provisioning for the phone number port. I called tech support, they could not find my account, got bounced around to a couple of people till someone could finally find my account in the "AZ system" who then transferred me to tech support. Level 1 had me reboot modem, (like I hadn't already done that) and when that did not work they escalated to Tier2. The Tier 2 guy figured out there was something wrong with my account and said I needed to talk to customer service, he then blind transferred me to customer service and did not explain the problem to the rep. At this point I had been on the phone for almost two hours, I decided that I was going to cancel the service. I asked to be put back to what I had before and (DSL and DirecTV bundle) ther rep instead closed my whole account and transferred me to someone else. In the end I spent OVER 4HOURS on the phone to get my service restored (they had to create a whole new account for me) and I am not sure if my pricing will be right. DO NOT SIGN UP WITH CENTURYLINK, THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL!!!!
1 Garbage company and lie about cost.  Received a special promotion for one year of 29.99 internet...first bill was around 80 dollars cuz they included a 40 dollar service fee they didn't tell me upfront about.  I thought I paid the bill over the phone but didn't and my internet seized up on me saying I owed, thought it was no big deal.  Turned out I missed paying on my 2nd bill which I never received.  The rude lady said they don't send bills in the mail because they are an internet service and you should get payment alerts via email.  I sure didn't, so I owed 6 dollars just to make the payment over the phone...and now an additional 25 dollars to reactivate the account.  It took 2 hours to get my internet working again.  This is turning out to be no deal at all.  I have no idea when to pay my bills other then looking at my account on their website I guess, cuz I don't get their notifications.  I hate this company, can't believe they won't send a monthly bill other then the initial one.
1 FAIL. FAIL. FAIL. FAIL. I am within my 30 days of free trial. I have had Century Link for two weeks and it hasn't worked almost at all (Except when the technician left) that entire time. Your customer service is a travesty. I've wasted over 4 hours on the line with barely literate morons. None of them could do their jobs worth spit, or even give me any kind of relevant answer. The last twit, "Tyler from Boise", listened to my entire description of the problem and then transferred me to a line that promptly disconnected me. Thanks CenturyLink. Changing your name from Qwest clearly didn't disguise the same dismal customer service fiascoes everyone knows you for. Way to waste hours and hours of my time, just for giving you a chance to redeem yourself. DO NOT TRANSFER ME TO ANOTHER DEPARTMENT. DO NOT CHARGE ME FOR A DIME, AS YOU HAVE NOT PROVIDED A SINGLE OUNCE OF ACTUAL SERVICE TO ME. WHAT. A. COLOSSAL. JOKE.
1 Words cannot express how much of a hatred I have for Century Link! If I had any other   option I would switch in a heartbeat.
1 AWFUL with their contracts!!!! We signed up for a MONTH to MONTH contract knowing we were building a home and now they are telling me we have a termination fee due to canceling prior to 1 year!!!! I NEVER signed a one year contract! It was plain as day we needed month to month until we move into the new house. By the way---Century Link and Prism are separate companies and both apparently have their own contracts. Hilarious, no one ever said anything about this to us until I call to cancel!!!!! NEVER would recommend this company!!!!
1 Horrible customer service,  they will try to rip you off any way they can. Not happy at all with them!!
1 We transferred to CenturyLink from COX because we thought we were getting a better price. NOT! They ask me how many devices. We had in my home so they can get me the right modem.  Well they gave us a 15mbps modem. We were told that should work. Well after a week or two we called back to let them know of the problems we were having with the 15mbps. So the customer rep. Sent us a 20mbps modem. DID NOT WORK for all of our devices and we also found out that ON DEMAND also uses up bandwidth.  THEY FORGOT TO MENTION THAT.. So when we asked about the 40mbps WE FOUND OUT IT'S NOT IN OUR AREA.  REALLY? By this time we received our second bill and it was freaking high. So we called a again to asked them why our bill was so high. The nice customer service rep. Found out they charged us $99 for our second modem that we were leasing like the first one.  so he adjusted the bill. Now we get our third bill it to was very high. So we call again come to find out all of this time DIRECTV was not on the bill. Well, DIRECTV charged for the two months they missed or should I say CenturyLink left off.  so now I'm Pissed because we are now paying almost three hundred by this time for some messed up telephone and Internet service. I actually love my directv so that's a keeper. But CenturyLink has to go...so needless to say I went back to COX for Internet only but at least I know now all of my devices are working. Oh yeah we couldn't get the Verizon discount because we were already on a discount plan with Verizon. ...so stick a fork in me WE ARE DONE....
