1 One of the worst hotels that I have ever stayed in. We paid for 4 nights online for s specific room. We drove in from Northern California and when we got here we went to go check in they told us that they did not have a room. They finally found one after 30 minutes and it was a room we did not even pay for. The food is awful here, you can get a better meal at Mcdonalds. The service is bad and the staff not very nice, and they are untrained. $24.00 for a small pot of coffee is what they wanted to charge me. After balking at that price I got it for 12. The maid service is the worst, they did not change the sheets, they did not replenish the coffee or the cups, they just did a quick vacuum. Some of the garbage from the table not removed. I can say the beds were comfortable so I slept like a baby. Beware do not eat the hotel food. If you drink coffee make sure they replenish the cups and the coffee, they did neither for us.  The WIFI in the rooms is extremely slow, the lobby is better.  There are better hotels for the price that they are asking for this one. It is slightly overpriced for what you get.
1 This place is a major dump. Looks nice from the outside, but super dirty elevators, hallways, walls, carpets, rooms. Unbelievable. Not sure how it can be this bad. It looks like 20 years of neglect but is less than five years old. Bring your black light and Purell. Be sure to wear shoes in your room. Nasty.
4 Interesting the negative reviews, it seems they are inconsistent right now.  Wifi was fixed, staff was clean, hotel was fairly clean.  I had a great experience.  They had two hockey teams in for a tournament, plus whatever else to sell out the hotel.  but, they still got us an early check-in, and late check-out.  Yeah, ok, I noticed the emergency exit signs had not been dusted.  But, our room was clean, the lobby seemed clean.  I will say, they had used some white/cream carpet upstairs in the foyer area - showed dirt really bad, but I think that was a carpet selection, not a cleaning, issue.  Outdoor pool was heated - it was nice.  Only issue - I am not sure if I have stayed at nicer DoubleTrees, or they are changing the brand standard, but the "restaurant & bar" were not much above a Best Western.  The breakfast was only a buffet, and the "restaurant" was really just a bunch of tables in a hidden away part of the lobby.  The staff in the restaurant was great, but it was not what I have seen in the past from DoubleTree.  I am used to separate, dedicated areas.  Maybe I am begind on brand standards.  It's like three minutes from San Tan Village, and they have several places open until 2 am, so we were still able to meet friends somewhere to drink.  Totally would stay here again.
3 If anything, go for the signature Doubletree chocolate chip and walnut cookie given at check-in. I kid, I kid. No seriously, the cookies are addicting. My whole family was on that like we hadn't eaten in days.  What does that have to do with the hotel? Nothing, really. I just wanted to point that out.  Back to my review:  We thought this was a decent hotel for a week's stay during Christmas. A couple of pluses for us:  - Small in-room fridge with enough room for drinks and small boxes of leftovers, microwave (for said leftovers), and coffeepot with tea and coffee (duh),  - Double bed rooms had a big enough layout that we weren't on top of one another or tripping over luggage.  - Bathrooms: functional with big counter space.  - They don't have a gift shop, but there is a vending machine in a small nook area by the front desk. They also sell some snacks and toiletries. (FYI - the nearest CVS or Walgreens is a drive so in case you forgot something, this will do.)  - We didn't take advantage but the hotel offers a shuttle service to the San Tan mall  nearby. I believe it's free, but something to ask and look into if you want/need to go shopping.   - Staff was friendly, even having to work on the holiday.   If you really want to know the negatives, well...  - There weren't enough lights in the rooms! I mean, I know we're there to sleep and bathe, blah blah blah...but I have a mother whose eyesight isn't that great when a room is dimly lit at night (or in the dark generally). All the lights seem to be in one half of the room (by the front door and desk) and not by the other end of the room.   - Rooms are not sound proof. Yeah, what hotel is, but we could feel the footsteps from the room above and noticed the tv was shaking at times. It was like the circus was in town and the acts were practicing upstairs. I checked. There was no circus that week. Noted for next time - get a room on the top floor.   We enjoyed our stay and will be back in a few months to for my brother's wedding. Though he and my SIL aren't having their reception here, they did block rooms for their out-of-town wedding guests. From what I hear, the hotel is pretty accommodating when it comes to all that wedding stuff.
1 Was totally disappointed with this hotel.  I chose it over the Hampton thinking it would be better.  Well what a surprise I got.  The room smelled horribly, I had to keep the window open the whole time which was right next to a busy road.  The wifi didn't work at all.  They brought a hard line to each room and it didn't even help.  The staff at the front desk were lovely and tried to accommodate, but the hotel struck out as far as I was concerned.  And it was DIRTY.  We stayed two nights, packed our bags and moved a mile away to the Hampton which was cheaper and gorgeous compared to the Doubletree.  If you have a choice, go with the Hampton, beautiful big clean rooms and the staff wonderful and great FREE internet as well.  Sanjay totally took care of us at the Hampton.  Do yourself a favor and stay away from the Doubletree.
5 Stayed here for a wedding! Super room, luxury bedding, wifi, chocolate chip cookies, great breakfast, coffee maker & refrigerator in room. Awesome friendly staff!
4 Love the hotel.  Great Jr Suite. Comfortable Place to Stay. Will Stay again when in the area.  Pool could be bigger.  But nice Hiton Honnors.
1 The worst DoubleTree I have ever stayed in. I thought it would be kind of new but the rooms are not well kept and just seem old.   The guest service is bad. Needed bag for ice around 11pm. Was told that maid service would need to get them and they aren't available until 7am. How in the hell is that acceptable?  Asked do you have a first aid kit with an ice pack; not aware of a first aid kit being available. Showed no interest in working with me to find a solution.  I'm definitely not loving my experience.
3 This property is very conveniently located next to a great shopping village, San Tan, is just off the 202, for quick access to most eastern areas of Phoenix, and is A solidly decent property, meaning while it lacks all the known grandeur of a Hilton.  The staff are wonderful at the front desk, the housekeeping team is professional and every area of the property is well kept, but it doesn't go over the top to impress like other Hilton hotels.  Parking isn't the greatest, but tier is still considerable undeveloped land to the right of the property.
1 DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY!! Our room was filthy dirty! Stains on the carpet, gravel and hair on the floor of the bathroom, I wiped it with a cloth and it was black, full of hair and dirt. Hair in the tub, soap scum on the soap shelf in the shower, hair on the toilet and TOP of the toilet tank! Food crumbs by the microwave, dirty microwave and fridge. Just overall a FILTHY room. It looks great in photos, but that is about it. The staff was nice, but didn't offer to rectify the situation or help in anyway, just apologized. The "restaurant"  ins't worth your time or money. Understaffed and under-trained! Great location but it is honestly the worst Double Tree we've ever stayed in! Wi-fi wouldn't work at all in the room. And breakfast, it's a joke! Plus they charged $11 per person for breakfast!!! INSANE!   Filthy place, not worth your time or money, stay somewhere else, it's NOT up to the standards of other Double Tree hotels that we've stayed at.
1 POOR customer service! Nancy at the front desk was so rude and only told us what couldn't be done. I stayed in the honeymoon suite for our wedding night. The room was nice other than the film of dirt in the spa tub. So we avoided that. We ordered bottled water from room service that night (wedding and dancing leaves you thirsty!). Room service never came that night. I had to send my husband downstairs to go to the vending machine. Overall I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone due to the lack of hospitality. You can get friendlier service at a budget hotel. I 2048 east cairo dr. I spent too much money on this room for such a poor experience.
5 The DoubleTree is a beautiful place to get married. The outdoor courtyard is perfect for weddings with a fireplace, water fountain and natural arbor that blooms in the spring. The courtyard adjoins a good sized reception hall. The staff were attentive and kind and the food was excellent. April, the wedding planner and catering manager is amazing. She takes time to get to know the bride and groom and makes sure every detail is tended to. Our wedding was gorgeous and a lot of fun thanks to the DoubleTree.   The hotel rooms are really nice too and you receive a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie when you check in.
