4 What a cute little park! Its actually attached to sunset park but its set apart by fields of cattails and trees that grow in the natural aquifer that comes to the surface here. Lots of trails& wildlife, and the playground has interesting, non-traditional equipment such as spinners and a weird trampoline swing. Theres a bathroom nearby too. Only drawback is it closes at dusk unlike other city parks.
4 I came to this park for a charity run that somehow I completed. Yes, I may have *BEEN* a competitive track and field kid but holy moley, I've gotten old! But this isn't about me. The park is fantastic and a busy place on the weekends. It has nice trails and fun little activities for all ages to enjoy. You might want to stretch before partaking in any of these activities. I highly recommend it! (just ask my sore muscles)
5 Great place to walk or play or even to take the dogs to let them stretch their legs.
4 Beaautiful park great paths for running or walking. Natural surroundings and well taken care of !
5 I love this park! You have basketball courts, tennis courts, disc golf course, lanes to run and bike, water features lots of parking and its relatively green throughout the year! My girl and I come here all e time to play many different activities!
4 Had the opportunity to visit this weekend for the first time since the renovations.  The upgrades are fabulous, especially the splash pad and children's playground area on the NE side of the park.  It's a large park with several reserve-able picnic structures, a pond with fishing, a nature preserve walking trail area and even large spaces for events. My kids ages (2-5) loved the splash pad and "tree house" themed playground area.  The equipment is different than the standard playgrounds in Vegas so something new for kids.  It was 116 degrees out and so very hot but the equipment was actually not that hot due to the materials they used.  My spiderman loving son loved the web climbing ropes.  It was VERY busy on a Saturday afternoon but I definitely plan to visit again on a weekday.
4 I like how this has a separate Yelp listing. It really does feel like a separate park. We spent some time here after my return from Australia (we needed to kill some time until my luggage arrived). We enjoyed walking the seemingly labyrinthine trails. They aren't actually that complex, but you can easily wander around aimlessly when it's your first time and it's dark. A great place to walk your dog. Amuse yourself as he perks up at the sight of the myriad jackrabbits in the area.
5 Sunset Park is an awesome place to go to spend some time outside. Play some basketball, tennis, frisbee golf, volleyball or just stroll around on the fitness track.  If you ever find yourself bored and sitting on your couch at home, do yourself a favor and go outside. Go to Sunset Park and walk around. It'll be good for you.
