5 To be honest, the boy and I generally ignore this side of Aria. After a lackluster experience at Sage and not ever really being in the mood for tapas, there wasn't must reason to be there. This weekend however we had Aria food credits to spend and wanted to try something new. Tetsu is apparently very new as it just opened this past Wednesday, August 1.   Front staff: The entranced was manned (or should I say womanned) by 3 young ladies. They were nice and attentive. We were promptly seated at our own teppanyaki grill, which was great because I've gone to other places and they like to lump you together right away. Other guests were also seated at their own tables.  Atmosphere/Decor: I found the entrance beautiful, especially as the sun was setting and the backlighting really made the colors pop. However, once you are led to your seat the décor drastically changes to a simple modern stone background. I was a little disappointed that the interior didn't mirror the beautiful qualities of the entrance, but I'm not there to stare at the design, I'm there to eat. For attire I marked casual, but I would lean it more toward dressy-casual. At least wear a nice shirt people! Overall, if you want to know the "feelings" associated with Tetsu, I would describe them as neutral. It's not a place that gives you the warm and fuzzies like a log cabin, but it isn't uninviting like the DMV either. It's hard to explain I guess, but I just associate modern design and décor with neutrality. Moving on.        Food: Four grills surround an ice mountain where you see vegetables and seafood.  The menu offers appetizers, meats, vegetables, and rice.   -For the appetizer we went with the jalapeno calamari. It was f.r.e.s.h. The chef brought out the whole squid and tiny octopus on a wooden board and chopped it up right in front of us. The jalapenos were seeded and cut fresh inches away from me as well. A few minutes later we were dipping our calamari into two seafood sauces: salsa verde (good) and salsa roja (awesome). This is coming from a gal who looooooooves green salsas over red any day of the week too. Two side notes: sauces are brought out in chilled square black rock containers. So cool (literally and figuratively)! And FYI, this is naked calamari, not deep fried-watching-a-sporting-event calamari. The calamari was flavorful, not overly chewy and the jalapenos tasted like red and green pepper - duh, the seeds were gone and it's been cooked.   -For dinner we had 10 ounces of filet minion and I added kale, corn, zucchini and eggplant. The vegetables were cooked first. The kale and corn were delicious. The zucchini and eggplant were really good too, but not as awesome as the corn! I am a biased corn lover though. For you meat lovers, the filet and rib eye are charged by the ounce. If you must know, twelve dolla-make-you-holla for filet and ten for rib. Ten ounces at twelve bucks, you do the math. Our chef brought out the rib eye by mistake, but we didn't mind because it was beautiful piece of meat! Something like an 80 oz. filet was brought out and the chef cut off our piece and put it straight on the grill with sprigs of rosemary on top. I like my filet medium, but we went for medium well (a crime I know) and it was so, so good. Melt in your mouth filet minion goodness. Two sauces are also brought out for the meat: another salsa verde (cilantro if I recall) and a chili soy sauce. Of the two, I loved the chili soy sauce. Finally, we had the wagyu fried rice. I don't know if this was a wild rice, but it was black or purple in color along with cuts of wagyu beef, vegetables, and we added egg. I was stuffed at this point and my senses were dulled, but the Mr. said it was really good.  Service: Our server Milan was so, so sweet and attentive. Almost too attentive, hehe. Is this what Kate Middleton feels like? He checked in on us frequently and we were well taken care of. This is what fine dining should always be like. Luckily, Vegas always seems to treat us well. Our chef, Yoku (I might be wrong) was funny and corny - just like me. I've only gone to teppanyaki a few times, but I swear it is a requirement that the chefs be personable and be able to crack jokes. What a hoot! Note: there will be no showboating here; I secretly hoped for an onion volcano but it didn't happen. What matters is that he made everything taste awesome. Lastly, the executive chef greeted us when we were seated and he was out and about overseeing that everything was going well. I don't know about you, but I appreciate things like that.   Summary: Tasty, melt in your mouth food. Attentive, friendly staff. Expect to pay around ninety dollars per person not including drinks, so come eat here before you lose all your money at the Texas Hold'em table.
1 I think this restaurant was greatly overpriced.  The food was not worth the money and the presentation was boring.  Not what you expect at Aria!
1 My Turbot had butter and beef grease all over it, gross.   EAT ANYWHERE ELSE in Vegas! The octopus was shoe leather tuff, the 'chef' mixed utensils and cook space on the Teppan grill between the beef and fish.   Really truly nasty
2 Went for dinner had reservations asked on the phone if this was like a benihana japanese steak house the lady said yes just like it. The food was really good however the ambiance was stiff and not fun. It was VERY pricey 4oz steak was $66 a la carte. We asked if it was appropriate for a child they said sure it was NOT...The server didn't know about sake, any of the wines or even what kind of drinks they had. The chef was meticulous to a point where it was painful to watch it took so long to get anything. Three hours later we JUST made it to our show...Wouldn't go there again.
3 Overall delicious, but there were some dishes that fell flat.  Also the process of having the guy cook one item at a time was entertaining but not very efficient, especially since the plates were in the small side.  So I felt like there was a lot of sitting around.  The table side chef was very nice though.  the food i found overall to be good, but inconsistent.  the 5 of us ordered several dishes, which ranged from superb to okay to oh no.  The superb: lobster ceviche, spicy octopus, jalapeno calamari, chicken meatballs, maitake mushrooms with truffle butter, wagyu ribeye, sea bass.  The okay: daikon/apple/asparagus salad, wagyu fried rice, shrimp and vegetable dumplings.  The oh no: vegetable yakisoba.  The yakisoba was an extremely sweet flavor I've never seen in soba.  I couldnt' even eat it.   One thing that was also off putting was the hostess who seated us.  At first she seated us at this one teppan counter where one of the chairs clearly was pulled from a different sized table.  The problem is that it was much lower than the table such that you couldn't really eat sitting in that chair.  When we brought this to her attention, she inquired about getting another chair, then came back and told us there were no other chairs available.  I waited for her to offer to move us to a different table, since the restaurant was very empty at this point.  But no, she just gave us this look like we were shit out of luck.  I had to insist that she move us.  At which point he kind of gave a bit of attitude.  finally one of the other hosts came over and moved us.  Seriously though.  how can you expect a customer to sit in a chair that doesn't' fit the table?
2 Food is tasty but the prices are ridiculous.  Service is also very slow, and they are not very apologetic about it.  Portion sizes are tiny for the price.  I had to get a hotdog on the street to satisfy my appetite after spending $300 at this place for dinner.  Go somewhere else.
5 Ggreat food, great service.  i ate at the bar with excellent dining service. I was impress on how attentive the gentlemen was while making drinks and taking care of my order.  My $20 tea was always poured and full.
5 This is my second time visited here within 6 months! Yup that's how good it is. Price wise it is pretty high but if you are trying to try something new or impress a date, this is a place to go!   They have an ice bar behind the chef and everything on the menu is on display. The interesting fact of this restaurant is that all of their seafood is directly from Japan with the turnaround rate at 48hours. In Vegas, I believe that's the most fresh seafood you can get.   The service is impeccable. When I went there with my friends, all 4 of us we literally have 2 servers standing right behind us. The food is the most amazing part. The chef cooks right in front of you and you can see exactly how you food is being picked,prepared and cooked. For appetizer, I highly recommend Caviar and Spicy Octopus. The whole experience of seeing them cooking right there just make the whole dinner up to another level. Even though I know I should have tried some sushi at a Japanese restaurant but they actually have the best Filet Mignon compared to some steak houses I have been to. My friend tried Scottish Salmon. It is tender and fresh. Beef fried rice is another of my favorite dish. It is technically not a dish but serves as a filler at the end of the meal. But I could just eat rice and be the happiest kid ever. It is THAT good!
2 Don't go here unless you have a huge pile of money and hate good customer service.  Food: very good.  Portions: very tiny (I paid $11 for a half a zucchini. Shameful)  Waiter: Terrible. Attitude. I tipped him 5%, which I NEVER do because I'm such a guilt ridden little baby.  Chef: This was teppanyaki, but the chef never made eye contact with us. I didn't expect a "show" but I expected a little character with my meal. (again, very well prepared)  Ambiance: very nice.   Price: too high for the level of service.
4 First off, I MUST say, that if you are giving this place a bad review, you are ordering the wrong dishes! Of course don't go to a Teppan grill and expect the same steak amazement you'd get at a steak house. That is utterly ridiculous. What they DO do well is their more unique and specialized dishes :)  What I ate and I recommend are allllll of their vegetable sides, particularly the mushrooms! I made an entire meal out of them and ordered two more than my original request, and did so for about half the price of the entrees. They were delectable, unique and had the Vegas WOW factor. We also ordered the scallops for another bit of tastiness. My boyfriend had the lobster and throughly enjoyed it.  We chatted up our chef and he seemed a little embarrassed about his limited English, but he was hilarious, and then since we were being so friendly, the head chef came out and cooked for us for awhile and chatted us up. Even gave us two extra scallops!  Bottom line is: you can get a cheaper meal here if you order in a savvy way than you can at most of the other nice restaurants in Vegas. Furthermore, these guys are amazing, and it was a wonderful meal, but order what THEY do well, not what you'd expect from an americana style restaurant or steakhouse. Since we always stay at the Aria, I'm sure we'll be back again and again.
4 An exclusive restaurant in a restaurant serving outstanding teppanyaki.  No knife juggling.  No onion volcano spewing fire.  No shrimp tails flying through the air.  This is about modern Japanese teppanyaki made with the freshest, highest quality, visually stunning ingredients.  No "ugly" produce; a perfectly formed, evenly colored eggplant, baby bok choy with no holes in the leaves, you get the idea.  To start, the spicy octopus is incredible.  Lightly grilled with slivered jalapeno peppers, sweet, spicy, tender.  Borrowing from the menu of barMasa, the otoro with osetra caviar, absolutely phenomenal, the salty, brininess of the caviar enhancing the fatty fish.  Australian wagyu for mains.  Two cuts (fillet or rib eye), both approaching A4 quality.  The fillet is well trimmed, the rib eye, less so,  If you like to savor the fat around the edge of your steak, this cut is for you.  Tender, juicy, cooked to temperature, served with a spicy cilantro verde that brightens and intensifies the sweetness of the beef and a spicy red chili and soy that brings out the savory, beefy flavor.  For sides, it's hard to pass the maitake with truffle butter.  An umame explosion that works well with the beef.  Finally, the wagyu fried rice (a filler) is different and over the top.  Black and red rice are combined to create a nuttier flavor.  Fat from the wagyu adds richness, onions sweetness.   Service is excellent with two servers assisting a single table.    The restaurant shares the same outstanding sake list as barMasa.  Vegas resort pricing.  While not up to the standards of Michelin rated teppanyaki restaurants of Tokyo, Tetsu delivers a solid, authentic experience at a far more reasonable price.
5 Fabulous service, great ambiance and amazing food.  Simple, fresh, high-quality dishes with great flavor. I had wagyu beef and one of every vegetable side on the menu. Everything was prepared perfectly and the wagyu beef was excellent. The chef was friendly, yet professional. I definitely plan to return.
4 I've eaten at various teppanyaki retaruants before, and this one was probably my favorite in the States! We had a pre fixe menu so didn't have to worry about what to order, but every single thing we were served was so yummy! We had the waiter select sake for us within a certain price range, and it was delicious! This was a restaurant within a restaurant (barMasa), and they share the same sake list.
5 This is a cool teppan restaurant. .I love all the food but I recommend. .salmon with dill sauce..ribeye awesome..and waygu fried rice
5 We ate here on sat night after five nights in vegas. We had eaten at all the so called best restaurants,but none compared with this. We were three people and we all felt the same.the waiter was fantastic he was attentive without being intrusive.he had a smile and how unusual is that these days in a high end restaurant ? The sommelier was brilliant.She was so knowledgeable and I picked a rather obscure wine from Aussie,that I have been drinking for a number of years,Molly Dooker.She taught  me something that I never knew about the wine and she knew how the wine was produced.She was lovely,stunning and was so gracious.I would return again just to see her!  The food was beyond good.Lucas our Chef,who replaced Jun ,who had a mishap with a knife,was excellent . We had duck,steak and shrimp.They were perfectly cooked.nothing was over seasoned and they were so fresh. The vegetables and shrimp rice  tasted as they should do ! Simple and perfectly cooked. For the quality of the food,the wine and the superb service it was we'll worth every dollar. Forget any of the other so called name restaurants ...eat here and enjoy every minute...because it is rare to  experience this type of meal and service,,,well done !
2 Here's the grade detail -  Food - Minus 2 stars. We had the scallop appetizer and it was great. The chicken was BOILED, and then browned  very briefly on the grill. THe shrimp fried rice was meh, although the veggie fried rice was pretty good (they were about a 1/3 cup serving each). The maitake with truffle butter was absolutely delicious (about 5 mushrooms), the steak was just ok. The bok choy was very VERY good. The portions were miniscule. The fingerlng potatoes were literally TWO potatoes, halved. For desert we had a flavored creme brulee, or at least they called it creme brulee. I like my creme brulee to have a crisp candy coating, and whatever flavor you add should not turn the custard consistency to that of coffee grounds, but according to them, it was creme brulee and who am I to argue?  Price - Minus 2 stars. $10 for the two fingerling potatos. $30 for the boiled chicken. And $20 PER OUNCE for the steak. Don't make me do math!!!! just price the damn thing $80 or $100 and be done with it.. Making me decide how many ounces to pay for (and watching you weigh it out!!!!) is just nickle and diming me. It just feels petty.   How about a prix fixe menu? Since you've only got a few things to choose from anyway?  Staff - Plus 1 star. They were really nice and friendly and helpful. And you're not giving them much to work with, so I really hope you pay them well.  Boiled chicken, FFS. Ugh. I feel like deducting another star just from the thought of it. But I won't.  The bottom line, $400 with tip. And I had to eat dinner again a couple of hours later.
2 There are much better places to eat for the price, service and ambiance.  Service is slow, food portions are so small for the price.  Yeah I get it, don't want truck load of food but 2 mushrooms is a serving portion? Yes, meh. I have had better.
3 Place is good but nothing fantastic.  Was looking forward to showing my 3yo daughter the tepan but the event was rather anti climactic!    The orders are done by the ounce and the size for the sides were rather small.  I would skip it and just eat in the HUGE dining room instead.  You are probably better off there.
1 This place is a scam! Don't order sashimi or nigiri because portions are ridiculously small and expensive. Order fried rice with duck or noodle soup instead.
1 When you are in Vegas, you pay premium for a lot of stuff, including food. This high end place has a very very poor service (many minutes for someone to clean the table, then many others to take an order and so on...slow on everything even with an empty place). My friend ordered a sashimi for $21 and it came 3 really really small pieces. When complaining to the unprepared manager, all she could say was "this is the chef style!"  without providing any help. Very dissapointing!
1 This place is so disgustingly fake. Very poor service. Bad manager with ice cold welcoming to customers. Unprofessional conduct. The fish is nothing better than the sushi next door to your place, the portions are 10 times smaller and price 10 time higher. one, single, piece of sashimi is $12USD !!!!
