3 This new Tiny Mediterranean Grill is well worth a try for a nice semi casual meal and has it's unique flavor to other similar places. We tried a small variety of things including Gyros and Shawarmas and the Vegetarian Plate. My husband liked the Gyros more than the Shawarmas and I thought Ammos falafel, hummus and baba ghanouj were all good  and also unique with the baba ghanouj being very fragrant maybe of cloves? They are Semi-Fast-Casual cuisine ( you pay at the counter) and are still working things out with a big note on the door that they are still training. The counter girl was very friendly and cheerful and hoped that we liked everything. We thought portions were generous. The place seemed very clean and was attractive featuring Geek decor and granite.  I will do a revisit soon and update.  3.5
4 Solid 3.5 during opening week.  Definitely worth a visit.  It's a casual, counter service place serving Mediterranean dishes.  Several tables for eating in.  Drinks are self-serve.  The people behind the counter (possibly the owners?) were all very friendly and pleasant.  I immediately loved walking in and seeing the towers of meat on the vertical broilers!  :)  Menu has a lot of variety and even a kids' section.    I went during a fairly busy time and ordered a couple of plates to go.  It was a 20-25 minute wait, but at this point, I will put that up to being a busy time and working out opening-week kinks.  They did forget one side item from my order, but were very apologetic and brought it out to me quickly...again, it was busy and stuff happens.  Not counting that against them this time.  We sampled the kefta, pork souvlaki, and chicken shawarma.  They were all very tasty, though the pork was a bit dry.  We liked the shawarma best.  Fragrant rice was good.  Side salad okay.  Their sauce was right on!  So good.  It was nice and garlicky, tasted of yogurt, and not mayonnaisey or sweet like some other places. Decent fries.  I can see my family becoming regulars here.  Next time we'll eat in and check out the gyros.  Very glad to see a place like this in the neighborhood!
3 Very good Semi Fast Casual Mediterranean cuisine. I note for this area a four star rated is suggested.  This time I had the chicken gyro salad. It was basically chicken gyro over a Greek Salad. The chicken was moist and seasoned nicely. The salad was fresh and generous in size. The olives were good quality and with removed pits.  My husband had a combo plate. The chicken shawarma was much juicer this time and the gyro meat was good. This plate was also very generous in size.  Service is always THREW THE ROOF NICE! This is a MUST TRY PLACE!   I didn't give four stars is because of the other places I've been to in the valley that fresh bake the pitas and prepare the falafels in a different style that I prefer, those I rate at 4-5 stars. But Ammos is very good and is much better than two other mediterranean I can name in this area.  They are open 7 days a week  A VERY SOLID 3.5 stars
4 Very nice (new) little place. Stuffed grape leaves (vegetarian) and baklava are memorable. Felafel, humus, baba ganoush are all very good. I will return!
4 Placed a take out order for a Beef Shawerma, Chicken Shawerma and some baba ganoush.  Order was ready in minutes.    The nice lady forgot the pita bread that comes with the baba ganoush; no worries, I had some emergency pita in the freezer.    Chicken had good flavor as did the beef, baba ganoush was a bit on the garlicky side (I didn't mind, but wifey wasn't a fan).  I'm happy it's good and fast.  Will def be back and recommend to others.
4 We've been there several times... the food is always delicious and very affordable.  The staff is helpful and friendly.   So nice to have a good  Mediterranean restaurant in the neighborhood.
5 Went in about a month ago and ordered the Gyro Combo.  It was a generous portion and very delicious.  I would highly recommend.  I have since been back with family and friends over 3 times.   Very good!  Rick Tuita Owner iTextVIP
4 It was good. Hummus was tasty, Gyro was excellent. We will eat there again.
5 Love this resturant. Aside from receiving amazing service from the hostess the food tastes delicious and resturant is super clean... I AM TRULY A FAN!!
5 Great fast casual.  I like the food. Friendly service here. Which is huge for me. Will be a regular stop for a gyro or a salad.
3 Pretty good basic Mediterranean cafe. The food is good and inexpensive. Great for take out but they have a dining area too.
5 Great casual atmosphere and fast.  If you like Gyros, you will like this place a lot.  There seems to be a lot of Gyros places opening up these days but, none with service this good.  Nina, is top rate and friendly.  The prices are good as anywhere and the food is good as well.
5 We always like to give the neighborhood restaurants a try and we are very glad we walked into this one. Their gyros are fantastic. Our kids were hesitant to try them, but once they did they wanted more, especially our seven-year-old! The food is top quality and they do not short you on meat or any other fillings. The service has always been pleasant. We hope they are around for a long time.
4 This place is a decent alternative to Z Greek if you are in the area and have a gyro craving. VERY meaty (as much as Z). Nice bread (not quite as good as Z, a little doughy). Good fries (Same). Good tzatziki (almost as good as Z). They did charge for it though.  If you've ever been to Z, being in the same ballpark as them is a pretty damn solid review. They are that nerd (me) in class who always screwed up the curve for the rest of the class.  One thing that was pretty funny was the girl who took my order was new and pronounced YEE row as GUY row. F-ing hilarious, especially in a greek place from a worker. The owner was behind her and didn't bat an eyelash, but I give koudos to him not correcting her in front of us.
4 Great food and friendly staff. Quick service. A great alternative to some of the more expensive Greek places in the valley.
4 I loved the gyro combo and  would have given them 5 stars if it weren't for the dolmas.  I was hoping they would be homemade like I used to get from my neighbor not what I got from the diners in NY(which are bought and served cold). Anyways I am still a fan and will go here when I am in town. Service was great I think it was the owner she was very friendly and food  came out quick.
3 I can see why they have a great rating. I had a gyros platter. They really piled it on. Great flavor , clean, friendly reasonable prices. I like my meat a bit more well done and will ask for that next time.
1 Since we live in the neighborhood we were anxious to see a new eatery open up, unfortunately the quality of the food won't have us going back. Twice we went for gyros which were just ok....and tonight we tried the souvlaki entree in which the pork was so overcooked and dried out, no amount of cucumber/dill dressing could save it. We threw half of it away.  With so many dining choices around here, you can do a lot better.
4 OK, I've had better in Greece and Detroit.  But around here, Ammos is tops.  We each had a gyro without the bread (low-carb diet, damn it!) and a large Greek salad.  The salad was big enough for a lunch.  And the gyros meat with the tzatziki was very good.  The owner visited with us for a while - he loves to brag about everything being fresh, made on site daily and from the salad, we believe him. Casual place...order at the counter and they bring the food to you and clean up after.  Good service!
5 This place is amazing....Bill, the owner is very nice & offers excellent customer service. The rest of the staff are very courteous as well. I frequent a lot of similar Mediterranean restaurants like Ammos & there are plenty of good ones, but Ammos in my opinion is the best. The prices are fair, good portions, friendly staff, nice atmosphere, there are really no negatives about Ammos. I order either the Gyros plate or Chicken Shawarma plate, i cant get enough. Thank you Bill for having such a great restaurant near my home.
4 Went again last night.  Happy to see Bill's busy.  I had the beef shawarma on top of a small Greek salad!  No pita (remember, low carb diet!) and it was great.  My wife had the gyros again and was just as happy as the first time.  Nice place!
4 We have only done takeout, so I have a limited review. The gryo meal is fabulous and affordable. I would love to dine in sometime to try their spanakopita and other items.
2 Second time here, ordered a Greek Salad with Chicken Kabob.. the plate was so small i couldn't cut my chicken or even fork out the cheap iceberg lettuce without some falling on the table, chicken was way too saucy as well. Stick to a gyro, had that last time and it was golden. Seems like good people, they are nice.
2 There was weird pictures of the owner at war, (probably about 20-30 pictures) not the most appetizing thing when eating. (Pictures of blown up cars and him holding guns) also the Fattoush salad was very substandard and the dressing was tasteless. And there was an eyelash in our food.   But it's an ok place for a cheap meal.
4 My Syrian friend recommended this place so I had to try it. She's very picky and said that it was the closest to the real thing back home. I didn't believe her, but she's tried numerous places in the United States so it meant something.  I came to try the beef shawarma to compare it to back home and it was the closest thing in the states. I was surprised, naturally it wasn't the same but at least it was close. I then had the osmalia and ballourie, the osmalia is excellent and my friend loves the ballourie. Make sure you leave room for dessert because I actually enjoyed it more than back home! Haha how dare I say that. It's not made the same, but it's extremely delicious nevertheless.   The place itself was decorated nicely, and was very clean. So were the bathrooms. The staff was great, fast, hot (haha) and efficient so our food was not cold. The plate sizes were large and decently priced. Overall it was a good experience.
4 By far one of the better places in the 67th and happy valley corridor to get a gyro. Not greasy at all and the pita is nice and fresh.   The owner is very friendly and so is the rest of the staff . Makes for a good lunch stop around here.
5 I love this place,  everyone is so nice and the food is great too! I recommend the falafel and hummus appetizer.
5 Great spot!! loved their food, and great location. The restaurant is beautiful inside, and really enjoy dining in. Give it a try, you will love it.
5 Very good food and lots of it! My family of 7 had a great visit made better by the awesome staff who were always happy and kind. It was a great value too for the entire family ate for right around $40. I hope they open in Tucson so I can go more often.
4 I always love going to non-chain restaurants and I am happy to say Ammo's is definitely not a chain. The owners are very nice and they care about putting out a good product.  I have had several dishes there such as tge Gyro, the Greek salad, Dolmas and Hummus appetizers. All were delish!  I just hope I have room one of these days to try the baklava.
5 Being middle eastern myself,  I tend to be pretty picky about greek/middle eastern food. That being said, I think this is the best "mom and pop" greek restaurant in Phoenix.  It's got great portions and a wide variety of ways they cook the meat. The combo plates (side salad, rice,  1 pita, and 2 skewers of meet/or a ton of gyros) is the best deal, ($9-$12 depending on the meat.) Even the Italian beef, fish and chips,  and burgers are great. The only food I am not a fan of here is their cilatro lime hummus, which I normally love elsewhere.    Definitely stop by, it's inexpensive,  quick and awesomely delicious!
5 We are originally from Detroit, so we had a lot of exposure to excellent middle eastern food.  We have been searching for a place in  Metro Phoenix that would approach this level, and we have found it at last.  This simple unpretentious place serves authentic fresh dishes that are delicious and memorable.  Ammos will definitely go on our heavy rotation list of go-to restaurants!
5 Ive been to this place several times now and every time I leave I know I'll come back. The food is really good and tastes fresh, and the staff are great! Its worth checking out!
5 Always delicious, best Gyro I've had. Very reasonably priced and the owner is extremely friendly. Very nice guy, very quick getting your food (which is always fresh to order), the portions are large and filling and the food always tastes so fresh, cooked just right. Cannot go wrong here, highly recommended.
4 Just tried this place for the first time last night, and I was impressed. Everything is made in house, and has an authentic taste. The original hummus was very good, but I wish it was a bigger serving. Actually the serving size isn't bad, it was just so good that I wanted more.  The regular gyro combo is what I went with and I was not disappointed. I have had gyros at places before and the meat can sometimes be dry, but not here. The meat appeared to be freshly sliced and was nice and moist. I also got extra tzatziki sauce, which I always recommend having an extra side of at any place.  I am glad we found this little neighborhood restaurant close to home.
