5 Tiffany at Peridot Sweets is one of the best cake designers I've had the pleasure of working with. She can also create any type of mini desserts as well as fun dessert stations. Her desserts and cakes taste as delicious as they look since she only uses quality ingredients. Also, Tiffany has a great response time which is so important especially for those planning their wedding. Excellent communication and service and a great company!
5 When you deal with artists, whether it be canvas or cake, you'll be hard-pressed to find one that is willing to work under very short notice and still be able to come up with something spectacular. After 4 different cake "artists" said it wasn't possible to come up with the cake we wanted on time, we contacted Tiffany at Peridot Sweets and we're so glad we did. The cake was visually stunning and the best part, the taste. My very hard-to-please Mother now swears by Tiffany's red velvet so much that on our recent trip to Vegas we had Tiffany create yet another birthday cake for us. Peridot Sweets is quickly becoming a yearly tradition for my son's birthday. We look forward to next year's creation!
5 Tiffany of Peridot Sweets does wonderful wedding favors too!! She made salted caramel chocolates and her version of peanut butter cups for my friend's wedding and they were delicious!! So delicious that I ordered more later for my family to enjoy!!
5 If you are looking for a cake that will have everyone's jaw dropping, call Tiffany. I am SO sad that she is no longer in the Bay Area bc my son's bday cakes would be the envy of every child.   Tiffany makes the most delicious favors, too.  I highly recommend the peanut butter and dark chocolate gems, though every flavor is special.  My husband loves the spicy chocolate one that she recently added, too. If you are on the fence, check out her blog and the pictures of her work will absolutely blow you away.  Tiffany is such a pleasure to work with!
5 I ordered two boxes of gemmes from Tiffany of Peridot Sweets.  At first I had no idea what they were until I tried one and I was instantly hooked!  I would describe them like a Twix candy bar but much, much better because she uses really high quality ingredients.  I've also tried her cakes and they are delicious!  Very moist and full of flavor.  She's a very seasoned pastry chef so she can also create very interesting flavors if you are looking for something one of a kind, like a spicy chocolate or even bacon chocolate!  I am definitely going to be ordering more gemmes and cakes from her in the future!
5 Peridot can do things with cakes that boggle the mind.  No exaggeration.  Tiffany designed several cakes for our wedding that people are still talking about.  On top of being beautiful, they were delicious, frankly the best cake I've ever tasted.
5 Making a wedding cake is never a small feat but it seems that Tiffany Jones at Peridot Sweets can take on any cake challenge! Tiffany not only made our cake for the cake cutting to match the design on our wedding invitations perfectly but she also made 150 individual naked cakes with a chocolate malt layer from a custom recipe. They were AMAZING!!!! Everyone is still talking about our wedding cake! Thank you for being a master of your craft and for working so hard to make our custom cakes.
5 Tiffany was a pleasure to work with!  Her desserts are a complete package of taste and look!  A majority of people at my event raved about the red velvet cake pops being the best they have ever tasted.  Tiffany is flexible with her menu and with her design.  I would love to work with her again!
4 visited peridot a few days ago around mid day. nice looking store - kinda reminds me a little of the other bakeries on Rainbow ( Drago and Honey Bee/Sugar Bee/ Bee Something ) though it appears there's less of a selection at Peridot than the other bakeries.  my sense is the focus at Peridot is special order cakes.  purchased:  blueberry muffin - decent flavor, nice texture but, hmmmm, maybe 4-5 berries  chocolate croissant - again, decent flavor and texture, but nothing awe-inspiring  strawberry thumbprint cookies ( 2) - the winner !  nice sized with light airiness yet, buttery and the jam tasted great.  total price $7.50  Overall, I like the place and hope the biz is a success - I'll try again hoping for a larger selection to choose from.  pics included
5 Went to visit for the first time on Saturday and I have to say it was a great experience. I don't normally write reviews, so the fact that I was moved to do so should say something. I walked out with a box of Peridots trademark gems and 20 macaroons( Nutella, lemon, and sea salt Carmel). I am a huge fan of the French macaroon and have tried nearly all of the few Vegas locations to get them. These were by far my favorite I've have. The shell was slightly more fragile then others I've had but the texture was perfect and the salted Carmel was the best filling I have ever tasted. It may have been the best tasting dessert I've had in years. The lemon was also delightful, a perfect tangy sweet. I was personally not as fond of the Nutella, but I think any fan of chocolate would enjoy them, I'm just not much of a chocolate fan. Lastly Peridots gems were fantastic, they market them as being like a twix, there are not. These things are twenty times better, soft short bread cookie, Carmel made with expert care, a perfect candy hands down. I will be calling peridot for all my work events that require snacks!!
4 I heard about this place from Jessie B (thanks again) - all she had to say was "Nutella macarons"...two of my top favorite things. Random fact: peridot is August's birthstone...my birthstone. I was meant to be here on my birth month...destiny!  The shop is so cute with a cabinet full of colorful cake stands...pretty chandelier, modern furniture and the pretty desserts. I was ready to sink my sweet tooth into one of those Nutella macarons so I marched to the counter only to find out they didn't have them. Goodbye hopes and dreams! My heart sank...why let me down on my birth month??? I was so perky when we first walked in then all of a sudden, my mood changed and my world crumbled.  I set my focus on the next best thing: Nutella cupcake. The chef must have felt my pain and so they told me "we can make you Nutella macarons. We have the shells already made, we just need the filling." Yaaaaaay!!! Happiness was restored. I got a dozen Nutella macarons.  While waiting for my macarons, I was eating my Nutella cupcake. The frosting was soooo good. The cupcake itself was a tad bit dry. So I ate the top half with the frosting and shared with a friend. I make the same cupcakes but I've been to lazy to make anything these days and now, I have Peridot, I have no need to bake.  The Nutella macarons were ok. I was expecting they'd mix Nutella with something else to make the filling but they didn't. It was straight up Nutella from the jar. The shells were sticking to my teeth. But because they took the time to whip up a batch just for me, I still like them and I very much appreciate the effort.
4 I'm a big fan of Peridot. A fun lil backstory: I first heard about Peridot and Tiffany while researching a Weekly Yelp for our former leader, Misti. Peridot made the cut for the best cakes in Vegas edition of the Weekly, so I was really excited when the storefront opened and I could try it out.   Macarons are my precious, and the flavors here are really good. The Aztec chocolate is like a Mexican hot chocolate drink in macaron form--spicy, sweet, cinnamon-y. I have also had salted caramel, lemon, pistachio, and NUTELLAAAA. Mmmmmmmmmm. All are good, but sometimes I feel they are a bit dry? Like they were one day in the fridge too long.   The cupcakes are really good as well. I have only had the red velvet twice but it's really tasty. I had a gemme one time, which Tiffany described as a "gourmet Twix" and that was a pretty accurate description. It wasn't exactly my preference, but still really good.   I have also been in while she is preparing a cake order. Those babies are fracking adorable. Can't speak to the value or the taste of the custom cakes but they sure are cute.
3 I tried this new bakery after grabbing lunch at Wa Da Pho, which parked at an office building nearby. At the time there wasn't much of a selection in their cases. This was back when they had been open for a few weeks. I got a grasshopper macaron ($1.25) -- it had a subtle mint flavor, crunchy exterior, but wasn't as delicate, light and airy as other macarons I've had. It crumbled on the first bite. At least the flavors were decent.  I also got a chocolate cupcake ($3). It looked small, but was enough to satisfy. The center was hollowed out and filled with icing. The icing inside and on top was smooth and rich without feeling grainy. It was a simple cupcake, but well executed.  Located a couple doors down from where the new Crab Corner is (they just opened this weekend), I'm sure I'll be back to wash down the Old Bay seasoning with some sweets.
4 I have a love/hate relationship with Peridot Sweets.   I love the macarons. They may only offer up a couple flavors at a time, they may not be the most authentic macaron you will find in town,  but they are always delicious.   I love the staff. The owner, Tiffany, is an absolute sweetheart.   I love the decor. Check out the restrooms, so cute!   I love the prices. $1.25 for a macaron, and while I haven't sampled any of their other yummy treats I have checked out the prices and nothing seemed overpriced in the slightest.   So why the hate?   I hate that they are located so dangerously close to my office!
5 Their chocolate croissants and macaroons are delicious!! If you get the cupcakes - the one with bacon was a hit and I loved the strawberry shortcake cupcake!
5 Thanks for providing such a delicious cake at the last minute for my friend's bday dinner. There is no cake left over for anyone to take home. It wasn't overly sweet and the cake was ridiculously moist. I would recommend it to everyone I know. Love supporting local businesses who put out excellent product. Two snaps and a big YUMS! :)
5 Called in a Tiramisu for a birthday and was delighted to see her always amazing German chocolate cake in stock to also bring home. We completely scarfed them down before we could take a photo! I highly recommend trying this place out just to stop in for something quick or place a custom order. You won't be disappointed!
5 Let me just start by saying, I have a sweet tooth... I LOVE cakes above all else, and PS cakes are my favorite! PS has made me some wonderful treats for my kids birthdays and my own parties, Birthday cakes, lemon curd cupcakes, red velvet cake pops, s'mores cupcakes with toasted marshmallow creme, strawberry thumbprints and peanut butter brownie bars, even Gluten Free cupcakes (I did the GF cleanse diet once, only lost 5lbs) and they are THE BEST! Their cakes are beautiful with amazing details and Everything is always incredibly fresh and delish! Presentation is also super important to me and everything is always presented beautifully. By the Way, the PS Sweet shop is so cute I just love the feel of the place. It is personal and cozy and everything you want from your Hometown bakery. I love that the shop is owner operated. Oh, and I almost forgot my favorite... you can drop by and satisfy a quick sweet fix and wash it down with a glass of Organic milk... How awesome is that!
5 The customer service here is fantastic! They opened 30 minutes early for me :D Their stuff is fresh and delicious, everything looked great. The salted caramel macaroons and the gluten free chocolate muffins were amazing. Highly recommend, the atmosphere is clean and decorative. They sell coffee as well.
4 Items selected:  Nutella with Crushed Hazelnut and Raspberry Butter Cream Macaron Salty Peanut Butter Brownie Red Velvet Cupcake Maple Pumpkin Spice Cupcake  Coming away from a resounding failure to achieve anything at the local DMV without much planned before lunch it was in food that I searched to find solace for the morning and with a quick perusal of my GPS the perhaps unenviable task became the responsibility of of Tiffany Jones' Peridot Sweets, a small shop on South Rainbow suggested by a friend.  A cute space, open at 10:00am with a small but well culled collection of American classics plus a quartet of French macarons at prices far less affronting than those on-strip and in Summerlin it was Tiffany herself both baking and running the register during my visit and inquiring as to what she would recommend, in addition to my standard Red Velvet cupcake, a quintet of items was selected and at a total charge of $10.88 - the price/quality ratio without a doubt skewed to the right in terms of what followed, particularly the rich, moist cupcakes with thick yet subtle frosting and the dense brownie - also moist but anything but subtle with rich cocoa tones beneath a shellac of pure peanut butter.  Admittedly preferring my macarons of the crisp, light variety popularized by Herme or Laduree it was perhaps a matter of personal taste that I found the shell of each cookie a bit harder than I'd have liked but with an excellent break quickly melting away to smooth flavors it was the fillings that truly shined, the butter cream especially impressive and the sort of thing I could definitely see highlighting one of the bakery's custom cakes.
2 I was very under whelmed by the cupcakes. After reading a number of good reviews I assume one of two things has happened. A) I came on the wrong day and happened to catch a couple old cupcakes (my family and I ordered three all were the same) or B) The owner had every friend post positive reviews.   I may have given three stars but the cupcakes were THREE DOLLARS a piece!! They would be decent at a dollar or one fifty at the MOST. I highly doubt I will be back.
5 I have been hooked on the owners cakes for a looong time. She's very personable, pays attention to details, and creative. They are doing my wedding cake and I am rest assured it will be delicious and gorgeous! Not to mention the shop is adorable!
5 Lets start by telling you that Tiffany is great with communicating and all around just great at what she does.  Me and my Wife met Tiffany while we were wedding cake shopping and she put together a great little tasting for us and our friends and we absolutely fell in love with her baking!  We ended up purchasing not only a cake, but two extra cakes and also dessert station mini cupcakes with Minnie Mouse cookie tops on them! She made the Dessert part of our wedding so absolutely special, people could barely bring themselves to eat the cake because it was so beautiful!!  Shes was so sweet we stopped by on our way home and she left us a nice care package for the flight, we really loved it!
5 This place just opened next to our house, stopped in one random weekend and we are hooked!  Delicious everything. I ordered 900 cupcakes for Xmas presents to clients and Tiffany completed the order in 2 days and everyone loved them :)). Great staff. Great food. Great place to have an afternoon coffee and cupcake. I recommend the red velvet cupcakes and the milk chocolate gems. EAT your dessert here!
5 What a great hidden gem!   Cupcakes are so delicious and their smaller desserts are so delicate and tasty that I couldn't just eat one!   All the textures, and flavors really mesh well with each other. I found that their cheesecake bites are just DIVINE! This Definitely became my new spot!   Just moving here from LA where they have a crazy amazing and innovative culinary scene, I've had some amazing desserts and some really bad ones. This is by far one of THE BEST places I've hit.   And for the gentleman that mentioned that they probably had their friends review this place and that the prices should be cheaper; you sound bitter and cheap. Maybe you should have gotten your $1.50 cupcake from albertsons bud.   This is a very good SOLID bakery. I can not wait to go back!
5 I was looking for fresh made rum balls for my dad as a birthday gift. Back in California there were a couple places that made them regularly. I couldn't find anywhere out here in Vegas that had rum balls on the menu. So I contacted Tiffany at Peridot Sweets 6 days before I needed them and asked if she thought she could make it happen. She said she had never had one, let alone made one, but she would be happy to give it a try. She asked a bunch of questions about different end results and techniques that I was looking for (dipped in chocolate, rolled in sprinkles, powdered sugar, etc?). 6 days later I picked them up and they looked perfect! My dad gave them a try and said they were fantastic! Not only is their product fantastic, they will work with you to fulfill all your baked good wants and needs even in a rush!  Now, I know you know I didn't walk into a bakery and leave without a few goodies for the car ride home. I tried a couple of items they have labeled as gems, which were sort of like truffles with crispy cookies in them. So good! But the best of all? French Macaroons. Raspberry dark chocolate french macaroons... I could eat a million! The texture was perfect and the flavor was strong and perfectly balanced. If you go in for anything, make sure you grab one of those on the way out!
5 Being the sugar mongrel that I am, I passed by Peridot and decided to step in and see what they had. The usual way I do this dance is to pop in and browse the counters, envision stuffing my face with everything there, and then dart out quickly before my inner glutton overpowers all.   But today was not one of those days.  I ended up leaving with: - Pink macaroon with cayenne chocolate - Red velvet cupcake  - Dark chocolate sea salt caramel short bread - Raspberry shortbread cookie  A few (okay fine--MANY) bites later, I'm happy to say that my craving was more than satisfied, and I would happily recommend this confectionery to anyone! The cupcake was moist, cookie was subtly sweet and perfectly crumbly / buttery, and the the dark chocolate was a-freakin'-mazing!
5 Great macarons! The salted caramel are awesome! We return again. Took some macarons to work everyone loved them!!!
4 What delicious goodies.  We love it.
5 Wow! I came here hoping to pick up a simple and little but amazing dessert to accent the Valentine's Day dinner I was making and boy did I! Now I wish I took a picture to post. The place was very welcoming when I walked in and the owner, Tiffany, was super friendly and let me sample a 'Gemme' which is similar to a Twix bar bite but with much better caramel and dark chocolate.  I got a couple of those, a couple German Choc. Cupcakes (GCC) and a couple Aztec Chocolate Macaroons. She even made a sugar heart to go on top of the cupcakes for me. I took them home and after dinner, I arranged one of each on a white plate, added just a few raspberries and blueberries for color on the plate and drizzled the fruit with caramel. Now I REALLY wish I took a pic.  Everything was over the top good. The SCM's had a late kick due to the cayenne which was a great surprise and the GCC was the moistest ever and it had a whipped cream top that didn't overpower the cake portion. The Gemme is unique to PS and was a nice little bite to close out the plate.   They do wedding cakes and many other confections of course not just the ones I mentioned. Heck, I ll probably even have PS do my wedding cake next year!  Going back for sure now that my office is closer. You should too!
4 It was Valentine's Day, so after Ruben and I met up for lunch in the plaza, I thought a sweet treat would be nice. Just a quick walk over and we were greeted by bright green outdoor furniture and an adorable bakery with a bubbly personality. Cute decor and furnishings made the place feel warm and comforting. As if you were just hanging out in your friend's kitchen.  I remembered Peridot Sweets' delicious (and addicting) chocolate mousse from last year's Yelp Helps party and was delighted to find them so easily accessible. I didn't know what to expect, but I was a little surprised there weren't savory offerings like croissants and the selection was limited. Neither necessarily bad, but since I was not in the mood for cupcakes or chocolates, it was hard to find something.   I'm glad I didn't give up because the Raspberry Lemon Tart finally caught my eye and it was the best decision! The crust was delicious and had an amazing bite! It also held up really well (a little too well for the plastic forks, lol). The light and fluffy whipped cream was heavenly. There were also little pockets of raspberry and lemon in the cream that made it just perfectly tart. The fresh raspberries on top were perfect and nothing was overly sweet. Dessert perfection!  Yes, you can really spend a whole paragraph talking about a single dessert. Serious kudos. Anyway, I raved about it to lovely owner/master baker, Tiffany, and learned that it was the Raspberry Lemon Tart's first day in the case! Perfect timing for my visit and I look forward to my next tart.
5 Staff is way friendly, place is super clean! I got cupcakes (red velvet and banana Carmel) and took them back to work for coworkers..... Let me just tell you it's extremely dangerous that this place is down the street from us were all in heaven! Specifically the banana, sometimes in cupcakes you can taste that there's something missing with the flavor, Not here! I seriously didn't want it to end! It tasted like banana but bread with cream cheese frosting and Carmel drizzle DELISH!! I heard lots of raves on the red velvet as well :) everything looked delish though!!! Definitely will be back :)
4 My family and I stopped in on the way to a movie to grab some sophisticated movie treats. They had a sample of their gemmes which was delicious but I was aching to try their macarons. I was really very torn between the cookie butter, nutella, and salted caramel, and asked the girl behind the counter which two I should get. She told me the first two, but upon check-out, I noticed that a Yelp check-in gets me a free macaron so I promptly ran out to my car to grab my phone to check in and was able to get my salted caramel. My husband opted for the lemon bar, and my kids each got a chocolate dipped pretzel rod. Prices here are very fair. $1.50/maracon, $2 for a good sized lemon bar and $1.50 for the pretzels.   My husband couldn't even wait for the movie before he dove into his lemon bar. It was AMAZING!! Usually, I find lemon bars to be too tart, but this one had a perfect balance and was the best lemon bar I've ever had. To be honest, I haven't had too many because they all make me pucker with their tartness, but this one did no such thing. It was excellent and will certainly purchase one again from Peridot. The kids enjoyed their basic pretzel rods. They loved the gemmes, but for the same price and because I only allowed them to choose one treat, they chose the pretzels because they were bigger. No complaints there.  Onto the macarons. They rank like this: salted caramel, nutella, cookie butter. The salted caramel was heavenly!! The center wasn't solid and still kind of runny, and it was the perfect combination of salty and sweet. The nutella maracon was definitely very sweet in comparison, but tasted like... nutella. Lastly, the cookie butter, which I was most excited to try was a bit of a letdown. The cookie in my mouth ended up being kind of like paste when chewed with the filling, and the cookie butter tasted almost bitter. I don't know. It was a strange experience and I will pass on the cookie butter next time and instead get tons of salted caramel!! Peridot is a very cute bake shop with something suitable for everybody. We will definitely be back!
5 Tiffany is amazing! We planned our wedding from California, so I worked with Tiffany over email! She made everything so easy for me! She did a fantastic job on our cake and sweets! I continue to get compliments! Several people said they were the best cake pops and macaroons they'd ever had! She was so sweet to make us a to go box to enjoy the next day, which we did! Thank you Tiffany!!
4 Looking for a bakery with french macaroons after my trip in cali. So i found this place close to my house. Very cute shop. The macaroons fell apart when you bite them. So maybe it should be more cake like. The hazelnut is my fave! Wish they had chocolate though.
5 Stopped in today because I was craving a cupcake and I hadn't checked this place out yet. When I went it, it was so cute. Clean and quaint. The lady behind the counter, who I think was the owner, greeted me immediately and asked me how my day was going. She was so kind and didn't seemed bothered that I only wanted to buy one cupcake. I chose a red velvet (my fave). It was SO good! The cake was moist and had good flavor. The top was a little more solid, which I like. The frosting was soooo yummy. You could definitely taste the cream cheese in it. There was also some filling, which I am assuming was more icing, which made the cupcake even better! The only downfall was price. $3 is a little pricey and I have found similar shops around that sell for $2.60-$2.75 a piece. Even though that doesn't sound like a big difference, it does when you are buying by the dozen. This place does deserve five stars though because overall it was great for a first experience and I will definitely be back.
5 I cant say enough positive things about Tiffany and Peridot Sweets. I sent her a picture of a cake for my wedding and not only was it almost identical to the photo...but my guests said it was the most delicious cake they had ever eaten. The chocolate with chocolate mousse was amazing!!!
5 I have stopped in here on many occasion when I have a sweet tooth. I love all the different cupcakes, the macaroons and especially the chocolate gemmes!  For my husbands last birthday, I ordered a custom cake to look like a cigar for him and his guy friends. It was beautiful and tasted amazing. The cake tasted like it was fresh from the oven, very moist. And the icing was so perfect, not too sweet but delicious.
5 Love Peridot!  I'm trying to watch my figure so I haven't been in as often as I like, however ... every time I go in, I'm always greeted with great customer service and the staff is very helpful.  I'm always undecided so they help offer suggestions for my sweet tooth.  I love their Red Velvet cupcake and you can't go wrong with their gemmes -- they are DELISH!  This is definitely a great place to come to satisfy your sweet tooth, it's hard to find good bakeries in town and this is one of the better ones.  Keep up the great work!
1 Have been here for a couple of times now and most of the sweets I got were actually pretty good. Unfortunately, yesterday proved to be a huge disappointment. I got a gift box of 10 macarons for a friend's birthday and as we opened the box, we saw that most of the macarons cracked as ALL of the macaron shells were hollow. Just as my friend was about to bite into the cookies and cream macaron, we saw a strand of hair sticking to the macaron filling, and he immediately put the macaron down. We were all, of course, turned off by this, and I felt so embarrassed giving these macarons to my friend :(
4 The Macaroons, lemon bars, and their homemade chocolates are AMAZING!! I ordered a cake for a birthday though and the cake itself was moist and delicious, but the butter cream frosting was very thick and hard. It was not appetizing. Overall its a good bakery, just not great frosting the cake I ordered.
5 Macaron heaven! Recently ordered salted caramel and chocolate raspberry macarons for a baby shower and they were phenomenal! Peridot customized the color for us and they tasted as good as they looked.  Also got some of their caramel/shortbread and caramel/marshmallow gemmes and they were delicious as well.   When I picked up my order, they had a few bacon cupcakes left so I got one for my husband, who loves any/everything bacon. He said it was the best bacon cupcake he's ever had!  Tiffany was great to work with. Highly recommend for special events, or just when you're craving something sweet!
2 Recently received a message from Tiffany with regards to the macarons, and I appreciate her for offering to replace the macarons we got last time. Willing to give this place another chance, as I really do like their other goodies, most especially their brownies. Will update how it goes.
3 I would give it 3.5 stars.   I came here because I was craving for some macaroons.  I was expecting many different flavors, but when I got there, their were only 3 different flavors available.  All Chocolate: Strawberry, Lavender, & Orange.  Bonus for checking in on yelp, you do get a free macaroon.  Another bonus is that the macaroon is only $1.25 each.  Now a days with the big macaroon raves, they are a bit expensive.  So that is pretty awesome.    This seems to be a great place for catering, so at least I know for options of when I want to order ahead of time for a party, this place is not too far from home & work.    I ordered a lemon bar for some reason, when I'm not too much of a lemon bar person.  However, I have to say, the lemon bar was pretty good.  I was in between meals and took a bite of my lemon bar just to keep the growling down, and I totally ate it all.  EEeeeek!  LOL.    I saw that they had Tea, so I ordered a cup of tea too.  However, I did have to wait a little longer for it because they had to make it and I didn't mind.    I think the next time around I will try their cupcakes.  Seems to be a hit and I'll go in knowing that they only have a small selection of flavors at a time.
5 Tiffany did our film-themed cake for our wedding on 3/24/14 and she was absolutely phenomenal to work with!  Not only did she create 1 amazing cake for us, but technically 2 after we changed our minds about what we wanted. She was patient, understanding and communicative throughout the months it took us to finally decide on the final design.  And she did it all from a different state over the phone and email.   Most importantly, the cake was DELICIOUS!  Her German Chocolate really is the best ever and her carrot cake was equally phenomenal!  Our cake turned out beautiful for our big day and everybody remarked about just how amazing it was!
4 Boyfriend and I stopped by here a few days ago to see what they offered and was a little surprised at the few selections that they had. I pictured a giant glass case filled with pastries, but honestly, i like that they only have a few to choose from. Keeps quality high and your brain at ease. We ONLY tried their macarons, so this review will only be about them. We tried four different flavors. (hazelnut, cookie butter, salted caramel, and pistachio) The gentleman at the counter told us that they are best eaten at room temperature or else they would be too crunchy, so we took his word for it. After waiting about a half our two of the ones we bit into were PERFECT. The other two, unfortunately, broke off into multiple pieces :( BUT they were equally delicious.  chocolate hazelnut: who doesn't love a nutella-esque macaron?  cookie butter: my bf LOVED it, but it got a little too gooey for me.  salted caramel: my FAVORITE. Perfect balance between salty & sweet! I could probably eat 94574987549 of these things, but i'll share with the world, i guess.   pistachio: my 2nd favorite. I am a fan of pistachio flavored anything so whenever they offer pastries in this flavor, I HAVE to have it.   I do plan on coming in again to try their other goodies and it REALLY helps that they are on my side of town! woo! (southwest)
4 This place is so cute and the owner is up front decorating cakes. You can tell she is great at that. She had tasty treats but don't let the other reviews fool you. The macaroons are pretty plain. All the same shells just different fillings. I tried this place because a friend swore by her macaroons. You do need to try the rest of the pastries though.
