3 Friendly staff but very slow service. I waited over an hour just to get a review of my lab test??? Dr. Kimberly is great though..they just need to improve their service time.
2 I've been here twice now and both times I experienced a long long long wait. I expected the first visit to have a long wait as they would have to add me as a new patient and communicate with my insurance, but it turns out that my second visit had a SIGNIFICANTLY longer wait. I waited 45 minutes. In the waiting room and then about another 35 minutes waiting to be seen in the room. My primary insurance isn't accepted by them, so I am technically not supposed to have my secondary insurance billed, and I have told the staff this multiple times, yet they still haven't recorded that anywhere. I am supposed to pay as for a cash visit and they still try to charge me only my copy every time, which could cause trouble with my insurance company. The staff isn't organized at all. They couldn't even find the sign in sheet. All of your measurements are written down on sticky notes, which I'm assuming isn't always transferred where intended considering that the woman who was weighing me asked me what my weight was at the time of my last visit. They are friendly for the most part but that's not all it takes to run a doctor's office. The professionalism just isn't there.  Dr. Adams herself is awesome, which is the only reason I gave 2 stars. She is a busy doctor with lots of patients but still makes you feel remembered and spends time talking with you until any and all questions have been answered. I intend to continue to see her but it sure would be nice if the staff worked on their organization and professional skills.
3 Dr. Adams has a great demeanor and she is professional and courteous.
1 Doctor is great... But everything else about this clinic is really bad. Staff is rude, waiting time is forever!
1 Under no circumstances do you ever want to set foot in here.  See all of the other yelps about this establishment.  They are consistently true.  If I could give zero stars, I would.  While I am sure that Dr. Adams is a fine doctor, you can't get past the complete and utter incompetency of the staff.  Let me share with you the issues.  I arrived for my one and only visit 15 minutes early.  No one had called my insurance to get pre-approval.  So, I waited.....  Once that was cleared up, I witnessed two people who showed up after my copayment was paid, get called in.  I was starting to get really upset.  The PA/nurse (whatever) asked me how long I had been waiting.  Answer: over an hour.  She went to the front and discovered that the front desk staff crossed me off as already have been seen.    I had a bunch of questions about a variety of issues.  Since it was the first time I had seen her, she asked me to have my blood work done.  I received several referrals and a prescription.  First issue, NEVER was I contacted with the results of my mammogram.  If I hadn't had the referral to the cancer doctor, I would have never known the screening was fine.  Never heard about the results of my blood work, other than the $500 bill I received from Quest.    Then the pièce de résistance was the bill where my insurance paid zero because it was run as a preventive appointment rather than the sick/ill appointment the doctor promised me that she would run it as.  As soon as I received the EOB, I emailed her office, thinking that was the best way to get a hold of them.  FORGET this, they have since dropped the email address which is still listed on the website, as clearly no one bothers to check it.  Now, I have been sent to collections for a bill that my insurance company would have paid, had the office properly billed it in the first place.  When I wrote a letter to the doctor's office that I received a call from a collection agency, asking whether it was ever billed again as a sick visit, the collection agency called me back and wanted to read the letter to me over the phone.  Apparently, the office never had contact with me again.  Which is odd, considering that I felt that at a minimum, I should receive a copy of the blood work documents that cost me $500, so I spoke with a genius front desk person who violated HIPAA and discussed the results over the phone without verifying who I was.    Now, let me tell you a few morsels of information of the variety of ways that they screwed my husband, who went there based on my recommendation before I knew how truly incompetent her staff was.  He also had a variety of issues that needed to be addressed.  He was waiting at the cardiologist for three hours while her staff promised to send over the results of his EKG.  Finally, the cardiologist was so upset, he got on the phone himself and demanded to speak with Dr. Adams, herself, and demanded the results otherwise, he was not getting off the phone.  (This, of course, come after the fact that her office had over a week of notice prior to this appointment.  They called five times before husband arrived and while he was there prior to doctor to doctor contact.)  He was also left waiting for hours.  And finally, her office does not take personal checks.  So, what exactly are you supposed to do when they screw up and need to bill you afterwards?  You need to call during business hours to give the billing person your credit card number.  Don't you feel safe giving the credit card number to someone who can't be bothered with processing a claim properly?  No, me either.  Run, do not walk, away from this establishment.
