2 The welcome was warm and the doors wide open when we went here for lunch. And I really liked the furnishings and fresh feel of the place from the get go. The Saturday lunch menu choice was small but mostly delicious. However, perhaps would benefit from better descriptionS. My lunch buddies seemed delighted with their choices and a warm, fuzzy glow seemed to fill our group. Fast forward half an hour or, when the doors that had been so welcoming at first stayed open, things had got a tad chilly. Admittedly, though, we were decidedly British and didn't mention it. It's just when customers start putting their coats on you'd think the staff might twig. All in all, OK but will look to try other places before going back
2 Not keen on this one. Doesn't have anywhere near the ambience of the Thistle Street branch. Food is meh, staff are pretty and act like it. Granted I only had the light bites, the menu didn't really have me itching to return.  Zero atmosphere, all trying a bit too hard to be too cool for school. And in this neighbourhood, they're competing with the heavyweights. All in all a pretty blah post-sunday market option. I'll choose Hamiltons or Hectors in future.
3 Been here for lunch three times now and it's a great place for after the market. With a breakfast menu and the trademark bites menu there is a great variety of food to be had.  Favourites bites have to be the pasty and the fish goujons. The haggis bon bons have also become a bar snack favourite.  The bar itself is very cool, had a nice feel to it and the staff deliver a great level of service. For sure a place that does what it says on the tin.  When only three stars? Although its all very nice the quality of the produce they are serving isn't up to much.
3 Not bad by Edinburgh Standards   Now I, like many people, wanted to try this place out after a pretty good review in one of the local rags, I didn't read it myself but my cousin had told me we should go. Went in on a Saturday night with a group of 7 in total, and we left feeling neither amazed nor let down by the experience.   Reservation process was fine, and I spoke to Sophie the manageress who went out of her way to accommodate us considering we were a larger than average group - it was the Ireland Rugby weekend and nobody was taking large groups. We even increased our number son the day and they squeezed it in - so far so good.  We arrived on time and our table was ready for us, a drinks order taken promptly, basically Guinness for the boys and Pinot Noir for the girls - and a good Pinot at that. I migrated to the wine after my first  pint and was glad I did, so good scores on the drinks.   We were all talking nonsense and did take a while to order, service was patient and personable - though somebody at the table did comment they thought our waiter may have been on a mind altering substance as he seemed to be doing some crazy dance behind the bar at some point. I'd like to comment that at no point did I think the guy was anything other than incredibly happy in his job!  Mixed bag for starters, you can order a selection of tapas style stuff or go for more substantial dishes. As I used to work in New England I thought I'd try out their clam chowder, it was lovely, slightly under seasoned, but some fresh black pepper made it all Ok, fresh bread on the side and I was in a good place. Other commented their starters were fine.  Main courses were a bit of a let down, I ordered the lamb, which was well cooked, but again lacking in seasoning, and the most expensive main there at £15.95 (maybe £16.95) but still not exorbitantly priced.   One of the guys had the Pork Belly, he said it was good, the crackling looked amazing, but he said it was also quite bland - best described as non descript (excuse the oxymoron)! Now I'll go on a little rant here, Pork Belly is EVERYWHERE, why not do a roast side of Pork? Or some Pork Chops? What about some succulent juicy marinated Ribs, somebody, no wait, EVERYBODY, STOP WITH THE PORK BELLY!!  General consensus around the table was that the Main Courses were average, so we skipped dessert and went straight for coffees and headed out for more drinky poos. The bill was pretty good also, I think it came to around £30 a head, including tip, which isn't bad at all. But like I said none of us found the overall experience a remarkable one.
3 Wanted to try this especially as I love the one in town.  Was a great atmosphere however I think it's better to have food than drinks.  We tried to get a table for drinks but were told we could only have the table for an hour and a half and then we'd have to stand at the bar because there were lots of tables for food which had been reserved.  Felt a bit like we were in a restaurant rather than a pub!  Not exactly a relaxing evening because we had to watch our time!
2 Hmm, not really sold on this as a good place to have a drink. It's more set up as a restaurant. My friend and I were trying out various bars in Stockbridge as we never normally drink there and this one didn't quite hit the mark in terms of ambience. Not like Hamiltons did which manages both very well. No crisps! Bar food only or charcuterie meat which I watched the barman hack off a whole leg on the bar. Off putting! I had to order a bowl of chips to curb my munchies when some crisps would have done. You CAN get posh crisps you know.....   Anyway, I've not eaten here so this rating just reflects my experience of it not being the best choice to just have a drink.
4 Peeking through the windows while passing by Bon Vivant in Stockbridge stopped me in my tracks.  Indeed, there was a jamonero on the bar, stocked with what looked like a jamón!  No doubt, ahead laid a night of British simulated cañas (half pints), and Spanish ham, freshly cut from the bone.  The ridiculous kitchen operating times in this country no longer mattered!  It felt very much like being in a Spanish bar, because there is little space in Bon Vivant and you will be in close contact with fellow guests.  The beer was served in nicely cooled little beer glasses with handles.  I was a happy camper!  But then the bartender began assembling my order of jamón, and I had to watch him mangling the little pig leg.  Granted, it is not obvious how to correctly cut it, but perhaps the young man should have practiced at home on a model?  At least he did not ruin a Cinco Jotas.  This ham was but a serrano, and so the massacre did not matter that much.  Regardless, not much beats having little bites of jamón along with your cerveza -- and they have San Miguel on tap.  There was a lively atmosphere in Bon Vivant, and the food served to the tables filled the place with aromatic notes, slightly heavy on the garlic.  Certainly, I will go back again, to sample more of their "bites" (British for tapas).
4 The original Bon Vivant on Thistle Street is one of my favourite spots in town and after a few visits, its Stockbridge sibling has lived up to my expectations and more.  Inside it's effortlessly stylish. Decked out in wood, lit by candles held in old Whisky bottles and with Victorian meets Art Deco furnishings it's like a cross between a wild west saloon and somewhere you'd imagine Robert Louis Stevenson frequenting in Gothic Edinburgh but remaining very relaxing as well.  Which is in no small part credit to the staff. They are always personable, friendly, timely and attentive without being at all intrusive.  Their selection of beer is limited to a couple rotational ales and a further 3 or 4 beers on tap. The main focus here is on wines, spirits and cocktails. Their cellar is impressive with a huge variety of wines, spirits and some unique and original cocktails. If you're looking for somewhere for a quality drink, you can't possibly be disappointed.  Likewise, there's little to fault with the food. The menu seems to change daily yet stay constantly creative. Offering a choice of dishes from small 'tapas' style sharers to larger options. All with a bias toward traditional, quality Scottish food and ingredients. I've yet to have any misgivings  There's no shortage of great bars and pubs in Stockbridge and the Bon Vivant is not only a perfect 'fit' but a stand-out establishment.
4 Wer in Edinburgh etwas abseits vom unmittelbaren Touristenstrom um Burg, Princess Street und Holyrood House auf Entdeckung gehen will, den sei der Stadtteil Stockbridge empfohlen.   Der Bon Vivant liegt mitten drin, er ist auch noch ein Pub mit sehr gutem Essensangebot. Hier wird auf Qualität der Ausgangsprodukte und eine moderne, ansprechende Zusbereitung großen Wert gelegt.  Der Weg hierher lohnt allemal. Natürlich auch für das Bier, Ale oder den Whisky.  Das Personal ist übrigens überaus freundlich.
