5 Dr. Suffaleta is an amazing and personable dentist! The staff is amazing and personable and you can see they enjoy their job, their patients and each other! What dentist office can you go to and hear laughter, friendly banter and great music!? They are all truly a joy!
5 Dr. Suffoletta and his staff are amazing.  There are so many things that can make a trip to the dentist an awful experience, but this is an amazingly wonderful office!  Dr. Suffoletta has the most amazing technology: 3d scans of your head, a 3d printer in the office to make crowns right on the spot, wireless, digital x-rays.  It makes the experience quick, thorough and accurate.  When it comes to cosmetic dentistry, he isn't messing around!  I have a crown at the front of my mouth and he cares more about its appearance then I do.  He made sure that it was exactly what I wanted.  When it was complete, he wasn't certain about the shading on it.  So he called me back in and got it exactly perfect!  It is rare to encounter someone with his work ethic.  He has taken emergency patients on Sunday, stayed hours past the last appointment to finish a tricky crown and always has a joke to tell.
1 Dr Suffoletta is an extremely personable guy, but this Is where the compliments end. I went in there for my first semi-annual exam/cleaning (this dentist had bought the practice or taken it over for my original dentist). After taking some x-rays the dentist took me into a back room and proceeded to tell me that I needed a root canal (true) and just about all of my fillings, I believe 7-8 in total, had to be redone. We scheduled a visit to have half of them done and he completed the redo on the right side of my mouth.       In the meantime my wife goes in for her semi-annual checkup. Guess what? She needs all of her fillings redone too. As you can imagine this is where we start to get suspicious. I asked for a copy of my x-rays and then took them to get a second opinion. The new dentist said that as far as my teeth go I did need a root canal, but that my fillings were fine. Not only that but the fillings that Dr Suffoletta did replace were replaced with a type of filling material that lasts considerably less long than the silver ones I had, which means I will need them redone in 7-10 years.      My wife also got a second opinion and our new dentist told her she needed nothing done to her teeth. So in short our bill went from about $2300-2500 to about $800.
1 Normally I wouldn't continue, but the owner's response in my opinion is deceptive. It is not a matter of whether or not the filling were needed due to deterioration. They were not needed. Comprehensive care seems to mean to Dr Suffoletta, replacing solid silver fillings in the back of your mouth with shorter lasting cosmetic ones. If it were me I would increase training and/or let the customer know that they have other options. Some folks might want the service he provided to me. I wouldn't have allowed the work to be done if I had all the facts.
5 Many employees at the company I work for all go to Dr. Suffaletta and I have never heard a negative thing said about his office, service, recommended treatment or pricing.I just wanted to take a moment to tell about my experiences as well as my childrens at Dr. Suffaletta's office. From our first visit they are so welcoming and attentative, they remember you, they make you feel welcome and not just like another patient or dollar bill walking through the door. Dr. Suffaletta makes sure you know ALL of your options in regards to treatment and wants to make sure it is done right. Sometimes that may cost more at some offices than others, depending on the technology and procedures.   The staff cares just as much as well and always wants to make sure you are comfortable. I have never experienced any type of recommended procedures that were not actually needed for myself or my children. My youngest was referred to an orthodontist for braces and they recommended oral surgery to remove her wisom teeth. Dr. Suffaletta went way above and beyond to make sure this was an appropriate option for my daughter. This procedure was not done at his office so he was not getting paid yet because it concerned his patient he checked in on her and also made sure to let me know the pros/cons of my decision which is always appreciated. I have had numerous interactions with this office and would hate for anyone not to visit this office based off of 1 negative review. (Actually 2 from the same person) Taking my experiences into consideration I will continue to get dental care for myself and my family at this office until he retires!!
5 Couldnt be happier the staff is super nice and the dr is crystal clear on the costs Explained everything very well took pictures of every tooth told me what needed work and what could wait  Pretty rare these days i would recommend to anyone of my family members/friends
5 I have had multiple cleanings with Dr. Suffoletta and I would not go anywhere else. The staff is friendly, and I am always impressed with the level of technology that is incorporated when he is explaining his treatment plans to me. Since my filling have been redone I have had no pain, and I plan to get the whitening treatment when I go back for my next cleaning.  I highly recommend this dentist!
