5 Vegas Metropolitan Police Department has their own yelp page so why not North?! Found it unfair that they had one but NLV didn't so decided to create it for them!  Each city has obviously faced some tough economic times. On that note, it has taken a serious toll on this city. And as statistics have proven, because of the economic pressure, crime rates have gone up. Making these officers busier and at the same time, facing some serious budget cuts. Cuts not only puts innocent and honest officers out of jobs, but it also makes the community far more dangerous and puts these officers in more imminent danger since they can be outnumbered.   I got the opportunity to volunteer with NLVPD and be a part of their Citizen's Academy. It was truly a enriching experience. I got to meet a lot of officers who specialize in different fields such as narcotics, K9, homicide detectives, and SWAT. They all shared their experiences and taught us a brief overview of their expertise. Boy is there a lot more than what the media displays. The kind of pressure they have is so unappreciated and undermined.   Being a part of NLVPD's Citizen's Academy also allowed me to do a 10 hour ride along with their officers, in which I got to follow an officer do his duty throughout the day. And I got to wear a Kevlar vest! Nevertheless, a very rewarding experience. I got to experience real life crimes ranging from domestics to stabbing. (Yes with a knife). Even had to witness a fatal auto-pedestrian accident. By the time the officer and I reached the hospital, they put the sheet over him, which means that he had died. I was fortunate enough to experience an unfortunate event. Only to humble me and teach me that life can end that quickly.  Other than my rewarding experiences, these officers deserve just as much as credit as Metro has received. The amount of pressure they have to patrol a city that is similar to South Central, yet, a greedy city manager that's breathing down their necks to cut officers and cut their pension, only for the manager himself to maintain his outrageous benefits. Don't believe what the media says and respect the men who are putting their lives on the line just to ensure the safety of a mightily struggling community.
1 I've never met such a team of mean,surly,unhelpful and ignorant people.  I thought your job was to protect and serve. That's all crap.  Hey north towns police!!! Try doing your job for 1ce... If you can do anything.
1 First off, I would like to start by saying I have a great respect for anyone who serves, as a Military Veteran and someone with family who are law enforcement I find it very profound.  With that being said, the North Las Vegas motorcycle officers are rude, short, and unforgiving.  I have been pulled over twice since arriving in Las Vegas a year ago.  Both of those were for speeding, admittedly my fault.  In both cases the motorcycle officer walked up, asked for my info, stated I was speeding, walked back to his bike, and then proceeded to hand me a ticket.  Not once did either ask why I was speeding, have any sort of common courtesy as humans, or exchange any pleasantries.  They just come off as ticket writing thugs.  I even asked if they were in the business of EVER writing a warning, he stated NO, not when they are trying to slow speeders in a certain area.  This is where it becomes a bit douchey.  The area he speaks of just so happens to the "main" pipeline for all military, veterans, and government employees working at Nellis AFB.  They sit just south of 215 on Lamb before you get to the 15.  They sit there all morning and afternoon writing tickets, I have witnessed this go on the entire year I have been here, not protecting anyone or serving any purpose other than piling in money for North Las Vegas.  It's pathetic and pretty horrible overall.  Why are they not out doing something useful that our taxes pay for, other than generating more revenue for them to justify their jobs?  Time for NLVPD motorcycle cops to get a real job or start doing theirs better than they currently are.   Ticket warnings are allowed, I've seen it happen before.  It is just as effective in slowing speeders, your presence is felt either way.
