3 Coming from California, I was exposed to many different fairs such as the LA County Fair and the OC Fair. Those fairs hold some of my most precious childhood and teenage memories. When I first heard about the Nevada Wild Fest, I had high expectations. Sadly, they weren't met.  When I was approaching the festival, I was definitely excited to hear the loud music and rides. I was ready to buy tons of fried food and indulge myself in the full festival experience. However, while I was there I found myself bored within the first 30 minutes. It almost felt as though I went through everything and didn't have much left to see. The food was mediocre and the rides weren't as fun as the ones I've been on at the LA County Fair. To be honest, I was just disappointed.   The one thing that kept the interest alive for me had to be the dog competition. Watching all the cute dogs compete against each other was definitely the highlight of the festival experience.
2 I can't help but make comparisons to San Gennaro since both events are so similar. First off, Wild Fest charges $10 for admission, SG was $7. Luckily they offered a Groupon, so we were able to get them for $5 a piece. They have a lot less in the way of rides and games then SG so I assume the higher admission price was due to the celebrities at this event. In fact, that's one of the only reasons I'd give Wild Fest an extra star...we are huge fans of The Voice so being able to meet Danielle Bradberry was pretty cool.  The rides are ridiculous, with tickets costing $1.25 a piece. Just like SG, the only "value" at this event is purchasing a $30 unlimited wristband so the kids can ride as much as they want. However, they have a lot less rides and things to do which was kinda lame. They did have a slightly better variety in food to choose from and it seemed like the vendors had decent prices in comparison to SG. But everything was still way overpriced...food, drinks and the games too. They also only had about 20 port-a-potties for the whole event which as expected, were naaaaasty!  So, this or San Gennaro? Hmmm, I'd say neither. You'd probably have more fun taking $20 bills out to the desert and shooting at 'em!
2 Coming to this event was a waste of time and gas. It was so small and sad looking, with barely anyone walking around. There were probably about a dozen food trucks, a stage, an area with rides and maybe 20 or so vendor booths that consisted of mostly advertising and high pressure sales to get you to buy their product. I made a couple rounds through the fair and left without spending any money or buying/eating anything since it just looked so boring. Not sure how they can charge $10 admission with no re-entry! There was also only 1 stand selling beer, 1 with wine and another with cocktails...so you don't really get much of a selection. Would not recommend this event to anyone unless you have kids that will go on rides, but even so there were not very many rides compared to other fairs I've been to, even just comparing to other fairs in Vegas!
2 Nevada Wild Fest. What exactly does that mean? Looks just like any other traveling carnival except this is one of those that charges you a 10 dollar admission just so you can walk around just to decide how much more money to spend on food and/or rides.  The concept is basically like Disneyland except on a much more smaller, more ghettoish type of scale. I know, ghettoish really isn't a word but you catch my drift.   Yes, I know there is a Groupon and Living Social deal for 5 bucks but that's besides the point. The fact that you have to pay just to get in only to be disappointed is what I consider time lost which equals money lost.  The rides they have are basic, nothing really stands out. Each ride takes a certain amount of tickets and of course you have to get just enough tickets just to ride 2 or 3. Really not worth it. Even with the all day ride pass.  As for the number 1 reason why most people go here is the food. First stop was the Dole Pineapple Whip booth. I got kind of excited because the only place that I knew had this was Disneyland where the Enchanted Tiki Room was. This place even had the words Tiki Treats in the upper left hand corner of their stand. What I found out was that it was a definite knockoff. Their largest size Float Whip was 5  bucks and my two kids easily devoured it in under 30 seconds meaning it wast that large at all. I tasted it and it was no where near what Disneyland serves.  Next stop. Soul Food Café Express. My boys were feenin for Deep Fried Catfish with Fries and Dirty Rice as the sides. I ordered just one combo so they can share since we were gonna be eating other things. Cost 8 bucks. When we got our food, the two breaded filets were really good. As for the fries, they were soggy and was still dripping in grease. It seemed to only have been cooked halfway like they forgot about it after the fish was done so they through it in the fryer real quick only to pull it out prematurely. The Dirty Rice could have literally been dirty like it was dropped several times on the floor making its way to the skinny cardboard food holders they give you. It looked more like oatmeal sprinkled with seasonings. So basically we paid 8 bucks for two filets of breaded catfish.  Next stop. Wing King. Now these guys I am definitely familiar with. I got a Review Of The Day (ROTD) for their 6475 W Charleston location.  I got Fried Pickle Chips for 5 bucks and 10 Honey Barbeque Wings for 12 bucks. Both items I got my money's worth and just like their home location, it was very good.  Last Stop. Mama Ita's Roasted Corn. We came here to get Funnel Cakes. Damn, 7 bucks. At least you get strawberries, powdered sugar, and whipped cream on it. Probably the most expensive Funnel Cake I ever ate.  The worst thing I have to mention are the Port O Potties. Not only are they nasty, but according to my wife, none of them even had any toilet paper. Good luck if there is any soap or water left.   So if anybody asks me about "The Nevada Wild Fest" I will tell them only go if you have lots of money to spend and if you have absolutely nothing else better to do.
