4 Stopped in here today because my local taco shop wasn't ready to go @ 6am this morning. I haven't been to a Roberto's in awhile, no reason why. I ordered a bacon breakfast burrito, lucky me it was the special of the day.....$2.99 plus tax on Tuesdays. It was good, not great but hit the spot. Tortilla was grilled perfect and portion size was perfect, I like my bacon pretty crunchy but will ask them for extra crispy bacon next time. This Roberto's replaced the old taco place that used to be there called peppers.
4 While waiting for a friend's doctor appointment, we decided to grab a quick bite at Roberto's.  I've been to several locations in my time, but I have to say that this is the best looking.  The place was clean, the seats were new and the bathroom!  the bathroom was spotless, I only used 1 coat of antibacterial gel afterwards.  Which as it should be, since it appears that this particular location is having its grand opening.  Not much to say about food, other than we ate it and we didn't get sick. The prices are great and the service was speedy.  The consistency of Roberto's is pretty spot on, which is always  good to know you can expect the same thing at their other locations.
1 Service was amazing-- that's were it ended.  See my tip about the food. When I got home,  I painted the toilet for over an hour!  Nuff said, right?
4 I love Roberto's 3am in the morning.  I work until 3am on Sunday nights and class at 8am on Monday.  If I go to sleep, I cannot wake up until 11am.... So I always go to this Roberto's to grab breakfast and sit for 2 to 3 hours reading.  Reading at Roberto's?  It is quite weird but I got use to it.    The only thing about this location is that sometimes Homeless people come to purchase a drink and they sleep at a booth... The staff there is also very friendly regardless of the late hour.  The food is decent.  It's not the best Mexican food ever, but I like it. My favorites are fish tacos and California burrito.  I recently tried the fish burrito but I think tacos are way better just because the fish stays crispy with the taco wrap.  So I like this location.
5 nice Service Open 24X7 Good Food  I have been to roberto's at different locations but the food at this location stands out to be the best of all. its simply mouth watering. i like there Shrimp & Chicken Burrito. its hot and tasty. special mention about the size of the shrimp, they are big :) Even though i dont understand the language, I enjoy the Mexican music.  Good Quality food. Clean Restaurant.
3 It's average Mexican food served very quickly.  Roberto's is designed to rush Mexican food out as quickly as possible.  It's still pretty good and pretty cheap despite how fast it gets made.  My usual complaint from this place is that it's rushed out so much that often I get meals with cheese that isn't melted when it should be.  For example, if I buy nachos, I would normally expect the cheese to be melted, but it never is.  Instead I get cold cheese on some chips with beans, meat and other stuff.  I do like the flavor of their Carne Asada.  It can be Asada nachos, or an Asada plate, does not matter it tastes very good.  I haven't gotten to adventurous so Ive only ordered the chicken tacos, chicken enchiladas, Asada Nachos, Asada Burrito, and cheese enchiladas.  Everything was pretty good, but not too special.  Basically exactly what I expect from this type of place.
5 Very good food. The staff is always nice and the restraunt is clean. I love the rolled tacos with rice and beans. They are open 24/7
5 I like their food especially the enchiladas. I got an order for a friend on Mother's Day and she loved it. The restaurant is very clean and the service is excellent. Oh, and the price is inexpensive and they have great salsa, and other garnishes that are a nice (free) addition to any meal. We're always happy when we chow down here.
5 Came here for lunch. The place was quiet, very large clean when I got there they were cleaning. Its bright, cheerful and everyone was so helpful. Ordered chicken taquitos what I always get. They were fantastic, fresh cooked correctly. Lots of fresh salad and guacamole on top.The guacamole was almost flavorless but the salsa added with a little salt made it perfect and all was right in the world again. Anytime Im in the area and craving a taquito fix I will definetly be back.
4 This store was very clean, so that is always a good thing! The carne asada fries are really good, and the portion was huge! This place is open 24x7 and in Vegas that is a good thing. The staff was helpful and got the order just right! Yumm!!
4 One of the better locations for Breakfast Burrito's . They dont skimp on the portion size and dont overcook like a lot of the other locations and I've been to 90% of them, testing for numerous websites.  Very clean location as well.
4 Miss the 2.99 special but figured I would give them another try since don tortacos breakfast burrito seems to be getting smaller and smaller. May go here now. Still wish there salsa was a little thicker and had more heat less vinegar taste.
3 Had a couple shredded beef tacos from this Robertos for lunch and the beef didn't have any of the normal flavoring.  Service was good, but food needs a little work to be as good as some of the other Robertos in town.
2 Another location that is pre-cooking their Carne Asada, then reheated when ordered. Tough as leather and overcooked. This trend will only take them farther downhill!
