5 We went here for brunch on a Saturday. Wonderful flank steak sandwich with field greens. The brunch menu was extensive (as well as the lunch choices) and the outdoor dining was awesome! Best brunch we've had in a long time, would recommend it to anyone!
4 Took out of town clients here for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves on the outdoor patio. Good selection of wines, but what really impressed us were the scallops and ribeye. Try one of the flatbreads - our favorite was the grape and blue cheese (trust me on this) combination. Attentive, friendly service, and be sure to try the dessert!
5 Wow. LOVED our experience in its entirety! We are residents of the surrounding neighborhood and have been to this location as its previous two identities, and Veranda Restaurant blows them both out of the water.  We had excellent service from our waiter Sherman, who brought information and humor and enthusiasm to our table along with our amazing food. We shared three small plates and a pasta dish. Everything was phenomenal! Fried jalapeños stuffed with cream cheese and spicy sashimi tuna with habanero spiced caviar were out of this world. The tempura vegetable special was perfect- light and fluffy batter and every veggie was cooked properly. My husband loved the chorizo and potato quesadilla, and even as less of a Mexican fare fan I enjoyed it quite a bit. The taste I'll be back for, however, is the avocado pesto linguine. That is the tastiest pesto I have ever had.  We can't wait for our next date night to revisit and try to decide whether to try something new or order the exact same thing. It was that good!   The slow-food experience is very enjoyable. Served all at once, our meal may have been overwhelming. It was great to sit there for just a little longer than usual and enjoy the company on a Friday night out.  Great job on a wonderful dining experience. I'm picky as a former restaurant industry employee and I have a new favorite restaurant. :)
5 I've been here twice since Veranda opened and am thrilled with the changes they've made. Starting with the decor- the addition of booths in the front bar are a fantastic idea, and I love the outdoor bar! Service on both occasions has been really warm and friendly- knowledgeable, professional servers. But- the FOOD! From the bruschetta to the flatbreads to the small plates and pasta dishes- literally everything I've eaten has been delicious. Of the desserts, if you don't order the bananas Foster, I just don't know what's wrong with you!
5 Just had (Saturday) brunch of Artichoke & Sun Dried Tomato Benedict with cheese grits - incredible!!  The ambience is clean and open; great bar selection and excellent menu.  Will definitely go again and again!
3 I am very happy that Fitchburg has a restaurant in place for the old continental but I think it still needs some work.  I see a lot of positive reviews and I wish mine could be but it is not.   Veranda = Ok  I seriously was expecting more especially on taste.  I will say the service was excellent and the outdoor patio is very nice but the food to me was bland and boring.  The bruchettas we just average and the couple that we had just lacked something to me.  We also had the chorizo,shrimp and jalapeno flat bread and that has zero taste at all.   Honestly they must use the weakest peppers in the world.  Finally I had some seared scallops and wow was I disappointed.  First off I only  get three tiny scallops and they did taste decent but I only got three.   They were served over a lot of spinach.  Now, if I was Popeye, that would be great but I am the guy who wants scallops and I only got three.  I am not ruling Veranda out because I did have a good experience and the food was not bad but it just lacks flavor.    I will try again sometime and maybe my opinion will change.
5 Sashimi Ahi Tuna and Side Pork.  Out of the ordinary, light, flavorful, and delicious starter  Wrapped Greens.  Light simple delicious. Dressing is amazing. Could be a nice starter dish.  Spiedini  Order it, enough said  ***** Request Sherman as your server, he is very knowledgeable in all areas (wine, food, drink). He also goes above and beyond to make your night great!
5 Just came to visit from Austin, and had lunch at Veranda on the way from the airport.  Awesome Tilapia sandwich -- grilled perfectly with some kind of lime sauce.  Highly recommend it.  And the service was superb .  So helpful and knowledgable , but extremely friendly as well.  Would become regulars here if we were local !
5 I have dined here several times and absolutely loved it.  First off, the brunch is by far the best in town.  If you like eggs Benedict they offer a variety of different options.  My favorite being the beef tenderloin Benedict with bacon and citrus hollandaise sauce.  For dinner they offer flatbread pizzas, pasta, and a variety of small plates.  I would highly recommend the oysters veranda style, the little neck clams, and sashimi tuna. Give this place a try!
5 Amazing.   Amazing I've been here 5 months and never heard a peep about this place.  Amazing that happy hour starts at 3.... 3! That's when I wake up most days.  Amazing staff. Amazing but odd but quirky but charming but warm interior.  Amazing it's in Fitchburg. Sorry Fitchburg but the rest of my meals there have been lackluster.  And Veranda takes the title of Best Mussels I Ever Ate. This isn't an official contest sanctioned by Yelp or anything, just something random I made up right now, but it bears repeating... Veranda in Fitchburg has the Best Mussels I Ever Ate. They're huge... HUGE, and they're served in a simple Chablis and butter broth. What's Chablis you ask? Well here's a funny story...  It was my junior year in college and my friend and acting classmate Mary and I decided it would be fun to buy a new wine every Sunday (because we were legal) and read a bit about it in this book she received as a gift about wine. Being college students we wanted to get the most bang for our buck so we walked out of Meijer with a jug of Chablis. We poured two glasses, nuzzled up on the couch, and flipped to the white section and to the C's to begin learning.   Champagne Chardonnay Chenin blanc  Wait a minute... what happened to Chablis? Apparently our book decided Chablis wasn't worth mentioning. Apparently neither to most wine drinkers, bartenders and residents of Chablis. That was the end of our weekly wine tasting. However, in this instance I'm happy to report it made for some bomb broth.   My dinner date and I also shared some charcuterie, I'll tell you a story about charcuterie later. That was phenomenal as well. And so was the bruschetta starter where you can select 4 from a list of 8 or so. 8 different sorts? It's true.   All in all it was an awesome evening and I can't wait to get back there for more!
4 A great selection of menu items, including high quality cuts of meat in the charcuterie plate we ordered. The salad was fresh and carefully arranged. The service was fantastic, attentive and friendly without being intrusive. The steamed mussels were good, but over-salted for my taste.   It has a romantic atmosphere without the pretension, so it's a great place to go for a casual but earnest date.
3 The best part about this place is happy hour.  Great tapas and drinks at a reasonable price for after work.  Now the bad...on my last visit I was with a few friends and I was hungry enough to order an entree.  The rest of the group also ordered both tapas and entrées, but all of the food came out at random times; up to 45 minutes apart.  The waiter was kind enough to give everybody a free round due to the inconvenience.  Also the size of the entrées is pretty ridiculous... For 20 bucks I expected salmon to be larger than 3-4 oz.  Stick to the happy hour items and you'll be just fine.
4 Tremendous place to have a fantastic diverse selection from menu.  Little something for everyone.  Service we had was world class (Keith).  Proper service, great menu, relaxed feel and cool atmosphere for a place that has been open well under a year (asked the lady checking on tables, she stated July 2012)
4 Awesome appetizers!  The steaks are decent and the side dishes not bad.  Tried the caramel flan but found it generic.  Overall a great place for dinner but not going to win awards.
2 I went during restaurant week and low staff attendance.  I'd rather try them again before i make any sore of written review.
3 The things that were great about our meal were truly great. But there were a number of things that missed the mark.  It was graduation weekend, and the kitchen and wait staff seemed overwhelmed. Everything - drinks, appetizers, taking orders -- took longer than expect.   Our entrees were absolutely delicious. Between us, we ordered the short ribs, the lamb chops and a seafood pasta. The eggplant involitini as an appetizer was wonderful, too. A few dishes missed the mark. We ordered the mussels because of rave reviews on yelp. Our were tough and overcooked. Our Bananas Foster was sort of odd, with a chewy piece of bread in the middle, which required cutting, but no knife was provided.   I was very surprised that forks and knives were never changed out throughout the entire meal. With shared plates and multiples courses, one fork from appetizer through dessert seemed odd and unpolished.  The highlights we high enough that we will surely be back. Hopefully it will be a less crazy weekend, there will be fewer kinks, and I'll just ask for a new fork if I want one!
5 Really liked the appetizers & food. And specially loved the drinks. One of the best Cucumber Martinis I've ever had.
4 If you loved the Cafe Continental formerly located in downtown Madison just off the square you'll also love Veranda which has essentially the same menu. The brunch at Veranda is a delicious pleasure. The steak benedict is as delicious as I remember. This new location lacks the intimacy of Cafe Continental but it adds a very large outdoor seating area. The food here is delicious and comes with friendly service. Highly recommended.
2 A lot of cash for not a lot of food.  The food tasted ok but I paid $28 bucks for a ribeye that was as thin as a burger at a fast food joint.  The have way to many items on the menu and the waiter couldnt answer simple questions about any of the items from out party of 6.
5 For many years my husband and I lived in San Francisco where a favorite restaurant quickly became a faithful friend or a country one likes to visit again and again.  Once we resettled in Madison, we regularly frequented the Café Continental on King Street because it reminded us of the great restaurants we had formerly enjoyed and also because of its unique style.  Besides its first-rate menu, the theatrical decor,  with its Renaissance colors, and the engaging drama of the place, with its subtle lighting and joyful sounds, kept us, and many others, coming back.  Now relocated to Fitchburg, the Veranda carries on the tradition of the Café Continental and the high culinary values of the Schiavo family.  Brunch on the weekend is when we typically have chosen to come. The Veranda benedict, boasting the best ingredients, features asparagus and prosciutto or beef tenderloin and Bavaria smoked bacon with an addictive Hollandaise sauce.  Included with the order is Rose Marie's recipe for a warm, creamy potato side dish.  The Benedicts alone are worth the trek to the suburbs.  Alternate selections include a similar array of omelettes, French toast or pancakes.  Also on the menu is a rich array of fresh oysters as well as mussels and clams--devilishly good in a Chablis and garlic butter sauce.  Specialty items include Rose Marie's original spiedini, besides other selections we have yet to try.    Then there are the many freshly made pasta dishes (the pappardelle pasta with shrimp and wild-caught scallops bathed in a buttery cream sauce is splendid), sandwiches-my favorite is the grilled chili-ginger marinated tilapia and my husband's the curry chicken with dried cranberries and romaine lettuce served on a toasted ciabatta) and then the salads (an old reliable for me is the Veranda Caesar salad with grilled chicken, shaved cheese and croutons.   Irresistible on a cold day (a hot one as well!) is the mushroom soup which is velvety and delicious, the slices of bread accompanying it, and other dishes, are marvelously fresh and warm.    The deserts are original and appealing.  Famed Babcock Hall espresso ice cream with little chunks of truffle based on a Veranda-inspired formula anyone?.  A taste of the afterlife, to be sure!  The outdoor " verandah," with its bower of shadowing trees, hanging baskets bursting with red flowers and fluttering canopy umbrellas, seems ideal for a home-made lemonade or any one of a number of stronger spirits from behind the fully-stocked (nifty zinc counter) bar.  Savor a glass of fine cabernet or pinot grigio from the luxury of options on the bar's wine list.   On a late afternoon, add to this  an appetizer of caponata bruschetta or fried calamari with a lemon garlic aioli.    Many of the loved recipes which were appreciated by the hundreds of patrons who made the Café Continental their restaurant of choice have returned.  Abundant portions of the best in quality of pasta, steak, seafood and greens are proudly served.   The interior of the restaurant is warm, embracing and truly "continental", a honeycomb arrangement of rooms perfect for special events.  One feels special, a part of the family, greeted the moment one arrives by the hostess, who brightens the experience, then offers a comfortable booth or table.  Staff are friendly and engaging.  The premises are immaculately clean.    Once you begin going out to the Veranda, the distance seems not so far and this fine ultimate destination actually seems very near.    Carole M.
3 Quite frankly, I'm not sure how the reviews for this place are so good. We went for lunch for Restaurant Week, and it was really pretty meh.  Started with the smoked salmon on crostini--definitely the highlight of the meal. The smoked salmon was done in-house and seasoned well. Really good. The greens that came with it, though, were oily and overdressed. Points off.  For the entree, all three of us got the short ribs--they were really, really mediocre. I mean...just not that good. The pieces were overly fatty (so much so that there wasn't much meat on them), there was a bizarre, hoisin-like sauce on top and then a random piece of parsley (maybe cilantro?). Honestly, the dish came across as confused. The mixed rice told me they were going for Asian inspiration, but the flavors just didn't really work. What meat was actually on the short ribs was good, but didn't stand out.  Dessert was profiteroles--the ice cream was absolutely delicious, but let's be realistic--everything that comes from Babcock Hall is delicious. Profiteroles were good, but nothing special. Whipped cream wasn't as thick as it should've been, and was really falling apart.  I debated giving them 2 stars, but the salmon was truly great, as was the service. As for whether I'd go back? No. Restaurant Week is an opportunity for a place to show off how good it is, so I'm willing to go back when it's not RW. Veranda certainly didn't do that.
4 According to friends Veranda is supposed to be at the same level as Eno Vino--and the person that told us that was SEVERELY mistaken.  Eno vino is a classy place with an amazing variety of dishes.  Veranda is good in its own right--much more expensive if you're going there for the tapas atmosphere as their tapas are expensive. You're better off ordering off the main menu.  We got bruschetta (Yellow Squash with bacon & gorgonzola, Smoked Salmon dill cream cheese, slivered red onions & capers, Beef Tenderloin with boursin & pickled red onion, and Prosciutto & Fresh Mozzarella, tomato, basil & balsamic drizzle) which were all great! And one main dish (Rigatoni Veranda Style sliced Italian sausage, fresh mozzarella, olive oil, Roma tomatoes, garlic, pine nuts, olives & fresh basil in a signature tomato sauce) to split between two. The pasta dish came already split for us in separate plates (much appreciated). We were stuffed and the bill was pretty low! Happy overall with the food and service. Very clean tastes and very true to the flavors of the ingredients.   As far as the ambiance, Veranda is certainly trying-the huge gilded mirror is beautiful and their outdoor area seemed pretty (we were indoors). The dishes are beautifully prepared and presented nicely. But the servers and host were all VERY casual. The way that they talked and conducted themselves left us both feeling like the restaurant's staff need to have more training before they can really be a classy place. Right now they are caught in the middle and need a bit more time to really hone their skills.    Besides that our waiter noticed our attire (we were pretty dressed up considering it was a Thursday night) and asked if we were celebrating something--we were, we just got engaged!!-- and he brought out a dessert compliments of Veranda. (Thanks!!)  It was a coffee ice cream stuffed inside a biscuit (not sure of the name-sorry) drizzled in some chocolate sauce with cream. It was really rich and great but definitely wasn't fresh, the ice cream was WAY frozen and the biscuit thing was good but a little hard.
5 Had brunch at the Veranda and was pleased to see many of my favorites from the old downtown Cafe Continental on the menu.  Highly recommend: Smoked Salmon Benedict  Bananas Foster French Toast!!! Amazing breakfast potatoes  Veranda's signature coffee truffle ice cream (if you're feeling indulgent)  Everything else on the menu looks great as well, I'll be back for sure.
3 Went to Veranda for Valentines Day and ordered from their pre-fixe Valentines Day menu. We had a reservation but since our table wasn't ready they directed us to the bar, bar service was a little slow but the bartenders were friendly. We were seated and while our server couldn't really answer a lot of questions, he was friendly. The Salad course (we both had caesar) was just ok, honestly not much better than I could have made at home. The entrees however were awesome! I had salmon and my boyfriend had the beef tenderloin. Both were cooked to perfection and the side pairings were excellent (beet purée and veggie risotto). Dessert was cheesecake and while good, definitely not the best I've ever had. Overall, this restaurant is definitely worth a try while not the greatest Italian I've had in Madison. Will be back to try some things off their normal menu.
2 We ordered the salmon entree.  The food took an incredibly long time to be served which lead me to believe they had forgotten our meal and then made it in a rush.  It was under cooked and had to be sent back.  I probably would not return to Veranda.
3 Great food. Great people. Great ambiance. Great location. Woefully understaffed. I understand I was here on Mother's Day, but multiple people were walking out an hour after ordering when they still had not gotten their food. The waitress was out of breath and obviously way overworked. They should be able to anticipate holiday demand better than this.
1 What a disappointment. Had reservations for Mother's Day brunch....waited 50 minutes, still no food. Asked the hostess to find out when we would be served; she never returned. Asked waitress...she never returned. Ended up leaving without eating. The hostess and owner were combative, rather than apologetic. Would never return after such awful customer service and disrespectful behavior.
2 I made reservations for Mother's Day, and I've definitely had better brunches. The outdoor seating was nice, and it was not too packed when we got there at 11. As other reviews have stated, they were very clearly understaffed for Mother's Day brunch. Our service wasn't the worst I've had, but it left a lot to be desired. No apologies or recognition that it was pretty slow. My mom had to try 3 times to flag down a server to refill her coffee.  I had the Mediterranean omelet with cheesy grits, and it was okay. I did not like the grits - not a lot of taste there. The mimosas were fine, nothing special. My dad said his omelet was okay, not great. My mom really enjoyed her Smoked Salmon omelet. Overall, nothing fantastic, especially considering the service. I wouldn't say that I refuse to go back, but I will seek out many other options before I try to come back here.
1 We have been there probably half a dozen times and had good food and speedy service.  This past Mother's Day, despite having a reservation, we waited 1hour and 45 minutes to get our food.  There was no explanation, no apology, and no attempt to make it right.  We will not be back anytime soon, and for sure not on any holiday when they won't be properly staffed.
