5 I don't get my nails done very often but in the summer I like to at least keep my feet looking a little bit less like a Sasquatches.  Since I've found this place I have not given my business to anyone else.  This place used to be a hair salon, but now it's just nails with some waxing done in the back.  It is clean and well kept and it doesn't have that overwhelming nail salon smell you get at most places.  Every staff member has always been friendly and even if they are busy they will get you started in one of their massaging chairs.  They have a couple of flat screens, so there is always something to watch plus the pedicure chairs usually have magazines to read as well.  Yesterday I got the best pedicure of my life.  Granted the place was a bit slow so Paul had more time to spend with me.  My goodness the massage was the best, he really put some muscle into it.  He said he was going to rub me till I stopped being ticklish.  I even got a hand massage even though I didn't get a manicure.  There have been times the staff will pass out little bottles of water while you wait for your toes to dry.  The pedicures are only twenty-two dollars and it really is money well spent, my feet look and feel amazing.
5 I have been shopping around for salons for awhile now, never completely happy with any one I go to.  I have not gone anywhere is after trying this salon.  The star is very friendly and nice. I have not had to wait too long for service and this is the only place where I don't feel rushed. The staff actually takes their time, pampers you, and engaged you in conversation. I feel totally relaxed when i come here. They do a great job whenever I go and I never feel pressured to purchase any services I don't want. This is the only place I go now.
4 I just moved here from the Bay Area and I've been hesitant about going to nail salons here: A. I have a nail salon back home that does the best pedicures, so my expectations are high and B. they only do it for $20.  They have other services for cheap, call them up.    Anyway, came in and loved it.  The chick, whose name I don't know, did an awesome job.  There was still something missing when I compare it to mine back home... Can't figure out what it is.  Maybe I just miss home-I don't know.  For my expectations, I think this is the one of the best Vegas has to offer.
1 CAUTION!!! I HAD TO HAVE SURGERY TO REMOVE PART OF MY TOENAIL!!! I had a pedicure there a few weeks ago and the lady cut my nails way to short, once they stated growing back 5 of them became ingrown... My big toe got infected and I went to the doctor. She said "wow they butchered you, really cut the shit out of your toenails" She then proceeded to numb my toe and remove about half the nail, it was disgusting. I now have 8-10 months of deformity to look forward to. Thanks for the worst pedicure of my life.
5 Absolutely loved this place! Nice and clean with great prices.Vivian did amazing job on my gel nails and im definitely going to be a repeat customer.
5 Had great pedicure today for $20 plus they gave amazing foot massage. Ill be back next month:)
