4 Fun place with lots of games to choose from. I believe they even had games just for playing in the store. The employees were friendly and helpful.
3 I have popped in to DSG multiple time since it's opened as a regular Magic: The Gathering player here in Arizona. DSG has come really far. When I first went, it was for a major tournament and it was obvious that the store owner was way over his head.  But this is a business that has learned form its mistakes. After its rocky start (prize payouts being bad, etc), DSG's owner has made it a point to communicate with the community of players and help meet our needs. In the past year, the shop has become one of the go-to places for gamers here in AZ.  It's one of the few shops that can hold large Magic tournaments, and also one of the few that holds regular Vanguard tournament.
1 Poor selection, no one greets you at the door though it was nearly empty. Two shelves of board games but one is blocked by tables for cards. Might be okay for Magic / Pokemon players but that's about it.
2 Poor selection and the guys that run the joint aren't the nicest. Never said Hi when entering...didn't offer any hero and or even bother saying bye when I was leaving but I certainly wasn't expecting I
4 I was greeted at the door (twice actually) where they explained how their store was laid out and asked if I needed help finding anything. The staff was jovial and had no aversion to small talk and pleasantries.  I went in looking for comics. They have new and recent releases on the wall, and back issues in boxes at the end. The back issues (thankfully) are actually organized, unlike other places. The prices were fair and include tax so they're a flat price, which was nice. They asked just slightly higher than my other favorite local store, but again, it was so slight It didn't bother me.   Overall I'd definitely go back. For me, half of the experience is knowing that I'm supporting a business that appreciates its customers, which is, based on first impressions, what I surmise to be true.
5 Recently went in while my GF and my daughter were getting their nails done. Was greeted right away. My GF son loves Pokemon and I was going to buy him some cards as well as Magic for myself. GF calls mad, because she kept getting skipped over. The employee at DSG recommended a place in the same strip mall. Long story short, the girls got their nails done, and the boys got some cards. Kudos to the employee who stepped in to help another business in the same strip mall
