5 Eloff over at Las Vegas Realty Specialists was able to save my family from foreclosure. He did an awesome job in negotiating with the bank and got the deficiency balance discharged (meaning that the bank agreed that they would never come after us for the outstanding balance). He also was able to get us $2000 in relocation assistance which really helped out.   Prior to meeting Eloff, we had already gotten scammed by a "Loan Modification Officer" and had been given the run around when we had to start the loan modification process 3 separate times (our loan kept switching hands between banks and therefore always had to restart the process).  I would definitely recommend Eloff and Las Vegas Realty Specialists to anyone facing foreclosure, wanting to do a short sale, or wanting to buy a home (or even rent a home! He helped us find our home after the short sales process was finished)
5 This guy, Eloff Perez got my short sale done. Got my paper work fixed, was very involved, got my second paid, got moving expenses covered by the bank (ask me and I'll tell you in person) and an awesome loft downtown! Nothing out of pocket! He even asked if I needed help with the move! This guy is honest and knowlegable. His site also has a mobile app or a full browser app that can find vacant properties and rentals!
5 Eloff Perez is a great Realtor that I will recommend to anyone out there considering a short sale or anything that has to do with Las Vegas Real Estate. He did an amazing job short selling my house and I am so greatful that I did not have to lose my home to foreclosure. Thanks Eloff!
5 Eloff Perez is amazing!!! I was fortunate enough to buy a home and sell a home with him as well. He made everything so easy I often forgot I was dealing with the stressors of buying/selling a home. I recommend him to everyone I know. I have known him for a long time and his character is always solid.
5 Eloff is great.  His real-estate knowledge is the best  and he also has become a good friend while doing business with him.
5 I hired Eloff a couple years ago and it was the best thing I could have done.  Exceptional service, very communicative and easy to reach, and very friendly.  He is a straight shooter and has sound advice.  I would definitely use him again.
5 Eloff helped us sell our investment property in Las Vegas. The entire process was seamless and Eloff made sure that we were well informed of every step of the way. He was able to secure a buyer and handled all the details flawlessly. We would highly recommend him.
5 Eloff was great.  Available at all times and very knowledgeable. Held our hand the whole way through and it was a very smooth transaction.
5 Today we closed escrow on our home in Henderson NV due largely to the tenacity and hard work of our realtor Eloff Perez. This man practically single handedly saw us through a process that could have been a nightmare - the bank throwing stumbling blocks at us all the way. Thanks to Mr. Perez and his unflagging zeal - and a very patient buyer - the deal is finally done. Thanks Eloff - you are numero uno in our book!
5 We are looking for property here in Las Vegas and Eloff Perez has been more than helpful. Eloff will take the pain out of searching for and purchasing property! With a vast knowledge of the field and his compassion for the customer Eloff is the best realtor we have ever dealt with. We highly recommend him to anyone looking to buy or sell property!
5 I recently purchased my first condo in Henderson NV with the help of Eloff Perez as my real estate agent. I can't tell you how many agents would not return my calls (maybe because I wasn't purchasing a million dollar home) but Eloff was quick to respond and execute a game plan that met my price range and needs. He was always available to answer my questions and concerns. He never makes you feel uncomfortable in any way and showed my boyfriend and I nothing but common courtesy and respect in being a first time home buyer. I too work in the service industry and can appreciate someone like Eloff that know how to treat people the right way.
5 Buying or selling hands down Eloff is the man you want when dealing with your realestate needs... He has made all my home purchases smooth and worry free... Impeccable services hard working and honest..... I couldn't thank Las Vegas Reality specialists Eloff Perez enough. ..
5 Where do I begin? I am/was a first time home buyer. I recently decided to purchase an investment property. I contacted a few real estate agents in the area, who did NOT return any calls. HORRIBLE! Fortunately, I was able to find Eloff and from day 1 he proved time & time again to be exceptional. During our initial conversation he inquired as to what my budget is and what exactly I am looking for. Eloff was on top of it!!! No matter day or night, weekend or holiday Eloff was there for me. Shortly I found a property which I fell in love with. Eloff went above and beyond assisting me with the purchase, and within 2 weeks, escrow closed and now I am a proud owner of a Condominium in Las Vegas.  I was so impressed with his performance, he will also manage my new investment!  Eloff has made this home buying experience effortless, and personable, easier than buying a pair of shoes.  (And for a women, buying shoes is no easy task! -- Big smile)   Thank you Eloff for your endless hard work, honesty and superior service.   If you are looking to have your property managed, or to buy a new property, CALL ELOFF
5 So as previously stated I recently purchased a rental property with Eloff as my realtor and  he was amazing. (Please read my previous review) Because of the fabulous job that Eloff did helping me with my purchase, I've also asked him to manage my property (being that he is also a property manager) Within a month,  Eloff has gotten my condo rented. He is and has been so on top of everything regarding my new investment that I just can't stop saying enough good about him. He has truly treated this like its his own property. So, if you need a realtor or a property manager??? No need to look elsewhere, Eloff is who you want to turn to. Thank you 100 more times Eloff for all you have done and continue to do.  Happy 2014!
5 Eloff helped sell my mother-in-law's house in summerlin.  He was super kind and definitely knows his stuff.  He made sure that there were no surprises in the process and made sure that we knew all of our options.  He got us more than we expected to get for the house, and it went through a lot faster than some of our friends said it took them.  Definitely use Eloff, he will not disappoint.
5 This man is a true real estate professional. I own a few  rental homes in Las Vegas and I am so fortunate to have him as my property manager. Eloff makes my life stress free by handling everything and anything that can arise from being a landlord. His knowledge and experience speak for themselves. Thanks for the great work you do.
5 I've known Eloff Perez for quite some time. My family and I are past and present clients. He does whatever it takes to get the job done. He is a one stop shop for all your real estate needs. From buying and selling to property management, Eloff is the best. He is very personable and treats all his clients with respect and common courtesy. I speak this from our own personal experiences with him. With someone like this on your side, you can't lose.
5 As first time home buyers, my fiance and I were understandably nervous. We were grateful to find a realtor who was so experienced and sincere; he took the time to guide us through the process and helped us find exactly the home we were looking for and within our budget. It was wonderful to find someone who was so professional and at the same time, made us feel like we were being guided by a friend who was genuinely looking out for us. If you're a first time buyer like us, you couldn't be in better hands. Thanks Eloff!
5 Eloff has been an excellent person to work with.  My situation, which I won't get into, was a tough one to deal with at the very least.  But Eloff has gone above and beyond to help me with a condo that my ex-wife and I short saled.  He was patient and very helpful in my particular situation.  If he could deal with my short sale and make it happen, I'm sure he can do pretty much everything.   P.S. He's already working on another short sale for me
5 Eloff Perez is the best real estate agent I have ever come across. He managed to get our FHA financed  offer accepted when no one else could. I had previously used 2 other agents prior to meeting Eloff and he was the only one that made the impossible possible! I highly recommend Eloff to anyone looking for an experienced real estate agent that knows and  understands the market.
5 Eloff is an awesome property manager. He's quick and on the ball to solve any issues that can arise. His follow-up and personable service is one-of-a-kind. I highly recommend him and his services.
5 Eloff Perez is the best property manager EVER!  We have been so impressed with his expertise and communication.  He put our home on the rental market and it was rented within 2 weeks!! He returns calls immediately! We don't know many people in this area and he found all the amazing people to take care of all if our repairs, etc as well!  Eloff has been right there with us every step of the way!  We couldn't be more pleased and would recommend him hands down!  You will NOT be disappointed !!
5 If you're looking for an honest and hard-working individual that will manage and take care of your investment properties, Eloff Perez is your man. He took over 2 of my rental properties last year and he's taken all the stress away from me and all the issues that landlords have to deal with. Eloff and his  team have it down to a science. Great communication and follow up. He takes action and makes no excuses. I highly recommend Eloff and his team.
5 I researched various realtors and property managers on Yelp. I was looking for someone that can manage my properties and help me find the best investment   deals to build my real estate portfolio. After having the pleasure to meet Eloff in person. I can see why so many people have such nice things to say ab out him. He is very kind, informative and is genuinely interested in getting you results. No question is too big or small.. Eloff does not stop until he s olves any issue that gets thrown his way. His work ethic is impressive. I've purchased some great investment properties with his help and they are all cu rrently rented and managed by Eloff and his team. Thank you for all your hard work.
5 We found Eloff through Yelp so wanted to be sure to add our review. My mother in law  needed to move out of state and we were looking to maximize the return on her property, obviously. We live in California so it  was more complicated for us to take care of things.  Fortunately for us, Eloff stepped up and helped with every aspect of the sale, before and after listing, allowing us to get it on the market quickly, we got a more than full price offer on the first day and closed in less than two weeks. Hello?! What more can you ask of an agent? His communication is excellent and his attitude is even better. We highly recommend him!!
5 I've known Eloff for years and I can tell you that he is passionate about helping his clients achieve their goals through buying, selling or even property management. In my case Eloff listed our home for sale and educated us on the different possible outcomes. We received multiple offers a week later and closed successfully shortly thereafter. The transaction went through just as Eloff explained from the beginning with no surprises. I wouldn't trust anyone else but Eloff and his team to handle my real estate needs in the future. His level of commitment and dedication is outstanding. Thank you Eloff for making it easy for me and my family.
