3 So I went and sold plasma today. They pay you to help you lose weight, that's how I'm looking at it. Shut up.  Anyway, the first time you go plan on being there at LEAST 4 hours. Eat something a few hours before you go, then again, literally JUST BEFORE you go!  You'll be waiting a while before they prick you to check your levels, so you'll stabilize, but won't be starving by the time they start pulling your fluids out.  The process is relatively painless. The waiting area feels more like a county hospital, but they did have movies playing. They CLAIM to have free wifi, and though I could connect, it wasn't getting me onto the 'net.  If you go, get all your calling and voicemails done before you go back to get sucked; no phone use! (They kind of look the other way for texting, but if it's up to your head, you'll get talked to)  Also, drink LOTS OF WATER before you go; you'll need to be well hydrated, as it will increase your chances of passing the screening, and will speed up the actual delivery of plasma. Plus, you have to pee in a cup.   I recommend making an appointment for your first visit.  Bring a book, or a well charged phone or tablet, and plan on doing a lot of nothing.
1 Don't even waste your time with this place. It is in a pretty shitty area of town, so much so that I was worried about my car. And I got the impression that just about everyone else there did not have a car to worry about.  I waited over 2 hours to pee in a cup, and then they rejected me. If you like wasting most of your day for nothing, then go right ahead. Otherwise, avoid at all costs.
3 As of yet accrual stars unknown.  This is information that is nice to know, (most is available other places) FIRST TIME 1) Expect to be there 4 to 6 hrs. 2) Be at door as close to opening as possable. 3) Eat before going and drink water (24 - 32 oz min) 4) if you take aspirin, max 320mg within 12 hrs (some uncertainty on time, could be less or more, I spelt the difference) 6) bring 2 ID with address or proof of addresses.  EATING ! Food will affect your blood.  Minimum 24 hours pre-plasma/blood giving: Do not eat the goodys we all love, sweets, high fatty foods (anything fried), high Cholesterol forming foods.  Foods you should eat are vegetables, legumes such as lentils (high in proten), dried beans, grains such as oats, (grits is corn).  Fruits & Avocados eat in moderation. ( sugars in fruit, fat in Avocados.)   Vegetables such as Kale is high in Vitamin K, this thickens the blood along with being very, very healthy for you.   My normal diet is high in these foods, therefor I usually 1/2 an Aspirin and several cups of water before blood tests.   These are foods high in Vit. K: Broccoli,  Brussels sprouts, White cabbage, Cauliflower, Swiss chard, Chives, Collard greens, Cilantro,  Endive, Kale, Leek, Bibb lettuce, Red leaf lettuce, Green onion, Parsley, Spinach, Turnip greens, Watercress Moderation is the key.   Coffee, Tea, and Soft drinks with caffeine are dehydrating and narrows the blood vesicles.  Carbonated drinks are also a no, no, the carbonation blocks calcium from your body therefore your blood.  Calcium has many jobs.  Just do not drink any of the above.    There are fats that are actually good for you, but to be safe be moderate in the good fats, no bad fats.  A personal note on eggs:  production eggs you buy in the store are not the same egg that was sold 75 years ago.   Just as with us chickens eggs gets there nutrition from what goes into the chicken along with its emotional state.  No sun, high stress gives you a fatty, high cholesterol egg among other things that missing.  Free range, natural foraging, cage free, carnivore chicken eggs have:   * 1/3 less cholesterol   * 1/4 less saturated fat   * 2/3 more vitamin A   * 2 times more omega- 3 fatty acids   * 3 times more vitamin E   * up to 7 times more beta carotene.  (With special diet Omega-3 fatty acids can be much higher)   The eggs sold as higher in Omega-3 is do to diet and are more expensive to produce, a bargain.  VEGETARIAN EGGS are a RIP-OFF, they have the lest good nutrition.  The vegetable proteins in soy is toxic to chickens, therefore has to be possessed to be non-toxic, but the chicken still can not digest soy protein properly, it is the same as giving dairy to someone that is lactose-intolerant, meds make it so they do not get sick, but they still can not use the nutrition in the dairy.  The must have bug, fish, or animal protein, it is the same as making a cat a vegetarian ......  That is the same with a chicken.  [see short 49 sec video of what a chicken wants     http://youtu.be/nZRNJPdKmVM   They will fight over it]  A personal note on grains:  most modern grains, more of the gain is utilized in nutrition, unfortunately that means also, it turns to sugar faster and more of it then grain 75 years ago.  In other words 1 loaf of modern bread is the same as eating 2 or more loves of bread 75 years ago.  (More diabetes)
1 Soooooo I used to donate pretty regularly in college, but it's been a while (let's say 2 years so I don't age myself too much). Anyhoo, I really wanted to try to start donating again. While research is mixed as to whether or not it has any health benefits, there is one thing we know for sure: It won't hurt you.  I called to make a first time donor appointment. Apparently they don't take appointments....it's first come first serve. She suggested I come in any day of the week by 0650 to secure one of the first spots. No problem I guess. I set my alarm, downed a bottle of water, grabbed a protein bar and I was on my way! Got there at 0645, thinking I would be one of the first ones.  Boy was I wrong.  The waiting room was already more than half full.  I stood in the one and only line, signed my name and took a seat. Twenty five minutes later they called me. Yay!  Not so much.  I was told I signed the wrong sign in sheet. I had to resign on the "new donor" sheet instead. Fine. Done. She made it sound like they would call me next since I had already been waiting for a while and no one was around while I was in line to offer assistance.  So I waited. For another 40 minutes. Nothing happened. Apparently I got moved back to the bottom of the entire list. So I just left.  Oh and the gentleman next to me told me that he was in the day before. After waiting for two hours, they informed him they didn't have time to take him and told him to come back another day. So there he was again. Seems like a pretty unorganized system. I'm still interested in donating, but I'll look for a place where I can make an appointment and not have to spend an entire day.
