3 Located in the new Terminal 3 of Las Vegas McCarran Airport, Village Pub and Grill offeres four craf tbrews, a root beer and an assortment of bar boods that according to the staff are never frozen or microwaved. I had their light beer which was crisp and refreshing but still had a very nice flavor to it, unlike a lot of domestic light beers. The 16 oz size was served in a frosty cold pint glass which was a nice touch.  I ordered their chicken wings which came out on a wax paper with a newspaper design on the back, a nice touch, not that I've never seen that presentation before. The wings were smaller than your average wing, but they serve 10 wings rather than the typical six or 8 larger wings. They weren't as crispy as I like them, but I did not specify so I can't fault them for that. The wings were tasty but the sauce lacked a particular zing and I could hardly detect any spice in the medium. I'll definitely get them hot if I come back here again.   Service was prompt and the staff friendly. I heard the fish and chips are outstanding from customers and staff but I can't speak for them personally. They had several TVs tuned to various sporting stations in case you want to catch a game or highlights. All in all, it's not a bad place for a snack and killing time at the airport.
1 Thought it sounded like a good idea... not at all.  Limited menu and the chicken strips were all fried coating, very little meat.  But the food in an airport is expected to be "eh" so that's not why it's one star.    The service was awful.  Told to take a seat and he would bring a menu to me, never did.  I waited for 15 minutes, all the while gesturing to the waiter to just get a head nod but no attention.  Gal finally came over and proceeded to take the guys orders next to me first even though they just arrived (unfortunately this rating reflects the fact that these guys were just rude not inviting me to order first, even though it was clear I was waiting).  Coke delivered instead of Diet Coke and charged 2.50 for a small ramkin of bland coleslaw.  Bummer that this place is representing the new terminal.  I would go to the little food court instead next time around.
3 Try the fish and chips.  The staff was nice and courteous.  KInda small but cool place to grab a bite to eat before leaving sin city.
4 Are you hungover? Do you want bar food? Do you want good beer? Do you have an hour to kill before your flight boards?  If you answered yes to any of those questions, you should definitely mosey your way over here. This is very convenient if you are flying virgin america and any other of the airlines nearby.  The restaurant seats about 30 people on the floor and 20 people at the bar. It's cozy, but it works. The service is fairly quick and the food is decent.  I ordered a quesadilla which came with quac, sour cream, and salsa on the side. The quesadilla itself was topped with a sauce that wasn't good or bad. You could probably ask for that on the side as well.
2 Say no to the "IPA"-tastes like Corona!
3 Airport bar with TVs on every wall. Clean and staff are trained to get people in and out. I am giving it three stars because the food is really below par even for a gateway pub; The seating is very cramped; most everybody has a bag or two for the airplane and the aisles and between table spaces are piled with bags it is hard to go a straight  line to the bathroom. We had four entrees and they all very poor. Stiff drinks and friendly staff keep this being a 2 star.
4 They serve Ellis Island Microbrews!!! Decent eats while in the Las Vegas Airport. The outter bar has outlets. Food was not badly priced for an airport. The microbrews were reasonably priced. Got the burger and fries and it was tasty! Amber microbrew was a great compliment to it!
4 I had a couple of hours to kill before my flight and it was early in the morning. Getting breakfast and looking at the Yelp Talk Threads seems like a great way to kill the time. I would say that the service here is pretty good, which is why it's 4/5. I sat on the"outside" portion of the restaurant - and waitress promptly got me a menu and water. And she stopped by every few moments to check on me - pretty attentive, considering that she was one of two waitress' keeping track of around 20-30 people coming in to get their morning food.  Dealing with airline passengers can be a challenge, but this place is warm and inviting, it's relaxing. Take the edge off with some food or drinks before you get on that infectious enclosed aluminum cylinder.
3 It serves the purpose of offering up a snack and a drink.
3 We only had the beers here, and they were pretty good brews! Plenty of seating was available, although a lot of chairs were taken up with luggage. We found seats at the bar with no problem.  Service was a little slow, but friendly, and we were in no rush. Beer prices are reasonable and they come in two sizes. The Hef and amber were great - the porter was okay.
4 Surprisingly good for an airport restaurant. They had some delicious fish & chips -- some of the best I've had. Definitely better eaten while fresh though. The fried chicken was just okay.  Serving sizes were quite impressive; definitely took my leftover chicken and ate it for dinner when I made it back home.  They have beer and cider on tap, and they'll let you sample stuff before you buy.
1 The worst fish and chips I have ever eaten.  Things were looking good when I arrived:  the feel was authentic, the menu said the fish and chips were batter-dipped as opposed to breaded, they brought me malt vinegar without me having to ask after I ordered , and the fish even looked pretty on the plate when they sat it down.  But when I started to eat it things were wrong fast.  At first, I thought there was fish roe in my fish because there was goey orange stuff inside.  Gross.  Then I realized that was liquid, uncooked batter.  Then I poked around at the other two pieces of fish.  All three were swimming in 1/4 to 1/3 of inch of doughy, undercooked, and in case liquid batter.  It was inedible.  When I scraped it off, the fish underneath was not particularly attractive, nor do I believe that it was either halibut or cod as I believe the menu promised.  Avoid.
4 This not a 4 star restaurant by any means!  But relative to what it is (an airport lounge).    However, two amazing things here (I disagree with Dave K)  -Fish and chips - 3 nicely (but not too much) battered pieces of fish that were amazingly tasty with decent fries. -On tap ROOT beer.  Very strange, but good.
2 Edible pub food in an airport....certainly better than buying overpriced snacks on the plane. Can't say I'd choose to eat here again however can't promise that I wouldn't if no other choices arose.
3 Best tequila sunrise of my livers life :) made my flight from Vegas to Seattle better.
4 Very, very good airport terminal restaurant.  I ordered three things and shared with my friend and I find the food is above my expectation (For an airport facilities) and price is not outrage too.  I really like their chicken fingers, steak fries and burgers were okay too.    Chicken Caesar wrap was alright.  I wish the chicken tasted better. Can totally skip that one.  But burger is good value you get 1/2 lb of angus meat with choice of toppings (for a fee).  Great services.  One of the best airport pub.  Great place to kill time.  Now they need to add more cell phone charging stations, then it will be perfect.
4 They serve their own beers and it's the best airport food you can find.  If this place had not been in an airport, I would have only given it three stars.  But, because airport food usually is the worst thing ever, this was a very pleasant surprise.    Their beers are awesome.
4 Even with a tragic hangover the beer here was delicious! Not that there are a lot of options for food and drink at the airport but I will aim for this little gem upon my return. I really like that from all they way down the terminal all you can see is the sigh that says, "PUB." Nuff said.  There are plenty of options here for both food and drink. It's standard bar food but it will do the trick better than some expensive airplane food. Add to that a ton of sitting room and a really cool decor and you can't lose.  Employees were attentive and polite which you don't normally see in an airport so I give them props for positive attitude. As far as last minute stops before your flight home - this is one to certainly check out.
3 I stop here on my way out of Vegas every month. The beers on tap pretty good, however I have yet to find something on the  food menu that passes muster. Fish and chips marginal, apps marginal. Maybe next month I will give a salad a try.   Service is always decent (not bad but not awesome either).   All in all as other reviews have stated its acceptable for airport food.
5 Phenomenal fried chicken (better than I'd expect at a free-standing restaurant, let alone an airport!) and really friendly, professional service from Julie. After two weeks on the road, this is definitely second best to getting home!
2 Food was ok. Awful place to watch a game. TV's hard to see unless you're at the bar and the manager wouldn't change the channel to the Thursday night NFL game.  Tried to move my chair so I could see a TV and was informed I couldn't move the chairs. I'll find something different in the terminal next time.
2 Meh....mediocre fish and chips- undercooked outer layer to the point I had to peel if off- fries were ok. Certainly mall quality at best.Wait staff was friendly when they had time. Only micro-beers of their own making-decent enough but at $8.00...Crowded shoulder to shoulder banquet style seating makes me wanna leave these hard wood chairs and go waste time waiting for my flight elsewhere. Try something else....
5 On our way out of town from my first trip to Vegas my wife and I stopped here for a bite before our flight.  The four days we spent in Vegas I was expecting to eat like a king and have lots of really good food but really only had three good meals and this place was one of them.  I had the Angus burger with cheddar, bacon, and guacamole.  OMG one of the best burgers I have ever had.  So often you get a burger where all the flavors get muddled together or one item over powers the rest.  Not this one.  Every bite you could taste each individual component.  The burger was juicy, beefy buttery full of flavor and was cooked perfect medium rare like i asked, the cheese actually tasted like cheddar cheese.  The bacon was crispy, not too salty and the avocado in the  Guacamole added a creamy note to the burger that can be beat. It's served on a Chiabata bun that was one of the better ones I have ever had.  Most chiabata are a little chewy and though to chew threw.  This one had just the right amount of strength to hold every thing but you could still get threw it with one bite. My wife had the club sandwich.  Another great sandwich.  Served on the same chiabatta. The ham was as good as it gets  the turkey was thin sliced and full of flavor. The same bacon as on the burger.  Such a simple sandwich but so easy to screw up.  This one however was not.  Don't stop here thinking your going to get a light meal.  Be prepared to eat.  And for being in an airport the prices were not out of line.  Especially for what you get.  Service was probably the best i had anywhere in town. I came with Fries or slaw.  The fries were standard slaw was good.  Thankfully the airline I fly uses the terminal this place is located in.  So I will be going back next time I go to Vegas.  Will probably stop there on the way in to and out of town.  Almost want to start planing another trip.
3 Probably one of the better places to eat at the airport if you don't want Burger King. Nice menu options, though I prefer the breakfast menu which is served until 11am. However, $18.99 for a chicken Caesar salad is a bit insane. Lower your prices please. Waitress was very friendly.
3 What can we ask for in an airport spot?  I guess decent food, some distraction, a great beer selection and that is what you get at Village Pub.   However; if you just keep your expectations reasonable and focus on the positive; then you will do all right.  The fries, wings and burgers are pretty good and most likely better than airplane food..........  With that said; if you have a layover and/or time to kill while waiting for your flight you cannot beat this spot for awesome service, lotsa tv's for sports watching and some people watching and a little conversation and laughter.  Sometimes that's more important than awesome food.
1 If you want a Root-beer Float, you will get the your bill and wait 10 min and still not get the drink, the manager was no help.  The bar was empty. Treated badly because I did not order any alcohol or food.   I was a customer, stopped in every month while I waited for my Flight. NOT ANY MORE.  had to give at least one star,but Zero Stars is more accurate.
3 I know it's the airport but are wings really that hard to make? We only had an order of wings and a beer and soda, but the wings were wayyyy below par.  Service was decent.
2 I think the "Meh. I've experienced better," pretty much describes this place. Came here on the tail end of our work trip just for a quick dinner before our 5:30 flight back to Seattle.   The waitress was nice enough but the food was sub par at best. I got the "homemade" fried chicken and boy was it fried. I think fried was an understatement. I ate it all but only because i had a sandwich and donut as my previous meals. Really nothing special it was close to our gate and they can get away with really terrible food considering that you're literally stuck in that space.
2 Skip this overpriced pub. My salad was brown and tasteless. The IPA didn't taste anything close to a hoppy beer. The water had a strange aftertaste. The staff was okay and mildly friendly.
2 We needed to grab some lunch before our 5 hour flight, so we figured we'd try the Village Pub.  What a mistake that was!  I'll start with the two positives.  One, we were able to sit down right away without a wait.  Two, my husband ordered the Amber Ale and really liked it.  It goes downhill from there.  We decided to order two of the wraps and split them.  We ordered the Chicken Caesar Wrap and the California Chicken Wrap.  The Chicken Caesar Wrap had good flavor, but it was extremely dry.  It seems that all of the Caesar dressing was at the bottom of the wrap, which was a bummer.  The California Chicken Wrap barely had any chicken in it.  It was surrounded by monterey jack cheese, which I love, but it was way too much cheese.  This sandwich was nothing special.  I selected the cole slaw as my side, and was not impressed.  It had a weird flavor too it and there were green peppers in it, which I find to be rather odd.  My husband went with the side salad which is an upcharge of $1.25, but he seemed to like that option better.  The service was incredibly slow.  It took forever to get our food, to the point that I thought we'd miss boarding our flight.  The people sitting next to us got their food so quickly, I don't understand it.  Honestly, I think Burger King would have been a better choice, and I dislike Burger King.
4 Got to the airport the usual 1.5 hrs early on 5/6/14, zipped thru security thanks to the new Jet Blue/TSA speedy security checks, and wanted to grab breakfast/lunch before the flight (the three hour time change makes you feel like you missed a meal when you get home :-). After walking thru the terminal, decided on the Village pub. We finally got lucky after losing most of the week at the tables. I had a burger, which was great, the fries were just right, and hubby had a chicken wrap which he also enjoyed. And being able to get lunch at 8 in the morning is always a plus! Our waitress was great, the service was quick and adjustments to the standard menu choice was handled without a hitch. We found our take-off resturaunt for the sad trips home after a great vacation!
5 My husband and I were awaiting our flight home to Seattle from Vegas and decided to have lunch at the village Pub near our gate. BEST FISH AND CHIPS OF OUR LIFE!!! This says a lot as I am from Seattle (where its nothing but fresh seafood) and my husband is from England (where great fish and chips are a big deal). The fish was so fresh and flaky but the batter- the beer batter was so amazing and you could taste the beer in the beer batter! I have never in my life had such good fish and chips. Came back to Vegas a couple months later and ate at Village Pub again hoping the fish and chips would be just as good, and they were! So consistent in quality and flavor. Service is good, you seat yourself and the waitstaff are friendly. Never expected this from airport food!
