5 I've been using Island Life Pools now for a while and Rod the owner is very thorough and knowledgeable.  His prices are fair and always shows up on the day he says he will and does automatic billing and charges my credit card monthly to make it easy for me.  This is my first pool so I don't know much about maintaining it but he makes is easy for us.
5 Some people want more cowbell in their lives. They're stupid. What they really want but don't know they want is more Island Life Pools and Spas. Let me tell you a little bit about my experience with them.  Disclaimer: This was my experience. Yours may be different.    Alternative Disclaimer: I'm moving this week and, while I will no longer have my own pool, I'm considering hiring him anyway just to come stand around shirtless on my new balcony as a draw to bring the fly hunnies up to my place.   Second Alternative Disclaimer: Jealous husbands, I've never seen him be anything but uberly professional so don't sweat my jokes.   Ok, so, biweekly or monthly depending on my memory, Rod has saved my pool from being a swamp-thang by dealing with the many things regarding this pool about which I'm too incapable of learning and altogether too happy to pay him to deal with...   So he comes, and, this last week, knowing it was the week of the relationship that has gone on so long but not long enough in either my own or the pool's estimation, I heard through the open porch window that the pool was weeping hearty sobs and that there was a flower blooming out of the top step.   And I said, Pool, Dearest Pool, why oh why do you weep and from where and how did this little guy sprout, considering you're chlorinated and all... and the pool paused, and said it didn't know for sure but it did remember that one salty tear had fallen from Rod's eye that last day he loved the pool in the exact spot the little guy arose but that what was most sorrowful was that the pool saw its own pristine beauty reflected back in Rod's eyes and knew that era had come to an end.   So I did the only moral thing. I left Rod's card taped to the fridge and put a note telling the new owner that no one could ever love this pool they way he did. The way he probably always well if I know him at all.   So yes, the rates are rock solid and in line with the service you get. He'll come to you. You never need to haul your pool into him. He goes almost everywhere throughout the valley. He's reliable. He's knowledgable. He's a small business owner doing his thing and that's who we should be supporting, Yelp. In my opinion at least.   If you need pool help, this is your guy.
5 "Livin the Dream" with Island Life Pools is an understatement!!!! The first time I called, "Rod" the owner answered and he was very helpful and understanding with the sense of urgency that I had. In a matter of a day they came and diagnosed the problem with my equipment and then the price came....... It only got better , by far the best quote I had rec'd and Rod explained everything in detail. Ever since, I have not had to worry about the upkeep of my pool and hot tub thanks to the on time service and accountability of this company!!! I could keep going, but my couch and Crown Royal are calling.... DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND SAVE YOUR BACK SOME ACHES!!! Give these guys a call and you won't be dissapointed!!!!  Big Thanks to Rod and Island Life Pools :-)
5 I've been using Rodney for about 6 months and never had a problem since I started with him He keeps my pool working like it should.  I would definitely refer him to anyone! My pool is clean my chemicals are right and when I have a problem with equipment he fixes it at a reasonable price!
5 They do a great job. Always show up when they're suppose to.  My pool water looks clean & clear.  Very fair prices.  Very friendly & professional.  I always recommend their services to all pool owners in our neighborhood.
5 Rod = A++ service and standards.  Very friendly, honest, hard working, and diligent.  My pool motor went out while my husband was away and he quickly ordered the part and had it fixed in no time.
5 Fantastic! Great! Amazing! We found Rod using Yelp, and boy am I glad we did! We are new home owners and didn't have any idea where to start with our pool. Rod makes our pool and hot tub what they should be-- clean, balanced and relaxing!   He's speedy, quite, and tolerates our yappy mutt. I highly recommend him and his company for all your pool service needs.
5 Great service! I recently bought my first home over the summer. I let the pool sit for 3 weeks, thinking, no big deal. I returned home after a vacation to find a swamp in my backyard. It was a murky green pond with thousands of tadpoles. I panicked and that's when I found Rod on Yelp. Rod was able to restore the pool back to sparkling clear blue in a matter of a few weeks (tadpole-free)! I was worried I was going to have to drain my pool (a more expensive and onerous option).  I am thanking Yelp because I found this business and now I love my pool. Rod is very professional, efficient and very knowledgeable. Prices are very fair. I don't know much about basic pool care, as this is my first pool, but I'm very pleased I found someone I can rely on to keep it clean and sparkling!
5 Island Life Pools is an awesome company.  I totally recommend.  They are affordable, and the guy that I talked to, Rod, was really nice.  He knew what he was talking about and had somebody come out that same day for me.  So cool!
5 Very impressed with the practical advice that Island Life uses and advises by. First choice in maintenance and service recommendations.
5 I'll start off by saying I've never actually hired them to do service.  I had an issue with my pool not recirculating the water appropriately and gave him a call on a Sunday (today).  He could make it in a couple days but asked I send him pictures of my equipment to see if he could help via phone.  Within an hour we had the thing up and running at no cost.  Very prompt service.  Just for the phone help on a Sunday alone I'll be using their service in the future with any upgrades or repairs needed.  Absolutely recommend.
5 On, time, good service, and affordable. Calls back promptly, and technically very proficient.
5 Amazing service.  Came out same day I called and fixed the problem in less than 24 hours.  What a lifesaver Rod is!!!  Cudos!
5 We would recommend Rod for any pool service you may need. Rod was professional, courteous, helpful and, above all, honest with all the work he did on our pool. We were having problems with the vacuum pressure and Rod quickly responded to our call on Sunday!  He let us know that he would be available on Monday to look at the problem.  He called Monday morning to let us know he would be coming and showed up right on time.  He spent about 1 hour helping us work out the problem with the vacuum pressure and did not charge us anything for his time.
