2 Yeah....the 1st thing we noticed was the smell. It wasnt so much dirty diaper as it was musty, and moldy, and dirty.  Just because of that, I dont think I would ever buy clothes here.  They did however have some cool games, and glasses. Great place to pick up a VHS Disney movie that may have been misplaced as you got older.
2 Decent stuff and good sales. Seems like maybe you need to be friends with the young men who work here to get the best stuff. They offer a 50 % discount to seniors but only 30% to vets. That's pretty poor in my book. (especially for a supposed vet-related charity).
1 From my wife:  "Sold a chair that I purchased before I could come back and pick it up.  No apologies from anyone."
5 Ive been to a few different thrift stores with the girlfriend, and this one smells like the rest of them. We have found and bought a few different items at the epic store. It's the girlfriends favorite.  the  staff  is  friendly. helped  us  load  and  all.
4 WHAT?! No idea why everyone is complaining about the smell, it smells like any other thrift store! This is my favorite thrift store in Mesa, they always have high end kids clothes (gap, hurley, etc) in EXCELLENT condition for super cheap. Every day there is a special, Tuesday is 50% off EVERYTHING!
2 Kind of like a Goodwill store but not. We came in and felt depressed being here. They have sales each day, such as one on Monday for specific items then something different on Tuesday. I didn't notice a smell that others have mentioned.   I wound up going to the restroom. The men's stall's door lock is broken so after a few minutes of trying to get it catch and stay shut I gave up and sat down to do business. It was then that a noticed the rest of the restroom reminded me of the first Saw movie...without the excrement all over, without anybody in there, without the bright lights, etc. Just had that feeling. The impending doom of someone walking in when the lock to the stall was broken had me on high alert so I got out of there as soon as I could, but first had to wash my hands...only to find a lack of paper towels.   I came back out and my fiance, who is into finding clothes at Goodwill Saturday sales, wanted to get out of there fast. This place was just sad. If you've ever seen Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion it definitely reminded me of when one of the girls went to try and find a job at that thrift store (the one where a lady walked by looking at shoes, and where a baby was crying).
