5 In an hour on one peaceful morning, Jen Lucas gave a priceless gift to our family. For years, we looked for the kind of professional photographer who could really focus her lens on the inside of our daughter's spirit, capturing more than just a smile or eyes on the camera portrait. Our child was immediately drawn to Jen, who is is patient, versatile and not only willing but wanting to collaborate with her young subject. By the time the session was over, my child wanted to be a photographer! Waiting to see those proofs felt like the days before Christmas. Jen produced them with great timeliness and they left us absolutely speechless. Not only is Jen a personable professional in a session setting, she is a serious artist. Our family collects photographic art and Jen's work ranks right up there with the greats. We're eager to book another session with her.
5 What a great experience!  Jen came to our house to capture newborn pictures of our baby girl.  Talk about easy going...this experience was MUCH different than traditional photo shoots.  My husband and I felt so comfortable and loved the fact that Jen encouraged us to be ourselves and "go about our regular day."  She was able to capture beautiful, natural pictures of us with our little one.  Nothing felt staged or planned.  Jen came totally prepared...swaddles, heater, sound machine, blankets, etc. which was awesome because come on...what parent of a newborn has time to prepare for anything other than their little one.  She was prompt with her communication and super flexible with scheduling.  It was so obvious that she takes her profession very seriously and she knows what she is doing....from soothing a crying baby to capturing the best light in our small apartment.  We highly recommend Jen Lucas Photography!
5 We had a phenomenal experience with Jen as our family's photographer. She approached our session with such apparent ease and unobtrusiveness that we all felt instantly comfortable, calm, and natural. It ended up being a really pleasant experience (not often the case with a photography session), and then the WOW happened--we received the results of our session. Our photographs from Jen captured the essence of our family in ways I would never have imagined. Jen's love of her work, her talent, her approachability, and her experience working with children (and people of all ages!) shows. Something that positively differed with Jen when we were considering the range of photographers in the area is Jen's ability to capture the precious, fleeting, everyday, real moments and details of life that we are experiencing here and now--these are the captured moments that are truly us and are earned and delightful; these are the captured moments that will bring us back to the sights, sounds, and feelings of now because they are so intricately tied to the real-life we are living. I am so glad we invested in capturing these moments with Jen. We highly recommend her.
