1 Rude untrustworthy place. Called on a Sunday inquire in diagnostics was told free tow and diagnostic was $85. Understood and advised us they wouldn't want ti charge us fir nothing as money toward repairs is most important.Called Monday no update, they called Tuesday to say oh well there needs to be labor diagnostic now so will be an additional $350 and we need to sign. Came down distraught asking for explanation , Mark raised his voice at me started talking down to me as if I'm stupid , we said never mind may just junk car.  Mark then made us wait being condescending giving us an invoice for $195!! $195 for nothing!!!!!!!!  Unbelievable nightmare!
1 Worst mechanics yet and I met some bad ones before. Came twice (for me being lazy) for a smoke test which was 3 hours wait and an oil change for 2 and half hours wait. Not to mention they charged me a 50 dollar fix for 429 dollars estimate. Not to mention they are snobs. I personally was being nice to them. I don't know why they personally approached me like that. Go to Busy Buggy instead. They won't disappoint you.
1 My parents gave me as a gift their 2001 Toyota Forerunner. This truck is very sentimental to our family. We thought we needed the transmission repaired since another mechanic told us this. We found Discount Auto Repair and I called for an estimate. I spoke with mark and received an estimate. Mark was very fair and nice. He said the max I would pay is $1900 to replace an entire new transmission but he said it may not be the entire transmission and may be cheaper. Well mark called me and said it was not the transmission but the engine. He promised me I would not have to pay much more since I told him I had a budget of 1900. He called around and found a used engine with 60000 miles and we agreed on a price of 2600 total max. I even received that price quote In Writing. I payed $500 deposit.  I called the next day to check on my truck and Mark was fired for giving me such a good price. I spoke with Adam who is the owner who was rude and seemed dishonest and money hungry. He said it would cost me $4500. I was so upset that my dad went to talk to him, we began communicating with another mechanic named Rick who agreed to repair my truck for the agreed upon quote which I have in writing for $2600. I paid another $500 deposit off my truck to be fixed. The next day I called to check on the truck. Rick, who agreed on the $2600 price quote,got fired for agreeing to honor my written quote. Now I'm back in communication with Adam who is very rude. He hung up in my face when I called to inquire about the progress of the truck. He rushed me off the phone whenever I got a hold of him. He tried to increase the price to 2800$. I've already paid $1000 as a down payment and he still had not started working on my truck. Finally almost 3 weeks later, I called and told Adam I was going to be by to pick up my truck and pay for the repairs. He told me he had not started on the repairs yet but it would be ready in two days. Two days later, I called to arrange to pick up the vehicle, and Adam said it still has not been started on. I live in California but my parents live in Las Vegas, Nevada. I called my dad to go to the shop to inquire about my repairs. Adam tried to further increase the total agreed upon price, he also removed vital parts from the truck and stole them.  He kept my $1000 deposit and kicked my dad off of his property and refused to return our deposit. He lied to us and misled us constantly.
