5 Just had the best cake in my 50 years of life for my 50 Birthday! Rainbow on the inside, sprinkles on the outside! Banana flavored on bottom chocolate on the top!  The merangue icing melted in your mouth!
5 Great cakes! Great prices. She did a x-box cake for my nephews birthday. It was lemon with key lime filling. Absolutely amazing! Plus it looked like a x-box 360.
5 Okay, I found a bakery on yelp that could do my daughter's seventh birthday cake and full time working mom of two here never seemed to manage to find time to get to the bakery to have a conversation about the cake. Once I did, I found out the business was closed and I was back to square one. I want back onto yelp and found Cakes by Cait. Seeing as how I could never manage to get to the other bakery in a reasonable amount of time I realized that Cait might be my perfect solution but I had to admit that I was a little leery going just off of yelp reviews. I emailed Cait and she got back to me quickly. I explained that I wanted a cake that had a spa theme since our daugther was having a spa slumber party. Cait was open to my own ideas but since I was lacking in those she drew up four ideas for me and they were all great. I chose one and then was given a huge choice of icing, cake and filling colors and flavors (fun!) and the best part (as far as my daughter was concerned) is that she does a mean ombre. The inside of the cake was like a rainbow of blues ranging from dark to light. We decided on a final product and the day of the party Cait arrived at our home to drop it off (who doesn't love free cake delivery?) and the cake was gorgeous. She has a website with cake pictures but also check out her facebook page for even more. The cakes are very affordable and delicious and we will definitely order from Cait again in the future.
5 For my birthday, my daughter ordered a cake for me from Cakes By Cait.  The cake was a Victoria's Secret theme like nothing I have ever seen!  It was so gorgeous, that it was painful to cut in to it, but, when we did, the cake was absolutely delicious!  I did save the very top tiny VS gift bag made of fondant, in my freezer.  The detail is amazing!  The cakes that they do are so exceptional, perfect for those occasions that you want to exceed peoples' expectations!
5 I had to throw a birthday party for two little ladies - one 6 and one 8 years old.  We needed two very different cakes - one a Barbie cake and one a horse cake.  All I can say is wow!!! Caitlin was awesome - totally professional, giving us lots of options and even a tight delivery time.  She was terrific - the cakes were the hit of the party!  They were both beautiful and great tasting - the hardest thing to find in specialty cakes.  I would recommend her to anyone who needs a cake to liven up and occasion!  Thanks Caitlin!!!
5 I was a little apprehensive about this whole process because I needed 3 cakes for a special birthday weekend and I didn't know exactly what I wanted them to look like.  I also don't live in Vegas and I couldn't really shop around except online. The high cost that is usually associated with custom cakes was also a concern.    However, Cait was AMAZING to work with.    Not only did she create 3 excellent cakes; she worked with me on the design, she helped me come up with ideas and she kept the costs down!  The cakes, I must add, were all delicious.  Cait finished and delivered on time, came in under budget and was thoroughly professional throughout.  I would highly recommend her and intend to use her again should I need cakes in Las Vegas :-)
5 Cait Thompson was such a pleasure to work with. She made the cake exactly how I wanted. My friend told me she'd never had a more beautiful birthday cake in her life. The cake was carrot with cream cheese frosting, silver sparkle (edible) on the outside and a beautiful green bow around the base with a big 30 on top (for my friend's 30th). It was SO delicious!! If you're in need of a cake for your trip to Vegas I highly suggest "Take The Cake"!
5 Amazing ! Not only did Cait make an amazing cake on a few hours notice she also delivered it to my hotel. I am so glad I called here. I asked on the off chance if she could make a gluten free cake and she ran to the store to get the ingredients and did it at no extra charge!!! It was so good I didn't even tell anyone else it was gluten free. I've never had service this good - with a product that was just as good !
5 WOW!!!  Thank you for the Best Birthday Cake ever!!!  No need to choose any other Bakery in Vegas!
5 We got a cake from Take The Cake for my wife's birthday, and it was excellent! It was beautiful, and my wife loved it. Cait was amazing through the entire process, and helped come up with a beautiful design that was smooth and chocolatey and exactly what my wife would have ordered herself.  Enough about how pretty the cake was, the REAL important thing is "how does it taste?"  PERFECT. I can't rant enough about how good it was. We had a black-and-white cake (chocolate cake, white icing).  The slices we cut were pretty big, since it was a 3-layered cake, but all of the guests finished their slice and sat around looking guilty.  And, of course, they were trying to steal slices to take home!  My wife and I have been to a ton of weddings recently (including our own) and slowly learned that usually, fondant is just that pretty decorative icing that you don't eat.  Let me tell you, that is NOT the case here--you WILL eat every single scrumptious crumb off of your plate.  Get your cake here and you won't be disappointed!
5 We loved our wedding cake which Cait took the time in making and delivering. She did such an amazing job. It tasted heavenly and looked so perfect that we didn't want to cut into it. Cait I truly feel blessed because even though we met 2 weeks before the wedding you calmed us down and assured us that our wedding cake would be perfect and it was. Thank you for everything and cannot wait to eat our one year frozen wedding cake next year.
5 I bought my husband a birthday cake from Cait. We communicated entirely through email. She had every detail correct. The cake looked awesome and tasted even better. It was so moist and delicious! Thanks so much!!
5 I wanted to order a cake for boyfriend's 30th birthday in Vegas and being from Los Angeles, I didn't know where to start. Thanks to yelp I found Cait. She was so easy to work with. We communicated via e-mail and I opted to pay for the cake through paypal. She dropped off the cake at the restaurant for a fee, which was completely worth it. The cake was beautiful and it was delicious. I couldn't have been happier and my boyfriend was so surprised.
5 Caitlin had made my custom Birthday cake back in February.  It was BEAUTIFUL.... I showed her a picture of what I had wanted ... And she superseded my every wish for an amazing cake!  I had confetti cake and butter creme frosting the the fondant on top.  With whipped topping in the center.  It was a 3-tier cake and EVERYONE LOVED IT!!!! Will be using her AGAIN!!!!
5 THANK YOU CAIT! Made my 21st birthday cakes just the way I wanted them...I know I'm 2 months late on a review but but better now then never' thank you so much you did an amazing job on both the cakes. Next birthday in Vegas I'll be calling you again. Best cake maker EVER!
5 Got an adventure time cake made for a graduation party and Cait was awesome! Fully custom, whatever you want she can do. Also the cake tasted super yummy, tasted better than the store! I was very impressed and can't wait for the next special event so I can get my cake on again! Highly recommended!
5 Cait was such a pleasure to work with! I first emailed an inquiry, late at night, through their website. She responded bright and early the very next morning. We worked closely through email to design my fiancé's 30th birthday cake. She even personally delivered it to Blondie's at Paris! For a designed six inch cake (serves 8) with delivery, my bill came to around $75. Not mad  Now, the cake itself? HOLY AMAZING!!! The design was even more than I imagined. Everyone was super impressed. And how did it taste? Soooooo delicious. God, I wish I had some right now. I've had many cakes decorated in that fondant stuff and they are usually dry on the inside. We're always so impressed with the design, then we eat it and it's crap. Not this cake. I got a chocolate cake with whipped cream filling. OMG. So moist and rich. I was so happy with how it all turned out.   I highly recommend contacting Cait if you need a specialty cake made! She's amazing.
5 I found this bakery through yelp and the wonderful reviews made me have no questions about who to use for my in-laws 50th anniversary cake. The cake was absolutely beautiful, delicious and was delivered to the restaurant on time. Even after I changed the venue one day before. Everyone was impressed with the beauty of the cake and I was even more impressed with the price. Everything was done through email  and I always received quick responses. I did not have to pick up the phone once. I recommend this bakery to anyone.
