5 My appliance guy provides  reliable, fast and friendly service. My washer was stopping midway thru my rinse cycle and Mario was able to come to my house to look at it right away. Having children, I was worried my laundry was going to pile up or that I was going to buy a new washer but thanks to my appliance guy I didn't have to wait long before my washer was working like new. If you want an experienced appliance repairman I recommend my appliance guy 100%. Thanks my appliance guy!
5 When I can't find anything wrong, I give a five.  And Mario does everything right...from quick, on-time service to explaining exactly what he proposes to do!  It's sure nice to find a small, independant repairman who truly believes in customer service!  Reasonable rates, too.
5 Our Whirlpool washer started leaking water so I called My Appliance Guy and Mario the owner promised to be out the next morning and called to let us know he was coming and he was on time!  He quickly found the problem and showed me the issue and explained everything very clearly.  He gave me a reasonable quote and promised to be back later in the day with a part.    Mario returned after calling again to let me know he was on the way and replaced the bad pump. He showed me the old pump and explained why he thought it failed. Also, his actual price was about $25 lower than his quote. A nice surprise.  Mario was very kind, prompt and professional.  I will happily use his service again or pass his number onto friends.
5 Mario was, by far, the best repair guy I've dealt with in a long time. First, he was one of about five companies I called on. Sunday night. He was the only one who actually answered the phone. He gave me a 2 hour window that he could be there the next day, Monday. I thought, ya right, but he actually showed up on time, and called to let my wife know he was on the way.   After running a full diagnosis on our washing machine, he ended up finding a little baby sock stuck somewhere. He said it might be the board or the sock, but suggested he didn't believe in swapping parts if it wasn't needed. Very refreshing.   The laundry room was actually cleaner than when he showed up. Another first for us with a repair man.   The best thing I can say about the experience is my wife felt comfortable with Mario in the house. She felt he was very professional and knew what he was talking about. The next time something goes wrong in our house, I won't wast time calling the other guys.  I've got My Appliance Guy on speed dial.
1 Well, I would not call this service......after waiting for a complete day to have my refrigerator serviced, Mario came by to take a look.  He moved my refrigerator to the side and claimed that the area around the coils needed to be cleaned (albeit that they had been cleaned in May 2012).  He did request an additional $40 for his service.  The refrigerator is not working, what am I to say......  Finally he cleaned the coils and then made another recommendation that the water line be replaced by him for $20.00.  He was unable to find the water line, so much for the additional expenditure.  He said that he believed that it should operate efficiently, but the compressor may need to be replaced and to wait a day.  After one day, two trips later to buy dry ice and $$$ worth of spoiled food, he claimed to the service company - Platinum Home Warranty that my refrigerator was neglected.  Hello, it was cleaned and serviced last May, not exactly neglect.  Considering that I am recovering from surgery and must have the refrigerator in working order, I was not too excited to find out that I cannot leave the house, but now must find a new refrigerator.  He would not even answer my call to find out the status of his presumed second visit.  He not only solicited me for additional services outside of the $60.00 service call, he even solicited for his friend Marco the plumber.  Next time I hope to have a repairman who can get it right the first time!
5 Called Mario over the holidays - he said he was booked solid and was leaving for the week but see what he could do to get us in.  He squeezed us in was very personable and fixed our washer.  Hard to find honest reliable people these days - would recommend
5 We loved how quick Mario was able to come out to take a look at our fridge! He was very helpful and got our fridge working right away. You can't beat the prices either! We'll be using them for all of our appliance repairs.
5 Mario's a good man who knows his stuff. We were very pleased with the service he provided and would highly recommend him to anyone who has appliance repair needs. Also, and I share this because it's something I'd like to know, yes- there is an initial $59 charge to come out and assess the situation, but if further service is required it's just included in the total cost, it's not an additional charge. So our repair cost $100 and he charged just $100, not $159. It's worth it, too! Great service and knowledge from a real guy. You don't find this often. Don't read anymore reviews. Call him now!
