4 My wife and I go there now and then. The food is always good and plentiful. The service is great, very friendly people. We highly recommend Tasty China.
1 I am not a picky person but food really taste bad, the meats are not fresh, too much soy sauce and oil in everything. The only good thing is the portion. But what can you do with big portions if the dishes taste bad?
4 Great local Chinese delivery place. Very friendly staff, nice packaging on the food, and reasonably priced. The food itself was well prepared and flavorful, although it's still just your standard Chinese stuff. Will be eating there again though.
4 The sesame chicken is great. It's a locally owned place and the portions and prices are perfect. I will definitely be back.
4 Love there food!! A lot better than Grand China that use to be in that location. Great Mongolian Beef and Cashew Chicken :) Their house friend rice is really good too!!
5 I had given up trying to find a good China's restaurant in this town.  I even tried China town and highly recommended restaurant, until the day I stopped in with my two son's for a quick lunch.  We were surprised by the amount of food that is served on the lunch menu how wonderful the flavor was.  We had a very sweet waitress named Melissa who was so friendly and kind.  We have been going to Tasty China now for over 5  months and love every dish we order.  I like shrimp dishes.  The shrimp are large and very fresh, they snap when you bit into them and have a wonderful sweet flavor.  Tasty China is our whole family's favorite restaurant.  The service is always so kind and  are always happy to see us.  We love this restaurant.
5 The best hot and sour soup anywhere. Reasonably priced as well.  Wait staff are very pleasant as well.
5 This is the best Chinese restaurant I have found on Craig Rd. I am very specific about what Chinese food I eat, and they are the only place so far that makes shrimp with lobster sauce the way I like (or at all). My kids rave about the fried rice, no matter what meat is in it, and my husband cannot get enough of the beef and broccoli. The service is always excellent, and everyone that works at the restaurant has a great personality. This is probably the only Chinese restaurant we will go to while we live here.
1 POOR SERVICE, POOR QUANTITY.  I ordered from this place for a second time as it is the only chinese delivery in my area.  The first time they messed my order up, they did not follow my delivery instructions, woke up my roomates by ringing the doorbell when I specifically told them to call me when the driver pulled up.  This review is written after the second delivery.  I ordered the Kung pao Triple, for 11.95 and it contained barely any meat/shrimp.  I may as well have ordered vegetables in kung pao sauce.  AGAIN they did not follow my deliver instructions by calling when they pulled up and AGAIN woke up my roomates by ringing the doorbell.  Avoid this place if you can, i just finished my $21 worth of food ( kung pao triple and 2 chicken rolls) and I am still hungry.  The quality of the food is not bad but the quantity is horrible and their customer service is non-existent.
3 I was really hungry after a long work day and decided to order take out. I ordered Barbecue Pork, Cheese Rangoon, Pork fried rice, and Mongolian Beef. The staff said the order would take about ten minutes. The bill came to about thirty dollars.  The staff were kind and friendly. The order took about twenty minutes. When I got home, the food was at perfect dining temperature. The Barbecue Pork was tender, but a little fatty and overly sweet. The Cheese Rangoon were tasty, light, and flavorful. The pork fried rice was a tad greasy and a little bland. I make far better at home.. The Mongolian Beef was ideal, a great mix of spicy, sweet, and crunchy.  The portions were enough to feed four, so, not bad for the price overall. I would go back to try other menu items. Definitely not the place to going you are keeping to a diet.
5 For being in North town - this is pretty good Chinese! I have tried others around the area and this is pretty authentic.  We got the lunch special and it is reasonable priced. Great flavor and fast! Thai tea was awesome too!
5 This is my favorite place in North Las Vegas to get takeout Chinese! Their sesame chicken is really great, and they serve a large portion. My experience with their delivery drivers are that they're super polite and on time. I would definitely recommend Tasty China for both takeout and delivery!
5 I eat at Tasty China at least twice a week. Really great quality chinese food that's flavorful and satisfying. One of the issues with most "american chinese" restaurants is great quality food with reasonable prices and this place has both.  They are always so nice and the service is always great. I would recommend Tasty China if you are looking for traditional "american chinese" comfort foods!
4 Ate here for lunch recently.  Got the General Tso's lunch special. Ordered it spicy but it wasn't spicy at all(even though there were peppers added to the dish).  Corn flower soup was just ok. Service & prices are good. Will dine here again. More dishes to try !!
1 I called in to order for pick-up and the owner took my order. I ordered 2 meal of lunch special for pick-up and he told me there will be $1 more charge for soup containers. Never mentioned on their menu and I had never asked to charge more for to-go soup containers from any other Chinese restaurants. However, Tasty China has their own website for online orders and online orders CAN NOT CHARGE EXTRA for to go soup containers. Do not call in for orders, they will charge you for to go soup containers. I came home and opened the bag and there was no egg roll for both meals. I called them back and they told me to come back to their restaurant to get my 2 egg rolls. It was already too far and I didn't want to waste my gas. General tso chicken was ok but Chicken with garlic sauce came with 3 little pieces of meat and bunch of veggies. Chicken with garlic sauce needs to change its name to"Veggies with garlic sauce (3 little chicken pieces included)." One of the cheap and stingy Chinese restaurants!! Don't waste your time here.
