4 The was our first time here and we LOVED their selections. The shaved ice took me right back to the first shaved ice i ever had on North Shore of Oahu! Their product is authentic and delicious and the prices are reasonable! Fridays are $1.00 off happy hour!
5 Being born and raised in Hawaii, the shave ice here is pretty awesome!!  They even have Azuki beans and Li hing mui powder. The prices are cheap and the portions are huge!
5 This place is amazing. The only problem is my tongue freezes and it is difficult to speak after eating a Long Board. Must get Shark Bite for kids and I love the sweetened condensed milk on mine. Love, love, love this place.
5 This is my favorite place for shaved ice! I use to go to the stand they have on the side of the road but this place offers something the stand cannot... Air conditioning. The shaved ice with ice cream is also really good, I will definitely be coming back here.
3 I was pretty excited about trying out this place since they had 5 stars and the pictures posted on yelp were so aesthetically pleasing.  But I was deceived!  There was nothing special about it.  First, the guy who helped us had no personality at all.  He was bit rude if you're asking me. He seemed like he didn't even want to help us.  I had to greet the kid instead of him greeting me.  He barely said three words to us and I'm pretty sure the three words he did say was the total of our purchase.  I had the spearmint and coconut shaved ice, but could barely taste the spearmint flavoring.  I'm not even sure if it was spearmint at all.  I gave them 3 stars only because of their semi-cute presentation of the shaved ice, yelp 20% off when checked-in, and the girl who actually made my order was nice.
4 Super fun! Brought my baby girl here & while checking in took advantage of their yelp deal. $10 worth for $5. Great buy! I was a little overwhelmed by the amount of choices but I was able to buckle down & pick a selection. The staff was super friendly & the atmosphere was fun. I will definitely bring my little love here again for a sugar induced comma
5 This place is a big hit with the kids!  Even the small is big, and the ice is so light and...soft.  We go here every time we see a movie!
3 Good shaved ice but rude staff :/ makes me not want to go back. I've been there five different times and they have been rude every time. Took family from out of town and even they noticed and felt uncomfortable with how rude the staff was. I was embarrassed. Oh well, back to Bahama Bucks :)
4 I wanted to give them 5 stars but the staff was not a five star staff. All 4 stars go to the shaved ice! I had sugar free pineapple and tigers blood and both flavors were so good! My husband and daughter got the traditional pog and said it was great. I recommend this place just because the shaved ice is that good! I mentioned the staff and the problem was that they are teens with no idea about customer service. A smile and a little help with the menu would go a long way!
4 Yum! Almost as good as actually being in Maui, but with the convenience of home!  Definitely better than Bahamas Bucks, with a finer shaved ice and much tastier syrups! I love that they have macadamia but ice cream too!   We'll be back!
5 This place has seriously yummy shaved ice! I am currently 7 months pregnant and have been coming here all winter to satisfy my shaved ice craving that comes about every 3 days LOL! At first, it was just a substitute for my old favorite , the BB word (we wont mention them) but! There are now a few reasons I like this place more: the most important reason being that they are open on Sundays! I get it, family time, but I WANT MY SHAVED ICE ON SUNDAYS! Also, they put a lot more syrup on their shaved ice which is soooo yummy. I also agree that their iced is finer. All in all, it's my new fav :)
3 I feel like I had to update this because while the shaved ice is still really good the people that work there are still really bad. Besides that they got rid of a few sugar free options making the selection for those of us that can't have sugar limited.
