4 Really modern, lots of leather.  It's cheaper than you can find elsewhere, and some of the designs of the couches are more modern than you can find elsewhere.  If nothing else, if you've been looking on Craigslist for a cheaper second version of a Copenhagen or Z Gallerie sofa, and you think you've found it - you should look here first.  I was looking for a dining set - kind of modern, dark wood, simple lines, maybe some glass or cracked glass - and I kept seeing folks saying, "like Copenhagen".  Now that I've visited Contemporary Furniture Liquidator I know that "like Copenhagen" means they bought it here.  BTW, if you're looking for cheaper Copenhagen-esque furniture you should go here anyway, because it's like half a block away from the Copenhagen Clearance Outlet.  So go to both.  There is way more selection here.  Disclosure: I bought nothing here.  The dining tables were ok for me, but I'm not quite *that* modern.  And I'm not crazy about leather furniture.  I did buy something from the Copenhagen Clearance Outlet tho.  Just have to see if they have what you want.
4 Read carefully. As I say in many of my reviews, YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.  I found this place after I was looking for some really ultra modern leather furniture and tables. Online, (ebay, etc) I was finding what I wanted for 2200-4000. I got it here for 1100. I am talking THREE chairs. I also got some neat tables for $125 each. They do negotiate, so pick out everything you want and then make them an offer. I got about $200 off everything that way. They don't deliver but for less than $100 they have "guys" who do. Which seemed risky as this is a bit of a warehouse place...but I jumped in and everything came as described and on time, placed nicely in my home. It looks really neat. But comfort-wise, my Natuzzi lather sofa is way beyond. These are fine for secondary use. A little too hard if you try to nap but okay for sitting, They had nice dining sets for several hundred bucks. They look as nice as Copenhagen but 1/10 the price. As I said, though, you kinda get what you pay for but sometimes we just can't afford Copenhagen...
3 So.  Hot.  There is no AC in this building.  So.  Hot.   I do believe I saw some furniture I liked and you really can't beat their prices.  The staff was helpful without being pushy.  So. Hot...
3 This furniture store is located in a warehouse and is open to the public. They have many contemporary and traditional pieces.   I recommend if going to shop there to not go on a day that is 100+ outside as this place has no air conditioning.  They do keep it a little cool with some industrial size fans.  I was pleasantly surprised at the variety of pieces available.  Since this is a liquidator the prices were exceptional compared to other furniture stores. The staff was very helpful in answering questions and did not hover (which is always nice).
4 This is a warehouse so don't be put off by it's location and appearance. There is a lot of furniture here, much leather and fairly modern. The staff was friendly and helpful without being pushy. We were there on a 106 degree day, and though there was no AC in the place the industrial fans did a good job in keeping the interior bearable! We bought accessory items that were attractive and priced well.
1 One of the worst customer service I have experienced along with crappy cheap furniture. Bought entire living room, three bed rooms and bar stools. Had problem with the stools, took it back and the store blamed me for the problem. CUSTOMERS BE ALERTED THESE PEOPLE DON'T WANT REPEAT CYSTOMERS.
4 I came for the first time and was amazed at the selection and prices. The sales staff is not pushy but they are helpful. Paul gave me amazing deals and even the loading staff were friendly and took the tine to open each piece of furniture for me to inspect. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
1 The response by the store is abolutely false as they have stated that they couldn't find the receipt of my purchase of the living room and three bed room furnituure. I have the receipt if they would like to see it and I am also not a competitor of theirs as implied in the response. I stick to my original review that the customer service is horrendous and I will never buy anything from them ever as they simply sell cheap with no customer service.
4 Situated a few doors down from the Copenhagen Clearance Outlet, Contemporary Furniture Liquidator has various styles of furniture, in varying price ranges for any budget. In addition to fabric sofas, they have an extensive collection of leather, in different colors. They also have furniture such as dining tables, beds, chairs, coffee tables, and rugs.  We bought a pub dining table here. We got a good deal on it, and check out was easy. The delivery charge for us was $50, but since we requested a busy Saturday for the delivery date, they said that it could only be delivered after 7 P.M.  When it came to the delivery date, the delivery guys called us a little after 7 to tell us that they were behind schedule, and that it would be around 10 P.M. before they could come by. They actually came here around 10:30, but they did call about 30 minutes before their arrival to let us know they were coming.  Set up was quick and efficient. Although the owner said that the delivery service is a separate company from the furniture store, the delivery guys were both wearing Furniture Liquidator T-shirts.   We love our table, and there were no nicks or scratches on any of the furniture during the delivery process. Overall, we're pretty happy with our purchase.
