4 Very nice facility. Some of the staff were great and others need a swift kick in the tail. The VA has far too much nepotism and needs to clean house.
3 I've had good experience with the doctors at this location but the check-in staff leaves something to be desired. It takes a long time to get an appointment and they sometimes change your appointment time with very short notice. Parking is TERRIBLE! Plan on getting here at least 30 minutes early to allow time to find a parking spot and still get checked-in on time.
2 I was referred here by the NW clinic.  I show up early as requested and get in late  both times I have been here, and by the way, both times they changed my appointment dates. I'm thinking they need to do a better job on there appointments.  Told the nurses and doctors I have never had so many appointments rescheduled between the clinic and the hospital.  All told me the we are very busy.   Maybe they should see how a civilian hospital controls the appointment system.   I was in the VA system in from another state.  The doctors here (at the hospital) pretty much discount everything the VA has done for me up to this point.  There is no need for the follow-ups as recommended by a VA doctor from another state.  Not impressed.
4 State of the art medical equipment. Advanced facility. Very easy to get to and the emergency room is easily accessible. I haven't been seen here yet but I know someone who has been seen a few times now. The staff is great, they make you feel comfortable and welcome and do everything they can to set you at ease. The waiting room is comfortable and has a large flat screen TV. There is access to vending machines with both bad and healthy snacks as well as the much needed coffee. Gave it 4 stars because the emergency room wait is long. Longer than your average emergency room wait. But this should improve with the addition of 20 rooms which they are working on as I type.
4 Very clean and friendly staff plus it isn't nearly as busy as most VA hospitals. We will see how my fiances appt goes. Hopefully they help him.
