2 This Post Office isn't the greatest. The lines are usually ridiculously long and they usually only have 1-2 workers working at any given time. I wish people would learn how to use the automated machine in the lobby to ship things....or buy stamps.   I have had a few bad experiences with this Post Office as well as far as not delivering mail, delivering mail to the wrong address, and not picking up packages when pick ups were scheduled. I run a little eBay business out of my home and chose not to ship USPS but to ship FedEx instead because of all the mistakes USPS makes.
1 The people at the FH post office are unreal - I have no idea what they are getting paid to do, but it certainly isn't to help people. They just stand around talking with one another, biding their time until the PO closes. You have 3 people at the counter with no customers and 2 customers waiting in line.  Do the math.  Why are there 2 people standing in line while the 3 people getting paid are shooting the bull with one another?  The one exception is what appears to be the sole guy of the group - he's at least friendly.  I don't think he works much though, because it is rare to see anyone but the same 3 girls who are gossipy and ignore customers until they are through chatting with one another.  If you go to this PO, be prepared to wait.  Bring a bag lunch, something to read, and maybe a pillow.  In addition, this post office has a drop box, which is awesome because you can skip the long lines and rude customer service people.  However, they lock it when the PO is closed and sometimes even when the PO is open. Seriously?  Why do you both having a package drop box if you don't actually want people to use it?  I know the stereotype concerning how much the PO enjoys wasting money, but really?  Who's brilliant ideas was it to spend money on a feature that is not actually usable to the customers except at the whim of some mysterious person with a key? Don't make people guess as to whether it is actually something they can use - keep it unlocked or get rid of it.  Bottom line -  I've always had great service in other cities (even Scottsdale!!), so I know this is a local problem.   The USPS offers an amazing service, getting mail all over the world for an affordable price.  Hard to want to pay any price though when the local representatives are so awful.  Take your business to the USPS desk in the card store by the fountain. At least they keep the lines moving and aren't obnoxious.
5 one of the best -- if you never lived in a big city where they dont answer your calls or hang up on you when you call asking about information on a package then this is the place. I have called a couple of times every know and then to confirm packages they have them and either deliver next day or will come and you can go and pick up. There are lines just like every where else i.e. bank, groc store etc.
