3 ....so conflicted on this review.  When I purchased the deal for a gel mani/pedi combo and I looked up the info on the "salon" I thought it would be an actual salon. But it was a one room studio where she performs her services.    Really nice lady who took her time to give me a great pedicure and manicure.  Her selection of colors was really limited since she is a one person operation.  Overall, I would say this was an alright experience, I don't think I would feel comfortable paying full price $92 for the gel mani and pedicure given the situation.
1 I'm a little hesitant to write such a poor review of a new business but I feel the need to let others know about the experience my friend and I encountered at this so called 'salon' , especially since I saw another deal posted online today.  A friend and I purchased a deal for the severely discounted mani/pedi service through Google Deals and should have been wary of such a good deal. I believe it is just the one lady and scheduling the appointment took several phone calls and texts and weird conversations with a so call business partner.  I finally received a call back and after some discussion about accommodating my friend and I at the same time, it was decided that she could bring in a 'friend' and get us done at the same time so one didn't have to wait.  As Shar B stated, this is not in a salon but a rather small room within a building complex with limited space.  There are two tables and a small love seat where they perform the pedicures.  There is a limited amount of colors to pick from since as she stated, she was just starting out. Fair enough. The manicure turned out okay but I think she talked more than actually worked on my nails and my cuticles were barely trimmed. One of the main reasons I go for a manicure. At one point, she started to look for a tool and realized she had left it in her purse from an event the night before and went to retrieve it. I was shocked as she then started to use the tool on me! The other alarming part of all of this is, the two women talked in depth about the cleanliness of other salons and about how dirty they were and what kind of infections you could get. I'm no sanitization expert but I'm pretty sure pulling a tool out of your purse is NOT sanitized. We moved on to the pedicure and it was just as bad. My feet were placed in a bowl of water that had been brought in from another room since there is no running water in the room. I believe some hand soap was added to the water just before I put my feet in. Fancy.  At one point she even forgot to put a second coat of polish on my big toe.  Another thing I would like to mention was the conversation. We were told at length about how little they were making on the deal and she had hoped people would tip on the real value of $92 rather than the deal price. Yikes, now she's expecting $15-20 tip. In addition, we got to listen to some other stories that made both my friend and I raise a few eyebrows.   Overall, it was a very odd, alarming, unprofessional and uncomfortable experience for close to two hours. I felt like my friend and I could have done a better job at home doing it ourselves...for free. At several times during the service I thought about just getting up and walking out. I don't like giving such a poor review of someone just starting their business but this 'business' needs some serious help. I would NEVER go back based on the service performed. Had I gotten this deal through Groupon, I would have requested a refund immediately from Groupon. Sorry.
4 I loved this little salon! Groupon said it was 'intimate' and it is.  She seems to be a hard working lady trying to get her salon off the ground. Kudos to her! I love the way my nails looked. Colors might be limited, but give her time. I've not had a problem with any peeling.  I look forward to going again.
5 I'm actually surprised by these several reviews I've been reading. I have been going to see Kelia for a little over a year now, following her to 3 different salons. I understand that her place is a little small and not quite the salon atmosphere many are looking for.  I have continued coming back to her for so long because the quality of her work never disappoints me. My shellac manicures usually lasts up to three weeks, she takes her time and really pays attention to details.  I always get so many compliments from my nails and have sent several of my friend here.  I would definitely recommend trying her service, just be particular on what you like.
5 Well ladies/gentelmen this was my experience:  I bought the groupon about a week ago and called a couple days later to schedule, I was forwarded to a voicemail that said the appointments were booking a week out! I am going on vacation this weekend so I needed something sooner. The woman contacted me through text (which I prefer because it is difficult to get to the phone during the day) after we talked on the phone once and I told her what I needed. She was very accommodating and we went back and forth several times to get me in before the weekend! I think people need to understand she has a lot of appointments due to groupon and they need to be patient with appointment scheduling. Anyways... yes it is one room a little small but super cute! I knew what color I wanted on my hands before I went in and she had it and helped me pick a fun color on my toes that I would have never done! But it turned out great! I was a little nervous because of these yelps but the woman was so sweet and funny, the conversation was light and relaxing. Perhaps the other complaints were because it is not a full salon. I preferred this atmosphere along with her knowledge. This was the most relaxing pedicure I have ever received and I have had the best after results. She educated me on maintaining etc. I have already recommended her to my girlfriends and plan on returning to her in a couple weeks for another manicure! I had a very positive experience and think everyone should be more open to these types of experiences, yes it is not an elegant salon but the pedicure is better then I have received at those places. Also it is bullying to attack someone for what they look like and makes you judgemental just as a side note.
5 I have since been back  and I LOVE this lady!!  She is a perfectionist and guarantees her work... I will definitely be seeing her again!
4 I loved my experience with K Vonn. It is a small and intimate atmosphere which I loved. She did a fantastic job with my nails and took the time to make sure I was getting what I wanted. It was AMAZING to actually be able to have a nice and meaningful conversation with someone doing my nails. I will absolutely be returning to her in the future. She is a bit more laid back than some may be used to, but that's what I like about her set up!
4 Just booked my third visit since purchasing the Groupon for Shellac Mani and Pedi. Great experience love how my nails look when I leave and they last! Wonderful woman she is so sweet and talented. Also very knowledgable about nail health! Highly recommend her I've already passed her info on to my girlfriends.
1 This was the worst manicure/pedicure I have ever experienced. I would not recommend this place nor would I ever go to her again.  The reasons for my low rating:  1.K Von said that she guarantees her work and that it will last at least 2 weeks. 4 days after my gel manicure, it started to lift & peel. This has NEVER happened when I got gel I asked her to redo it and she would only do it on the days she was free. She refused to do it a week after it happened. That doesn't seem like " I always guarantee my work" to me.   2. She was very unprofessional in my opinion. She kept on talking about how little she makes in this business, how expensive it costs. I think she says that so I will tip her more. She also cussed several times in my presence and talked too much about her personal life.  3. The "salon" is a small room in a salon and she has a limited selection of nail colors.   Overall, number 2 and 3 wouldnt really bother me that much. The main concern is that my nails only lasted 4 days.  Very disappointing
1 I also had a poor experience and would not go back or recommend this place.  The room is extremely tiny and dark.  There was a hair stylist also squeezed in there with her client so it felt especially cramped.  I was told that since I did not want the shellac, which was part of my Groupon, that she would not be able to offer the paraffin treatment which was also part of Groupon.  She gave me a "waterless" manicure (her words) probably because there is no water in the salon.  She had to get water for my pedicure in another room and slopped it over the floor. My pedicure was very basic with no massage of legs. She charged $1 more if I wanted a sanitary liner for the foot basin.  She asked if I had brought flip flops and, because I did not, she said it would be  another $1 extra for the cheap ones that are free everywhere I've been.  She mentioned at least 3 times that people don't tip enough, etc, etc.  She was a complainer. I could not WAIT to get out of there.
