4 I selected this place due to the location. When I went for the first time my friends were with me and didn't love it. However, liked it and when i returned to let my daughter play again she was excited!! I enjoy it but this is not a place my daughter (2yrs old) should run without supervision, because there are lots of different toys and kids of all ages so you need to watch your child. (Of course, not all parents do this) So, a great place, great price!! But during open play, if you have a small child you will need to watch them and keep them safe :)
5 This really is a hidden gem. I didnt even know about this place, until a local moms group informed me of it and that they had a discounted fun day coming up, where the easter bunny would make an appearance.  Thurs, I went with my neighbor to give this place a go, and I'm so glad I did. They had a special going where it was only 3.50 to get in if you checked into facebook. (Its normally $7)  There was so muc to do. We stayed three hours and my daughter cried when we had to go. Below is all the things that had.. I know must are the usual things but acouple were just speciial one time things.  - swings hanging from the ceiling. Not just two regular swings but another car one, and a choo choo swing  - a trampoline! My two yr old had never been on one and loved it. I noticed there was padding on the sides and that made me feel safe in her jumping there  - a little play house with food and groceries inside. leilah got to let her imagination run wild.  - a rock wall, which my little one was too tiny for but hey, maybe someday!  -little basket ball hoops and soft basketballs.   - huge legos. Now my legos at home look lame, haha. BUT my daughter had fun putting them together and making a house that was bigger than her.  - A ball pit. Its not as big as mickey dee's but its just as cool. Kids can jump in and feel safe. its nice and clean and theres even some hidden alphabet ducks at the bottom.  - four slides. two are attached to this place house that they can run through, that has a bridge. The other two are by themselves. Ones tiny and the second is for the dare devils. Of course my child likes the big one.  - They had tons of paper and crayons.  - The easter bunny was there, giving out hugs and high fives. you could even get your picture taken with him for free. My kid was obsessed and literally followed him everywhere and wanted to touch his fluffy tail and ears. It was adorable  - They have a zip line! WAY TOO COOL! There was a line for this but it was well worth it. Leilah screamed, laughed and didnt want to get off. They sit in the swing and fly from the end of the room to another. Thats something Ive def never seen anywhere else. It was the cherry on top if you know what i mean.  - A car the kids sit on and go down on a little track. its simple, safe and fun.   - Facepainting. At first, she was a little unsure. But once i said it was makeup she was all in and ran over. She sat real steal, and the lady doing it was very kind and patient. She got an adorable star with glitter.  Overall, I cant wait to come back to this place! I will post all the pictures so you can see the different items i described.   Mon, wed, friday its open 9am to 5pm! Tues are thurs are special classes, then normal play is 12pm, to 5pm.  I really loved that they gave me a list with special days throughout the months where they do cool things. Ex, pizza night, date nights, day camps or other special days. The prices for those are different but theyre very reasonable.
3 My daughter and I went here the other day on a play date.  We have been to a lot of indoor play places lately and The Playground is an ok place.  I don't think I would have ever seen or heard about this place if I hadn't had the address with me.   The location itself is weird being that it is in the back of an office park.  You can't see it from the street and once you are in the parking lot, it is still a little hard to find, even with the address.  I probably looked like I was stalking someone since I was driving so slow and looking around for this place.  Once we found the place, we walked in and it was a little confusing.  There really isn't a front lobby area.  The day we went there was a day camp going on.  There were tables and chairs all in the front area making it really congested.  It was hard to find a place to sit and get ready to go in and play.    We finally were ready to go in and play and went in to the play area.  It is smaller than a lot of the other play places, but it does have some fun things.  There is a trampoline, small bouncy house,  play houses, ball pit, and a big LEGO castle.  These were all of my daughter's favorite play things. It definitely seems to be aimed at older toddlers and young kids, rather than pre-walkers.  There are some areas for the little ones though, but it is right in the middle of the play floor.  You really have to stay right with your kiddo because the other kids just run wild through the area.  The 2 complaints would be about the placement of the work desk. It was completely open and had all sorts of paperwork and normal desk stuff laying around.  There were also a ton of drawers and cabinets without locks containing who knows what.  My daughter would break into a run every chance she got to try and play with the computer and desk stuff.  She could have easily gotten on the desk and tore it apart.    My second issue was the zip line swing.  It seems really, really dangerous.  It seems to be jerry-rigged in how it is constructed.  The swing is just a normal park swing and it is attached to the zip line with chains that seem very disorganized in how they are attached.  I know I wouldn't be comfortable sitting on it, much less having my kid ride it.  Also, the bigger kids would just jump on it and go without paying attention to the other kids.  The line went all the way across the room and passed a couple of different play areas.  I know I was almost hit a couple of times trying to keep my daughter safe.  It is definitely an accident waiting to happen.  So I am not sure if I would go back or not since this really isn't too close to my home, but it is ok.
