3 Way overpriced for a haircut joint. I had a coupon for $10 which is about all a haircut is worth here. The extra $7 gets your head shampooed and a hot towel on your face. Since this place touts that they have female stylist's, I might as well comment that Jessica looked good in her tights (but she has a BF) and did maintain a conversation for most of the trim. I don't think either girl cutting hair was over 22 years old and that is just not enough experience in my book. She never heard of the word tapered before. This is another chain that expanded too fast.
4 I somehow manage to always when I'm in town need a haircut and stop by this convenient location. Great place since you can wait and watch some sports!!
4 Got a good hair cut at a fair price. They have TVs where you can easily watch while they are working which is nice. I will be back for sure!
5 Ask for Roxana - she's the best! I've been taking my son here for the past year and he loves it. We've tried a few stylists, but Roxana is always consistent in the quality of her cuts, super friendly and always happy. The MVP option makes my little man feel special and he feels so comfortable, he can't help but be a chatterbox. It's great to have a stylist that can carry a conversation with a 7 year old. Big thumbs ups!!!
4 I have come in here more times than I can remember now. So they must be doing something right.  I come in for a quick haircut at a low price. I always get a coupon, because, they send them out in the mail, which is good. The place is clean, and you do not need an Appt. I always like the job they do. But, if you do not have a coupon or it is on special it could be a little higher than I like to pay.
3 The waiting room was freezing! That's my only real comment. I was waiting for my boyfriend while he got his haircut. He said he liked the hair stylist. She did a good job on his hair and told him about a product that could help soften his facial hair. He was interested.   I know their customer is more a male demographic so it wasn't really a place I would go without my boyfriend or a male relative. I wasn't in love with their uniforms. It seemed like every girl was dressed different and they looked unorganized. It didn't seem great for branding and consistency, like normal chain establishments. I'm sure my boyfriend will return, I just happened to be with him and he was looking a bit too scruffy so I tagged along on his haircut.
5 Everyone is always friendly. Ive been numerous times now and never gotten a bad haircut. Very convenient to get food next door while you wait also
5 Everyone is always friendly and professional. The haircuts have always been great. They have many stylists so the wait time is never too bad either. I haven't gone any where else since the first cut I got here. Cheers!
