5 I've had many home loans over the years with a variety different companies, but few that worked as well as this one.  From the day we were quoted a great rate to the day we closed the process was efficient, simple and best of all exactly what we expected.  No surprises, no hidden fees, just a great company to deal with.
5 WOW. Actually I have no words to express how Rusty helped me for the home loan process! I am an self-employed performer that been in this situation for last 10 years!  Just recently moved to Vegas and plan to purchase a place that I can call HOME.  Since as an self-employed performer that mostly goes by contracts to contracts even I had huge down-payment and great numbers of  tax return from the last three years. I called so many different Banks and Mortgage broker for loan. On the phone they actually simply said that to me over the phone "don't waste both our time". I almost give up keep finding for loan until I found Rusty on Yelp. I thought just give another shot to hear the same answer over again......! And I called and told Rusty my situation and he got me the answer is YES. I can do it for you! Then went to meet him at his office and showed everything he need simply he got me pre-approval letter right away....! Until then I still not 100% sure that he can really got it done for me until I owned a house one week ago. He helped me closed a house with in just TWO WEEKS from I placed an offer. Even my realtor she couldn't believed it went so fast and smooth. She said she never closed a house that quick since she is been working in the real estate for 10 YEARS. Not even cash offer could closed that fast.....! What can I say about that. I am so happy and LUCKY that I found him that he helped got my first home with this situation! I WOULD STRONGLY STRONGLY recommend Rusty to all my performer friends or whoever have hard time to get home loan before giving up just give he a call and he might have solution for you......! Thank you so much Rusty!
1 A business that closes at 1pm is not a business that I want to do business with.
5 I cannot believe that I have forgotten to write this review for as long as I have. I went through Wells Fargo originally to get my home loan. They were only willing to finance me for so much and I'd have to come up with the rest if I wanted a house in a higher bracket. I kept looking and found nothing.  I then went to Rusty after talking to a few friends that went to him and was approved for more. I'm not one to ask for an irresponsible amount. Nor would I live outside my means. I am just glad that I had someone who was so responsive to all of my questions and got back to me in a timely manner.   With Rusty and my realtor, they were a one two punch that landed me a home. Not only me, but everyone that has used them as a team. I would highly suggest going to Crosscountry and talking to Rusty, because his patience with me speaks highly of him.
