5 What a great holiday tradition. I have been before when it was at Sunset Park, but this is bigger and better. The lights are spectacular and well-themed. I recommend this to anyone of any age and especially if you have kids. They have each section of lights themed, which is a nice touch. The lane is pretty wide, allow cars to pull over and spend extra time looking at certain sections without backing up traffic. The path spans the entire circumference of the Speedway and they even offer hot cocoa, cider, kettle corn and water for sale as you enter.   For one price of $15 or $20 on weekends, your entire car full of people can enjoy. So, fill your car to the brim and enjoy. Don't forget to tune into 101.5 on your FM station to enjoy some holiday music while you drive.
5 Glittering Lights may be held at Las Vegas Motor Speedway but unlike other times of the year when you come here to go fast, this event is to be taken in slowly. And it's definitely an event you'll want to take in. It supports great charities and causes and helps to spread a lot of holiday cheer to good people who need it.   When you hop off the 15 and drive down Speedway Blvd you catch a small glimpse of what's in store, but consider that just a teaser. When you pull through the gate you pay your admission and can make a donation to Goodwill right on the spot. From there about 10 car lengths away you can buy Hot Cocoa and Cider from some very friendly Cub Scouts / Boy Scouts. And from there the fun begins. Tune your radio to their in-house Christmas music station and off you go.   I took 2 kids with my fiancee and I and we loved it. The drive takes you under parts of the grandstands and the lighting teams took full advantage to make it feel like you're driving through a tunnel of lights. There was lots of outstanding displays to see but the two that really stand out were the 12 days of Christmas with large displays for all 12 days, and the large and very colorful butterflies. You literally drive all the way around the track on the outside so you get a full 2 1/2 miles of lights. Even if you brought Mr. Scrooge along even he would find something to smile about with this lighting display!   Overall this is a new holiday tradition for my family, and I'm so glad I checked it out. The drive also gives you a great view of the city stretching out to the South...the lights of the Strip are like a bonus display!  5 Stars: This is well worth the price of admission!
5 Would not have come this way if it were not for Yelp!  I was fortunate enough to have been chosen to attend Glittering Lights as a part of Yelp Night at Glittering lights.  I went to their previous location at Sunset Park a few years back, but the set up at the LV Motor Speedway is so far beyond what it was at Sunset Park (at least what I remembered it to be). My family and I packed our car full of children and toured the motor speedway at a slow 5 MPH.  The light displays were so colorful and eye appealing, and we were tempted many times to stop our car  to take pictures (we were advised not to do that to avoid being hit).   The best part was that they provided holiday music to listen to through a radio station set up just for Glittering Lights. It really added to the festiveness of the night. The staff, the display, the music - everything was excellent!  A local boy scouts group were selling snacks right before you go in, and the sponsors of the event even provided a goodie bag which contained coupons to shows and attractions.   Knowing how wonderful this event is, I definitely would drive 30+ miles (I live in henderson, and LV motor speedway is faaaaaaaaaar) and pay money next year to attend next year because the lil' ones are definitely looking forward to it!
5 This is a great place to take the kids. It's $20 for a one time pass or $50 for a season pass. The season pass lets you go unlimited times until January 6.   Before you start there are some Boy Scouts set up selling hot cocoa, coffee and snacks. We got some hot cocoa which was perfect since you will be driving with your windows down.  We had to pull over a bunch of times cause a bunch of cars who weren't taking pictures were cruising through pretty fast and I didn't want to slow them down.  This is the first time I've been to something like this and I think everyone with kids should check it out.
4 While I didn't think the light displays were spectacular, some of them were stunning, and they and the accompanying music did put my carload of 5 in a festive holiday mood.  I was ready for Hot Chocolate at the end of our journey, but not at the beginning, when they were offered for sale.  The guide map was helpful in announcing what was coming next, but a few times we had already passed a location before we spotted it.  I liked the longest tunnel of lights and the moving lit Viva Elvis figure best.  All in all, I thought the tariff of $15 per weekday carload was worth the expenditure, and look forward to repeating this in future years so long as the light displays do not remain substantially the same.  I recommend that Glittering Lights be seen at least once by those who welcome and embrace the holiday season.
5 We attended on one of the 3 days that they offered free to the Military as I wasn't able to make it on Yelp! night. My husband and 2 girls and I loaded up in the car to take our christmas journey through the speedway. My kids (6 and 4) absolutely loved it and kept saying Oh mom look at this and that! Even as an adult I was excited and loved looking at all of the cool displays. This is definitely worth doing even paying for it, gets you in that holiday spirit! We will visit again and again as long as we're stationed here.
3 Random.  Totally random.  I understand that lights were sponsored by certain companies and organizations who wanted themselves represented in the displays, but shouldn't something in the presentation have to do with Christmas???  When we arrived, I was confused. Right from the get-go, there were dinosaurs everywhere. Not dinosaurs with Santa hats, but miscellaneous prehistoric creatures. What the heck do dinosaurs have to do with holidays, or with Christmas for that matter???  Later on there were butterflies, bulldozers, ambulances, fish, and even the Titanic. I thought this last one was a particularly sobering display.  After a while, the hilarity of such a random mixture of lighted images surfaced, so there were some chuckles from crazed questioning facial gestures. I guess it was worth the money to see it, but I wasn't prepared for the content.
4 Because the line for magical forest was down the street and around the corner, we decided to head over the speedway!   20$ It was beautiful, glad we got there when we did because that line gets REALLY long to get in!
4 The lights were a fun distraction from the hustle and bustle of the holidays. Myself, my husband, my parents, and my brother went last night. We got there at about 9:30 PM and had to wait in a line of cars for about 20 minutes just to get in! We didn't get into the drive for the lights until about 10:15 PM. They closed at 10 PM. Luckily they didn't kick people out who were already in line before 10.  They've done a great job and who doesn't like to look at Christmas lights? Plus, you can drive in the comfort of your car to see them.   The people working here were very cordial and happy. The Boy Scouts were giving out hats to children and selling hot cocoa, although we didn't not indulge in any. There's also a radio station they tell you to tune into that is specifically playing Christmas music for the event.  The only thing I did not like was that some of the displays had nothing to do with the holidays. I get that different companies sponsored the lights and they wanted to be represented, but still... I wish all the displays had had some sort of holiday theme to them. Other than that - very cool thing to do during the holidays.
3 Christmas in Vegas?  This should get you in the spirit!  20 or so themed light displays and you get to drive through the Las Vegas Speedway?  Quite a unique experience.  I read all the descriptions and news articles before coming and got real excited.    Is it must see?  I wouldn't go that far.  Some of you will like this more than I did.  Maybe I have high standards and have been fazed by all the people who go crazy on their houses during Christmas time... installing waving figures, ski lifts, shimmering lights, moving train sets, live music, and maybe even a visit from a real life Santa.  It's not that elaborate here.  You get all sorts of scenes, some Christmas related, some not so much.  Elvis?  Check.  12 Days of Christmas?  Check.  3 wise men?  Check.  A lit McDonald's sign?  Check.  A castle sponsored by Yelp?  Check.  All of these are lit, but there aren't any moving parts or special effects.  The most you get for effects is shimmering light tunnels that you drive through (pretty cool).  None of the scenes overwhelmed me.    It was $20 a car on the weekends ($15 Monday-Thursday), but I got a $2 discount for donating a bag of goods to the Goodwill collection truck located at the entrance.  After you pay, there's a drive through station where you can buy little car snacks like popcorn, candy, and hot chocolate.  They also have a dedicate station on onsite that you can turn your radio to to hear themed music while you're driving through.  It takes about 30-45 minutes to drive through the whole thing, unless you have a really slow cars in front of you.  Like racing on the Speedway, you can pass the slowbies on the turn if you rev up to 15 miles per hour.  My advice?  Take your time, because it doesn't last as long as the map makes it seem.    In the end... worth doing if you have free time and are looking for something holiday themed to take your kids or sweetie too.  Or you could just walk the flower garden at Bellagio and save yourself $20 and a 20 minute drive out of the city.
4 Glittering Lights is a holiday tradition for us.  Every year we make hot cocoa and pile into the car and go see the lights.  We always have a great time even though it takes longer for us to get there then to go through the actual lights.  My tip drive slow.  We constantly pull over for people rushing through.  It goes pretty quick even driving slow.  Last year we were able to go for free on Yelp Night at Glittering Lights.  Thanks Misti!  I liked it better when it was at Sunset Park, the park gave it some nice scenery and they used to have a charity night where you could buy tickets and walk through the lights instead of driving.  That was our fave.  It is was fun for the kids to walk through and they had Santa and a snack bar selling holiday treats.  Miss that.  I am glad we still have it though, better at the speedway then gone forever.
4 great tradition every year in Las Vegas! loved it's a great to be able to pack the kids in the car and stay warm and cozy while you drive through the amazing light show!! awesome place to go for some family time!!
4 You know what I love about the Holidays? The memories you make and the traditions you build. It's these things that are priceless and last a lifetime.  What I love about the Holidays in Las Vegas is that there is so much to do. One of the highlights beautiful Las Vegas has to offer is the Glittering Lights at the Las Vegas Speedway.   There are employees with light batons once you get close to the entry to help guide you in. Once you pull into the driveway Goodwill is there with their truck so you can drop off any donations. I actually loved this because I had a couple of bags of stuff I had been meaning to drop off at Goodwill, so I was able to do good and have a good time with my family.  Once you get to the booth, you can pay for your vehicle to get and then a little further ahead is the boy scouts offering goods such as hot chocolate, apple cider and other items. We purchased the hot chocolate, apple cider and snowflake glasses. I didn't think my hot chocolate was going to be good, but I slurped that sucker down. It wasn't watered down at all and was very smooth and chocolaty.  The lights themselves are beautiful. Yes, there are sponsorships and you will see names of companies but the lights are fun. My son kept oohing and ahhing at everything. His eyes would light up every time he saw a new light. He enjoyed all the lights from the trucks, to the dinosaurs and dragons, to the snowmen and Christmas trees.  Drive Slow. Take it all in, appreciate the memories you are making and enjoy the holidays for what they should be about - love and family. The glittering lights also known to my son as "Santa's Lights" will now be a family tradition we continue to do every year that we reside in Las Vegas.
4 After seeing the Glittering Lights at the Speedway, I am wondering why it took them so long to realize how great it is there! WAY different then the Sunset Park experience, in much better way. Granted it has been a few years since I have gone, but I was pleasantly surprised with our 15ish minute drive through ride.  We went as a family and got some goods from the Memphis BBQ Drive thru first. If were taking the long drive out to the northeast, might as well make it worth it. Plus the fam really liked the idea of grubbing while enjoying the glitter.  The people at the entrance were very polite and gave us no problem with our YELP check in. You are also offered hot chocolate and popcorn by some very kind but a tad obnoxious teenage boy scouts. We supported the cause even though we had BBQ. It seemed like many of the sponsors of the light displays stepped their game up. The tunnels of the Speedway also made a nice layout to enjoy. One part you actually drive into the center of a Christmas tree. The supported all nationalities and religions with a little bit of everything. And it didn't end to quick or last too long.  Overall, instead of running the city looking for cool lights, this is a solid option.  Thanks for inviting us Yelpers to enjoy the festivities!
4 We had a Yelp evening here Monday night and it was a pleasure to drive around the Speedway and enjoy the lights.  I like the tunnel of lights section and it's fun driving under the stands by the concrete pillars and looking at the various designs.  Some of the hotel sponsors' lights were quite nice.  There were also some NASCAR oriented displays.  It's a very pleasant drive of about 2 miles to enjoy the festive display.  Thanks to our CM, Drew, for arranging the Yelp night!
4 The entrance was hard to find because there were no signs pointing the entrance out. After a few wrong turns we found our way in. My kids really enjoyed the light displays. Even at a slow pace you can drive the whole display in about 10 minutes. I only wish there would of been a few more displays.
4 I had my 2 year old son on my lap and I was enjoying too much to take photos.  This is the 2nd year we've been to Glittering lights.  There is not much change from the previous year, the light displays are not very impressive, however, the track/ride itself is quite lengthy so you will get your fill of light installations.  If you go with the whole family (don't forget the kiddos!) and armed yourself with hot chocolate and the Christmas Songs radio station that they ask you to tune into, you will definitely catch the holiday bug.  For $20 a vehicle, it's worth the ride for a large group, or even a small one with 1 or 2 toddlers. :)
4 Hours: Sunday -Thursday 5:30 pm to 9:00 pm.  Friday - Saturday 5:30 pm to 10:00 pm.  Cost: Monday - Thursday $15 at the gate. Friday - Sunday $20 at the gate. Thanksgiving day, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Years Eve and New Years Day $20 at the gate. Season Pass is $55. You can also purchase tickets online. If purchasing 50+ tickets you should check into their group pricing.  This used to be called "The Gift of Lights" at Sunset Park, but has a new name and home. The now "Glittering Lights" at Las Vegas Motor Speedway was fun and free for a 2nd year thanks to yelp. There were a lot more cars this year compared to last year. It seemed like there were a few more lights up this year, but pretty much the same light displays just put up in a different spot. The difference I notice here at the speedway vs. susnet park is there is a lot more space for lights. I just wish they filled it all up! It's too bad more businesses don't get involved and set up a light display where it's dark. There is a sign at the gate telling you which radio station you can listen to while you drive through. I enjoyed munching on popcorn and hot chocolate that were for sale by the Boy Scouts at the entrance and seeing all the pretty lights :)
5 Heard about this place a couple years back but never had a chance to check it out. When a recent Yelp event popped up, I decided it was the perfect opportunity. As a child, my parents often took me around the neighborhood to see some of the impressive light displays that were put up. Glittering Lights reminds me exactly of that, except instead of driving around neighborhoods, you can safely drive around the speedway.  Some of the displays at Glittering lights were large and impressive. Our favorites were the McDonald's one and the tunnel of light that we drove through. I'm not sure what some people's hurry was as they were tailgating me and then zoomed past me as I pulled to the side to take photos. It was also annoying that people had their headlights so I let those people pass me as well.    At $15-20 per car, I'm definitely bringing my family here when they visit in a couple weeks! Don't forget to bring cash, as the Boy Scouts are at the entrance selling hot chocolate and other goodies before you embark on your tour of lights.
5 I found Glittering Lights through a LivingSocial deal and my boyfriend bought it for a date night out. He had never been but always wanted to go and I just moved to the area so I was curious about it. We were both so amazed by the long trail of lights and how creative the different displays were. Hot chocolate is offered and you tune the car radio to a Christmas station as you drive through. It was a festive way to spend the night.
3 Glittering lights. For $20 per car (a donation for Speedway Children Charities), you tune to 101.5 FM, turn off the headlights and look at the lights.The lights are pretty, but it's the same every year. There's really no theme or rhyme and reason. I really wish they would do something different. There's tons of advertisements aka sponsors names everywhere.    Definitely pretty and worth doing if you have little ones. Otherwise, it is short drive through pretty light lane.
4 For the Yelp Night, I brought my fiance, friend Teresa S., and my mother. Everyone felt like it was a road trip and thankfully my fiance drove. Anyway, when we did arrive, we were very excited to see the Christmas lights, even from the outside. We drove up, gave my name, received a goodie bag, and were told about hot beverages ahead and to turn off our lights for a better viewing experience. Since it was a cold night, we were more than happy to sip on hot apple cider (yum!) while listening to their special radio station broadcasting Christmas music.  So, this wasn't quite what I was expecting. When I heard about Glittering Lights and that it was at the Speedway (I have been to a Nascar race previously), I thought, "WOW, we get to drive on the track that's been decorated with lights?!?" That would have been too cool. But it's okay, we got to drive around in the tunnels (under the audience seats). The lights were really cool. I felt like a kid again. Not that I don't feel like a kid often. It was just so magical. I really liked the animated lights like the sliding penguins or parachuting Santa. My absolute favorite part was the tunnel of lights near the end. It was so, so cool. I took advantage of opening the sunroof and taking photos from there and it worked out really well.  My only gripes is that the lights felt a bit spread out. I would rather have a shorter course with more lights. Or the same course with more lights. Basically, want more lights glittering everywhere - that would be great. Also, it felt so short. I believe you can go around more than once, but I seemed to be the only one that wanted to do it again.  Recommendation: Go with a few friends or family members (load up the car!), bring cash for hot beverages and snacks (your money goes to a good place or bring a thermos with your favorite Holiday beverage and snacks of your own), turn up the Holiday music on Sunny 106.5, and cruise down the Glittering Lights track!
2 Sorry, hate to give a less than stellar review to something that purports to donate the proceeds to charity, (and I will be charitable myself here and assume that all or almost all of the funds do indeed go straight to the cause), but this just isn't that great.  Of course, I am such a slimeball that I didn't even pay full price- got a discount coupon from dinelv.com and loaded up the car with my daughter, niece, and a 7 and a 3 year-old.   Now, when this "event" was held at Sunset Park, it was half the price, so I figured there would be twice as many displays. In fact, there were more, but they were repeats of the same amateurish, uninspired, two-dimensional, and yes, cheap looking set-ups from past (disappointing) years. There is an additional light tunnel, which the kids particularly enjoyed, but most of the ride consisted of  a monotonous trail of widely spaced cheesy displays showcased on bare asphalt ground with concrete walls and lots of chain link fencing as a background. Ho ho ho hum.    The journey quickly deteriorated as we gave up attempting to explain to the kiddies what earthly connection that sharks, dinosaurs, and McDonald's golden arches had  with Christmas, and just began to entertain one another with increasingly sarcastic comments about the questionable décor. Highlight was when we came up slowly over a rise and I had the little ones convinced we were in imminent danger of hurtling over the edge of the earth. At least they were paying attention for a minute, anyway.  Lowlight? Actually, it was kind of my fave- an unexpected little surprise at the end. Just when you are getting REALLY irritated because they are directing you away from what is obviously the nearest exit to this yawnfest and forcing you to loop through the whole parking lot to escape, you find there is a method to this madness: the living nativity scene!! Yes, they actually found a bunch of volunteers willing to dress up like Mary, Joseph, and the whole crazy gang, and mill around a makeshift stable! My jaw dropped. Best part- my evil niece gasped, "OMG! Roll down the window - they're singing!!" So we did. And in an uncharacteristic display of restraint and Christmas spirit, I rolled it back up again before they could hear our commentary.  In summary: this is OK for young children and very tolerant adults, but tired, cheesy and overpriced. Not to mention the speedway isn't close to anybody. Go to the cactus garden at Ethel M. instead. It's beautiful AND free.
4 Open until Jan 5th Hours of operation is Sunday - Thursday 5:30pm - 9:00 pm and Friday and Saturday 5:30pm - 10:00pm.  On weekdays (sunday-thursday) it costs $15 to go in and $20 Friday, Saturday, and holidays. There's also a season pass you can purchase for $55. Price is based per car not per person.   What a fun place to go to during the holidays! I went on Christmas Day when family and friends were looking to do something fun with the kids. I think this included me. It was my first time coming and it was fun  looking at all the lights that were put together by the different sponsors. Some lacked more interesting designs and others like McDonald's did the most (go figure). You drive through the Speedway bleachers and up and around the Speedway itself. I think the best parts are the tunnels filled with lights.   Trying to get into that holiday feel? Tune in your radio to 101.5 fm for Christmas music. Even in January it still feels a lot like Christmas! I wish the rates were cheaper as I didn't think $15-20 was worth the light show especially since some parts of the tour felt bare. I mean we are using our gas too you know! You can also order hot chocolate as well if you want to.   Either way it was a good experience. The kids had fun including me. I'd definitely take the family out again! Hopefully they change up the designs too every year but I'd have to go again next year to find out!
3 This was my second time coming out to the Glittering lights at the speedway. It was free so I didn't mind driving over but I put better Christmas lights on my house than I've seen here. It was the same lights as the previous years but just scattered in a different area. Don't get me wrong, there are some cool lights but nothing to drive out of your way for. The best part for me if the couple different "light tunnels" the cars go through. You can tour neighborhoods and see better stuff and just make a donation or drop off a bag of gently used goods at goodwill and still help the cause without spending $15-$20 to see the same thing every year.   Boy Scouts were selling goods at the entrance so I bought some popcorn and a hot chocolate. Most of my stars are going to whatever them boy scouts put in the hot chocolate because it was the best I have ever had. Packet or not I don't care it was awesome.  If you have never been to see Glittering Lights then pile up enough people in your car to make it a fun trip and see at least once. Twice is too much.
3 I came because it's Christmas, it's for charity and mainly for the nieces and nephews.   We piled as many as would fit into my brother in law's truck bed and did the slow lap around the speedway checking out what local businesses erected as their show of support for the cause.   Set your stereo to the assigned station and you can listen or sing along to the Christmas tunes as you check out the displays.   Military discount (active duty or retired) as both my sister and her husband are in the Air Force. Not sure what the full cost is; you pay per vehicle and our cost was $13.
3 What Glittering Lights is to Las Vegas is what Fantasy of Lights is to Los Gatos...same concept, but Glittering Lights is bigger b/c their venue is actually at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway...  I came here with my immediate and some of my extended family right after the 49er win on 12/23...the line just to get into the entrance took almost an hour long...  Entrance fee was $15...honestly, it would have been more reasonable if we paid $8 or something ($10 at the Los Gatos location...should be more like $3-5)...once we got through paying, the wait was just as long to actually see the darn light show...but as you're driving/waiting to get to the light show, there's people outside serving hot cocoa, popcorn, and souvenirs...nice offer, but definately overpriced...but I like how they gave us a good handful of free peppermint candies though haha...they also handed us a guide showing the different sponsors of Glittering Lights, such as Mickie D's, The Shark Reef, and of course...YELP!  The nicest part of the light show was driving through the tunnels...  For having paid $15 dollars, I would have expected the place to be slightly overbearingly decorated with Christmas Lights...but...nah!  Yes, some of them were nice to look at, but the fact that there was so much space...it seemed like there just wasn't enough decor...like seriously, I've seen houses go all out on Christmas lights...decorated from rooftop to the front lawn, and even that gives me that "wow" factor haha...  Anyway, the lights show took about 30-35 minutes tops...again, not a bang for my buck...  It wouldn't hurt for first-timers to come and visit, but once should be good enough...
