4 I responded to the Fulton Ranch mailer they sent out and came in as a new customer. The front desk staff was friendly & personable, and I was introduced to my massage therapist shortly after I arrived.   I was very pleased with Ali's Swedish massage. Although I waited 5 minutes for her to enter after I was undressed and under the sheet, I think the made up for the time and I still got the full hour. She was very thorough by asking me lots of questions prior to our massage to find out exactly what I needed. The massage itself was incredible, and her touch was neither too soft or too deep. She also gave me a full scalp massage, which I am not accustomed to after going to other massage locations.  When I left she presented me with 3 specials to entice me to come again, and , I probably will.  Good job guys - surprised I am your first Yelp review in 2 years!
5 Have been looking for a new salon for over a year now and got referred here. I had stylist Shannon who I was thoroughly impressed with. She took her time asking questions about what I wanted, and you could tell was very detailed while coloring and cutting my hair. I was really happy with my results! I even got 25% off my first visit, and they gave me a book with coupons in it for future visits. I also received 20% off the products I purchased as well. Definitely will be back to see Shannon!
5 I'd been in Arizona for a year and hadn't done a thing with my hair !!  I browsed online the various salons in the area and finally decided on Madison Avenue on Alma School Road in Chandler.  I walked in and the front desk staff was friendly and professional and didn't look at me with disgust (since I had just been to the gym and looked like a total ragamuffin...clothes, hair and all !).  The salon is clean and well laid out.  Vanessa Granillo highlighted, cut and styled my hair to perfection !!  I was incredibly pleased with her professionalism and skill !!  She'll be seeing me again !!!
5 I have been coming here about 2 years now and I see Amanda every time. She is awesome and always versatile when I get a wild hair to try something new.  Prices are comparable for hair.  I can't speak to the other services they offer here but it's a relaxed and comfortable salon.  Happy repeat customer.
