5 Dan did a wonderful job tinting my car windows! Fast and they look perfect. He's very honest and also charges a reasonable price
5 I found Dan on Yelp. He did a great job using quality products, was on time and his pricing is very competitive. What more can you ask for. Oh, he's a nice guy too. Thanks Dan!
5 I would recommend him to anyone. Be rest assured, he did a great job on my Civic. I was more than grateful for the tinting job that was done on my car. If you want someone that is down to earth, then Dan is the man!
5 Dan did a really great job! I would recommend him to anyone! Very nice and flexible with my schedule.
5 Dan did an amazing job with my car! I was looking for a place to get my car windows tinted for months. Luckily I came across Dan!! Prices are great and Dan was super professional and nice. I highly recommend him. Plus he has adorable pets  :)
5 Dan did an amazing job tinting my daughters windows as a surprise for her graduation, he was able to schedule with us immediately and finished in an extraordinary timely manner. He was very friendly and professional. I would HIGHLY recommend him for any tinting needs! We were very impressed!   On a side note, he has an adorable huge friendly dog named Charlie!
5 Had a great time chatting with Dan a few weekends ago.  He was able to carry-out an amazing tint job on a last minute's notice.  Very friendly and intelligent person with an insane work ethic.  He noticed one dog hair in the back window after he tinted it and re-did the entire window..even after I told him that it was barely noticeable and I really didn't care.  Just goes to show you that there are still people left in this world who care about their craft.  Even with the back window redo he finished up promptly.  Finally, he was the least expensive out of the 5 or 6 places that I called.  If you go, ask to see his Mastiff.  He is unreal!
5 I saw the reviews on Yelp regarding Dan's Window Tint so I decided to use his service since I just moved to Phoenix from Cali a few months ago  I called him and was able to get in at a time that worked for me.  He did all my window in less then an hour and did a exellent job.  Also, his prices are way more then fair.  On top of all that he is a very personable guy and easy to communicate with.  I would recommend to anyone that comes my way regarding tint and I will definatley be using him for my future vehicles.
5 Nice guy, good conversation while I waited.  Very professional and exceptional job. I've had the window tinting now for about 3 weeks and my wife, who is a perfectionist, cannot even find a flaw.  That is big win my friends!  He has 20 years+ of experience doing tinting and his prices are really great, he saves on costs by doing the work from his home garage and he passes it on to us.  I wish Dan all the success and a flourishing business for many years.    Summer is here, do not wait, Best window tinting in Phoenix!
5 I just had my windows tinted by Dan and loved his work. He is trustworthy, timely and made my car look great. I highly recommend him!
5 When it comes to window tinting Dan is simply the best. He uses high quality film unlike other tint companies.  Even if he's not close to your home or office, he's worth the trip to get it done right at a competitive price. I've been a car broker for over 20 years and he's my tint guy.  Thanks Dan !
5 Dan tinted my windows about four months ago but I wanted to wait to see how the tint held up before posting a review. I couldn't be happier. The tint still looks like it came from the factory, even though the car sits outside, uncovered, 24/7.   Communication with Dan was great when setting up the appointment and he even called me the day of to let me know I could come earlier if I wanted. He finished the job in less time than he said it would take. His work was thorough and neat.  Dan works out of his house, but it's close enough to shopping and food so you can walk somewhere to kill time while you're waiting.  I highly recommend Dan and will definitely use him the next time I need some tinting done.
5 Dan is cool as hell. Sat in his garage and shot the ish with him while he tinted my car. Took about 90 mins. He's a pro! Great price and it looks great.
5 Dan is awesome!  He tinted my Panamera and did a great job. Affordable and great work!
5 Went to Dan based on the other review and Dan is great.  Very professional, very nice, and very fair.  I would have him do all my other cars for sure.
5 Dan was a pleasure to work with. Whenever you take your car in for any service, all you want is someone professional and honest. Dan knocked it out of the park in both categories. I wanted a tint for my wife's SUV and since it is my wife's car, I was wanting the highest quality and most expensive tint. Dan showed me my options and recommended a high quality tint, but didn't recommend the most expensive because it wasn't worth the extra money. He showed me the differences and allowed me to make a decision based on his recommendations and 30 years of experience. Dan sacrificed a higher profit margin for the happiness of his customer and I am thrilled with the tint job.  I will be taking all my cars to Dan in the future and would recommend everyone else to do the same.
5 Good experience! Dan was friendly and professional and the price was good. Work was down very well and quickly.
5 Dan did an amazing job tinting my 2014 Civic. It looks much better and has kept the car cooler. If you are reading this and can't decide where to take your vehicle to get tinted look no further as your decision has just been made!  Dan knows what he is doing. You start off the process by choosing from various shades of tint and go from there. I had no idea which I wanted and trusted his judgement. Never have I seen someone cut so accurately with an razor blade. Each window is custom cut by Dan all by hand so you know that it will fit your vehicle perfectly.   Throughout the entire process Dan was friendly and easy to have a conversation with. He received priceless advice years ago when starting his business to "spend less than you make". Truly that man was a visionary when it came to running a business.  All in all Dan did a great job and was fun to talk to. If you are in the market to get your windows tinted this is the place to go. I would be genuinely surprised if better service was found anywhere else. Yelp and word of mouth are Dan's main advertising so if you are reading this and choose Dan for your job make sure you write a review here and spread the word.  Very impressed with the quality and workmanship and would highly recommend giving Dan a call.  *If you love dogs ask to see Charlie. He is an up and coming Phoenix celebrity.
5 Amazing work, nice guy, quick service and an air conditioned garage while you wait. I highly recommend Dan.
5 Dan has tinted at least a dozen cars for me and more for friends and family over the last nearly 15 years I have known him.  The work is always first rate, and I've never had to return for an issue, even after it's endured several years of the Arizona sun.  Today, he's tinting my daughter's first car.  I wouldn't have her go to anyone else.
5 Dan did a great job on two cars my 2011 jeep wrangler and my daughters 2011 Chevy cruze. Did them both on the same day and on short notice. The stars on this review and the others posted are well deserved! Need window tint? Gotta get it done by Dan!!
