4 Called Appliance Works at  10:30am on Saturday because my washer had gotten really noisy.  They gave me an appointment for 3-5 the same day and the tech was here at 4.  Great start!  He spent a hour investigating and testing the machine and even cleaned out the drain.  He didn't find anything conclusive other than the machine is aging...but the clean drain was a big bonus.  And only a $55 service charge...which is less than what my home warranty would have charged if I had it covered with them.  Family owned business, good service!
5 I called Appliance Works this morning because my refrigerator stopped cooling. They were very nice on the phone and were able to get a tech to my house in an hour and a half after the call. The repair tech was courteous, efficient and knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend this company for appliance repair and we will be using them as our repair service if we ever need anything else fixed. Its refreshing to get good, fast service!
5 Our washing machine died and I assumed it was going to be a lost cause, but I needed to be sure.  I called on a Saturday afternoon and Monday morning, Brett came out and signed the death certificate for the washer.  Both people I spoke to, the lovely woman who answered the call and Brett at my home, we incredibly nice and helpful.  Brett explained the issue with the washer to me and didn't "man-splain" the issue to me.  I'm going to get a new washer, but if I need any other appliance repairs, I'll definitely be calling them again!
5 Vladamir was great!  Completely professional and so accomomodating since we live out of town and we needed to do the repair while we were away.  I would highly recommend this company! Lynne
5 Having never needed an appliance repair company before I turned to my trusted Yelp friends who all recommended Appliance Works.  I now know why!    Jim showed up at my home this morning  right on time after making an appointment yesterday afternoon.  Within 10 minutes he had diagnosed the problem with my dryer and fixed it with nothing more than the cost of a service call.  He went out of his way to recommend an improved ducting system that he installed on the spot and was on his way within 30 minutes.  If I'm ever in need of appliance repairs in the future I will be back and will be sending all my friends and colleagues as well.
5 Great first contact by phone, polite and informed. This was my "second opinion" call for a repair on a washer dryer. First estimate was double what  Appliance Works charged me. It was repaired the next day. Professional family owned small business.
5 Great service. Showed up on time. Knew what he was doing. Got my dryer fixed. Charged a fair price.
5 My refrigerator/freezer stopped working at 8:30 p.m. I called early the next morning and even though they were having a very busy day, they had the technicians here by the end if the day.  They were fast, efficient, friendly and diagnosed the problem and ad it fixed in under 20 minutes.  I was very impressed.  I had suggested them initially to a friend for a washing machine problem and had admired their integrity in that situation as they again came to the call in a timely manner and quickly assessed that the appliance was not repairable, explaining why  which is always helpful.  I highly recommend this company.  They are a real find in today's often spotty service industry.  Thank you.
5 Yelpers got it right again!  I called on a MON afternoon, and had an appointment for the next day.  Tech was professional, hardworking, and fixed the problem.  Nice family-owned business with great service and good prices!
5 I tried to fix our Kitchen Aid dryer to no avail.  I called yesterday afternoon and Brett was able to fit me in the next morning.  He called me when he was on his way and had our dryer fixed in about a half an hour.  He even asked if he could borrow the vacuum we had in the laundry room to go ahead and clean up the back of dryer and get rid of some built up lint!  And told me he left all the loose change there for us! WHAAA?  He asked to clean and then left us money we didn't even know about?!  Amazing.  Highly recommend Appliance Works, they were great.
5 I called Thursday and got a Saturday late morning appointment to replace a lid switch on our 15-year old Whirlpool washing machine. I gave them the model number and they were able to quote me a price over the phone.   Brett came over, knew exactly what to do, and completed the job in fifteen minutes for the price quoted.  They don't do any warranty work, but if your appliance is out of warranty and you need repairs, these are folks to call.
4 3.5 stars.  First, I would like to thank SRP for the monster power surge that set fire to the electrical board in my dryer.  They shall be receiving my gratitude in the form of a claim for $300.  Naturally, I discovered the problem on a Friday afternoon.  My first call to another highly rated appliance repair business resulted in an answer of "I can probably get to it Monday or Tuesday.  Text me your information."  Apparently, he was too busy to collect my information or actually give me an appointment.  Not to mention it would take me 27 minutes to text my address & phone on my flip phone as well as a refresher course on how to type a number.  Forget it.  So I called Appliance Works.  They actually tried to work me in the same afternoon, but when the repairman got tied up on another call, they promptly called to let me know he would have to come the next day, a Saturday.  And he did come in the window I was given.  Although I assumed it was the board, he stated it was only a blown fuse and would be a mere $130 to repair.  Unfortunately, he had to leave for over an hour to get the fuse.  After he came back, he realized it was the board and would really be $270.  He forgot that a Frigidaire had to be tested differently.  I could forgive that since he was relatively young.  The kicker was that the part would not be in until the following Friday.  I expressed I could not wait that long and was considering just buying a new set.  It was only after we asked if there was any way to get the part sooner that he offered to have it expressed.  It was to get here on Tuesday.  Tuesday came and went, and I did not hear from Appliance Works, so I called on Wed morning.  The gal I spoke with contacted the technician and through some miscommunication advised me the tech did not know if the part was in.  I wasn't happy about paying an extra $30 for rush unnecessarily.  She had the tech call me himself and he clarified the part had come in on Tuesday, but not until late.  He was going to confirm the right part had been ordered before calling.  He did follow up and came that evening to fix it.  Again, he was on time and the repair was made at the quoted price.  He also gave me a detailed receipt so that I can file a claim.  Although there were a few snags, Appliance Works was very accommodating in scheduling me promptly.  I would definitely use their service again.
5 I was so pleased with Appliance Works! Our ice maker in the fridge broke Saturday and we had to shut off the water to the kitchen sink to stop the flood. I called at 8 AM this morning with the model and serial numbers for the fridge and the icemaker. I was told to expect him between 2-4. Right at 2 PM, got a call that he was on the way. Brett was here in about 10 minutes. He was so nice and was able to replace a valve rather than replacing the whole ice maker. I will definitely keep this contact in my phone if we have any other appliance issues. I highly recommend the company and the service from Brett. The women on the phone (his mother and sister) were so polite and helpful. A great company. The repair was much less expensive than I expected. A 5 star in my opinion. I will be sharing this company info with my neighbors.
5 Appliance Works comes through again!!!  My refrigerator stopped working.  :(   Knowing my unit was 11 years old, I was prepared to hear the compressor was shot, and to me, that would mean a new fridge.   I left a message after hours, received a call the next morning minutes after they opened at 8AM, and had an appointment for later the same day.  Tech called before arriving, came during the appointment window, was able to repair the unit for under $200, thereby saving me thousands in a new purchase!!  I was beyond thrilled.  :)  Couldn't be more happy with this company.  These guys truly rock.  They are responsible, personable, responsive, very fairly priced, hard-working, and really know how to repair pretty much anything.   I wouldn't consider calling anyone else!!
5 Called just after opening, and was given same day appointment. Tech, Jim,  was professional, on time, and super nice and knowledgeable.  He was there to look at two appliances. Immediately diagnosed a blocked drain in washer- easy fix. The 10 year old refrigerator had a common problem, and he had it up and running in no time. The price was better then I expected. We are EXTREMELY pleased.  I am beyond thrilled that I will never have to scour for another appliance repair company, because I will ALWAYS use APPLIANCE WORKS!!!!
5 As a property manager - without a full-time maintenance staff - I am dependent on my service providers. Appliance Works is one of my most reliable.  It is timely in both its response to me but also in its communication to my tenants.
5 I rent a house and my tenants notified me the fridge I provided was no longer keeping cool. Not knowing what to do, I googled "fridge repair" and found Appliance Works. I must say I'm very impressed!   They had same day inspection, were courteous and professional, and waited for my approval before doing anything. Their prices were also reasonable with multiple options for me in how far I wanted to go repairing.  Recommended!
4 After a conversation with the owner of the business on what happened  with the repair while I was out of town. I have a different impression of the company.I don't find many business that care about customers as this owner does.
