5 Used this company for 2 years and was extremely happy with their service!  They were out within days of my calls and would come back multiple times to try different things to get rid of all my pest problems.  I moved out of their service area recently so I'm sad to not be able to use them anymore.
5 We called Irish about 5:00 asking for an estimate.  Planned on a phone call back sometime the next day.  About 1 1/2 hours later he was at our door giving us the estimate, and the job was done by 7:15.  Great guy providing great service, what else can I say?
5 Irish was the only company that I could fine that would do organic weed control. Irish applied the organic spray and a pre emergent. He asked me to call him in a few days. I did  call to let him know our weeds were gone. He comes promptly when called and always follows through with what he says he is going to do. He is professional and courteous. He is working hard to spread the word about the good health benefits of organic weed and pest control. He is on the cutting edge of what people are beginning to ask for to preserve our environment and our health.
5 Irish did a great job at a great price!  He was prompt, professional and went out of his way to make me a happy customer.  I highly recommend them!
5 I called this company because I was having a huge bee problem. Not only did he quote me a reasonable rate, he came out the same day. He is very professional and knowledgeable in what he does. Took care of my bee problem in less than an hour. Would definately use them again. I highly recommend this company if you are looking for reasonable but excellent service.
1 I had been doing business with Irish for almost 2 years and up until my most recent encounter was very satisfied.  I was on their recurring quarterly service for pest control.  At my last service, I was billed for weed control along with pest control.  I sent a letter explaining that I did not use him for weed control, only pest control and paid for the pest control service only.  Well, I never heard from him again.  I noticed early May that I hadn't received a call to schedule my service (due in April), so I called him.  Several times.  No call back.  I even sent an email through his website.  I was a good solid customer.  If they don't want my business because I didn't pay $80 for their mistake, so be it.
5 Couldn't ask for better service. Irish was personable, thorough and very helpful. You know right away the guy is shooting you straight and giving you the honest truth. He could've charged me for what i thought was a serious pigeon problem, but instead he explained to me what was really going on and gave me some thrifty tips on how to deal with it. It's rare these days that you find someone who's not just out to get your money. I won't go with any other business in the future.
5 I originally posted a not so good review that I later found to be a totally different company with a very similar name....now that I realize what company Im using, I know for sure I have the right one.  Irish was very professional & informative, I now know more than I ever wanted to about ants!! LOL Im happy with the service & price I've paid!  Will use again!!!
