4 Pops and I each got a 1/4lb burger with chips. Both burgers were excellent as were the homemade chips. We'll definitely return
4 Random adventures often lead to finding the diamond in the rough.    Went for a late lunch with a friend I hadn't seen for over a year just to catch up.  We initially planned on going to the cafe next door, but because I had just gotten off of a plane after a 2 hour delay...they had already closed.  We wandered next door and walked in only to be greeted with smiles and welcomes!   The woman behind the counter explained everything on the menu.  Everything in this place is freshly made.  Hamburger meat is hand pressed and never frozen...sandwich meat is Boar's Head and is freshly sliced to order.  All burgers and sandwiches are served with homemade chips (LOVE THEM!).    I ordered a stuffed burger (hey! Don't judge me!  I was in an airport in Idaho Falls for nearly 5 hours and only had water and cheetos all day!)  Anywhooooo...I ordered "The Pit" which is stuffed with FRESH jalape単o slices and topped with pepper jack cheese.  OMG DELISH!!!  This thing was so huge that I brought more than half of it home!     I can't emphasize enough how friendly and welcoming this place is! Don't let the name scare you away!  Unfortunately, I live so far away...however, next time I'm on this side of town, I will be back!  Ok...I'm not done...this place had me at Ginger Ale on the FOUNTAIN! YES...GINGER ALE ON THE FOUNTAIN! Do you know what that means?  Endless icy goodness!  Okay...I'm done now.  No wait....GINGER ALE!!!!  (I had 4 refills....)
5 I stumbled on this place purely by accident but what a happy accident. The place is cheery and inviting and most of all clean. The food is delicious and all homemade and the price is right. I've been back 3 times in one week if that tells you something. The homemade chips are incredible and the burgers are exceptional. The burgers are made to order in what they call BYOB (build your own burger). I also have tried the pastrami sandwich and the pizza and both were great! I wasn't sure about the pizza because I'm an ex-NYer but it was terrific. All three times there the cost for the lunch or dinner for myself and a friend was around $16 including the tip. There is also a nice case full of home made baked goods that looked great but I only tried the oatmeal cranberry cookie. It was great. I'll be back to sample more!  What makes this place even better are the people that work there. Absolutely friendly and really out there to make you a happy customer. The gal behind the counter, Cheryl, is extremely friendly and professional and each time I visited I felt a personal welcome. The Devil's Kitchen is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots in Chandler and I feel tickled to see this business grow and thrive. It definitely has become my all time favorite place for burgers! Keep them coming!
4 Hello to all my fellow Arizionians and snowbirds-  Its time for another exciting review .. I'll take a moment to remind everyone that I am the pickiest person I know!  And with being said....here we go............  I just moved to Chandler and noticed DEVILS KITCHEN tucked away in the corner of a little shopping area.  I read the great reviews and knew it was a MUST try, so my wonderful husband stopped and picked me up a "PIT burger" that I read so much about.  When he picked up the order, Cheryl said  she hopes we enjoy it and my husband told her to check yelp and she would find out! lol....Does that man know me or what!  First I will start with Cheryl who I think is the owner?  I called to place an order and Cheryl was so friendly and helpful, she told me she would make any kind of burger I wanted....what more could I ask for?  I told her what I like and she suggested the "PIT" burger which is a GIANT burger stuffed with cheese and mild peppers with just enough bite to give it a ZING....  The moment that burger entered the house I could smell how fresh and REAL the beef was!  Did I mention this is a GIANT burger?  Well....it is.  The burger was char grilled to a PERFECT medium rare!  As a rule of thumb I do not eat much meat but do enjoy a good burger and I found it...right here in Chandler.  The first bite filled my mouth with a blast of flavor.  And every bite that followed was equally as yummy as that first bite.  The burger comes with homemade chips which are quite good and not over seasoned.  I cant wait to try something else.  I give 4 stars....for now, until I try some other things.  If everything is as good as their burgers, they will  soon hold the COVETED 5 star rating, which I believe I have given only ONCE before!  Thank you Cheryl for reccomending such an awesome burger...we will be back.  I could go on and on but this is a MUST TRY, so if you are in the mood for an awesome burger experience at a fair price give it a try....you wont regret it!  and until then..........  Bon Appetite'
5 This is also a great place to eat and hang out.  They've got great food, and the owner is super friendly.  When I was in there, I learned about a super savings deal they have also.  When you wear your "sparky" gear and bring in your AZ Gold Savings Card, you can save 25% on your bill.  I thought it was a super, smoking devil of a deal myself.
2 I ordered pizza by the slice. I got 2 slices which were very greasy and the dough wasn't cooked through. Maybe it was just an off day for the kitchen. Don't know if I'll go back or not. I definitely won't go back for the pizza.
3 Hello again to all of you fellow foodies out there!  HAPPY HOLIDAYS  Ok, so we went back here a couple weeks ago and I have put off writing this because I really want this business to survive and I think with a few changes it could make it. We tried another stuffed burger, this time it was the one with feta.  Again, the meat was extremely good and fresh however....... (I bet you knew this was coming) lol..... the stuffed part I have some issues with.  Out  of 2/3 of the burger that I could finish, I actually tasted the feta and stuffings in 2 bites...other than that it was just meat....but good meat!  I had never had a stuffed burger before trying Devils Kitchen and in my mind I pictured a burger that oozed cheese and stuffings so in every bite you got all kinds of yummy tastes....  however the reality of these burgers is they stuff a small amount in the meat and cook it...  I would have enjoyed taking the one patty and putting toppings on the WHOLE patty then putting the top patty on and smooshing it together to close it up.  This way you get to taste the meat and fillings in each bite.... ok lets compare it to a burger in an random burger joynt....you get a patty with cheese on top and you taste cheese in every bite...not the case with a stuffed burger...or at least this stuffed burger.  We will be back but I think we will stay away from the stuffed burgers as the cost is more and other than more meat I dont see the point.  I would love all the readers to go and give it a try....it would be nice to walk in there and see the place filled with people!  Hang in there guys...you have a good concept it just needs some tweaking.  You lost a star, but time will tell.....you could get it back!  So, until next time..........  Bon Appetite'
2 Me and my hubby stopped by after seeing an ad in the New Times. I ordered the Juicy Lucy stuffed burger which was just supposed to be a hamburger stuffed with American cheese.   We came in on a Saturday around 7pm. The place was dead. Not one person in there waiting for food. We ordered and it took about 40 mins to get the hamburger. I realize the food is cooked to order but does it really take 40mins to cook a hamburger? Anyway.. our hamburgers came. I did have the two patties smashed together but there wasn't anything in between them. There was no American cheese stuffed inside my burger :(  So I had an extra huge thick burger with a thin slice of cheese on top (not American.. maybe Swiss or provolone?) then pickles and mustard but no American cheese to be found and definitely no American cheese stuffed inside my burger. I don't like to complain so I didn't ask the girl at the counter about it. Maybe they did put cheese in there but it totally disappeared once they cooked it because I could not see or taste any sort of American cheese at all.  The hamburger itself was ok but I was looking forward to the American cheese stuffed inside. I might try it this place again. They looked like they have a really good deli sandwich section. The girl working the front counter was very friendly and nice. I came from Casa Grande so I don't know if i would go out of my way to visit again but maybe if I'm in the area I'll stop by again.
4 Found this gem by mistake...went to find another place but when we pulled up there were no patrons inside so we came back to Devil's Kitchen.  We expected cajun but were so pleasantly surprised to find pizza, burgers, sandwiches, salads...we picked a white pizza, salad, and the spinich/strawberry salad.  We LOVED everything from the customer service to the food.  We are going back because we didn't have time to wait for the stuffed burgers but that's what we're trying when we go back!
4 Decided to give this place a visit after getting a coupon from val-pak. So glad we gave this place a shot! The service was very friendly & attentive. The food was very good & offered a good portion size. The one disappointment  was that the menu is posted on the wall, however the cashier didn't point out that there was a second menu further down the wall. I didn't discover this until I had already placed my order. Some of the items on the second menu looked appealing as well, so I was bummed that I didn't order something from that. However, that only means that I'll be back to try some of their other fare. I would recommend this and will be making return visits.
2 The Devils Kitchen, my first visit during lunch on a Saturday.  I was surprised to see I was the ONLY customer for some time.  I ordered their stuffed jalape単o burger with fries.  As advertised it did take about 15-mins before it was served.  The burger was much too large, cooked thoroughly, didn't really get to the jalape単os until last few bites though.  Two and half stars!!  Next time I think I will try their Angel Pizza Pie...looks delicious!
4 First time here and looks realy good and its in a nice little shopping center. The meatball sub was really good. The two girls that work here are very nice and helpful. They have a nice dessert selection. I will be coming back here to try out more of what they have. So far the food has been good I will update when I try more.
4 My girlfriend and I support this restaurant every weekend. She loves the burgers. I tried one of the stuffed burgers once and wasn't particularly impressed. Nothing wrong with it; just an average burger. The pizza, however, is fantastic. Excellent flavor with ingredients you can't choose from at other places. Just finishing up one of them now, and will absolutely be going back for one next weekend.
4 My buddy owns the restaurant next door and he said this place was really good for sandwiches and pizza so I decided to check it out. He was right, I ordered a turkey with avocado along with a barbecue pork with Havarty. Sandwiches came with fries and they were delicious. I think I will stop in again and try their pizza. The place is small for a restuarant but is setup very well and it feels bigger than it really is. Very enjoyable place to sit and grab a bite to eat. I will venture here again.
2 Decided to give this place a shot after receiving numerous door hangers and handbills.....  The place is designed a bit on the odd side but has plenty of open seating as well as a few booths. The menu is large with a great deal of variety, perhaps too much..  Walked in at 12noon on a Thursday- very quiet, I was the only one there. Decided to give their 'Famous' pizza a try and ordered two slices of pepperoni with a large Coke, only $5.99. The pizza is anything but amazing, lacked any real flavor and had the texture of something that had been reheated from the day before. So needless to say, avoid the pizza as there are better pizzerias in the area.   Staff appear to be nice but not sure I would have the sign flippers walking through during business hours.  Judging by the revues regarding their burgers here on Yelp, I may give that a try next but again there are plenty of burger joints around here already.
5 Why this place wasn't more busy I have no clue but I'm writing a good review in hopes it will stick around!    FRESH... really fresh... I could taste how fresh the beef was and the fries are hand cut and made daily.  Delish!  Margaritas - nom - $2 on Thursdays!    Love the stuffed burgers and multiple (rich gooey) cheese selections, I had a Havarti cheeseburger while my boyfriend mixed up a stuffed burger Voodoo style (blackened,  with bleu cheese and bacon in there somewhere).  If you want greasy bar grub, visit the Reef in the same plaza.  If you're seeking delicious, decadent casual food, this is your place.    We will definitely visit again and again... make sure you sign up to receive the weekly specials via text!   SECOND VISIT:  $1 Margaritas and $1 Pina Coladas!  On a SATURDAY!!! Heaven!  This time we tried the pretzel (omg I want to take one home and put a hot dog on it!) and the wings.  My boyfriend enjoyed the wings and he is picky.  He got this hot this time, and they were HOT - he said next time he'll try the honey hot -- which btw, is what the waitress suggested ;)   We ordered a pizza and my boyfriend could not stop raving about the pepperoni.  They use all Boar's Heads meats so that could explain it but we agreed that next time we are going to have to order sammies (mmmm!)  I also want to try the calzones!    I didn't mention the first time but the STAFF here is soooo sweet and attentive!  The owner came by to see how we were doing and was so kind I just really get the very best vibe out of this place.  I hear there are plans for a TV before football season so hurray!  Not a place that's loud and crazy and drunk but a casual atmosphere that's safe and clean and definitely worth the stop.    Going again this week to have a vegan friend try it! :D
5 I live in this area and have tried most burger joints out around here.  This is hands down the best burger i've had in the east valley.... ever.  Eat here!
4 The food was delicious! I had one of the stuffed burgers because you know, bacon. It was really juicy and everything a hamburger should be!  I also loved the French Fries.  The service was amazing, they even brought me a glass of Sweet Tea so I could see if I liked it before ordering it.  It was amazing, I usually drink plain iced tea with no sweetner but I really love good sweet tea.  It was a great experience!
2 Well, as much as I want to give this place a good review, I can't. I live and work right around the corner and went here for lunch 4 times. I LOVE a good Philly Cheese Steak, and this place had the best I've ever had in my life. If only they could get the order right.  First time, we went in and placed our orders at the counter. The place was completely empty. I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak, and my friend told me it comes with onions (would be nice of them to say so when someone orders, just to be clear). I asked for it without onions. My exact words were, "Cheese Steak, no onions. Just steak and cheese". I thought I was pretty clear.  We sat down and waited and after a reasonable time our order came. My cheese steak had peppers. I never asked for peppers. No big deal, I picked them out and the sandwich was excellent. I also got their home-made chips which were crispy and delicious.  Second time in, again, no one in the place at lunch time. I wanted to give the cheese steak a second try. I figured I'll be clearer this time. I ordered it, clearly stating "PLAIN CHEESE STEAK. NOTHING ELSE ON IT, JUST MEAT AND CHEESE". She even wrote it down for the cook! I watched her!   Guess what? It came with onions. Not one to send it back, I picked out the onions and enjoyed it anyway.  Third time, once again, no one in the place. Since I still haven't tasted the real PLAIN Philly Cheese Steak that I kept promising myself, I tried once again. Yet again, I made it clear that I wanted STEAK AND CHEESE - NOTHING ELSE! Again she wrote it down. Again they screwed up.   This time it was mushrooms. I was looking around for a hidden camera. I was really dumbfounded how this could keep happening to me! I can't imagine that they get too many orders correct if this has happened to me 3 out of 3 times!  Mystery of the empty lunchtime seats solved.  Although I swore I'd never go back, my friend talked me into it, and I am a sucker for truely good Philly Cheese Steak.  This time, before placing my order, I told the person taking my order that my last cheese steaks were not as I ordered them. I made my order SO CLEAR this time, that I was embarassed that I probably sounded arrogant to her. I said "All I want is steak and cheese, nothing else. No onions, no peppers, no mushrooms. Just meat and cheese." She asked "Chips or fries?" I ordered the chips. This time I saw her write it down and UNDERLINE it.  You guessed it. They screwed it up again, and this time in spades. There was no picking anything out. It was stuffed with onions, peppers, mushrooms, and God knows what else. And instead of chips, I got fries. I had it. I couldn't take it anymore. I sent it back, and waited another 15 minutes or so for my lunch.  What I got back was an undercooked pile of garbage. The sandwich had noticably less steak than normal the wrong kind of cheese (I have no idea what it was) which was barely melting, unlike previously when it was mixed well with the steak, and the "chips" were soggy slices of potatoes just oozing greese. They flopped all over the place and greese dripped down my fingers.   Right after receiving this crap the cook went outside for his break. Aparrently he was in a hurry and needed to show me that no one delays his break time!   My advice to Devil's Kitchen: Be a manager and fire people who can't get a single order right, and hire cooks who know how to read English. Especially at lunch. This is probably the most critical time for word-of-mouth advertising. The money you're saving by hiring these people is costing you a fortune. I would have been in your place so often we would have been on a first name basis if you had a clue.  Also, please get rid of the hand-written menus on the wall. They are cluttered and seem disorganized.  I almost gave one star, but the food is excellent, the staff at the counter very nice, and the atmosphere pleasant. However all that doesn't matter if you can't get what you order, ever. The service is so unbelievably bad, I'm just in awe. If the cook didn't catch the error and the person who actually took the order didn't catch the error, something's seriously wrong. Fix that and this will be one of the best places to go for lunch in the Chandler area.
2 My friend got the wrong sandwich ordered & my stuffed burger was just stuffed w/ mushrooms. Blue cheese dressing poured over top of burger making a mess.
1 Me and my wife used to love this place, it used to have such awesome burgers! i really enjoyed the Rodeo Stuffed Burger. it has bacon and cheese in the meat! Now its sad to say they don't put the love that they used to into the food, and things have been going downhill from our point of view. We do keep going back hoping it's like it was when it started out. But i'm sorry we are done with this place. they used to have a super nice lady that worked there that is gone now:( . we went there one day  and it was really sad to go there and see a sign that read...Closed during the summer. so we went back again for lunch, and it was closed for lunch too! it opens at 5pm now, i wonder how much business has gone down now. well we plan to go another day for dinner.  so finally dinner time! super excited to redeem this place! when i looked through the window,  all the staff is hanging out, sitting down with the owner. all the lights are off except for a select few making it really gloomy and dull. As we walk in, the staff scrambles to their feet and gets to work immediately. a little odd and unprofessional. The place was DEAD, nobody there to eat, drink, or anything. just completely dead. As we walk in, the lady yells "sit wherever you'd like!" we sit down, order drinks. We start looking around to see the changes made and noticed a full bar with about 6 beers on tap, crazy! why? because there's no bar. It's a full bar, without the actual bar. also the decor had a lot of propaganda of alcohol and beer now mixed with nice framed pictures? it just didn't jive. it'e nice, but at the same time its not. it's confusing. i also couldn't help but notice that the server mentioned nothing about the drinks, or if they had any specials, when happy hour is, anything! she failed to sell us or mention to us what looks like now the most important money making item in the place, alcohol! anyway. we ordered burgers. because they were so awesome at one point in time. she mentioned a 15 minute wait instead of the previous 30 minute wait from when we came before. we got the home made potato chips to go with them, and a friend got some fries with his. we also ordered the pretzel with cheese. the regular burger was partially cooked, partially not? the buns for the burgers went way down in quality over toasted and small. did not seem fresh at all. the home made chips were way over done like they just plopped them back into the fryer. my rodeo burger was cooked medium, lots of red meat, it seems as the quality of meat went down, it didn't taste good. or the cook just doesn't know what he's doing. the gorgonzola burger was cooked well done. and they didn't ask us how we wanted our burgers cooked, so when we got them and they were all different, it was concerning. the pretzel and cheese was a horrible loaf like pretzel that was microwaved, with jalape単o cheese. it was hard on the bottom and was just gross. we asked the lady how the pretzels were, and she said "we have had no complaints about them!" thats why we got them. and of course we we're starving! so we gobbled it up and held our noses!  45 dollars later and still kind of hungry we actually went somewhere else for yummy snack. 45 dollars seems like a lot of money for 3 burgers 3 fountain drinks and a pretzel.   all said and done, we won't be back. it's sad to see this business not do good. we really want to like this place, but just can't. if we get a wild hair we might try a pizza to go if this place lasts longer then a year.
5 Went to  Devils Kitchen tonight they just opened after being closed for the summer. It was absolutely delicious we had hamburgers pizza and wings the waitress Shelley was superb.  Can't wait to go back.
5 Review update! Glad that I was able to talk to Cherilynn and find out that I am still within the delivery area.  We had pizza and fried zucchini last night and yum yum. The slices are huge, the zucchini was amazing, I should have got two orders for my family of four cause they were just that good and they are good sized too.  Shelly was friendly and chit chatted with us while we were waiting for our order. For sure sticking with these guys and probably will be going in to visit to try some other things out on the menu.  If they had TVs we would be there every Sunday for football!
5 Pulled pork sandwich was good. Wasabi coleslaw had just the right amount of kick but didn't overwhelm the pork. Fresh made chips are a nice touch. Service isn't swift but moves along nicely. Seems to be a nice family business.
2 I used to love this place. When it first opened it was great, they had the most amazing desserts and stuffed burgers, then they changed the menu and replaced the desserts with alcohol. Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless. They used to deliver but stopped that as well. I don't understand why a place that served great food changes the best things about their place... Maybe they forgot, if it's not broke don't fix it. I give them a month before they close. Sad bc I used to brag all the time about how amazing they are and would send people there, now I don't even go...
