5 Great store! I'm starting to really love the Henri Bendel line!
3 Henri Bendel is sparkly, to say the least.  Sparkle fashion accessories, cosmetics, fragrances, candles, and sweet treats.  It's a one-stop shop for glam gifts.  They also have a huge selection of candles in, what seemed, dozens of fragrances.  But the best, best part is their jewelry and bags.  This is what they're known for and they don't disappoint.  They have dozens and dozens of really cool bracelets. I lusted after at least 12.  However, my heart sank when I saw the price.  They're a pricey $100 a pop but, this is stuff you'll keep for years.  It looks and feels like quality.  Charming Charlies, this is not.  Downside is the store is smallish and cramped.  This made is difficult to peruse the jewelry.  I'd definitely check this place out if you're looking for gifts and/or jewelry.
5 I've eyed this store every time I have been in the Fashion Show mall... I have always wanted to get my hands on a set of bangles or one of the yummy candles they burn by the registers.  On Black Friday, I ventured in to see what deals they had and I was immediately greeted by a very nice sales person.  He informed me of all the specials they were running that morning and allowed me to continued to peruse without hovering over me.  I spotted a purse, located him and he quickly priced it out with the discount and tax so there were no surprises at the register... and he even showed me another leather pattern that the purse came in which I loved even more!  Definitely impressed by the service I received at this store and even more so by my new purse.  Many women carry Coach around these days, so having a HB of my own definitely makes me feel a little unique.
5 I loved shopping here! The girls were very nice & helpful informing us of sales and helping us find exactly what we needed. The selection here is also very good
5 I wanted to personally thank Janine who helped my friend and I pick out not only amazing purses but some very cool jewelry and delicious travel candles.  It was our 1st trip to Henri Bendels' store and it was an amazing experience.  All of the staff was helping us in such a polite and professional manner, with no pressure to buy at all.  In the end, we both got FABULOUS new 2013 Fall Collection purses and have gotten tons of compliments on them.  My friends thought I'd spent $1,000 on my purse when I was in Vegas, they said it looks that expensive.  Wow, I got a deal then at $398 and I am very, very happy with the style, feel ( calfskin ) and look.    I'll definitely be back here the next time I am in Vegas & the Forum Shoppes!  Thanks again to all the staff that assisted us that night, excellent service!
4 We didn't mean to walk in her, but seeing the chandelier from the outside just lured me in! Love stripes, so this is the perfect place to pick up some goodies for yourself. Since it was the holidays, the staff was offering up goodies themselves- champagne and chocolates. Are you kidding me? I can sit in this store all day!   Lots of travel and makeup up bags, doggie accessories -how about a $200 pearl leash for little Roxy, my puppy. Wall to wall of handbags and Christmas gift novelty items of the original Henri Bendels store. I especially liked the snow globes with the doggie shopping and towers of gift boxes all around.   My friend purchased some travel toiletry cases in the traditional stripe with the hopes of purchasing the limited edition tote bag that was offered over the holidays. The service was excellent, considering we may have been the life of the store at the time. I will be checking in to this place on the next visit and maybe pick up some birthday presents.
4 Henri Bendel offers higher end quality accessories at a relatively reasonable price. There are bags, jewelry, pet accessories and candles.  Let's talk about the candles for a moment, shall we? The large jars burn forever, the burn cleanly and the scents are strong. Considering the overall quality, the large jar price of $30 is not bad, especially considering Yankee Candles (most of which smell like vanilla vomit to me) are in the same range.  Anyway, if you want a real bargain the HB Autumn Noir scent appears to be exactly the same as the Jo Malone Pomegranate Noir scent - and those candles are $75 each.   Staff here was very helpful, offering suggestions on what scents worked well together & what was popular. If you buy 4 of the large jars you save $5/candle.
