1 Garbage. Look at aros grill, the former name.
4 First and foremost, this is a SPORTS BAR.  This is not cuisine at it's finest, it's bar food.  And hot bar food at that!!  Had the potato skins and the green chili burger, the skins were hot and fresh, and the burger had real green chilis under the monterey jack cheese.  Beer is cold and tastes fresh, I'm rating this high on the sports bar scale.  Monday Night Football was playing on the big screen, and there were flat panels on every corner.  There is a small stage set up for a band, I presume on Friday-Sunday nights.  It looked like we were sitting in the middle of the dance floor, because we were.  This is redneck at it's finest!!  I'll be back again!!
1 From the outside it looked like a good place to cowboy food. Turned out to the the worst bar food ever. My boyfriend ate the Chicken Parmesan and it made him very stomach sick. My patty melt tasted like a sponge soaked in clarified butter. The burger had no flavor and the grilled onions were mush. Add to the experience, a waitress who did not care.
5 Just had the 1/2 pound burger and fries, yummy.   Looks like a lot of the reviews on this site is from friends of other restaurants nearby trashing the place.   The burger took me back to Bob's Big Boy days of my youth in Scottsdale, AZ.   Cooked to order, medium well, I will go back and order that one again.
2 Might be good for the over 40 crowd but was a little lame for me. Tried the sriracha wings & they were pretty tasty but other then that this place just isn't worth another visit
2 Prices are really cheap, but bad interior. Beers is warm and live band is not good. A lot older crowd than expecting for Saturday night. Average age is 50+    Didn't eat because entire appetizer menu is deep fried, but the prices were good, just wish beer was cold.
3 I don't want to leave a bad review here, it may be a great place for the crowd it attracts. My girlfriend and I went here to scope out the place since this is the only bar walking distance from both of our places. As girls in our mid twenties, I can say this place is a no go. The first thing I noticed when we walked in was the smell. It was strange; the closest thing that comes to mind is "nursing home." We ordered a drink, listened to the live music for a minute or so and left. The obviously older crowd, however, seemed to be having a great time.
5 Awesome food & great friendly staff. Awesome new owners,  this is definitely NOT the old Aros Grill.  A definite must try...
5 Our favorite little bar down the street. Cold beer for cheap prices. Good food and a good sized menu, I like the western burger. Karaoke is here on Tuesday nights with Dave! Live bands on wednesday through Saturday. We love Johnny the bartender, but every bartender has been awesome.
2 Had dinner at the bar.
4 We are not big fans of sports bars, so I am not rating the environment, only the food and the service. We came here due to a coupon we had... that is how we try new places. We both had the meat loaf Thursday special, I wish we would have ordered one meat loaf and one sandwich, we were considering the spicy chicken sandwich.  Dinner was OK, I am not a big fan of meat loaf either, not sure why I decided on it, but it has bacon on top and that made for it. It was smothered on gravy, which I do not like much either, came with mashed potatoes and green beans (lately I eat my green beans lightly sauteed, so these felt way over cooked, but they were still good, with bacon and onion... so far all this is 3 stars or so.  However, we noticed the menu said they make their home made chili beans with chorizo, and since my hubby is a big fan of chorizo, we decided to order a cup just to give it a try. I believe it was $3.5 for a cup, and $5.99 for a bowl.  Well, the chili arrives and it is bigger than we expected, that was between 1.5 or 2 cups... it had cheese on top and raw onions. It looked good, and very reasonable portion... actually we were both thinking maybe we mistakenly got a bowl instead of a cup. Hubby had like half and he loved it. He said 5 stars out of 5. He saved the leftovers for a breakfast burrito : )  Lastly, our server Jill was very friendly and attentive.  This place is not close to home but we would probably stop here again if we are in the neighborhood... or craving chili beans. : )  **I noticed they are open for Breakfast on weekends, we may give that  a try too...
5 Stopped in to try the food. I own a restaurant so I look at things a little differently. Clean and comfortable, nice place. Had the rib special, and it was really, really good. Lacy the bartender was attentive without smothering you. All in all, a great lunch.
