1 I've written this out so many times and each time it goes on waaayyyyyy to long. So let me put it this way. Truly the most disappointing experiences I've had with a health provider. They're so-called communication would be laughable if not for making my life so God damned difficult! Whenever they make mistakes, and in my case, they make a lot, they blame it on Goodman & Partridge being in a different building and so they get lots of things wrong because they can't effectively communicate. I'm so tired of that excuse because it has become clear that they have no intentions of making that system any better and therefore reducing confusion and their mistakes. They appear to like blaming all and everything on what I believe is try a benign inconvenience and one they really could fix and improve on, if they wanted to, but they obviously don't.  After speaking to their triage nurse on Saturday, related to increasing pain due to my need for surgery on Tuesday...  Oh. Wait. I have to get this out there too. I'm told by Dr. Grier this past Wednesday that I need surgery. I ask when. She says they'll call next week. I return a call from their scheduler Thursday. No one calls me back. I call again Friday. She asks if I ate anything or took my medicine? Yes I have, why? Oh darn, she wanted me to come in for the surgery? WHAT? I don't have anyone to come with me as this is no notice at all. She says, but your in pain. I say, no kidding, still, I have nothing prepared. I was told next week. She says to go in on Saturday. Fine. I call my fiancé and he gets the day off. She calls me back hours later explaining that while she was waiting on some other doctor to agree to my surgery, as it would not be dr. Grier, she lost my Saturday slot and now I'm to come in on Tuesday. I really wish she had her act together before putting me through all this bs but fine. Tuesday. Fine.  So the triage nurse gave me instructions related to pain medicine and assured me that she would note my record so on Monday Dr. Grier would see her notes and make the appropriate adjustments for me.  I came in for my appt. At 11:10 for the sole purpose of taking care of my medicines before surgery tomorrow. My pain doctor already knew dr. Grier and had already okayed her writing me certain scripts as she had already done so only two weeks ago without a problem and before I had told my pain specialist about her. NOW, I had not only spoken to my pain specialist, I got the exact numbers of medicine that they were comfortable with her writing for.  So. Everything was in order. I was there for my appt and better prepared even than last time. So easy peasy, right? WRONG!! After nearly 45 minutes of waiting and watching patients who came in after me go in and then come out again, I asked about my appt. I was told that she was backed up, that there was no notes from the triage nurse from the weekend (but that was normal. Did I know this happens all the time because the triage and appointment people are at different locations? UGH!) and they didn't even know why I was there to begin with, although I had an appt at 11:10. I calmly explained (for the 4th time to these frigin people) that I was there to pick up my pain medicine as I was going to be a drooling fool tomorrow and I wanted to be certain that everything was arranged as my particular situation may make another doctor, as the surgeon who will care for me tomorrow might and who doesn't know me as Grier does, confused. I even tell her the okayed doses and amounts from my pain doctor are. I even offer that she can skip my time if she could just kindly write out the script, like she did two weeks ago, and I would happily return to my bed and heating pad. She disappears for 20 minutes. Upon her return, I am informed that she won't and she said there was no explanation. Of course there wasn't, there was no reason to say no if she understood the entire matter. Which she didn't. Without being in the room I already know what quite likey happened. She mish mashed my entire message and as apparently the triage notes were gone she had no idea of the entire scenario. Plus, it was almost lunch time. I decided to stay and explain myself to her face to face. I was assured that my place in line was as it was before, she would see me next for sure. Appointment arrival 11:05 - Appointment time 11:10 - Told I was next 11:55 - brought into room 11:59 - Sat in agonizing pain until 12:50ish - Stormed out a minute later. Staff are shocked that I was not seen yet but helpless to do anything as the "doctors do their own thing." I really don't know what the hell that means. You mean to tell me that no one could run back to the lunchroom and kindly remind her that her patient had waited two hours for her and was in too much pain to wait any longer? Apparently they couldn't, as they didn't even apologize as I exited the office. Truly horrible! If I didn't need this surgery 2 weeks ago I would completely wash my hands of this place!!
4 I called the office at 9:00a.m. And was offered an appointment for the same day! I was expecting to have to wait at least a few days!  I arrived at exactly the time of my appointment.  I was discombobulated when I walked into the office. There is no receptionist area. There is no partition between "us (patients)" & "them(medical people". There was a staff person sitting in the beautifully appointed lobby working on an iPad when I entered. She didn't smile but said, "are you here for an appointment?", which oddly enough I was! She handed me a clipboard & instructed me to complete the forms with nary a smile. While waiting I observed several staff interacting warmly with other patients instantly impressing me!!  I waited less than 10 minutes in the comfy chair before surly nurse entered the doorway & said, "I'm ready for you now."  No smile. No emotion- think Lurch.  I was taken to a simply decorated but clean exam room where I was asked the usual questions.  I waited less than 5 minutes for the physician to enter the room. Dr . Grier was personable and professional. She was thorough!! My appointment lasted just shy of 2 hours ( I was her last appointment of the day). I feel comfortable with her knowledge and recommendations. I didn't feel assaulted by her physical exam (ladies you know what I mean!).  The final portion of my visit was lab work. The phlebotomist acted as if she had been vaccinated with pickle juice. She said neither hello nor goodbye. She did not acknowledge my tears as my blood was being drawn. She was unprofessional at best and uncaring at least. * of note I know she doesn't work for MomDoc, she is employed by the lab*.  I will definitely return to this doctor despite the staff but I can assure you- Atilla will never touch me again!!
2 Dr. Freeman is one of the best I've been to, but her staff has been so awful both times I've been here. The first time, her MA was looking for my baby's heartbeat in my ribs & said it didn't have a heartbeat, there was something wrong. (There obviously wasn't!) The second time, I went in to find out my baby's gender. The ttech came out 20 minutes earlier than she said she would & would not wait for my family to get there. So I was all alone. I tried to video call my husband so he could at least see it because she wouldn't wait for him to get there. She told me what I was having before he answered & shut of the machine before he even answered. I crowd my eyes out & Dr. Freeman asked her to take me back to show my parents a picture at least. This time the babies legs were crossed so she was hitting my stomach with the scanner to get him to move. After 30 seconds she was done & told my parents the babies leg was his penis. She shut the machine off again. No pictures, no video, nothing!! Then we left & she raced me out of the parking lot! Thanks Mom Doc for spoilling a moment I can't ever get back!! What a terrible afternoon!
