5 I was referred to Todd through a friend and super glad to make the connection! Trophy is a new shop in Vegas but their staff is the cream of the crop from around town. Todd was top tech at Gaudin Porsche and he hired on top techs from other shops in town.Todd is a great guy and I received superb service for my Mercedes.   This is a shop for people who love cars. The whole crew is in to tuning, car culture, having fun in cars, and it shows in the work they do. I chatted to Todd about Porsches and he provided a huge amount of insight into the best models to own, what to do to them and which were his favorites. Because of that conversation, I am shopping for a Porsche 911! And I will only bring it to Trophy Performance for service too.   Highly recommend this shop for service, trusted advice.
5 I  had the pleasure of  bringing my baby Porsche (VW)  to Trophy today.  What a fantastic, clean shop, with friendly, knowledgable and helpful people!  The whole experience was professional and I didn't leave feeling taken advantage of.  I loved looking at all the amazing cars while I was waiting....though not for long, my car was diagnosed and fixed in record time! I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking for a reasonable mechanic with a pro's touch!
5 Trophy Performance is your one stop shop for all you automotive needs. They have the most advanced equipment as well as the most knowledgeable staff. This premier shop spans from your basic oil change to your complete engine rebuild. They have a full Detail Studio as well as the top Glass specialists in Las Vegas. If you looking for window tint or paint protection, look no further! There is no reason to take your vehicle to the dealer as Trophy Performance only uses OEM parts and fluids to maintain your vehicle to factory standards. I was impressed that they were even able to accept my extended warranty on my vehicle and that I did not have to take it to the dealer. The days of the dealer doing any extended warranty work are the thing of the past. Thank you Trophy Performance for an extremely clean and mechanically sound vehicle upon pick up. A++++++++   Next vehicle and service will be very soon!!!!   Thanks again !!!
5 I recently had Todd at Trophy Performance replace the bushings on my Audi as well as had some H&R Springs installed. Not only did they get the job done in a timely manner, they were friendly and very knowledgeable of what all I was getting done on my car. The staff was very nice and informative, clean shop, just all around good people. Highly recommend them!!!
5 I don't write reviews, but the experience I just had at Trophy Performance deserves recognition.  For context, I have over 30 years of horror stories of getting burned by dealers and local repair shops (we all do, right?).  I just relocated to Vegas and needed some service done to my 2006 911 and was wary of what I would find.  I was fortunate to find Trophy on Yelp.  I would describe myself as hyper critical when it comes to my car: I want the best service.  Period.  And this is the first time in 30 years where the experience exceeded my expectations.  I can confirm the other positive reviews here: this is a 5 star shop, from first contact to pick-up everything was extremely professional and first class.  You never feel like you're getting talked down to, manipulated or screwed over (i.e. the typical dealer experience).  I came here based on owner Todd's background and he not only knows these cars front to back, he took the time to explain things and judging from the grease on his hands at the end of the day, did most of the work himself.  Prices were reasonable (far, far lower than what the dealer would charge), service was far above expectations.  Shop is spotless and state-of-the-art.  If you're a Porsche owner, I don't know why you'd go anywhere else.  They also service most other makes.  I can't recommend them highly enough.
5 Seeing so few reviews and all being 5 stars, I was very skeptical. I'm glad I was wrong. Todd and Sara were just wonderful and I can't believe how efficient and pleasant their service was. The facility is impeccable and this was one of the best service experiences I ever had and not just regarding auto repairs.  The billing was straightforward and much cheaper than I anticipated. I will no longer have the anxiety of being ripped off normally associated with auto service as long as I take my car to Trophy. Thanks guys!!
5 Todd and his crew did great work on my Porsche, including troubleshooting a problem that others could not track down. They were already recommended to me by several friends and I would endorse them to anyone with a Porsche or exotic car.
5 I know.. Another 5 star rating but what can I say. Here is my Sob story, (though this is not about a SAAB mobile).   I moved here from SoCal 5 years ago. I had THE BEST 911 mechanic in the world there until he passed away unexpectedly. RIP Stanley. I still took it to that shop until I moved here. So now I have to find a new place. YUK.     I tried two other places that said they could work on my 1988 911. One place could but has such an arrogant owner I won't go there anymore after one so-so engagement and one really stupid encounter. The other place I tried said they could work on my car but totally misdiagnosed my problem AND charged me a fee to do it. AWFUL experience.     So, I call everyone I can think of until someone recommends Trophy and says that one of their employees, Jim, has worked on these cars for YEARS. It turns out that Todd, the owner, also has a lot of experience with these mobiles. So off I go to Trophy. What a nice experience to have.They diagnosed my problem correctly, brought me in to look at everything with my car in the air and they have a wonderful garage to work in. They also gave me a list of things they would fix on the car, (which was needed as I have pretty much ignored taking it anywhere unless I had to for the last 9 years since my buddy passed away). I got a bunch of stuff fixed along with the oil leak I brought it in for and it drives like it did when I bought it 23 years ago.     If you have ANY kind of Porsche this is the ONLY place in Vegas to bring it. I have already referred two other "older" Porsche owners there who had the exact same problem of not finding anyone they felt comfortable with working on their 911's. One is a 1978 SC and one is an old school 1990 or '91 Carrera 4.     Please feel free to message me if you need anymore info. My rating is an A+++++++ for Trophy Performance.
5 Todd the owner is a great guy! They make you feel welcomed and the best part is they only specialize in Porsche's.. If you're a Porsche owner and aren't coming to these guys, you are wrong! No seriously tho, try this shop out..
1 These Guys Suck. Don't believe the upsell. Totally will rip you off!! there so called  inspection. With not knowing anything about my Turbo he trashed it to a potential buyer!!! Made totally unprofessional claims as if by walking around the car he could tell the history of the car. Total ego Asshole... Easy to have all good post when your friends are doing it.
5 How to undo the nightmare of a previous mechanic? Take it to a dream weaver! Finally a CORRECT diagnosis of an electrical issue that has plagued my car for years! New alternator, all electrical systems checked, car detailed (Thank you to the Specialists on site), timely review, sensible bill, explanation and good prognosis for the future!  If you want a friendly staff, a professional diagnosis and a  pleasant experience, I would highly recommend Trophy!
