4 Had a very nice experience with this spa.  I had completed services on a Saturday afternoon, atmosphere was clean and air fragrance was pleasant (didn't smell of nail product). Prices were what u would expect in the competitive area basic Pedicures range from 25 -52. I had the 42 discounted at 10% = 38 for a 52 minute pedi.  My foot care was extremely enjoyable. Would definitely return in the future.
1 Got a gel manicure there on Monday 01.28.2012, by that evening it was chipping.  Today, Thursday, 01.31.2012, 6 1/2 nails have had the color peel off.  Also, the color has yellowed.  The guy that did the manicure fiiled my nails after the color was put on.  Not sure, never saw that before.  He is also pretty rough, I felt quite man handled when I left.  That was my first and last trip to that salon.
5 So, I'm here visiting my sister and I'm from Vegas. This place is better than ANY place I've tried in Vegas.. And trust me I've been to a LOT. I asked for an extra 5 minutes for massage on my legs for my pedicure and they legit gave me about 20 minutes on each leg!! Oh my gosh it was absolute heaven. It's Black Friday but they got us right in and were SUPER nice. Customer service was great and we will be returning every time I come to visit. Loved it. Clean and friendly!
4 I have been to this salon more times than I can count, and for the most part I have walked away satisfied. Normally, the wait is fairly short and all of the employees do a phenomenal job.  Once or twice I have felt like I didn't get my money's worth and once they royally messed up my eyebrows. But beyond those few exceptions, I really like the result after I go here.  The most recent time, I got French tips on my actual nail (non-acrylic) and I really liked the outcome. I would prefer, however, to get what I ask for without someone trying to talk me out of it. For example, today I was pushed to get red sparkly nail polish. I had to say "no" about 4-5 times before that was accepted and I got what I asked for.  That being said, I really like how my nails turned out: simple and elegant, just what I asked for.
5 Been going here for as long as I remember. They're like family and always do an amazing job!
5 Gorgeous, CLEAN & friendly salon!! Everyone at Gelish Nails is very polite, helpful and does great work.  I have had pedicures, gel manicures, acrylic nails & waxing at this salon and have never been disappointed in the outcome.  It does get busy, and you may have to wait if you don't have an appointment.  I've been going here over a year and absolutely love it.  Best salon & best pricing in the area!
