5 AMAZING PEOPLE! They provide great services in grooming and boarding, and today they just warmed my heart. They donated their time to help an abandoned dog, on a holiday no less. If your looking for exceptional care and people to groom or board your loved furry friends, Planet Petopia is it!!!!!
1 I recently moved to the neighborhood and was looking for a new place to board my dog.  I found Planet Petopia and scheduled a visit to examine the facility.  I visited with the owner, and toured the place before agreeing to board my dog.  I left for vacation and boarded my dog for four nights, when I returned, what I first thought turned in to the worst experience I could have imagined.  I took food and my dogs dog bed for him to lay on instead of the filthy freezing concrete floors.  When I arrived to pick my dog up, the dog had not been fed one bite of his food, meaning I have no idea what he ate for four days, but his bed also was missing from his kennel.  In his kennel there was nothing, he had nothing to lay on.  I then realized the reason he had nothing to lay on was because his bed had been given to another dog to lay on while he was left a cold concrete floor with nothing.  In addition, I had asked that my dog drink only from his water bowl I provided, as that is the best way for dogs to transmit illness.  When I picked him up, his food, his water bowl and the few treats I provided were sitting on the same shelf they were the day I dropped him off...they had not once been touched.    So let me explain in detail what I paid for.  I paid for my dog to be thrown in to a filthy kennel with a freezing concrete floor, he was fed either 1) nothing at all or 2) some cheap food; he slept for four nights on a cold filthy floor while another dog lounged in his bed, and he drank from water bowls every other dog in the facility also drank from, which means if any other dog had worms, etc. my dog was exposed as well.  I washed his bed now twice since picking him up, my dog still will not lay in it.  My dog hid in my spared bedroom when I brought him home because he was so timid from the boarding at this place.  My dog is a 12 year old dog who literally is thrilled with a milkbone, a tap on the head, and his bed.  I don't treat my dog like some spoiled child.  So when I am writing that this is the worst boarding experience of my life, I am doing so so any of you considering this place realize how utterly awful it was.  My dog would have been better off staying in my backyard for four days.  Dogs at the pound are better cared for than they are at this place.   If you care at all for your dog, this is the last place you should consider taking him.   When I realized my dog's bed was in another dogs kennel the owner looked at me and said "Sorry".     I don't know what the other two reviewers here on yelp experienced, but if you want to take your dog somewhere that he will be thrown in any random kennel with a freezing filthy concrete floor and fed who knows what, than this place is for you.  I care too much for my dog to subject him to this terrible place ever again.
5 This place has been bumped around to several new owners/management and I HOPE the newest crew is here to stay!  I've been boarding my insanely aggressive English mastiff here for years and have seen all the new tenants; some good, some terrible. About a year and a half ago Tiger went for a stay and the new tenants at the time promptly told me upon pick up that he was a terrible dog and he was banned from the place unless I agreed to have him in intensive one on one training for his stay next time.   That being said, I did everything I could for him to not go back.. Until my husband and I got married a week ago. I called to see if the people would even accept him (and how much the stupid training was going to be) and was relieved that new owners had taken over. The lady I spoke to was super kind on the phone.   My husband and I dropped off Tiger with his bag of toys and the owner had us lead him back to his kennel since we know he's aggressive around new people. I was shocked when she led me to a suite! Immediately I asked how much more this would be.. She responded "Same price! I hate to see the big guys in the smaller runs, it's not their fault they're big!"   I was floored. He had two 10 x 10 rooms with clean water and kibbles waiting, two elevated beds stocked with blankies (and then she went to retrieve MORE blankies to cushion up the beds!) and then he had a clean outdoor area to relieve himself.   These accomodations were SO much better than the 3' x 10' cement run he'd stayed in times past. I typically leave the place feeling guilty that my dog will be miserable, but this time I was pretty confidant he was going to have a blast.   Upon our return the owner reported that Tiger had been a perfect angel. People had gone in and out of his suite with no issues whatsoever and she had even treated him to some peanut butter in his favorite toy. When I went back to get Tiger I was greeted by a bounding excited, happy boy, and his kennel was spick and span clean.   I'm SO SOO incredibly happy with the new owners of the place. They seem to truly love dogs and go out of their way to make sure yours will be happy and comfortable. They also help out a local rescue by providing low cost board and assistance with placement and foster.. Good karma all around.   (The NEW) Planet Petopia easily gets 5 stars and beyond!
1 I had shopped around for a boarding facility for my dog. Found this place, went in for a tour loved it, it was clean and people very nice! I made the appointment for drop off signed all papers needed-- VERIFIED my drop off date 3 times because it was Memorial Day. The morning of the drop off I called numerous times with no answer, went over there sign said CLOSED!! We had a trip plan to leave in 3 hrs an in a last moment I had to find care for my dog THANK GOODNESS for Petsmart doggie hotel!! I left messages with each phone call an never got a response?! So seriously is there people there with the pets?! Petsmart was AHHHMAZING an guess what EVERYTIME I called someone answered an they didn't leave me hanging!!
