5 Very good!  Had the spinach enchilada and shrimp cerviche,
4 I am glad something opened up here in the old El Rico's spot, and it is very good. I was going to order a carne asada burrito but the kid, errrr, waiter serving me suggested that I should have the chimi with red sauce. Good choice. It was extremely good. Red salsa and hot salsa weren't that great, but the green was delicious. I will be back, maybe tomorrow night hehe.  No alcohol permit yet, in case you feel like a marg.
4 The service was AWESOME!!! The food was great!! Portions were a little too small for me,  but I'll definitely be back!!   Hopefully they have an alcohol license now... :-)
5 I have been there twice. No liquor. Today being 11/21/12 I called them and they do have their liquor license. They have 2 kinds of Margaritas, beer and wine.  We are going there for dinner tonight.
5 So glad Yelp helped me find this place - had the chicken enchiladas suizas - very tasty - green sauce was just right - not smothered or over-powered - beans were a little burnt tasting but the rice was great
3 10/2/12... First time here. Nicely decorated little restaurant. Nice patio area also. We were here on Tuesday night. Very quiet.   The don't have alcohol license yet. But we were told they should have it soon.   Ordered safe for first time. Chicken Enchilada Suiza. And Chicken Chimichanga.  Also Queso Fundido for appetizer.  The food was just average. The Fundido was a little greasy.   There is no alcohol served at this time.  Not that this is a requirement, but just for informational purposes.  (Please note date of my visit as this may have changed since.)  A nice little place for a quick meal. Nothing that I would go out of my way for.   Also, they have very nice outdoor garden area. Be interested to see if they actually put this along with the upstairs balcony area to use.
5 This place is great! Great service and the food was amazing. I had the Ranchero Shrimp Tacos. The sauce was delicious. The horchata is the best I've tasted. Definitely will be returning soon.
4 Awesome service, tasty food, strong margaritas, what more could you ask for?  We had the chicken quesadilla to start, and I had the chicken tortilla soup.  I did have to add salt to the soup and also threw in some salsa to kick it up a notch on the spice factor, but overall 2 thumbs up.  We'll likely be back.
2 If you're looking for authentic mexican - this is NOT the place for you.  If you are looking for a Tex Mex BBQ joint masking as a Fine Mexican restuarant this IS the place for you.  We tried the shredded beef tacos and shredded pork burro.  The tacos were good - not as good as Los Dos Molinos or Guedo's though.  The burro had so much BBQ sauce I could only eat about 1/3 before I gave up.  The rice was delicious and the refried beans were ok - a little too much BBQ sauce again.  The chips and salsa were good.  Drinks were a little expensive - $4.25 for Dos Equis.  Service was almost too effecient.  It seemed they wanted us out of there quickly - never asked if we wanted another drink and kept coming back to clear plates.  Very nice service staff, simple atmosphere, nice patio,  prices a little too high.  Not authentic enough for me to return.
5 Good food,  good service,  good music,  good experience
5 Casa De Mina. The old El Rico's building.  I came for lunch. Decor was warm and inviting. Staff was friendly. I ordered a cheese enchilada with red sauce from the lunch menu. The service was quick and the enchilada was EXCELLENT.  I also got a Margarita. YUM. I will be back. SECRET MENU order a Carne Asada Chimichanga with red sauce. Old El Rico's patrons; you are missing out if you haven't visited.
1 If it were an option to give zero stars, I would.  My wife and I heard good things about this place so we figured we'd try it out.  Upon arrival we waited fifteen minutes to be seated (not too big a deal). After being seated our waiter came by after about five minutes and took our drink order( two waters and a horchata) after 10 minutes we got our drinks (too long in my opinion) we waited 20 minutes for our waiter to come back and take our order (too long in my opinion) After placing our food order it finally came out after waiting for 30 minutes (way too long). Here is where I started to get agitated. I ordered a carne asada burrito with no salsa fresca and no garnish. It came out with garnish but before I could say anything our waiter took off. I figured I would just move the lettuce and tomato over to the side of the plate and eat my burrito minus some sauce and cheese. I took a bite and nearly gagged as it was full of onions and other things in their salsa fresca. Once again I ordered the burrito without salsa fresca and garnish. I waited 18 minuts for the waiter to come back and ask how everything was. I told him that I ordered my carne asada burrito without salsa fresca and garnish. He apologized and took it back. 12 minutes later he brought me back a burrito with garnish on the side which I didn't want but at least it wasn't on the burrito this time. Then I cut the burrito and noticed it wasn't a carne asada burrito. They made me a shredded beef burrito with salsa fresca. Instead of waiting for my waiter  to come back or a server to get him, I went and found him and POLITELY explained that my order was wrong again. I asked if I could please have a carrne asada burrtio, no salsa fresca and no garnish to go ( at this point we had been there over two hours and missed our showtime. I was starting to get angry as I waited for 10 minutes and still did not have my order. I asked my wife if she would mind payng the bill because I needed to go outside and walk off my frustration. She called after I had been outside for fifteen minutes to tell me that they brought me a carane asada chimichanga with salsa fresca so she had to reorder again. After another ten minutes,  she came outside with a carne asada chimichanga (four times and they never got it right) Here is the kicker, they charged us full price!!! I paid full price for food I never ordered. The waiter was nice and explained there was a huge party outside and they had new cooks. I understand that part but 4 TIMES!!!! and you charge me full price? REALLY? This is the absolute worst customer experience I have ever experienced.
2 Red salsa had a nice flavor but zero spice. Green salsa was a bit bland. Asked for the hot salsa, which is definitely spicy, but not a lot of flavor.   Meals were average. (1) The bolillo (bread for the torta) was a tad try and just not up to par and that spoiled the torta. (2) The chile rellenos were good but the red sauce a bit bland. (3) The taco salad was very good and the chicken inside was great but it was way too small and person left quite hungry after. (4) The spinach enchiladas were bland and lacked flavor.   Service was erratic. Tortilla chips were brought quickly but we had to ask for salsa  five minutes later because it had yet to come. Then we had to ask for napkins and silverware. Only the silverware came and we again had to ask for napkins.   Not going back too soon. Other family members have had a good experience so we'll eventually try it again. There was a very large party there on the night we dined but no excuses allowed.
5 I liked this place a lot. I had fun eating outside on the patio. Red and green salsa taste great - but are not hot. I'm a wuss, so this worked out well - the flavors are great on both of them. They make both of them in house as well.  Really, get here. They need more business so they can grow into something even better than they are now!
4 Went here on a whim with my husband. We were going to the Deli on San Tan Blvd but they were closed because the owners were on vacation. Pleasantly surprised! Food was delicious, cooked well and ambiance was great. Cute little spot out in the middle of nowhere! Really enjoyed our chicken/beef enchiladas and chimichanga with two margaritas. Will definitely return, servers were great and food/drink was reasonably priced. The only things that were a little off were that a little spider that we saw on our tablecloth and there were cobwebs in the door frame where we were sitting.
2 I hate to leave a two star review for this restaurant, but I believe in being honest.  First a couple of positives:  --The atmosphere is great.  Really nice decoration and ambiance; a pleasant place to sit and enjoy a meal.  --Wait staff was very attentive.  So why the two stars?  The food was simply not Mexican.  Not to say it was bad (well, it wasn't great either), but it was most definitely not the Mexican cuisine of which my wife and I are so fond.  We just moved down from Seattle, WA where I have had much better Mexican.  Being so close to the border, I expected more from our first Mexican food experience here in Arizona.  I think what should have tipped me off is that I didn't see a single Hispanic person on the staff.  So, really, this is more like a white-person's take on Mexican-inspired cuisine.  Maybe it could be re-classified as "Vaguely-Mexican Food".  I WILL go back though and will update this review if anything changes.
2 Well where to start this is the 4th time I've been to this restaurant and each time something new (and worse) is experienced.  We were the 1st table to be seated at 6:15 PM on a weekday "so that tells a story".  The food is usually pretty good (very bland) for mex taste though.  The salsa is super mild (like diced tomatoes) but I guess that's better than choking hot. They serve in a condiment size bowl (we had 4 at our table) and had to ask at least 6 times for refills.  Chips very hard but ok, served in a wicker basket also very small (we had to have refills at least 4 times), oh !! did I mention we also had to ask for refillls.  The 2 waiters never did anything refills, clean off dirty dishes or ask if wanted more coke refills at any time. " we had to ask for them". BAD especially when it wasn't busy AT ALL !!  We asked for sour cream (1 dollup) which cost $1 (wow can you spare it).  The cheese crisp was cool not hot and definitely not crispy..Just like we got melted cheese no tortilla base at all !!.  Unfortuntaley, we would like to recommend (nice decor and food itself was decent but the service NOT) the far SE Valley needs this type of clean and decor for mexican dining.  To many fast food type going up all the time. But, we all know unless they spiff up the service they will always have a empty dining room.   UNHAPPY IN GILBERT RESIDENT
4 I joined Yelp just to write a review of this place. My wife and I visited for the first time a few months ago and have been back several times since. I'm not a big fan of the usual Mexican fare that comes standard at most places; enchiladas, flautas, chile rellano, not my cup of tea. While Casa de Mina does have similar items on their menu, they also have refreshingly different choices. The salmon with mango salsa is outstanding, and the seafood tacos are unbelievable.
4 Well I drove from Ahwatukee to QC to check this place out with a local San Tan Friend. It's really out there (distance wise) but well worth the drive. Good pour on the house margaritas and good drink as well. The food was presented well, hot and delicious. I most likely would have given it a 5 star but I have to say even though it was overcast that day they need to turn the AC up a bit....I was glowing (and not from pleasure of the food) throughout the meal - Wouldn't want to experience it on a full sun / hot day for sure unless then they aren't so frugal with the A/C.....phew!  Oh, the salmon and mango tacos rocked ! Good "chips" too....with the salsa...
4 Three and a half stars but Yelp doesn't allow halfs. We used to come here when it was El Rico's and were bummed when it closed. We've been jonesing for a new local place.   The service was good and attentive.  My margarita was pretty strong and tasty.   The salsa they put on the table is extremely mild but if you ask for hot they bring out a salsa verde that doesn't mess around! I'm not a wimp when it comes to spice but I mixed it with the red.   I got the carne asade and enjoyed it. The meat was a little on the salty side on its own but good with all the accompaniments. My dining partner ordered the chicken chimi and said it was good but nowhere near as good as Jim's Burros on Ocatillo.   Atmosphere is good except we didn't like the Mexican elevator music. All tables have tablecloths, which I associate with more formal establishments. That's not a complaint, just an observation.  We'll definitely go back and try other things. Outdoor dining will be nice once it cools down.
5 Great place. Good Food!!. Glad we found this place. Server and staff were attentive, but not hovering. It is a step above casual, but not formal. All of the tables have tableclothes, which we found nice. Red salsa is not spicy at all, but if you ask for the Hot Salsa it is HOT. I mixed some of the Hot into the red and it was great. Green salsa is good. My wife had the Salmon and said it was very good. I had Shrimp taco, Fish taco, rice and beans. it was very good also. We will definitely be back again.
1 We called ahead of time, but they refused to take our order over the phone (we were a large group in a hurry). Our waitress insisted she could get us in and out quickly, but didn't. Service was slow and the waitress was anything but friendly. At the end she even got upset with our big group when we asked for separate checks... will not go again!
3 The hostess are very helpful and friendly. The servers are hit or miss. The nachos are great! The salads are fresh and have great presentation. The ambience is nice but wish they would enhance their drink menu. The margaritas are not very good. This place has a lot of potential!
2 I really wanted to be blown away by this place.  Although it is better than the previous restaurant in this location, El Rico, it fell w-a-y short of my expectations.    Many of the other reviewers gave such high ratings that I literally drove the mile and a half down the road with my mouth watering.  We arrived and sat inside and downstairs.  The ambiance was not so great. We heard everyone else's conversations and the chandelier lighting was sharp bright and made my pupils itch.  Then the salsa arrived.  Hmm... sweet instead of heat.  I didn't like how the salsa was served really cold either. Then I ordered the carne burro.  It was OK.  But the enchilada sauce was nasty. Oh, and the rice and beans were "turable!" (as Charles Barkley would say).  Lastly, my girl had awful gas after we got home and kept denying it.  Not a great outing.
4 2 transplants and 4 Midwesterners had a delightful lunch today. Seafood enchilada's were wonderful, pork & chicken quesadilla's with meat and cheese aplenty.   Pork, beef & cheese enchiladas were very good and the refried beans & rice were very good as well.
4 First time trying this place and will come back. The atmosphere is great and the staff is very friendly.   The lunch portions are great size and accompanied with delicious chips and salsa. If you want the hotter salsa you have ask for it.   I ordered the Spinach Enchilada were good if you love leafy spinach. Did not care for all the ends with the enchilada.
3 Hit and Miss.  I was here once and it was really really good.  For my 2nd trip I brought family here from out of town and everything was dissapointing.  We made reservations, they were not busy, but when we arrived they had to put tables together and ended up seating us a solid 10 minutes late.  I ran into a friend in the lobby who said he was waiting for a half hour for a take out burrito! Then they forgot to assign us a waiter, when one noticed later he scrambled to get our orders.  The service problems continued, but I think this waiter was trying his best, it just may have been a little too little too late to bring our moods back up.  The food was not great this night, pollo asada and carne asada overcooked, the rest of the food was underwhelming.  I will give them another shot, but my impression is that they were really disorganized.   The old restaurant that was in this location was good but seemed to have the same problem.  Someone needs to put an experienced manager in here who can make the food consistent and the service good, and this place could be great.
4 Great Margaritas! Authentic Mexican food! Salsa not super Spicy, but you can ask for the hot salsa and you will not be dissapointed!! My favorite are the seafood enchiladas, and the shrimp tacos. great staff...beautiful camino real hacienda.
3 It was our first time coming in and we though the food was alright. It was cold when it came out, but if it was warmer it would of been amazing. Also the service was horrible. But it may only be because it has recently opened.
5 Absolutely Amazing! From the service ( Leana rocks) to the salsa (green salsa!!) To the amazing meals. 5 stars across the board. Very cozy ambiance, great patio and pretty solid drinks. Not overly priced for what you get , my only complaint was the chimi was more tortilla than filling but still fantastic. Highly, highly recommended!
5 Picked the salmon dinner tonight and it was one of the best I have had. It had a mango sauce that complimented the salmon  perfectly.  Will come back again.
5 This is one of the finest Mexican restaurants we have ever eaten in.We got Off the flight from one of those lousy united airline flights from Chicago , Starving and dying of thirst to end up at casa De Mina being served by A top notch Waiter and being personally greeted by one of the owners Christian who remembered us from six months ago. We had a nacho Platter with chicken and beef, the finest salsa we have ever eaten, and One of the most amazing margaritas. The seafood enchilada and Salmon Tacos were better than any Mexican fare we get in Chicago.   This place Rocks,,,.,,..
5 Everything was pretty good and the menu had a few different takes on Mexican food that I've never seen before. They serve a sweet salsa and a regular, but the food is still pretty good! The sopapillas were pretty damn good for desert! Margaritas were great too! It was not like a regular chain so I would definitely recommend it if you're in the area!
2 The service really was the killer here.  We got seated right away but didn't see our waiter for a long time.  When he finally showed up he apologized but made no improvement on it.  You know its bad when we got to know the bus boy's first name.  The food was decent, though I am not a fan of sweet salsa (green), the Pollo Asada was good, I especially enjoyed the chargrilled peppers with it.  We may try it again just in case but not anytime soon.
5 I've had the Salmon with mango salsa twice now.  Each meal was excellent, the salmon was cooked perfectly.  I look forward to returning.
4 2nd time here. Place was busy, service was good, food great as always, seafood enchiladas are the bomb.  I also recommend the beef nachos, big portion.  Strong Margaritas
5 Great place and the best food I ever tasted and the service is the best , I feel like home in casa de Mina. I would rate it 10 stars . Is a must GO !!
4 I've been here a few times and let me tell you it's been a great experience in every visit, one of my two favorite appetizers is the nachos with carne Asada and the chorizo with queso, I could just keep coming back for these two,along with a beer at their newly added bar which by the way the variety it's pretty awesome, they have all kinds of tequilas you just wanna try them all haha! I'm sure they won't have a problem with that!,they also have a patio with a mister system which I haven't personally been into just yet because I've been there during the winter but that's the one feature I'm looking forward to go to during the summer; over all I thing it's a great place  to go and enjoy a nice meal with familly or friends, I will definitely come back!!
3 The place has a great feel to it. I had the carne asada and it was OK.
5 I am not a mexican food fan, it seems like everything tastes the same at most palaces. Not at Casa De Mina... this place is the best! You can tell everything is home made. The ingredients were fresh and top notch. Well run, very clean, everything we ate was outstanding. I had the seafood enchiladas. They were fabulous. The shrimp (and there were plenty in there) were fresh, and flavorful. I would give it 6 stars if that rating was available.
1 This place doesn't even deserve one star. My boyfriend and I went there on Cinco de Mayo and we had reservations for 8pm. When we got there they weren't busy but there was a group of 5 that had been waiting for almost two hours for a table. We sat ourselves, had to go ask for menus, had to ask for chips and salsa, and had to ask for our server to come take our order. My boyfriend got food poisoning that night. For being such a fun location and environment, the service and food sucked.
1 Me and my wife have been here 2 or 3 times and I've never been that into posting a negative yelp review but man o man does this place deserve one. This place is terrible flat out. The food is so inconsistent that you can order the same thing over and over again and it'll taste different every time.   The price isn't even the problem but charging as much as they do for sub par food that's just a rip off. And make sure you have plenty of time because you won't be getting your food or refills anytime soon.  I brought my mom here for mother's day and it took them 1 hour to get us guacamole and some coconut shrimp which were so rubbery I could have probably used them for tires. Our server didn't care, he didn't come check up on us, and I think we got probably 1 refill on our drinks in the hour we waited. We had to ask every time for refills on chips and salsa and track down the bus boys and anyone that worked there pretty much to give us some service. After an hour and some minutes me and my family left. I tried to pay for what we ordered but the servers said it was on the house. What a gesture, for a complete waste of time. I tried paying 3 times because I didn't want them to give me anything for free. Pay what you owe, that's what I say. The price is high but if this place had better service it would be fine.
3 This is hard to rate because I have been here a few times and the food is always excellent. However, I went for Mother's Day, and the service was so terrible it will make me hesitate to return despite the fact that the food is great. I made a reservation for a large party in the middle of the week. No problem. I was excited because I had out of town family coming in and was raving about the place. Plus it was Mother's Day, and I was excited to relax and not have to cook and clean my kitchen. When we arrived, they had no record of our reservation, but they sat us immediately, which I thought was kind of them. After that, it was downhill. We had to keep flagging other people down to get refills on our drinks, and we waited over an hour for our food. One of our party is a diabetic, and he was getting rather nervous because everything was taking so long. We also had small children who were holding up super well, but were super hungry. In the meantime, there was no apology from our waitress nor was there any checking in from her. We had to flag her down to ask what was going on. When our food finally came, one of the entrees was wrong. We asked our server to correct it, but it NEVER came. When it came time to pay, we asked for a break since we had a bad experience. They only took the bad entree off, and we had to talk to the manager to explain our situation. He gave us another discount. Then it took FOREVER to try and pay. I ended up having to give our bill to the hostess to close it out for us. We were extremely disappointed. We have loved coming here in the past and recommend it to our families and friends, but now we are not so sure. I have worked in food service for 15 years, so I know what it can be like on holidays, and I am always willing to cut servers slack because I know how it can be. But this was unacceptable. Perhaps our server was new, but if she was, then she should not have been working on a holiday. The restaurant has been in business long enough to know how to handle a holiday, and to know what basic customer service is.
4 A little pricey for the amount of food.  Good Salsa.  Pass on the Sopapillas, they are not authentic.
5 Excellent mexican food. Atmosphere is nice and also very clean. Service is really good. Authentic mexican dishes.
2 Main Points: -Beautiful venue and that's where the pros end -Better values to be had at any other Mexican restaurant -Slow service   Review: I really wanted to like this place because it is a beautiful restaurant, and it's parking lot is always full so I was led to believe it was awesome food.  However, after trying it multiple times (fooled again!) I have to say I won't be back.  Their food has no pizzazz and their salsa is nothing to write home about.  Considering they are in the two dollar sign price range ($$), I would expect much better food than what they offer.  One of the times we went, there weren't too many customers there (but they were fully staffed) and we spent almost 2 hours there because service was so slow, even though we ordered a total of two dishes for two of us. There was a bigger group of about 8 outside who already had their food, and their kids were running in and out of the restaurant screaming at the top of their lungs past everyone's' table and none of the staff said a word to them (and their parents didn't care either).    I would say considering they're in Arizona they should step up their game when it comes to Mexican food but obviously there are enough people eating there already, so I guess they don't need my advice.  Since it's so popular with others, maybe it's worth a try, just don't go with high hopes.
