1 Fraud!!!  Had terrible luck with this business!  Began working with "Greg" on 5/17/2012.   His other number is (602) 432-0405... He has a variety of company names!!!  Told him I would be gone for a few months in the summer, and I hired him to come once a month to keep my bushes, shrubs, palm trees and two orange trees alive, and hopefully help them thrive.  He came once in May, and charged me $100.  I agreed to continue at $100/month and he said he would fertilize the plants in June, and pointed out a variety of problems with my plants... I returned at the beginning of August to find two dead palm trees, my shrubs had overtaken the front yard, and my bushes were brown with just patches of leaves!  I called him immediately and he promised to come out the following week and figure out what happened.  He didn't return my phone call, or show up for 2 weeks, but continued to charge my card $100 the month of September!!  I called my credit card company the following day and requested the money back... unfortunately it is too late to request the June and July payments.  BE AWARE!!!
1 Fraud is right!!  Do not hire Alliance Manpower or the owner Greg Weldon.  He gets homeowners to sign a contract for 3 months of landscaping service (every 2 weeks), then never shows up.  He is a very smooth talking con man who assures people of prompt and reliable service, then provides neither.  He also won't answer his phone when he knows who is calling and won't return calls when asked.  Do NOT hire any of his companies.
5 I want to tell everyone what a great job Alliance Manpower did for us.  Our frig went out and the water wasn't working.  I got Alliance Manpower's phone number from a friend of mine.  This was a great experience, Greg came in fixed the problem, he was so nice, quick and reassured me that it wasn't as bad as I thought.  He gave us a great price and I never had to call and hunt him down to finish the job.  He told me the truth, did the work and even called me back after the job was finished always making sure I was happy.  Any work I need done I will be sure to call Greg Weldon, Alliance Manpower.  A great experience.
