5 I had Zero Energy Contractors come out and do an energy audit on my home in July 2010. I then had them do a duct seal, extra insulation as they discovered I was low and radiant barrier on the underside of my attic. There team was very professional and they were wonderful in answering all of my questions. My attic is staying cooler now with the radiant barrier and the added insulation is keeping what heat there is from seeping into my home. My air conditioning unit is now not having to work as hard in keeping my home cool. My energy bills are definitely reflecting this by a 30% saving. I'm elated!!
1 A rep from Zero Energy rings my doorbell on Sat and explains he's from Zero Energy and offering free safety and energy audits subsidized by the local power utility. Well my bills are pretty steep so I say sure and sign up. Within hours I get a notification that they've run a credit check on me. WTF? There was no disclosure of running a credit check for a "free" audit.   ALERT: A new hard credit inquiry has been added to your TransUnion credit report submitted by ZERO ENERGY.  Clearly this company is trying to run some bait & switch racket. Needless to say, they aren't getting any business from me.
1 Buyer's remorse, initially they came across as very knowledgeable with good reviews.  Pros: The radiant heat barrier has made our attic much cooler, the new A/C's are quiet and our electric bill has been cut by 1/3. Cons: We signed a contract with Zero Energy in 7/13 that states one payment due in18 months soon we received loan papers for a 12 month loan after months of complaining Zero Energy finally admitted that they made a mistake on the type of loans that were available, Zero Energy told us there is nothing they can do so we are bound to a 12 month loan with a 3rd party loan company that we never signed a contract with despite Zero Energy being in breach of contract.  Then we were told that we could re-use our existing gas hot water heater with the new solar panel and still be eligible for the rebates which turned out to NOT be true.  They re-used our old thermostat wiring which turned out to be faulty and we had to pay another company $165 to have that wiring replaced.  Also beware of their savings plan we have only received a small portion of the rebates Zero Energy listed in their savings plan.
1 I just filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau because this company accessed my credit report without my permission.  At no time during the conversation with their representative (who knocked on my door, ignoring the NO SOLICITORS sign, and who claimed to be affiliated with the utility company) -- I never was asked about my credit or if they could check it.  This is a terrible way to try to develop a new customer base.  Outraged.  Will blast it all over the internet.  BEWARE OF ANYONE REPRESENTING ZERO ENERGY CONTRACTING.
