5 I've stayed here twice now.  Once in January and again this month.  No complaints.  The rooms are clean, the staff is very helpful and the morning breakfast is not skimpy (lots of choice).  I've not used the pool, but have been told it is heated.  I've used the exercise facilities onsite (not a huge collection of equipment, but not too sparse either).  Lots of parking and beautiful views in all direction as much of the land around this hotel is still in it's natural state.  Don't let that comment fool you though.  The hotel is just across the freeway from the Arizona spring training grounds along with shopping, dining and other activities.  The location will give you quiet outside your window if you are a light sleeper.  I will be staying here again, and look forward to my next visit in 3 months.  Cheers!
5 We stayed here after a trip to the Grand Canyon and let me just say this hotel made me feel like I was heaven in comparison to where we stayed the night before.   When we arrived that evening there might've been two other cars in the parking lot. It was very quiet on the floor we were on, the beds were very comfortable, and our bathroom was super swanky for a hotel (I should've got a photo!).   After spending a few days eating fast food, their breakfast really hit the spot. You have no idea how great cereal and eggs that weren't slathered in grease tasted.   The area around the hotel was very quiet for being next to a casino. We sat by the pool that evening; the water was far too cold to get in and enjoy the water, but it was nice ambiance. I would definitely stay here again!
4 Just got back from a conference there, this was a very nice place. Everything was clean, the staff was attentive, the rooms were updated and spacious. The ONLY reason I'm giving it 4 stars is the lack of a restaurant on site. That being said, they are more than happy to drive you about a mile down the road where there are many dining choices. They'll even come back and pick you up. As others have stated, the complimentary breakfast was terrific, with many hot and cold choices beyond your typical fruit and a bagel that most places serve for free. I would go back.
4 4.5 stars.   Recently stayed here for 2 nights while visiting friends in Scottsdale. The Studio King Suite is a good size, especially for the $120 per night we paid. This hotel is still very new so everything was in good condition. The room was very clean..... except for the windows which were dirty.  The room has everything you need.... small fridge, small microwave, sitting area and large flat screen TV. The one thing missing is a room safe! Not sure why they have everything else and didn't put a safe in the room?!  The walls a little thin and I did hear the neighboring rooms and people walking down the hall. I thought it was odd since the hotel is so new. I would expect it to be constructed a little better.  The breakfast that was included was pretty good. Not the best hotel breakfast but still better than most. ....  Make your own waffles, pre-made southwest omelets (which were a lot better than they looked!!), potatoes (which were good!), oatmeal and some cold cereals as well as some muffins and bagels.   Good location! This hotel is located directly across from the Talking Stick Indian Casino. I heard a few people were staying at this hotel to attend a concert at the casino. The rooms must be cheap here than at the casino!!  Free WiFi and it worked well. Large parking lot! Small pool at the back of the hotel.  I would stay here again.
4 This hotel is an EXCELLENT alternative for someone who wants to be away from it all while still being within 10 minutes of everything you need. For example, this hotel is built in what will inevitably be a well developed area. However, right now, every piece of land is open (which the exception of the casino/hotel next door) and you can see for miles. I like that. In this day and age, space is hard to find. For $109/night ($89/night on the weekends) you can find it.  As for the room itself, they are standard Hampton fare, which is to say excellent for a so-called value hotel. Don't expect the W, but do expect clean and up-to-date rooms. Beds are very comfortable, but the duvet covers are a little short (I like to snuggle up). Air conditioning works like a champ. The morning breakfast is nothing to be extremely happy about, but it did it's job. WIFI is free too, another rare occurrence.   Beware of flooding at this location. During my stay, AZ decided to do an impression of OR and rain the entire weekend. Those parked in the back parking lot were lucky to get their cars back without flooding, with the sacrifice of soaked shoes and socks. Minor problem, as the parking lot is huge and the hotel is yet to be discovered.
5 Very nice! Clean and comfortable room. Quiet location.  Close to shopping and a great base to explore the area from.
5 Updated, modern rooms (for a Hampton Inn).  What I found especially welcoming is the concern of the staff for our comfort during our stay.  We've stayed at many H-Inns and this was has been far and away the most accommodating!  The only thing we wish is that the suites had an actual separate bedroom, instead of the "open" design.  This makes it difficult when staying here with little kids
3 I stayed here three nights from 04/28-05/01/14.  I am posting a bit early, after having stayed two nights of my three.  This hotel is in a great location in Scottsdale, just of Loop 101; it is easy to find and get to.  The hotel is fairly new and everything is fresh, clean and bright.  Check-in was a breeze and the front desk attendants were very courteous and helpful.  The room was nice and the bed is GREAT.  The price is about $125 a night plus tax, but with discounts I think I paid slightly less.  Overall good value.  Free Wifi.  Nice breakfast but it is the standard hotel fare ... just like Holiday Inn Express or some of the others.  I will definitely stay here again and have no reservations recommending this hotel to other travelers.  You won't be disappointed.  I disagree with some of the ratings.  This is a nice place but it is not a 4 or 5 star hotel.
