3 good tacos and monster burritos for a great price.
2 I LOVE Mexican food, but my first and only experience with Filiberto's before today was at their Broadway in Tempe location.  That one got 3 Stars out of me, barely, so I've waited over two years to try them again.  Now we have this Filiberto's that opened recently, so I thought I'd give them a try...  The first thing that hit me when I stepped inside was the strong, unpleasant smell of Pine Sol.  Then, after I waited in line to wash up in the single-person bathroom, TV blared out as I tried to hear myself think about what I wanted to order.  I went with a Chiles Rellenos Plate and a Shredded Beef Taco.  After going to the Salsa Bar, where one of the trays was being left empty, I got situated in a booth next to the bathroom, the farthest to get away from the TV blabbing,  In a little while my order came up.  Over at Tempe, they have tortilla chips out with the salsa bar & you help yourself.  At this location, girl wanted $3.04 plus tax for some chips!  I did without.  The plate held two Anaheim Chiles, stuffed with some cheese.  There were also big dollops of sour cream and Guacamole on top.  That much was nice.  In addition to my side taco was a big, warm, rolled up flour tortilla.  The Rellenos were ok, not great, & the taco was weak.  The price $5.09 for just the Chiles Rellenos and no beans or rice was high.  So was the $2.21 for the blah taco.  Trying to charge $3.04 extra for some chips (that are free at the Tempe location) is ridiculous!  I paid $7.30 but it would have been $10.34 plus tax with some chips.  Can you imagine?  No more Filiberto's for Ranz!  The only thing that saved this place from 1 Star is that it was better than Taco Bite down the road!     :-O
2 Not great Mexican food, bad customer service.
2 Not so great menudo was awful, the burritos well lets say glad I didn't live to far away needed a bathroom quick!!
1 LET ME WARN YOU: HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.   I ordered carne asada fries and 5 rolled tacos. All they gave me was 2 little cups of hot sauce (literally, you can only get 2-3 dips from the hot sauce before it's all gone!) and when I asked for a couple more, they refused to give me any and said they have to charge me if I wanted more! HORRIBLE AND STINGY.   Also, the lady with the red/colored hair has a attitude problem and that is not professional what so ever.   I've been here multiple times because I thought maybe they're having a bad day, but no, still the same terrible service as the first time.
3 Pricey for a lowly fast food restaurant. A bean and cheese burro and fountain drink ran me nearly six bucks. That's pretty steep, if you ask me.  Place was clean and there was plenty of seating though.
2 I grew up on the good food at the Chandler Filiberto's at Dobson & Elliot (great childhood memories).  These days, I go to the Laveen Filiberto's 1 or 2 times a week after a long night at work.  Despite the shrinking size of their burritos in the past year, usually the food I get from there is pretty good, but on a recent visit I experienced quite an awful mess.  I ordered a lengua burrito (which is normally delicious) and a chicken taco with rice & beans.  Everything was good... except the burrito.  They gave me some bottom-of-the-barrel, greasy lengua.  I've never had a problem with their beef tongue until that night.  Inside the burrito there were nothing but big, unpeeled chunks covered with hairlike taste buds (which I had never seen before on their lengua) that were chewy, disgusting and soaked with orange grease!  All this was surrounded by a layer of beans.  Lengua burritos cost more than many others on their menu and I expect them to treat me and the food I pay for with more respect than that.  I wouldn't have been upset at all if they chose not to serve me that greasy mess rather than use my order to clean out the pot before sunrise.  So instead of calling to complain I decided to write this Yelp review to bring attention to their recent inconsistencies in the hopes that the restaurant takes action to prevent any other customers from having this kind of experience.  Greasy, nasty lengua...  To be quite honest, that just pisses me off!
1 If zero was an option this place would get -4 stars. It is typically slow but tolerable cause it's pretty tasty but no more!! I just returned home after having left a drive thru for the first time ever without my food. I waited 13 minutes and 1 car had gotten food and there were 4 cars ahead of me...4 ahead of me!!! I know they wouldn't claim to be fast food but nobody has time to wait 40 minutes in a drive thru. Go down to 35th Ave.
