5 Love him or hate him he is the best in the business.  Ben Thompson  describes it best. "Just west of the Las Vegas strip, in a district known as Chinatown, lays the heart and soul of the best boxer in the world, the Mayweather Boxing Club. Surrounded by a number of Asian restaurants and other businesses, it's easy to overlook the Chinese archway that marks the entrance to Schiff Drive, a side street that looks more like a long parking lot."  The familiar faces you will see  are Big Kip [Kip Sweeney], Mayweather's director of security, Pat Walsh another member of security and the biggest of the security team Big Phonz [Alfonso Riddick]. All three men keep a close eye on the entrance, preventing those without permission from entering the gym. It is an invite only gym and if you aren't a member of his crew or invited by such you will be turned away.   You will see dozens of different boxers on a typical day in the gym. Up and comers and seasoned professionals alike.  You will find Rafael Garcia (trainer-consultant-cutman) and the best cutman and hand man in the business and Roger Mayweather the greatest trainer in the business on a typical day.   The gym fluctuates between semi cool and moderately comfortable to steaming hot. It can contain anywhere from a dozen to over a hundred  depending on a private training session or media day in the gym. it is not large but has all the essentials to get the job done.
4 Have never visited the Gym or Vegas, however I will be taking a trip to Vegas in Oct and I hope to at lease get a chance to see and take pictures since I'm unable to get in. Big fan, I have followed Mayweather since he turned pro. I even went back and watched him in his amateur fights. Not only is he the best pound for pound, he is the smartest when it comes to building his brand. Mayweather have set the standards for those following his footprint.
5 Love this place. I try to get out to this gym every time I go to Vegas. The gym is located in an inconspicuous (which is surprising considering it's Mayweather) location in the Chinatown area of Las Vegas, a couple miles from the Strip and a little less than a mile from the Palms/Rio area.   Most of the time anyone can walk in and watch the boxers train. I've never seen Floyd there but every time I've gone either Floyd's dad (Mayweather Sr.) or his uncle (Roger Mayweather) or both are there training boxers. (They are there practically every day during the week.)  They are very friendly and are more than happy to take pictures and sign autographs for anyone so this gym is actually one of the better photo-ops in Vegas.  Have also seen Jeff Mayweather (another of Floyd's uncles) and champion boxers Ishe Smith and J'Leon Love there on multiple occasions. At the end of the day, it's just a regular boxing gym but pretty cool to see a lot of the faces you see on TV doing their thing.  Roger especially is a real chill, laid-back dude. Has always signed stuff for me when I ask, though you really don't want to bother him while he's in the middle of a training session. He's really good with the young kids who come in with their parents just to look, making it a point to come over and say hi and even give a few introductory tips on box.  If you are a boxing fan would very highly recommend checking the place out.
5 What can I say about this place? it doesnt get better when you are talking pure boxing gyms. The trainers are top notch, the fighters are top notch and you see a who's who of the boxing, kickboxing and mma world on a daily basis.  Just in the last 2 wks I ran into boxing world champions Shane Mosley, Bermane Stiverne and Bad Chad Dawson.   One of the best moves I ever made to improve my skills was training at MBC.  My personal boxing coach is Jeff Mayweather who is Floyds Jr's uncle and a former world champion himself.
