4 For the entire weekend, Water Street is closed off from Victory Rd. all the way up to Ocean for the Super Run Classic Car Show. It's a free, all ages can attend the  event .  Several hundred vintage cars, trucks, motorcycles, and hot rods are on display for the "Show & Shine" part of the show.   It took us about an hour and a half starting from Victory to walk all the way up to Ocean and another hour back to see everything.  It wasn't too crowded late afternoon, so we were able to take our time, take a few pix and just marvel at all the gorgeous shiny classic cars and chit chat w/their owners.  As the sun went down it sure got busier, cars are heard revin' up their engines, and live music and a concert livened up the night!  The streets were packed to the point it felt like we were Disneyland again! It was pretty crowded and it was a little harder to move. Nevertheless the  atmosphere was casual, safe (Henderson Police presence)  and family friendly which made our evening enjoyable.   Food/Drinks There are also food & drink vendors throughout the entire length and along the side streets. If adult beverages is your thing, I spotted a stand right in front of Detroit Motor City Hot Dogs near Pacific, The Beer Garden, which is set up in the grassy area off to the side of Henderson Events Plaza and another stand by the 7 Eleven by Basic.  Food stands dotted each block too! Follow your nose! Bbq'ing everywhere! Across from the Events Plaza on the grassy area where the city court is, there is a stand for deep fried Snickers, Reeses Cups, Oreos and you name it they're deep frying it over there. Also pop corn stand with different bagged varieties of popcorn.  My food truck radar went off and I spotted the Chuck Wagon Catering truck parked nearby Events Plaza also. Check out the Chuck Wagon Soda beverage stand! All natural, pure cane sugar and no caffeine! There's bottled water also, I'm assuming so because I kept hearing someone shout out "Bottled Water!"  ..also all the local shops along Water Street were open late so we were able to  walk in and browse through them.  Oh and porta pottys are available and  placed along the way.  Tips Parking easier to find if you're coming down Pacific from Van Wanganen follow the signs from there or park as close to Water St as you can and just walk from there since that is pretty much the starting point. Stay hydrated, bring water, its still hot!  If you are a car enthusiast you will enjoy this event!
5 Super Run is always a great event!  Great cars and great people!  Shirley B's review says it all.  There is also a kick off party at The District on the day before Super Run (Thursday) - not all the cars are displayed there, but the entire mall area is full of cars, and some overflowing into the driveway between The District and Green Valley Ranch.
4 After attending the Super Run Classic Car Show in downtown Henderson last weekend, I am a fan of local events.The Super Run Classic Car Show transformed Water Street into a classic car museum filled with people. The cars included a 1923 Ford coexisting with a Chevy El Camino, a Plymouth Road Runner, 1978 Trans Am, and every classic car imaginable. Just like a good museum, the cars included information about their year and make. A good number of the cars had the hoods popped open to display the engines. The vehicle owners were there to share information. There was even a stand displaying hundreds of Match Box and Hot Wheels cars for sale.    The Super Run Classic Car Show featured a few food concessions plus a beer garden. They sold corn dogs, smoothies, hot dogs, burgers, sausages, and fries. Personally I have mixed feelings about the food concessions in downtown events. My understanding is that the events are entertainment that helps stimulate the downtown economy. On Water Street so much of the downtown economy is restaurants and bars.  I'd do my part by supporting the Cafe in the El Dorado, the Coffee House, and the Gold Mine Tavern because they plan to be in the community for the long run. Besides, lately I'm not too crazy over the taste of carnival food.    In my reporting of the Super Clasic Car Show, what made Super Run Classic Car Show shine was that it made Water Street shine. I never saw Water Street so happening on a weekend afternoon. For a day Water Street looked like US 66 when GTOs ruled the road. A Water Street that is usually empty on a Sunday morning was animated with people. These people were supporting local businesses. From my observation, business was up on Water Street. There was even a 15 minute wait to eat in the Cafe. It also seemed that the casinos and bars were busier.      When I look back on the Super Run Car Show, I think of how it made Water Street shine on a weekend afternoon  When I look back on this event, I look forward to more local events.
