5 Chef Kas did a marvelous job organizing a cooking class. My brother's bachelor party was in Las Vegas, and I wanted to ensure that it was something he would enjoy and remember. Chef Kas went above and beyond, and worked with me to coordinate a menu that was reflective of  what my brother and friends would like. We made a delicious ceviche, out of this world salad with dark chocolate, and the world's most tender short ribs. Adam and his team were at the hotel ready to go, and they were extremely knowledgeable and fun to work with. I would wholeheartedly recommend them to anyone! He is an excellent teacher with a creative approach to food....a pleasure to work with!
5 Chef Kas makes food that challenges what you thought about food. His food is fun, tasty, beautifully constructed and easy for anyone to enjoy. What I enjoy most though about Chef Kas is his approach to food. Chef Kas focuses on food for life performance. You automatically feel better and more functional after eating his food. As a fitness professional that is extremely important to me. I've never had a dish that I didn't like from Chef Kas. In fact he has also re-introduced me to foods I previously did not like. Its all how you make the food and Chef Kas makes the food with love, technique and fun. I highly recommend that you take the time to check out Chef Kas and his food!
5 I hadChefKas come cook a couples dinner for me and my wife at my home. It was one of the most enjoyable times I have had. I would encurage everyone to tryu and enjoy a wonderful evening and dinner.    The food was amazing, he turned our home into a grand event. Truely amazing.
5 Chef Kas is awesome!  He prepared an amazing 7 course meal in house. Chef Kas and his team were professional and their attention to detail was fantastic. He created ambiance and made us feel like royalty.   Each course was elegantly prepared and served with an explanation.  Each dish was skillfully prepared with intention. Bold flavors and sweet smells filled our house.   From start to finish, Chef Kas created an amazing experience for our party. He and his team handled everything - from finding dishes and doing all the cleanup. The kitchen was immaculate at the completion of dinner. Even the trash was taken out.   Chef Kas gave us an experience we will never forget. We are hoping to share in this experience again in the near future. If you are looking for a chef to cook a meal in front of your family and friends in the comfort of your own home, Chef Kas should be your only option. Hands down.
5 I recently threw a surprise birthday celebration in Las Vegas for my sister and wanted to organize a cocktail party with appetizers for our group of ten.  I reached-out to Chef Kas after finding him online, and I'm glad I did.  During a quick call I told him what I wanted to do and my budget.  He pointed me to his website and also sent a catering menu that had many tasty / creative options, from which I selected ~10 options.  The evening of the event, Chef Kas showed up at our suite (we stayed at the MGM Signature, which was great BTW), where he set up all of the food that he had pre-prepared...it was a hit, to say the least, and the portions were generous.  My guests and I also enjoyed talking to Chef Kas - he's motivated, interesting, and well-traveled.    I highly recommend Chef Kas for an intimate in-suite gathering with friends while in Vegas - it's a truly unique experience that is a nice alternative to the typical restaurant group gathering.
5 We had a lovely long weekend planned in Vegas for New Years Eve with a group of 8 of us.  My girlfriend got the smart idea from Real Housewives to host a small dinner party with a Chef on one of the nights to take it a bit easy.  It was a HUGE success.  Chef Kas was very prompt, flexible, charming, friendly, and a spectacular chef!  The whole evening was absolutely wonderful.  He and his staff were extremely accomodating in our rented home and took care of every detail to ensure we had a very pleasant evening.  The food was filling, delicious, unique, and extremely tasteful.    We could not have asked for anything more!  We definitely plan to do this again.
5 5 stars for Chef Kas and his team!    I had the responsibility of coordinating a business dinner for 11 people at a home in Summerlin. After doing some research online, I discovered Chef Kas' website. I was intrigued and decided to contact him via email. I immediately received a phone call from him and he connected me with Jennifer from his team. Jennifer provided some sample menus, answered all of my questions and took care of our requests for dinnerware, etc.   The full course meal was simply fantastic; from the hors d'oeuvres to the dessert! My personal favorites were the Pineapple Goat Cheese Red Cabbage Spring Rolls and the Sweet and Savory Short Ribs. We enjoyed trying to guess the ingredients in his dishes. They were so full of flavor, we wanted his secrets!  Chef Kas was very proud of his dishes, served them with a smile and even cleaned the kitchen after he was done! One other person assisted that evening and she makes great desserts.  I should also mention, while planning for this dinner, we asked Chef Kas if he was available the night before to prepare a special birthday dinner. Of course he said yes and that meal was just as spectacular. ChefKas ROCKS!
4 Chef Kas and his crew were great to work with.  We made all the plans long distance without a problem.  Chef Kas prepared a delicious meal for us from appetizers to dinner to dessert.  He was professional, friendly and courteous.  It was great to have a meal prepared for us on our day of arrival so we didn't have to worry about anything but relaxing and having fun!
