5 The roomie n I were craving a donut but all shops were closed. Finally came up on this place randomly. Really clean. Really nice workers. They've only been open a few Weeks but their tofu cheesecake n the coconut chiffon cake were really good. Next time I go I'm going to check out their crepes.
5 So many great choices, but you can't go wrong on any of them. Try any of the fruit desserts or creeps...they're always so good.  My wife loves the creme puffs most.   For a special treat, order a special cake for a birthday or anniversary. They're the best anywhere.
5 Loved it!  The cakes were yummy - especially the tofu cheesecake (at least it sounds healthy) n choco cake. We also had a crepe with homemade ice cream. Soooo delish! Not too sweet n very delicate and who makes homemade ice cream in a pastry shop? The staff and owner were very friendly n helpful. The place was clean with cute decorations. A definite go back to place!
5 Beautiful pastries, great crepes, and great people.  This is one adorable pastry shop with green tea cakes and coffee jelly in the display case.  I love their crepes because they are the right texture and flavor.  You have to try this place.
3 A good handful of choices.  I did like the coffee jello...if you have ordered it at Ichiza...it's the same, but this one I can take home to enjoy.  I liked the strawberry shortcake, but thought the green tea cake was a little heavy and wasn't really what I expected.  Overall, I think this place has potential.  They are rather new and it seems there will be more options in the future.  I saw that they make crepes, but did not order it.  It is nice to see new bakery's opening around the SW and Spring Valley neighborhood.
5 I love happy accidents! I went to Jiffy Lube for a routine oil change and the words "Pastries and Crepes" caught my eye. My taste buds got ansty and said this oil change better be super jiffy because a crepe sounds divine.   I walked in and was immediately drawn to the pastry display case. After much debate because everything looked so good, my husband and I settled on a Mini Chocolate Cream Puff for $1 each. That was my appetizer because I also ordered a Strawberry, Whipped Cream and Nutella Crepe for $5 (the Nutella was an additional 50 cents).   The cream puff was light and fluffy. I loved the chocolate cream. The crepe knocked my socks off! I was a little annoyed at myself for agreeing to share with my husband because it was so good. The crepe batter was divine and there was just the right amount of fresh strawberres, Nutella and whipped cream.  This pastry shop is very quaint and cute. There are only two tables. I anticipate they would need to add more seating soon because word about this place will spread like wildfire.  The workers were very friendly and smiley. My taste buds are already willing me to go back!
5 ......Simply hands down the best pastry in town.  In every bite, I felt  a thoughtful harmony of the fresh ingredients.  If you want to indulge your appetite for the serious desserts like the ones from the star-studded upscale restaurants, this is the place for you.  Not for people who think over-sugared everything is desert.
5 Love this small and adorable pastry shop.  It is a little on the pricey side but well worth it.  This is better than the bakery in Little Tokyo in downtown LA.  Now I know where to go when I need my fix of outstanding pastries.
5 I love it!!! Everything is sooo good~
4 Really cute and cozy japanese bakery! This new place is actually kind of hidden from the road but if you know which corner its on, you'll be good. The place is quite small but still very quaint. I ordered the coffee jello and the crepe cake (first time having a crepe cake). Both were delicious. The coffee jello had a very deep rich coffee bean flavor and wasn't overly sweet. The strawberry crepe cake was pretty neat. Didn't actually count the layers but seemed like there was 20. One bite of this, and you won't eat another crepe for weeks.. cuz you already ate 20! The japanese lady at the counter was super nice and courteous. Prices were reasonable to me. Hope they add a larger selection of desserts soon.
5 After missing my usual green tea cake fix at Goyemon for the longest time, I received a very helpful tip from Yuki (one of the Goyemon waiters) that Chef Misuzu had recently opened her Japanese style patisserie on Durango and Warm Springs(Next to Jiffy Lube) on the Southwest side of town.  If you've dined at Goyemon and/or Kabuto, you more than likely have had one(or a few in my case) of her signature items-Green Tea Cake, Tofu Cheesecake, Mille Crepes, etc. They can all be found here at Suzuya. Also having worked at notable places such as ALEX and the Pastry Shop at Aria, Chef Misuzu is no joke, and it shows in all of her creations. Very aesthetically pleasing to the eye, the Japanese palate leans more toward seasonal, natural, delicate flavors and textures, not overly too sweet, or too rich and decadent. Although the presentations may look a little American and European, the flavors are dominantly Japanese. Sorry, you won't find grossly huge portions, Ganache covered, ooey gooey overly decorated sweets to cause a sugar coma, or artificial ingredients or colors to please the eye.  I am also a huge fan of the Japanese style crepes served here as well.(Even better than that crepe joint in Japantown, SF) We shared my usual Green Tea Cake(The latest version is with a hazelnut cream and chocolate covered crispies) and a Strawberries and Whipped Cream Crepe with Green Tea Ice Cream as an add on(ice creams are also made in-house) at $4.50 for any of their 5 different creations-Strawberries and Whipped Cream, Banana and Chocolate, Blueberry and Cream Cheese, Nutella and Almond, and Apricot and Custard with add-ons for $.25-$.75 more, this is one of the best deals in town. The crepe was so soft, just slightly sweet,and a nice chewy texture, the addition of the fruit, cream and ice cream made every bite enjoyable!...So enjoyable, we had to get another crepe and I also noticed they just put a tray of Kabocha Squash Pies in the display case, so we had to get one of those as well!  The time and care put into preparing each crepe is also evident as insta-read laser thermometers are used to get a specific temperature before cooking each crepe not too hot that it wil brown or dry out the crepe, not too cold that the batter will stick. The end result is a very soft, pliable crepe, pale yellow with very little to no color and a nice delicate flavor and perfect vessel for the assorted fruits and toppings. This time we tried the Apricot and Custard. The slight tartness from the fresh apricots paired well with the vanilla-infused custard. The Kabocha Pie was a hit as well served with a crisp puff pastry crust, gently dusted with cinnamon and served with lightly sweetened wipped cream....Absolutely ONOLICIOUS!!!  Before you go: Wed-Mon. 10-6pm, closed Tuesdays Call ahead to check for selections (they were out of the Mille Crepes dessert when we went) Looking forward to returning and trying all of the other creations at Suzuya...ALOHA!!!
4 Love this place! The cakes are delicate and delish. I especially loved the tofu cheesecake, crepes, monte blanc and cream puffs. The staff is super friendly and helpful.  A definite go back to kind of place.
3 Small little place with two tables so you probably want to grab your pastries and go. What was pretty neat is that they have iced barley tea drinks at $2 each. I usually have those barley tea drinks at Korean places so to have a non-restaurant place sell it stood out to me. They have a small selection of pastries and drinks so it's not extensive like others.  WHAT I BOUGHT:  Chocolate cake $3.80 Cream puff $2 Mini chocolate cream puff $1 Strawberry shortcake $3.75 Mugi Cha (iced barley tea) $2 Coconut cake (forgot price)  I think it's worth a visit if you're in the area or if you're getting your oil changed at the Jiffy Lube here but as far as going out of your way for it...  P.S. They also use Square payments.
5 This place is my new obsession.  There go my hopes of dropping weight before the new year.  It started when I just wanted to grab a quick cup of coffee without having to go all the way to Starbucks.  I live in walking distance of this spot so it was very convenient.  While waiting to get my drink, I watched as the guy ahead of me ordered a strawberry-filled crepe that looked and smelled delicious.  My olfactory sense made a mental note and I knew I'd have to make a return trip.  I ended up never even getting a crepe but tried a personal-sized Fuji Apple Pie instead. Lemme tell you when I say, I'm literally a slave to them now.  I find it very hard to resist swerving into the shopping center to check in to Suzuya to see if that wonderful pastry delight is sitting there calling me like a Siren to indulge in its culinary wonderment.  In the last two weeks or so, I've had about 3 or 4.  I even ordered a full-sized one for Thanksgiving and literally prayed that no one would touch it before the night was over.  THANKFULLY, my prayers were answered and I was able to devour the pie all by myself over a course of a few days since Thanks.  (Try it with butter pecan ice cream and you'll be in heaven!)  I just recently tried the Pumpkin Pie and now I'm torn between which is my fave...so I just buy them both. :)   The folks that work at Suzuya are sweet, polite and incredibly gracious providing the kind of hospitality that you only get overseas.  Just going inside, I'm transported to a place and world I've never been to but would now love to visit--Japan!  I count myself a a proud patron of this establishment and wish them all the success in the world.  I'm contemplating stopping by even as I type this... :::grabs keys:::
4 I usually don't like pie especially apple pie but Suzuya makes theirs with puff pastry and Fuji apples.  The apples were not mushy at all and they warmed it up for me which was a plus.  They also make all their ice cream on premises. I would also recommend their crepe with fresh strawberries whip cream, and green tea ice cream (weird combo until you taste it). The blueberry cheesecake crepe is also delish! The place is cute and small but the service is big!
5 Great bakery!!! I noticed some of the review complain about the price, but they do offer some of the most fresh/costly ingredients. Keep up the good work!!!
4 It's a small store located by Durango and Warm Springs in the plaza with the Sonics and behind the Jiffy Lube. There are only a few tables, I believe two or three tables, there was only one group of two there when I went, they happened to be speaking Japanese too.  I went without knowing what to expect, as I've been disappointed with Japanese food in Las Vegas (being from Japan and spending most of my life there, I tend to know what tastes authentic). But to my surprise I was quite pleased with this place!   I got the strawberry shortcake and green tea cake. They were about $2-4 each (will check prices next time), but that's actually basically considered "normal" in Japan so I don't mind the prices too much.   The strawberry shortcake tasted just like the ones I've had in my local bakeries back in Japan, there's a slight difference, but it's hardly noticeable. I will definitely be getting more of them! They aren't sweet and some may not like it because it definitely isn't like American sweets at all. It's like a sponge cake base but it is not as fluffy as American sponge cake, it may seem a little bland to some (my friend felt it was bland).   The green tea cake is just like matcha green tea taste. If you're a fan of green tea and something not super sweet this is another good one, it also tastes like the ones from Japan as well.   The two I've tried so far have very authentic tastes from Japan, I will definitely be coming back to try other things!
5 ETHNIC BAKERY TOUR #4-JAPAN  Suzuya has become one of our regular sweet shop stops and on this visit, we tried the Fuji Apple Pie, Mille Crepe, and a Blueberry and Cream Cheese Crepe. Best served warmed up and with a scoop of vanilla Ice cream (also made in house) the apple pie has alot of apple flavor without the sugar and spice overkill and that  nasty gel crap. The puff pastry crust is another plus, adding a nice crisp texture.  The Mille Crepe is a masterpiece in itself-crepe layers with strawberry whipped cream in between each layer finished with some apricot glaze and the Blueberry and Cream Cheese Crepe was just as tasty without it being overly sweet. The best time to come by is definitely within the first hour of opening, which ensures you a better variety. Suzuya's selections are made in smaller quantities and they tend to run out of items towards the afternoon, but the crepes are always available, so that's worth the visit alone!...ALOHA!!!
5 This place is AMAZEBALLS!   I finally got the chance to check this place out and I'm so tempted to go back today and get more goodies. Unfortunately they didn't have the crepe cake which my husband was wanting to try but the lady told me to call ahead and she would make it. I decided to not be such a gluttonous pig and just stick with the anko cream puff and green tea cake.  The anko cream puff had me at red bean and custard. Two of my favorite things! The outside end flaky and soft and the filling was oozing out after the first bite. Love the combination of red bean, custard and cream. This cream puff is definitely a winner in my book.   Green tea cake was good, but not my favorite. Maybe it was the hazelnut cream but anyways it was good just not my favorite. The new chocolate medallion that says Suzuya is nifty.   This place uses square wallet as their POS so you see how an iPad can be used and you can create a tab and not have to bring money to Suzuya if you use this app.   Overall, I think this place is quite awesome and like most Asian bakeries, the pastries aren't overly sweet. Perfect balance of sweetness to the two that I tried.
5 The Skinny: a symphony in your mouth. 'Nuff said. (5) Service: there really isn't much service here - counter service only and they only have two small tables to eat at(N/A) Value: expensive for the size but oh so worth it (5).  Now let me preface this review: these treats are Japanese in style. In general, I find that Asian pastries tend to be a little less sweet, rich and dense. It is its own esthetic that not everyone will be a fan of. So if you're looking for a really gooey chocolate chip cookie or a slice of uber luxurious cheesecake, you'll probably be disappointed. You have been warned.  Ah - what can I say about Suzuya Pastries?   Hidden behind a quick lube joint, you probably would miss it if you were driving too fast. Limited parking is also an issue due to the numerous shops (a nail salon, the quick lube, etc.) in such a small retail space.  But no matter. A trip to this bakery will take you less than 10 minutes. There really is no place to sit and eat because of the size of the shop (there's two small tables and maybe four chairs in the store). I'd imagine most people get the pastries to go. The selection is small so come earlier before it's all gone.  The time I went, I selected the Mont-Blanc chestnut cake, a kabocha pie and an apricot/almond pie. I did so to sample their two variety of crusts (a shortbread crust, a puff pastry crust) and their sponge. Suffice to say, I was genuinely impressed.  If you could only use one word to describe the Suzuya's pastries it would be this: symphony. They have a precision of flavors and textures that makes every note in your mouth sing. That's right - this place is the Ode to Joy of pastry perfection. It is a marriage of subtle spicing/sweetening (to enhance but not overwhelm the ingredients) and excellent technical skill.  The Mont-Blanc cake is sponge cake layered with pastry cream and chestnut puree. The sponge cake flavor is just right - not too heavy handed on vanilla. With all the pastry cream, it retained a wonderful texture despite all that moisture. Chestnut purees tend to be overly sweet but they were perfect here.  Kabocha pie - what a wonderful idea! It was a Japanese take on pumpkin pie and truly I was floored. What perfection of puff pastry crust! When it comes to pies, it's hard to find a pastry crust that is equally flaky even on the bottom. Well, lo and behold, Suzuya has it down to a science. The filling to pastry to ratio was just right as well.   Finally, the apricot/almond pie. This was the husband's favorite pastry. A crispy shortbread crust adorned with glazed apricots and moist almond filling. So good and it was the special of the day.  If I have one criticism of this place, it is the prices. The three items I purchased added up to $12-ish. For the price, it would be nice to have a larger portion size for each of the desserts. However, that being said, I have paid way more for dessert elsewhere and received significantly less enjoyment.  Overall, for some amazing Asian pastries, this place is a 5 starred place in my books.
4 YUMMY YUMMY CREPES!!!!!!!!! decent price for their crepes compare to other places that I have been to.
5 I am such a visual person that my heart always does this little happy skips every time I open our to-go boxes filled with Suzuya pastries. Presentation-wise, these cakes are absolutely adorable to stare at. I am always tempted to buy a glass case and collect all these creations and display them at my living room. Then, of course my raging belly always trumps that 30-second thought. Yeah, these get eaten within minutes in my household.  The crepes here are well-made, served with cool whipped cream with your choice of fruits which fill the soft crepe delicately folded into a cone. If you've never had Japanese pastries before, Suzuya is an excellent introduction. The pastries are light, fluffy and mildly sweet, lending to a more refined taste. I like that sugar does not take overpower the flavors of fresh berries; seasonal fruits unabashedly take the spotlight here.     This is one of our favorite pastry shops to date. I have tried *almost* everything here and they are all delicious. My personal favorites are the green tea cake, apple pie, & the mille crepe. I highly recommend to check it out even if you don't live in the SW area.
5 I love Japanese strawberry shortcake and crepes, and this place has both! Delicious and delicate, and a 10 minute drive from my house. I rather spend a little extra on quality goods like these. Can't wait to try the other products here.
4 With the very positive Yelp reviews, I had to stop and try Suzuya and I'm glad I did. I probably came at the wrong time of the day--around 3 PM, and the selection was less than shown in the other reviews/photos here.   I bought 4 pastries, two chocolate cakes, a Kabocya chestnut Mont Blanc, and the green tea cake.  I did not eat the chocolate cake as that was for my wife.  She thought it was very, very good.  My favorite of the other two I bought for myself varied.  The Kabocya chestnut Mont Blanc was superb!  The chestnut was fantastic and the pastry cream was excellent.  I thought the green tea cake was OK but it wasn't anything special.  I do want to go back and try one of their crèpes.  They were making some while I was there and they look delicious!  A word about service.  Because they were making the crèpes, and two people were needed--one to watch the crèpe on the griddle and one to fill them, the wait for service was a bit longer.  After a fairly long wait, a gentleman came from the baking area and started to help.  Everyone was apologetic for the wait and thanked me for my patience.  I will be coming back and trying some of their other goods.
4 Never had a crepe before, but I tried the nutella and almond crepe with banana slices. It was awesome. I wanna try the others next time I drop in.
4 Let me start by saying that this place takes a lot of pride in their bakery items.  All their pastries look so perfect in their display window, that it seems such a shame to eat them.  The portion size is small, but I will come back and try one of their pastries so other time.  Today, I was just there with one thing in mind, a crepe.  I ordered the banana and chocolate crepe with green tea ice cream inside.  Although I am not an expert in crepes, I felt that this crepe was made a little too thick and was not crispy at all.  I just remembered how wonderful Marion Crepes was when I was in Tokyo's Harajuku (Takeshita dori) and I am a little disappointed with this one.  The first crepe they tried to make on the griddle didn't turn out, so they had to start all over.  There is quite the technique to make the perfect crepe, and obviously the first crepe did not pass their quality control.  It looked okay to me.  I felt like saying to her, it's okay, I will eat it anyway.  But like I said before, they are perfectionist at their craft.  The finish product looked great.  The crepe batter was quite tasty, and the combination of flavours wasn't bad.  I just wished that the crepe was a little more crispy and thin.  I will return, and try one of their delightful looking pastries even though it looks to picture perfect to eat.
3 I've tried Suzuya two separate times.  I'm not a big crepe fan so didn't try on either visit.  This recent visit, total cost $15.50:  Cream puff - freshly made, great vanilla filling - rich and creamy.  a little pricey for what you get.  Chocolate cake - again, small portion, not a "traditional" chocolate cake - "frosting" was good, cake itself, a little dry.  Strawberry "crepe" cake  - multiple layers of crepe and strawberry cream.  The cream itself was amazing - i didn't care for the texture due to the crepes.  Fuji apple pie - looks nice.  could use some more apples, decent flavor - probably better warmed up with some ice cream.  Small shop, tucked away behind an oil change biz - unusual location.   French bakeries are more to my liking  pic added
3 I think they are new as I just found them.  Visited with hopes this bakery would be close to the bakeries we frequented while living in Japan.  Bakery has a very limited selection of pastries and treats.  What we tried was very good but very expensive.  Many of the treats we consider standard fare at a Japanese bakery are not available here.  With the high price and limited selection, its just okay.  Will try back in a few months time to see if they have expanded their selection and lowered pricing.
5 Oh my cream puff! These cream puffs are amazing! They have a creamy filling with a layer of fresh whip cream and the puff is light but crunchy.   I've also tried their crepes and they are also delicious. They come out handheld which makes it easier to eat and especially if on the run.   The staff there are really polite and helpful.   Definitely a pastry place I will come back too.
5 Finally I found a very good,delicious crepes in town....went to Suzuya last Saturday try the blueberry cream cheese & strawberry shortcake ohhhh tastes like heaven.....:):):)this is going to be my special treat for myself every time I come to Suzuya......love it!!!!!
4 4 stars!   Not 5 because a lil pricey and wish they would stay open later than 6..Found this hidden gem constantly passing through Warm Springs & Durango. The sign says Crepes & Pastries, didn't know it was a quaint Japanese spot. Decided to try some cream puffs and strawberry shortcake to give to the boyfriend's parents. Being that they're Asian, I knew they won't be into the sweet stuff. Maaan I wish I bought more because all the desserts were soo DERISHUS!! (Delicious with a full mouth). The cream puffs were flavorful, not sweet and light. I was expecting liliha-style creamy and pudding like, but not these! Light and airy and made you wanna eat more! The shortcake was fresh and like the cream puffs not too sweet just like Old school Asians like it! Love this place! So glad I found it!
5 White boy is I'm love with Japanese pastry. So delicate and not over sweet like American cakes. I highly recommend to everyone who has not tried
4 Great place. Prices were great and reasonable. Under $5 for a crepe is fantastic. My only complaint is that we ordered three creeps and they all came out at the same time and mine was cold. Flavor wise this was just as good as JP at Bellagio.
4 I tried Suzuya awhile back.  I was impressed with almost everything.  The shop is really cute and clean.  The employees are friendly.  Desserts are tasty and not too sweet.  I ordered the strawberry shortcake, chestnut cake, and chocolate cake--they are all good and worth trying.  I'm really looking forward to trying their crepes, as there were some being made as I was getting my order to go.  Another plus is how close in proximity they are to me!  Things that I feel neutrally about or dislike... They're closed on Tuesdays (one of my days off) They're only open until 6pm (my morning time) Their prices are bit high
5 I like Japanese desserts because they're not cavity-inducingly sweet.  Since I've had Suzuya bookmarked for almost a year now, today seemed like the perfect day to un-bookmark them.  I was cranky and was in bad need of dessert.  It's a nice and clean little bakery.  I was looking foward to trying everything green tea: green tea cream puff, green tea mille crepe and green tea cake.  They only had the green tea cake...and before I turned green and angry like The Hulk, I saw their chocolate mousse tart with strawberry. So, I had a green tea cake, chocolate mousse tart with strawberry and a few bites of strawberry shortcake.  Then, somebody ate half of my tart!  *pouting ala Grumpy Cat*  Everything I ate was great and tasted just like the desserts I had in Tokyo.  They weren't busy when I went.    The only problem is this place is way too far from my house.  I can't unleash my inner 300lb self.
3 Intrigued by the idea of "Japanese crepes" vs "French crepes" we tried this today as our original brunch locale switched to only serving brunch on Sundays.  We tried the savory ham & cheese crepe & the strawberry crepe. Both very tasty. The crepe itself was light and cream was delicious. I'd of liked more strawberry flavor but it was good.  No one in the bakery could tell me the difference between the 2 versions and I suppose it doesn't really matter but why not just say crepes instead of adding the location?  We took hope a 4 pack of treats to give to our out of town guests tonight.  The down side? they are a bit pricy, their hours, for a city that never sleeps are a bit off and for me personally it's a bit of a schlep.
4 I tried the green tea cake but I didn't particularly care for it. I did love the coconut chiffon cake and the chocolate cake my husband had.  Their stuff is not overly sweet yet really good. I will go back and I do recommend them.
5 Suzuya is now offering a couple of Savory Crepes which makes for a lunch time treat. We decided to try the B.A.T. Crepe-Bourbon Bacon, Arugula, Avocado, and Sun Dried Tomato. The slight sweetness of the crepe worked well with the savory ingredients, and they were nice enough to even split it for us!  The Yuzu Panna Cotta had a flavor almost like a tart lemon yogurt  which was very refreshing without being overly sweet. The Fuji Apple Pie and Apricot-Almond Tart were great as usual (ask for it warmed up....even better!)  The new Rocky Road crepe is another sweet sensation- Kinako(Roasted Soybean Powder) marshmallows, toasted almonds, whipped cream, and chocolate sauce complete with a chocolate dipped Pocky Pretz stick...Delicious!  A few more dining spaces and seating areas have been added to accomodate more guests and another installment in the "Steppin' Out" series has been added:  UYE-"Steppin' Out": Sweet Stop at SUZUYA!!! Saturday, May 4th at 10 am...Hope to see you there!   ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE-(81/100) "Sweet and Savory"
4 Love their banana cream pie!!!! Especially the part that they got real Banana in it lol.....I'm a big fan of mont bland n I'm not really into their thou :( but over all a real good bakery, n the owner is super nice!!!  for sure will go back again!!!!
3 Quaint little place with limited seating and customers that like to hog them forever. I guess my friend raised my expectations a little too high because the crepe wasn't as good as I was hoping it'd be.   Good serving size for the price and toppings, though. The crepe pastry itself was soft and mild. Usually i like mild but everything was to the point of being flavorless.   There were yummy-looking pastries and cakes as well. Next time I have money to blow, I'll try some cakes and iced barley tea as well.
5 First timer there and I FELL IN LOVE! I love their desserts. The Green Tea Cake, Strawberry Shortcake, and Tiramisu was so delicious that my son and I finished it within minutes from getting home. Tiramisu is my favorite and not a lot of people make it the way I think it should be, but Suzuya's one was soooooo good. Will be going back again today and everyday after that.
5 The locals scene in Vegas has been going through a "renaissance" as of late. There are more business' that are being created to appeal to the foodies, as well as the uniqueness that this city has to offer, with its diverse clientele. This has to be the most unique pastry shop in all of Vegas. They specialize in Asian (particularly Japanese) style pastries. I've been here many times, having tried almost all the sweets here, and most of the items I have tried have been fantastic. This time, I came here with a bunch of yelpers at  Nelson's UYE event.  Suzuya is located behind the Jiffy Lube in a strip mall, off of the 215 and Durango, heading west. You'll see the sign "pastries and crepes" off the road, and turn in there.  (if you went past the Sonic Drive Thru, you've gone too far). The parking lot is shared with the other business', but I have never had trouble finding a spot to park.  Once going in, I was immediately greeted by Chef Misuzu and her staff. The pastry chef Misuzu has had an impressive career, working in some of the best 5 Star 5 Diamond establishments including Alex at the Wynn, and the Aria Resort. And if her green tea cake looks familiar to you all, before opening up her own shop, she was also the pastry chef of the Mon restaurant group (Kabuto, Goyemon, Sushi Mon).  There are tables set up with chairs and wooden benches. This store is kept immaculate. On the service counter there are crepe machines, pastry display cases, a drink station, and a register. Over near the crepe machines, there is a list of crepes that you can order. Don't forget to look above the pastry display case, there are apple pies and tarts available. Order from the display case. Next to the pastries is a refrigerated case, where they keep cold drinks, many of them Japanese made, available. After ordering, I sat down and let them deliver my goods too me, since there was a big line.   (Note: While Misuzu keeps a lot of customer favorites in stock, she also changes up her desserts, showcasing the seasonality of her pastries, her creativity and the team)  Anmitsu - This popular japanese dessert is one we don't see very often in America. Suzuya's version uses an agar jelly, red beans, fresh fruits, and tofu mochi which gives it a nice chew. I liked the caramel syrup you can pour on top, and it goes well with green tea ice cream.   Apple Pie - Wow, what a great take on a classic. This one uses a puff pastry-like crust, giving it a extremely flaky texture. The fuji apples used hold their shape well, and the entire dessert is well balanced. Make sure to ask for it warmed, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Tofu Cheesecake - This was probably my least favorite item. While the cheesecake was light and properly made, for my personal preference, it was hard for my palette to get this one, from the tofu. But, others' liked it, so who am I to say?  Rum Raisin Shortbread Sandwich - These little treats were quite delectable. Crumbly, buttery, sablé biscuit sandwiches with rum raisins. The filling was sort of a buttercream, but denser and less buttery, I couldn't figure out what it was, but it was terrific.  B.A.T. (Bourbon Bacon, Arugula, and Sun Dried Tomatoes) Crepe - Even If you're not a big fan of desserts, I urge you to come and try the crepe's at Suzuya, whether sweet or savory ones. These are phenomenal. It is safe to say that the crepe shells themselves.. the best in Vegas. They are sturdy enough to hold the fillings, but once you eat them, they melt in your mouth, letting the fillings shine. This savory crepe is made with bourbon bacon, arugula, avacado, and sun dried tomatoes. All the flavors go extremely well together, and balance out each other. It kept me interested, and wanting more. I could eat 12!!!  I like good pastries... and I LOVE great pastries. Suzuya is a great pastry shop, with a fantastic staff, wonderful food, and a comfortable setting. They are open 10am - 6, every day except Tues. Come try this place out, I am sure you will enjoy it as much as I have.
5 Addictive is the only word that best fits the description for the apple pies here. Individually (yet generous for sharing) sized, perfectly golden pastry, apples cooked and seasoned to perfection. Reasonably priced too. I read somewhere that these pies would change my life. They did, you must try them!!
4 I came here because I came across it on Yelp, I read a lot of great reviews on this place and I'm not gonna lie, the pictures reeled me in, hahaha.   It's a small and cozy bakery shop, very clean and the owners were very kind, which is always nice to encounter pleasurable people because it's welcoming.  I ordered the strawberry shortcake, green tea cake, tofu cheesecake (which I was skeptic because of the tofu) and a strawberry and whip cream crepe. Let me tell you,...I fell in LOVE with the tofu cheesecake!! My new fav!!! The green tea cake very delish too but the strawberry shortcake, sorry to say but it was nothing special, nothing to make it unique from many of the other strawberry shortcakes; however,..it was delicious. So I'm not knocking it I'm just saying it was nothing out of the ordinary. I will say though, the tofu cheesecake,...WOW!! so smooth and velvety in your mouth, the tofu definitely gives it a different texture and for the record you can NOT taste the tofu. Definitely give it a try. The green tea cake, so moist and spongy, it's not overpowering with the flavor of green tea and the hazelnut cream they put in the middle makes it the perfect marriage.   Overall, I am very pleased with this place and will definitely be coming back.
5 The best crepes & pastries ever. They were very friendly & courteous. I love this place. I would give them more than 5 stars. =)
4 I'm glad there is growth in the valley of businesses offering something different. This is the first and only Japanese pastry place. If you're a fan of Kabuto or Goyemons treats, these are the pastry chefs that created those items. For those who have never had Japanese desserts the best way to describe them is decadent, yet delicate. It's not about saccharine, sugary highs, but all about balance. Often they play on flavors that are a bit sweet, a bit savory (think green tea, red bean, sesame, etc).   I picked up some stuff to-go :   Green tea cream puff - solid cream puff. I sliced it in half and half of the cream is vanilla cream and half was nice, strong matcha flavored whip. We make some awesome cream puffs at home and I feel these are just as good.   Brandied cherry black forest - I enjoyed the chocolate mousse in this and appreciated that the cherries were brandied and not the usual neon ice cream cherries.   Yuzu panna cotta - This was bright citrusy pungent flavor that I love about yuzu and the texture was on point of a panna cotta. I get rather disappointed how unbalanced many places are between creamy and gelatine.   Tofu cheesecake - light and fluffy. I'm a big fan of Japanese style cheesecake since it's almost like a whipped mousse instead of being dense. It's one of those things that you can eat a lot of since it's not overbearing.  For the quality, the prices aren't out of line, but this isn't your cheapest bakery either. The quality though and presentation is top notch and something you would expect to see at a on strip patisserie charging for more. If you were going to a dinner party or gifting pastries, this would be one of the places to consider for being beautiful, and having unique offerings.   I will be back for crepes. It's been a long while since I've had a proper crepe. Will be making sure to stop in again when I'm on this side of town.
5 About a month ago I went to Kabuto and after I finished what had tasted like a meal sent down from the Sushi Gods of Heaven,  I was even more blessed with the perfect dessert to complete this glorious meal. It was a piece of a strawberry, crepe layered cake. A light touch of cream sandwiched between multiple thin, delicate, layers of crepes. Something that seemed so fragile and dainty, that turns into a crazy massive rave in my mouth.   Manfriend's birthday was approaching and I thought it would be really cool if I could get my hands on that cake! So I made the call to Kabuto and prayed I could somehow manage to order the cake from them. They said they wouldn't be able to do that for me, but they gave me the contact information to someone who could ;D   And DUH-DA-NA-NAAA, in came Suzuya into my life. I didn't get to reach them for the cake, but I did manage to stop by last weekend. It's located in the corner of the most random spot, and quite small. There's 2 small tables, a corner bar-type sitting area that can fit three, and 2 couches with a tiny coffee table nested in between them. Still, it's a cute little pastry cafe that looks like something I'd see in an asian drama.   I didn't get a chance to get the crepe cause I was immediately drawn to their clear glass of heavenly delights at the counter. I ordered the Strawberry Shortcake and the Green Tea Cake -- the popular choices. All their desserts are very light and fluffy, not too heavy in sugar. The Green Tea Cake pretty much tastes like Green Tea Kit Kats in cake form. I recommend pairing it with their barley tea, they compliment each other so well. The prices aren't the friendliest, they range from $3-4, but it doesn't bother me too much. Someone behind me ordered their crepe and it's definitely something I have to come back here for...I was practically drooling just creepily staring at it from afar.   Oh and as for that layered cake... it goes out fast! From what I know, they try to sell it 1-2 times a week and they sell it by the slice. If you'd like to order the whole cake, you must put in a 48hr advanced order and the price for it is around $40.
4 This small Japanese bakery, opening in October 2012, is owned and operated by a young married couple. Though the dessert case was tempting, we settled on crepes with my wife ordering strawberries and cream and me Nutella with sliced almonds. Watching as the wife prepares the crepes with an assist by hubby, you can tell they put a lot of pride into it. These Japanese style crepes, rolled up like a gyro, proved to be much lighter (that is good) version than what we have had elsewhere.  Both crepes were delicious, but I will be following my lead when ordering on our next visit.
5 This was a very pleasant bakery to visit away from the hustle and tourists. It was like as if you were in a cafe in Japan with a French Pastry Chef. They have so much pride in their art work of making pastries especially for making the Crepe. He wasn't satisfied with the first crepe he made so he threw it away and make another one. In France, they rarely make it to order. I enjoed the delicious crepe filled with custard & apricots. I also enjoyed the coconut cake. Definitely,  I will go back.
3 Was in the area and decided to stop in and try this place out. I got the green tea cake.  It was good bu for the little sliver I got not sure it was worth the $4 price tag.  We also ordered the tiramisu which was good as well but again at $4.50 not sure if it was worth the price. Since we don't live in the area not sure if we'll be back especially since there are other bakeries in the area for us to try.
2 Gotta say, I'm a huge savory crepe fan and if are to this place is not for you, they don't have much in the department I think they had two choices! And it was not that great not for the price and the size of it. I was disappointed because I have lived in the area and was very excited to try, small place but the two stars r for the friendly staff, Maybe ill try the desserts one day.......maybe
4 Whether you want a sweet crepe or something savory, you have to give it a try.  Japanese pastries look good too.    Not much room with only a couple of tables, but very tasty.    French and Japanese foods...who knew???
4 I'm so happy I tried this place out!  I stumbled upon this place because my eye doctor is near here.  I was attracted to the green tea cake.  Had a feeling it was the same chef that was at Goyemon, and it was!  Yippie!! Tofu cheesecake back on my list and Green tea cake and I saw other things to try.  It was about an hour before closing so of course what I wanted to try was all gone.  However, more reason for me to return and drag my fiancé along with me!  Yay I'm a fan!
4 My friend introduced me to this place and I'm glad she did!! I only live 5 mins away from the shop but I didn't know that we have a Japanese pastry shop in the area!!  My friend ordered the strawberry crape and I got the green tea cake.  I never really care for the cake but I loved this green tea cake! Only bad thing was I was still full from lunch....but I will def come back again! :)
5 Not very good location. However, great crepes and cakes. I had strawberry whipped cream crepe, cream puff, and mango tiramisu. It was so delicious and yammy. Very small and cozy place.
5 If I had noticed that the Pastry and Crepe shop next to my work was a Japanese style one, I think I would of visited a lot sooner then I had. I have gone about 3 times now, and every experience has been a delightful one. The cashiers are very nice and answer any questions you may have about the sweets. They also make suggestions if you can't decide. Interior of the place is very clean and hip. Everything is moderately priced from $3-5 dollars per item for the pastries. I usually get about 4-5 items to go each time I go in. The to-go boxes are absolutely adorable and well made, you don't have to worry about to go items getting messed up or smashed.   I got 5 items around Mothers Day, and my mom thought I had paid well over 50 dollars for everything just because how nice the box was and how professional the pastries looked. Unfortunately, I had to burst her bubble, and tell her I had only spent $17 on everything. She loved everything I had gotten her thankfully.   One thing I always suggest: Tofu Cheesecake! It is my absolute favorite!
5 I love how their cakes are not too sweet, they're just right. I also love their crepes~! Savory or sweet, they make them delicious. :D
5 Stopped in for a little afternoon snack and as usual, got our B.A.T Crepe and Fuji Apple Tart. Specials of the day were Millefeuille, and mini Petit Four Barquettes.  The Mille-Crepe has undergone a seasonal transformation to a Mango Mille-Crepe which was very delicious! Larger desserts for parties are also available-Rolled Green Tea Cake and Mango Tiramisu were available for $13.  Chef Misuzu also mentioned to me that she has started doing desserts for Shoku Ramen-Ya, where they serve the Tofu Cheesecake, Yuzu Panna Cotta, and the Fuji Apple Tart...Great news!  Guess what? it is almost that time of year for her KILLER Kabocha Pie too! I can hardly wait!....:9     ALOHA!!!
5 I found out Suzuya from Kabuto, my fav sushi place in town. Suzuya does the bomb strawberry layered dessert for Kabuto. Suzuya only makes strawberry or green tea layered cakes (or crepe or mille-feuille) in limited quantity (and they don't make them daily). This special treat can always be special ordered per customer request.  All Japanese style pastries here are light with just right amount of sweetness. My favorites are layered cake, green tea cake, banana cream pie and cream puff. I also special ordered my mom's 60th birthday cake from Suzuya.(my mom's fav flavor - green tea with chestnut)  Pastry chef did a wonderful job on the decoration! My cake came out beautiful and very delish. Although, Suzuya is in the other side of town from my house, It is totally worth the drive to go there once a while and fix my sweet craving!
4 Cool little place, with tasty treats at good prices.  Winning combination!  Tried the Fuji Apple Pie ($4). This was good...just don't expect super sugary sweet american apple pie (Most Japanese desserts are tame in comparison)!  I admit, I mostly bought it because it looked cool LOL  Also tried the Yuzu Panna Cotta ($3.75): Japanese Citrus with Yogurt. This was pretty tasty...the Yuzu is a very strong flavor though and overpowers everything else in the panna cotta. Gotta love yuzu to love this!   I took some Mini Green Tea Creme Puffs ($1.80ea) to go...brought these home but forgot about them, and they went bad...such a waste!   I'll stop by again to try their Crepes!  Pics! :
4 3.5 stars. I just rounded it up to 4.   What a cute little bakery store! I first came upon this store when I was searching around on yelp and found out that they had mille crepe cakes! I sincerely missed the mille crepe cake I had in NY and I wanted to visit Suzuya to see if their crepe cakes were any similar to the ones I had in NY.   The first time I visited was last month and I went right in the morning. However, they did not have the crepe cake out :( They said they were still making it. I was quite sad that I couldn't try it out on my first visit. Instead, I opted for a piece of their strawberry shortcake and my friend got one of their savory crepes as breakfast.   The strawberry shortcake was okay. For some reason, there was something missing . It didn't make me go "eeeeee!" as most other good pastries do. It was light and fluffy like most Japanese/French fusion bakeries are but not AS fluffy as it can be? Not really sure how to describe it. But my friend's savory crepe was pretty good. I think he got the B.A.T. Very nicely put together. Nothing too overpowering or overwhelming.   On my second visit to Suzuya, they didn't even make the mille crepe cake for that day. I was highly disappointed and ended up not taking anything else in substitution.  Finally, on my third visit to Suzuya, I got to try their strawberry mille crepe cake. While my friends got a Mont Blanc, Yuzu Panna Cotta, and Coffee Jelly.   I wasn't that impressed with their mille crepe cake. One of the things that I noticed was that they put the mille crepe cake in the fridge along with their other pastries. I suppose for other pastries, it's okay. But a mille crepe cake's main ingredient is the cream between each layer of crepe. Once that hits the fridge, it hardens and is not as soft. Same could be said for the crepe itself -- it gets a little stretchy and no longer as fresh. The texture and the feeling of taking a bite of the crepe cake was not satisfying. I think it would be better if they left the cake out of the fridge.   The mille crepe cake I had in NY was left out. Think bakery. They never put it in a fridge. They served the cake fresh most of the time because there's a lot of people that buy it. High turn over rate. However, I did put the cake in the fridge while staying in NY and even though it hit the fridge, the cake's quality didn't change much ... ehh? Quality difference?  However, I really enjoyed their Mont Blanc, which is a chestnut dessert. It has chestnut surrounding it, cake on the inside, and a tart holding it all together. It was really good. Probably the best dessert out of the 4 that we got.  The Yuzu panna cotta was okay. The yuzu was very prominent in the dessert. It was good, but not the type of citrus I liked :P And I never got to try the coffee jelly considering I'm not a big coffee person.    I do want to try more of their desserts to see how they taste. It seems like they always have new items to choose from. Some are part of their basic menu while others constantly change, such as the mango tiramisu or seasonal mango desserts.
5 this is a hidden gem behind the  jiffy lube and sonic burger on the corner of durango and warmsprings. I have been there twice and its already enough to fall in love. this is my first review and i dedicate it to the owners of this cute place. very clean and neat sitting area, very delicious and freshly made crepes, a great variety of delicate desserts at very reasonable prices. owners and employees are very kind and responsive. this is one of the best owner operator local eateries that you can feel the passion of the owners and employees, a much needed break from all franchise and corporate greed that grows on employee labor abuse. as much as I love the great prices at mc donald's and their consistently awesome coffee, i always feel sad for the overly worked employees who talk to me and the drive thru customers at the same time. by the way my favorite crepe is banana chocolate with whipped creme and favorite dessert is  milfoy something.
4 Stopped by for a quick snack and to finally get to sample some goodies.  Husband got the Fuji Apple tart and I ordered the mini green tea cream puff and green tea cake.  As with japanese desserts they were not too sweet and light. The green tea cream puff had the perfect "matcha" flavor, but I don't think it was custard....more of a whipped type filling. The apple tart was yummy and the crust was to die for!  Wish we would've taken one home.  Green tea cake was good as well. Very cute place!
5 Whoah.  Despite living in the area since well before they opened, I only finally tried Suzuya yesterday. And now I know what the fuss is all about.  You can really taste the subtlety of the green tea flavor in their Green Tea Cake. It was a tad difficult to eat with that dainty, fancy fork. But that's a trivial complaint.  Their Rocky Road Crepe is incredible. The toasted almonds, marshmallows, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream combine for a decadent treat that doesn't feel overly heavy. Add a dollop of vanilla ice cream and it doesn't get much better.  Don't miss this small store like I had for the longest time. They sure know what they're doing. Elegant and delicious desserts served with care and attention to detail.
4 Fundamentally a great place to either start or end your day. This place brings me back to the good old days where I would spend my time walking up and down Sawtelle Blvd. in west L.A. for a crepe or pastry. this place is just as small as any Japanese storefront, so it's as authentic as it can be.  Great job on brining more culture to our town!!
5 Must go for tea and desserts place!! Their crepe aren't too sweet compare to other place. The owner are very welcoming. Everytime I get the strawberry and cream crepe add the green tea ice cream. Their mill crepe are soft and with many layers to it. And their barley tea, so fresh!!
5 I feel I'm always the last person to try these new local spots. I can't believe how close this is and I'm just now getting around to trying it. I was back twice in one week, that says a lot. I was heading over to Julie T's place to see the new baby, and I needed to bring something, I was trying to be sneaky and surprise her (and then I saw she already wrote a review) so my plan was foiled. I originally had planned to get an entire coconut chiffon cake, but then decided to buy one of everything so that way we could all try a sample of each. Wow, when we opened the box of treasures, it was like opening a present. We all passed around the desserts, and all you could here was "mmmmm" and "OMG" we couldn't help ourselves. I really couldn't tell you what my favorite was, as they all were so good. I still thinking about the Mille-Crepe and the Yuzu Panna Cotta as well as the Mont Blanc. Surprisingly, the Green Tea Cake was my least favorite, just didn't get me like the rest of them did.   Definitely coming back for the Kobocha pie and I need to try the crepes if I can get passed the other pastries first!
5 Definitely give this place a try! Even though this place is quite small, the crepes and scrumptious pastries make up for it. If this place was a little closer to where I live, I would make this place a weekly morning visit for a joyful cup of coffee along with a try on each pastry. I do look forward to see more options to be added along with the crepe variety. This place also makes cakes for those special occasions. Will try the cake selections next time an occasion comes up.
5 The banana tart is my favorite thing here! I'm not a big fan of bananas but I can't get over this dessert. It is soooooo good. Not too sweet and perfect with my morning cup of coffee.
5 My son's birthday request.  He knows this is the place to get true japanese cake.  Very moist and not too sweet.
5 I tried the custard pudding this morning. It was awesome packed in a small clear glass jar with just enough caramel sauce on the bottom. I cannot wait to try next new stuff over there. Thanx for the good custard pudding
5 I love the crepes ! Perfect consistancy ! Mont blanc is a must try ...would have love to try the crepe cake but had to be ordered in advance .. cream puffs is fluffy and not to sweet very light light and airy !! Dangerously good .. I will definitely be back to order the crepe cake and green tea cream puff
4 On our prior visit we enjoyed a pair of crepes, but on this visit we decided to get pastries for takeout as neither of us was hungry.  We chose a Mont Blanc (a meringue with pureed hazelnuts topped with whipped cream), an anko cream puff (red bean and custard cream) and a piece of chocolate cake layered with ganache.  All 3 were delicious but the Mont Blanc was the clear winner.  We did not have access to a refrigerator so we were forced to eat them all later that same day.
4 First thoughts: adorable and quaint. The space and offerings remind me a pastry shops I enjoy in Hawaii. My friend told me I had to try their Milli Crepe Cake, but due to its popularity, we didn't even get to catch a glimpse of this beautiful concoction. We were advised to call at least a day prior to reserve a slice ($4.50) or cake ($45?).  Everything is so pretty! It was really hard to decide on a pastry, so I went with three, hehe. I tried the special of the day, Millefeuille (also known as a Napoleon; layers of puff pastry alternating with layers of pastry cream, topped with fresh fruits), Yuzu Panna Cotta, and Fuji Apple Pie. Everything was so light and delicious!! Nothing is overly sweet, which makes your dessert time guilt-free. The layers of the Millefeuille were difficult to cut with the dainty knife (although extremely adorable!), but it was airy when you bit into it paired with the wonderful cream. The panna cotta was creamy and firm and the yuzu cut through the dessert with freshness and a citrus kick. My friend got a slice of the Coconut Chiffon Cake and that was light and delicious as well!   They brought our pastries on adorable trays with equally adorable utensils. Seriously, coolest pastry utensils ever. Where do I get these gorgeous forks, spoons, and knives? There was also a carafe of iced water available at the register. Seriously, I don't think you could go wrong with any of the pastries or cakes and I can't wait to try their crepes!
5 So far thr best crepes and green tea cake I ever tried in Las Vegas... good job Suzuya.. but need to make more cakes for me~ so I can try all flavors~ lol very nice decor, good service, and taste awesome!
4 Items Selected:  Kabocha Squash Cream Puff Anko Bean Cream Puff Fuji Apple Pie Mille Feuille Rocky Road Crepe - Slivered Almonds, Pocky, Chocolate, Kinako Marshmallow, Whipped Cream  A relative newcomer to the diverse Las Vegas pastry scene I'd originally been made aware of Suzuya by a friend suggesting the small southwestern store produced the best crepes in town; not particularly a dish I go out of my way for...at least until he also mentioned the phrase mille-feuille and caused me to dig deeper, my research quickly mandating a Saturday visit when already in the area for lunch with a colleague from at Born and Raised.  Small and neat, a simple pastry case and a crepe stone at the front of the restaurant with the kitchen in back and a few stools and chairs for dining in it was just after 10:15 when I arrived at Suzuya and with a couple picking up a custom cake while another woman, clearly a regular, stopped in for two-dozen apple pies I spent some time chatting with the employees about what was best, eventually allowing them to talk me into a crepe to go with a quartet from the case.  Clearly focused on fusion but well-versed in French techniques my tasting of Suzuya started with a pair of crisp and buttery choux puffs filled with traditional Japanese accoutrements and although I'd have personally preferred the squash to be more sweetened the red bean version was exquisite and the pasty textbook, a trend that would continue onward to the buttery lattice of the subtly sweet apple pie and a crisp mille feuille filled to order and garnished with Chantilly cream and fresh fruit - both every bit on par with versions from b.patisserie during my June visit to the Bay and as such amongst the best I've experienced stateside.  Clearly not leaving without at least doing due diligence to the crepe it can only be said that as far as crepes go this was about as good as it gets, the batter light and airy with a silken mouthfeel just robust enough to hold up to the equally light ingredients and a veritable deal at $4.75 which will see me back sooner rather than later to enjoy the mille-crepe cake or whatever Chef Misuzu and Plourde think of next.
5 Cute sweet shop! I usually don't like pie especially apple pie but Suzuya makes theirs with puff pastry and Fuji apples. I am ruined because I can never eat apple pie any other way now :)  The apples were not mushy at all and they warmed it up upon request and with a scoop of vanilla Ice cream you are set!   My newest crush is the custard served in a glass jar. Silky smoothness with a liquid caramel ending.  Eat it chilled and you are sure to be addicted.   They also make all their ice creams so feel free to build your own crepe or order one of their specialties like my favorite "Rocky Road" which consists of ice cream chocolate sauce, house made marshmallow and a pocky stick or try once with fresh strawberries whip cream, and green tea ice cream. They also have delicious savory ones too. The place is cute and small and the service is always with a smile!
5 My experience at Suzuya will be slightly influenced by the fact that I have been to Japan several times and visited bakeries there. With that said, it really is like someone plucked this quaint establishment right out of Tokyo and placed it in Las Vegas.  The decor is very minimalist, but inviting. There aren't a lot of staff there at any one point, but they are very warm and inviting.  The first thing you'll notice is the pristine case of various pastries up for sale. There is a solid mix of iconic French pastries like mille feuille and cream puffs along with some Japanese inspired treats such as the green tea cake and adzuki cream puff.  If you're in the market for overly sweet pastries however, this may not tantalize your sweet tooth. The pastries here are sweet enough to qualify as dessert, but aren't way too sweet.  My personal favorite was the cream puff! Shuukuri-mu or cream puffs are the first dessert I've ever had in Japan, and I can tell you that Suzuya's cream puffs are a far cry from the 'conbini' cream puffs I used to buy everyday. The cream is joined with custard and the pastry its stuffed in as flaky and semi-sweet. A fantastic addition is the vanilla bean mixed into the cream. It gives this puff so much more dimension that what I'm used to!  I also loved Coffee Jelly, which is made from a very bold blend of coffee. It comes topped with a dollop of whipped cream and they give you half and half as well.  On my way out, I purchased 3 slices of their strawberry shortcake to eat for Christmas. The cake with light and fluffy, and the topping as delicious! It's not strawberry season yet, so I found the largest strawberry on top a bit bitter, but that isn't really enough to not warrant it as a delicious cake.  I'd implore anyone who is intrigued by fancier treats and doesn't require a ton of sugar to satisfy them to check out Suzuya! I can't wait to go back & try their crepes!
4 Came in for the crepe cake and they didn't have it. They recommend you call prior and they will set aside whatever you want, which is very nice. We ordered ham and cheese crepe, custard cup and iced barely tea. Nothing much left since we came in late.   Very friendly and accommodating.  Food was good and place is quaint. Japanese style bakery is great since they have a variety of flavors. Also everything is homemade and seasonal.
5 First time here, and I must say they have great pastries. You can taste the quality of  ingredients i.e the strawberries or real vanilla bean. Look forward to our next visit.
5 It was love at first bite. I was in the neighborhood and finally got the chance to check Suzuya out. The place was pretty busy, but luckily that gave me ample time to peruse the display case and figure out what I wanted to order. I couldn't resist the strawberry crepe cake and a red bean cream puff for my fella.   The ordering and payment process is very convenient and I was out the door in minimal time with my adorable little box of desserts. I made it as far as my car before I was compelled to take a bite of the crepe cake. Holy cow! It was absolutely amazing. The flavors were so subtle and yet explosive. The flavors were right on and I can't believe it took me as long as it did to give them a try. I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but this place truly blew my mind. Not overly sweet and the all-natural flavors really shown.   I heard after the fact that the crepe cake is hard to come by, only making me wish I had bought more than one when I had the chance. Have no fear, I will be back... and soon.
5 Why can't Suzuya be open past 6pm?!  If Suzuya were located on Spring Mtn, it would probably have double/triple the amount of reviews and much needed hype.  This is a definite must for anyone who lives in the SW.  Typically I like my crepes slightly crisp but everything about the Banana/Chocolate/Whip Cream crepe i ordered was perfect.  It was served cold and the crepe was so light and delicate.   The crepe had a slight pleasant chew, almost mochi-like.  Sometimes crepes are overly sweet but I could eat several of these in one sitting.  In addition to the crepe, we also got the Coconut Chiffon Cake and the Apple Pie.  All of the desserts are really light, not overly sweet and highly addicting.  We ordered a slice and inhaled it in 3-4 bites.   Now I see why people order whole cakes in advance.  The apple pie had great crust and had enormous chunks of apple.....before i cut into it, i was thinking let their be big chunks of perfectly cooked al dente apples and Suzuya delivered.  I live 5 mins from Suzuya and have now just discovered it .  I'm going to have to make up for much lost time.   Do yourself a favor and check it out asap!
5 Cutest couple ever! I get my massage at I Foot next door & then self indulge further with Suzuya's crepes!!
4 Cute little cake/crepe shop! Good place to go for a dessert!  I tried the greentea cake & it was delicious! It was layered with azuki cream filling.  They had all sorts of pastries (strawberry shortcake, cream puffs, custard pudding, etc)   Next time I'm definitely going to try their crepes! It looked so yummy~
3 I really wanted to like this place since there was so many rave reviews. Sadly, it fell short of my expectations. I came here more than once and tried out many different items before I decided to write this review.   This is a cute little place that looks clean and crisp, with a few chairs and tables. Everyone here is super friendly so I would give it a thumbs up for great customer service. However, what disappointment me was the food. I had expected more.   Mille crepe cake- I question if this one is fresh. It was slightly sticky, dense, and lacked flavor. It had a slight weird spongy texture and taste. I had a hard time getting through it with a fork. Maybe the crepe cakes from Lady M in New York City has set the bar too high (layers of decadence that is flavorful yet not too sweet) but this one just didn't come close.   Crepe w/ strawberries and whipped cream + 1 scoop of green tea ice cream- This one is probably the best thing I had here. I actually enjoyed eating this crepe. The green tea ice cream here tasted way better than my green tea cake. This one I would recommend eating when coming here.    Green tea cake- I love my green tea. I drink it on a daily basis. I eat all kinds of cakes or desserts with green tea. I love azuki beans too. So with the combo, I was looking forward to trying this. But this one tasted a hint too bitter and the azuki beans actually tasted a bit weird with the green tea. The green tea, azuki beans cream, and the chocolate brought together a flavor that was actually weird and unpleasant. A hint too much of artificial flavoring. I took 2 bites and I was done.   Mont Blanc (chestnut)- The best part is that chestnut on top. But the rest wasn't all too exciting. It had too much cream. The chestnut flavor tasted too artificial. I thought it tasted weird and nothing like chestnut flavor.    Strawberry shortcake- Not sure what is the hype with this one. I thought it was decent. It just taste like a strawberry cake.   Amount spent: Around $25.   Overall, I think their crepes are pretty good. Everything else, I would probably skip. The customer service here is great. Everything looks really cute. I like the box they placed the cakes in.   Would I come here again? Maybe when I'm having a crazy crepe craving and happen to be in the neighborhood...
5 Mmm! Close to home and delicious! Try a banana, strawberry, Nutella crepe with vanilla ice cream. It comes out hot with the ice cream wrapped inside and is so amazing!  The ambiance is wonderful and the staff is very friendly!
4 Great place, great prices most crepes are about $8-$9 in other places here you can get one for about $5. Not a very large variety but very filling. We sampled the tofu cheesecake and that was very good, didn't even taste like tofu. Downside they are closed Tuesdays and that is my day off!!..
4 I used to go to goyemon before and they had delicious greentea creme brulee at there and one of my friend told me that the pastry chef has her own store and that is here!! she is so nice and their cake is so delicious . The cake is expensive than other place but it is worth to have it .  One tip is that if you want to buy birthday cake then have to order in 3day advance~
5 Cute pastry shop by my house. Location is a bit off and hidden, but would do phenomenal in a more exposed area. Especially on spring mountain.   Honestly everything you order here will be ahmaaaaaahzing!! I ordered the chocolate cake for my boyfriend's mom's birthday and they never want to go back to regular cake anywhere else. Gonna start doing this for everyone I know.   The boxes and details the owners put into their work is so professional and thoughtful. Other bakeries I've been to just throw everything together and by the time you open it up, it's all mashed up or smeared. But not suzuya!!   If you're into pastries that aren't too sweet like American made cakes and want japanese fusion authenticity, you gotta go here.  Try the: -Mont Blanc -millefeuille -B.A.T. Crepe -chocolate cake -creme puffs -Apple pie (ask to warm up and order the vanilla ice cream too!!)  Call ahead of time to make sure they have what you want and they could put some aside for you or they can make some specially for you the next day.   The owners are so kind and helpful, they make the place that much better.
5 Great and delicious dessert. Not a bad selection of items as well.. plenty to choose from and the taste is very similar from Japan.  The tofu cheesecake was definitely one of the best. Not too sweet like American cheesecake. Green tea cake and Mille-feuille are definitely a must try items.
4 Been here a few times and always get the strawberry and creme crepes.   Seriously the best crepe I've ever had.  The creme is perfect, not too sweet and the taste of the crepe itself is just sweet enough.  I guess I had to subtract a star because I've made my own standard crepes before and I know how cheap and easy it is to make them, so to pay around $10 for two is difficult though they are way better than my own.  Also, people rave about the crepe cake which is strawberry creme layered between maybe 10 crepes and cut like a cake...had it once...it's ok, but the much better item is just a freshly made strawberry and creme crepe.  Go for it!
5 Bought some pastries for the fambam while visiting Vegas.  My family really enjoyed the chocolate cake.  It was moist and not too sweet.  We all loved the cream puffs too! once again not too sweet.  I never really liked beard papa's because i thought it was too sweet... but not Suvaya's.    They can make cakes but you have to order atleast 48 hours in advance.  Otherwise, they only have the single serving cakes.  People were in line for the crepes too!
5 This is where we go for quality desserts for ourselves or when we have dinner guests. Japanes pasteries are on the same bar as french pastries. The husband and wife owners are super friendly, passionate about their shop, and serve up the best tasting treats in town. It's not "cheap" but you get what you pay for with real butter, fresh baked daily and a super clean kitchen.
4 The GF has been spending some time in Vegas for school, so it gives us the opportunity to explore some spots.  We stopped in here on a Saturday morning.  Like lots of things in Vegas that are not on the Strip, this is in a strip mall location.  It's got a nice, clean look inside, with dark hardwood floors, and a few tables and a narrow counter top along the front window.  The back-left portion is dominated with a display case, ordering counter, and behind that some storage and I'm guessing a kitchen.  The display cases are impressive - they've got lots of great pastries in them, definitely Japanese style (i.e. less sweet and lighter).  Presentation on the items was beautiful, and the attention to detail was very evident.  Their display case has a no pictures sign on it.  I had a tasty green tea cake, which had delicate chocolate shavings and a piece of chocolate lace on it, that had a nice airy texture and great flavor.  Coffee was interesting in that it was a pour over, but wasn't advertised as such.  Attention to detail could further be seen when they were making crepes, as they used an IR temperature gun to check the crepe surface before pouring any batter on it, and did this for each crepe they made.    In hindsight, I should have ordered a crepe as I tend to really like the Japanese-style crepes . . . definitely something I'll have to do in the future.  Definitely worth checking out if you want something that's a little lighter and less sweet, but still compliments coffee well.
5 This place is great tried the Mille strawberry crepe cake and the strawberry shortcake. Wasn't too sweet just nice and delectable.  I would definitely recommend this place!
5 Great crepes place ...crepes is to die for pair with coffee the store n bathroom super clean people here is so super friendly ...keep up the good work guys:) There's plenty of choice of drink too coca cola,ramune,calpico and of course hot tea,ice tea ....
5 Love love love this place! Best crêpes in town. Omg this place needs 10 stars  defiantly check them out!
5 My wife and myself have been meaning to sample menu items and write our review of this business for quite some time. Something always somehow seemed to interrupt our schedule and postpone our visit. Living on the strip makes its location somewhat out of our normal routines and travel. Persistence has its rewards though. Our arrival was approximately 2:00 PM. We were welcomed immediately as were other customers who came in while we were there. This gem though quaint and off the beaten path holds some surprisingly, luscious, treats for those accustomed to traditional bakery fare. Cleanliness is immediately evident accompanied with a warmness to your spirit. Looking in the crystal clear display case were many inviting, delicious looking offerings that would tempt and be almost irresistible to one even following a  most rigid diet. We purchased three selections but wanted extras. A slice of coconut chiffon cake, a banana, chocolate, whipped cream crepe, and one anco bean cream puff.  All were heavenly enjoyable, light, refreshing, very satisfying without any overpowering of the usual sugar sweetness. Exquisite would  be a good expression for a discriminating critic. The owner(S) and staff have excelled in their execution of talent in pastries and cakes. I would recommend any of their delights a pairing with Dolce Far Niente. Delicious late harvest wine. Total wine stocks  this at 77.00 . This is 375 ml- (12.6 OZ) with 2 to 3 ounce serving per person . If you are of no price concern then Chateau d'yquem  of course is the supreme compliment. For us we anticipate our return for more of these scrumptious, enchanting and pleasing yummies. You won't regret your indulgence of their delectable treats should you be so fortunate to visit there. Alright, for all you cowboys and cowgirls--Yeehaw!
3 Ehhhh... It was just "ok" for me. Came in on a Saturday at about 4:39, and it was packed so I took it as a sign of good things to come. After about 15 minutes of waiting in line to order, I made it to the counter and placed my order for slices of cake to bring home to my family to sample. I got the green tea cake, coconut chiffon cake, chocolate cake, strawberry shortcake, and the layered crepe cake with strawberry mousse filling. They packaged my goods for me to go, and I excitedly made my way back home.   My palate is definitely biased toward Asian flavors, but I guess not when it comes to dessert. These Japanese style cakes had a great, light and spongy texture to the cakes themselves but the fillings and frosting lacked a lot of flavor. To me, everything but the chocolate cake tasted the same and was bland and failed to satisfy my sweet tooth. To be fair though, the chocolate cake was pretty amazing! I may come back to try their crepes but definitely not the cakes unless it's chocolate.
5 Gorgeous and tasty pastries. I especially love the Japanese style crepes. The Rocky Road is amazing and the Nutella one is also great. I have my eye on the green tea eclairs for next time. And there will be a next time!
5 My new fav dessert spot!! Not only is this place close to my house but every crafted dessert is soo yummy and irresistible! I've always looked for desserts that has the perfect balance of sweetness and this is it! Their desserts are not overwhelmingly sweet and they have some really unique flavors!
5 Amazing pastries and crepes in a charming little space. The crepes are Japanese style, lighter than French. Went twice last week and had the Rocky Road and the blueberry and cream cheese -- both were great!  Also took away a green tea eclair, which had a lovely delicate flavor, and the tofu cheesecake, which was the perfect texture and also delicious.  Chatted a bit with the owners -- they were very friendly. Judging by the number of customers who came in while I was there, this place won't be a delightful secret for long!
5 Their desserts are very light. It's not super sweet so if you're looking for a sugar overload this is not the place. The strawberry Milli crepe cake is delicious! The strawberry whip cream crepe is fantastic as well. I'd highly recommend both. I'm looking forward to trying more desserts in the future.
5 Crepes are great ! Haven't tried any or the other desserts myself but my brother loves their mini apple pies .
5 This is my favorite bakery in town!  The cakes, the pastries, the crepes, the jellos and the puddings are all delicious.  The products here make me nostalgic of Japan.
5 Awesome pastries here. Keep in mind that the pastries here are not over stuffed with sweet stuff like candy bars, yet they have lots of delicate flavor throughout. Elegant, tasty goodness. Mmmmmm
4 Savory crepes are very very yummy.  I visited after tasting crepe cake at friend's birthday party.   I ordered puff pastries, BAT and ham crepes, coffee jello, green tea cake and mont Blanc.   I would recommend highly for the mil crepe cake and green tea cake but others were just okay.
5 What a heavenly surprise I walked into this evening. Fifteen minutes before they were closing my eyes were met with delectable treats. I snagged the Coconut Chiffon Cake, Panna Cotta and the Fruit Tart. I could not wait to get home and try them all! As I was heading out the door my eye caught the list of crêpes and I knew I would have to give those a go another time. Each dessert was light which was exactly what I was going for. And the flavor was incredible for each! Creamy, silky goodness! I was thoroughly impressed considering their location was in a random parking lot next to a nail salon and a Jiffy Lube. And I've been living 2 miles away for almost 3 years and never thought to stop in. I already cannot wait to go back. And the employees were very nice and never made me feel like I was being pushed out the door even thought I came in close to closing time. Heavenly treats I will be back for.
5 I'm half scared to write this review in fear that my favorite Japanese bakery in Vegas will become overrun with hordes of people. Nonetheless, this place does really deserve recognition for their quality and service.  This very small shop only bakes a limited amount of pastries daily. They have their regular stock of goods daily such as the green tea cake, strawberry cream cake, and anko (red bean) cream puffs. The first two are good but not astronomically mind blowing and I would honestly skip the cream puff.  DAT APPLE PIE THOUGH. Rumored to be the best apple pie in Vegas, it looks deceivingly plain compared to the other desserts and pastries. Sitting directly on top of the refrigerated dessert display, one might make the unforgivable mistake of not even noticing the pie. Get it, try it, and love it! Ask them to warm it up for you in the oven if you plan on sitting and chilling there for a bit. If you're feeling like a slight masochist and glutton, add a scoop of vanilla ice cream to it as well. The crust is perfectly flaky but still not too dry. The filling has the perfect amount of sweetness. Combined together they make a heavenly combination almost as perfect as Brad and Angie, Elsa and Anna, peanut butter and jelly, hot cocoa on a cold rainy day, etc.   They also offer seasonal special pastries depending what fruits and produce are in season. For summer it's usually mango desserts and for fall it's kabocha (Japanese pumpkin/squash). My favorite specials are the mango tiramisu and the mango mille crepe.   As previously stated, they only bake small batches of goods so the earlier you go get your pastries, the better. They sometimes start running out of popular items around 2/3 p.m. You can call and ask them to reserve a certain pastry for you if you already know what you want.  Customer service is on point. The patissiere, the nice young Japanese lady, is always there whenever I go. She always greets everyone with a big smile.  You can really see she's got a passion for what she does.  Desserts are a bit more on the pricier side but then again, this is a small bakery that serves good quality goodies.
4 best pastries in town. not too sweet just right. the apple pie certainly is my favorite. i wish they have specialty coffees though :-(
5 .
5 Cute, delicious and hidden little joint! I had the B.A.T. savory crepe and a strawberry shortcake, both on point! I want to go back soon to try more of their pastries!! I'm so happy they are close to home.
5 I had the strawberry and creme filled crepe and it was delicious. The staff there are so friendly.
5 5 stars are not enough! we ordered the strawberry shortcake, green tea cake and banana, chocolate and whipped cream crepe and everything was perfect! T'was not too sweet and the flavors are so pleasing and goes so well together! i can't believe it took us so long to try it! will defnitely come back for more! Did I mention that it's just down the street from our house?? there goes my diet!!!
5 Fantastic sweet pastries and crepes! I think that's how you translate their name, anyway. I don't know Japanese.  Their immense reputation certainly precedes them, and I've probably even tried one of their creations at Goyemon a long time ago. But even knowing I would almost certainly enjoy Suzuya, I wasn't motivated to make the drive out until a timely UYE that followed the nearby monthly Chaiya Food Fair today. I'm so, so glad that I finally went.  I ordered the B.A.T. - bourbon bacon, arugula, tomatoes, avocado, house-made mayo, balsamic vinaigrette, all wrapped in a great, almost spongy crepe. This is by far the best savory crepe I've had, and I'd recommend it as a "meal" to precede all your desserts. In terms of sweets, I had a banana-hazelnut cream tart, which I almost absent-mindedly started eating before realizing how good it was. And my other dessert order, a mango mousse, was topped with diced mango and a coconut-dang-it-what's-the-word-Nelson-used? and was heavenly all the way through.  I was also lucky enough to try what Michael K. ordered. I actually started off on those, first taste being a nice piece of apple pie that he requested to be topped with green tea ice cream. To make this delight, they use puff pastry and fuji apple, two of my favorites, and it's quite possibly the best apple pie you'll find around Vegas. I believe that I described this as "really, really good."  I also tasted a bit of a custard atop a thing layer of sponge cake, which was also very good, and practically half a cannoli crepe, which was not overly sweet but still a treat with the ricotta cheese, crunchy pistachio bits and semi-sweet chocolate pieces. Finally, I tried a green tea eclair with a white chocolate topping, and I almost could have had the white chocolate with that touch of green tea powder by itself.  I have a few more treats in my fridge waiting for me to recover from the food coma, and I'm confident that I'll enjoy those as well. (UPDATE 4/30/14: custard pudding awesome, yuzu panna cotta relatively restrained on yuzu flavor.) I won't qualify my recommendation with "sweets" or whatever: Suzuya is a must-try, period.
5 Good japanese italian bakery by the wonderful Miss Suzu. (hence the name Suzuya. "Suzu" + "ya = shop)   freshly made items daily.   My most recent visit was after the monthly Chaiya Monastery Food Festival with other yelpers. I had ordered the mont blanc (usual favorite item to get) and by recommendation of Nelson and Sylvia, i got the custard pudding as well.   If you dine in, they'll put your dishes on a japanese style tray, with utensils. Payment is easy through their mounted square system.   Custard Pudding - very smooth and creamy. Not too sweet. Have a sauce on the bottom, similar to one with a flan. great combination. forms a wonderful medley of flavors   Mont Blanc - a dessert that is wonderfully prepared. whipped cream in the center, with piped lines of super aromatic, flavorful chestnut paste-like cream around forming the exterior. topped with a perfectly peeled sweet chestnut.   I've tried a few other desserts as well but not too fresh in my mind. XD But nothing has disappointed me yet. All are prepared wonderfully with an italian taste with a japanese flare. Not too sweet. Even my mom loves it !
5 Wow, this might be the best crepes I've ever had. I had the cannoli crepe, and it was amazing. A definite must try.
5 I love this place!  The desserts are fantastic and I am determined to try them all.  Haven't had a dud yet.
5 This japanese pastry shop is tucked away in the southwest of Vegas, but it is worth the drive. What's great about Japanese pastries and confections is that they are typically not as sweet as most other places.  It is a delicate balance to make such delectable deserts, but they do it well.
5 Found this place by accident. And now  my husband and I are hooked.  If you want the good stuff you have to come early. I had a nutella and almond crepe.. I love love it.  Some places have tough and rubbery crepes. But here  it is perfect. I would recommend you try it.  This place is a bit pricey, but the quality is worth it.
3 I'm with Vanessa- heard so many great things about this place that I expected them to blow my mind, but found that it was just okay. Maybe better than okay, as they have some very unique flavors, but for what I got I just wasn't wowed.  Coffee menu is small, service is very personable but a bit on the slow side. Opted for the ako cream puff (chef special) and green tea éclair (chef favorite). Both were very light, which I appreciated as I am not much of a sweet tooth. But the dough for both seemed to be the same, overall just seemed very similar despite my effort to try two different items- should have gone for the yuzu pana cotta as I initially wanted, but thought that would be piggish of me.  Super sweet cashier, beautiful desserts and cakes. Will have to return for the yuzu pana cotta and an iced green tea on a hot day. Or a savory crepe for lunch, they sound delish!  Side note for first time visitors: it's in the same plaza as Fish N Bowl, signage just says "Pastries and Crepes", NOT Suzuya.
5 The service was great, they were very nice and made helpful suggestions with the menu. Blueberry and cream cheese crepes yummy, home made ice cream can't go wrong.
5 Ate here for the first time today...yummy!!!  They did a wonderful job recommending things to try.  Had a nutella almond strawberry ice cream crepe...perfect
4 Love the crepes here! I always get the Nutella & Almond with some crunchy chocolate and strawberries added to them. The green tea cake is very light and fluffy. Like most Japanese pastries, it's not sweet at all. I didn't like their strawberry cake too much though. But always came for their crepes.
5 The best crepe cake. Their crepe is like the I had in Tokyo. The apple pie is amazing, buttery and flaky crust. Not overly sweet. They make their own ice cream, Shoyu caramel and matcha ice cream are very good. My must stop place if I came to vegas.
4 FINALLY!  I've had this place bookmarked and heard about it for months before we finally made it here after eating at the monthly Chaiya Monastery Food Fair yesterday.  A small bakery with modern decor and friendly staff, the boyfriend, a few friends, and I came here for dessert.  I'd been admiring the coconut cake from afar via Yelp photos thus I knew I wanted a slice to go.  It was warm out, so I enjoyed a scoop of yuzu ice cream there, refreshing and light.  I very much appreciated the self-serve complimentary pitcher of ice water on the counter.  Everything in the case looked delectable with beautiful presentation.  I had my coconut cake today and it was delicious, a sponge cake with frosting that was not too sweet.  I didn't know they also offered sweet and savory crepes because I've only ever heard this place referred to as "Suzuya," not by its full name, which is "Suzuya Pastries & CREPES" -now I know! I sampled the boyfriend's vanilla and chocolate crepe with vanilla ice cream and it was very good.  I look forward to our next visit when my goal is to get one of the crepes for myself as well as try their famous green tea cake.
5 I couldn't ask more - this cute cake shop offers good varieties of Japanese-style cakes and pastries.  Their Mont Blanc tastes more traditional and authentic than Sweets Raku. Cream puffs are divine. Mille crepes? Thank you, Thank you, Thank you! Everything comes with just the right amount of sugar and attention-to-detail finishing touches. Quality over multiple visits is consistent, which is a big plus.  The showcase is small but with daily specials, and items in it look so attractive that I haven't been able to order their crepes, however I'd eager to try!  A logical solution to the problem is simple - I have to visit more often. Q.E.D.
5 Japanese pastries share a bit with European pastries, but have developed their own aesthetic and taste. This pastry shop is true to the Japanese pastry style. It's a light flavorful snack, not filling. Look up the owners, both formally trained pastry chefs.  We have become regulars here since their opening. They serve pour over style coffee that is some of the best in Las Vegas, but you'll need to wait 5 min for a cup. You can grab the iced coffee to go. Their crepes are amazing, light and perfectly done. Their cakes are worth ordering. And of course their pastries are impeccable. But arrive early, many of them sell out by mid-day. You are lucky if you get a seat. Not much seating and it's almost always occupied. If you're a fan of good and light pastries or great coffee, I recommend you give this place a try.
5 Any time I'm craving anything sweet, I don't think of anywhere else to go besides Suzuya. They have a variety of individual pastries and crepes to choose from. I've tried almost everything they sell, but my favorites are the green tea cake, the anko (red bean), green tea and hazelnut cream puffs. I appreciate the business even more because the owners, with the help of others, are always there with a smile on their faces. Definitely will be coming back for more!
5 Love this little gem. It like watching an artist when he makes the crepes. I've never seen someone take so much effort into making these. He really makes sure the temperature perfect before cooking. And he filling is perfect nothing overpowers and the way it is rolled you gets a perfect bit all the way. And the pastries are to die for. I swear you have to try the pistachio ganache. They are a dollar each for tiny pieces but worth it. It's so smooth and my mouth waters just thinking about it.
4 This place is pretty solid. My family came in 10 minutes before they closed and every seat was filled (albeit there are only a few seats available, but I would have expected them to be completely dead by that time.) One of the associates offered us a sample of the green tea eclair and unfortunately, I wasn't wowed by it and it also left a less than pleasurable taste in my mouth. I was wanting to try their green tea cake originally, but after that, I was a little scared.   We tried:  Coconut Chiffon Cake: Hands down my favorite. It wasn't too sweet and the cream inside, along with the actual cake itself literally melted in my mouth. I would keep coming back for this alone.  Strawberry Shortcake: Again, not too sweet-so I immediately liked it, BUT it was a little dry :( I definitely think that us coming in SO close to their closing time was a huge factor in that though. Next time, we will go earlier in the day.   Apple Pie: They heated it up for us (even though they were closing in 4 minutes) and it was delicious. My bf wasn't too impressed by it, but I thought it had a great balance of sweet, tart, & crunchy. Probably would have been better with vanilla ice cream though ;)  The service is definitely hospitable and they even asked us if we wanted it "for here or to-go" and they didn't give us bewildered looks when we said "for here". Shows that they really appreciated our business even though they were literally closed by the time they brought out our order. We will definitely come back to try other pastries they offer, especially their savory crepes! Can't wait!
5 If I lived closer, I would be here everyday! The crepes are spectacular! Best in town I believe and I've been to quite a few places.  The single serve cakes are also delicious but when ordering a bigger version, it will cost you quite a bit. Everyone here is very friendly and the small sitting area is always clean. One of my favorite places for sure.
4 This is such a great place! The crepes are delicious. They have a great selection that you can customize. I had the canolli crepe, could have used more ricotta filling, but it was still good. My fiance customized his with custard filling with shoyu caramel ice cream... yup shoyu caramel ice cream.. it was awesome. We also bought custard pudding, the milli crepe cake and the green tea cake. If you LOVE green tea, the green tea cake is for you! It taste exactly like green tea, and not too sweet.
5 Great price, great coffee, great dessert, great staffs. Everything just great great great!!
4 The crepes here are well prepared and delicious.  I love the texture and chewiness of the crepe and the flavors that contrast the light fluffiness of the dessert.  They have a mille crepe which is so simple but so damn yummy.  It's pink fluffy strawberry creme layered with their crepe.  I have to say you must try it.  I also had the banana, chocolate and whip creme crepe with shaved almonds.  They were all very simple flavors but together wrapped in their signature crepe, it was delectable.
