4 I shoot at this place on weekend and I love it. If I want to do my tactical skill I shoot at the desert that I can't to at the shooting range.
4 Great Facility!  They have a number of different areas....  Shotgun complex with what seems like endless trap/skeet stations... plus an area for 5-stand.  This area is lighted so the nights that it is open... it is super light out.... It's actually nicer to shoot at night because you don't have the sun beating down on you broiling you to death.  Shotgun course... like a golf course where you take a golf cart out ... offers something different from station to station.  (I've not tried this one yet but my gf's husband has and he said it's awesome.  So, will have to plan a trip to do this specifically... but I don't know if it's open at night... I don't think so.)  A rifle/pistol range... this area has 2 different areas... one side is open to the public and the other is a bit further down and is for private functions.  Both have covered areas so that if you go during the day you won't get too cooked.  The target stands have a few different distance options so that's good if you are looking to improve your accuracy at specific distances.    An archery range... I haven't tried archery yet... but I will one day.  As a local, I like to go during the week when they are open at night.  Less crowded and calmer. The weekends can get crowded and crazy... not my cup of tea. You can rent shotguns (12 gauge and 20 gauge) at the shotgun complex and 22 pistols at the pistol range. If you're looking for a class and/or instruction, contact them and they will let you know who or when something is available.  Plus they post to their web site. Before being allowed on any of the courses, you must watch a safety video for each course that you plan to use.  So... for your first visit... allow like 20 extra minutes for paperwork and the video.    The service is great.....  Really nice folks in there.   They don't have a restaurant up there... but they do have vending machines.  I suggest eating before you get there and bring a bottle of water with you.    Entire facility is clean and well kept.  Location... out in Utah as I call it... Take Decatur and head north... and keep heading north and then head north some more.  It will eventually end at the shooting complex.
5 I love this facility despite it being a little far out of town. They have an excellent pistol range up to 50 yards and 30 lanes. The rifle range has just as many lanes but twice the distance at 100 yards. It is always staffed well and well maintained. The shotgun range offers a full 25 station skeet shooting area and they have a separate area for archery.
5 This is a great place to go and shoot.  They have a section for handguns/rifles, skeet, and archery.  There are a ton of lanes in each section to accomodate a lot of people and with enough room so you don't feel cramped.  They have target slots from 3 feet out to 100 feet, so you are bound to find your sweet spot somewhere in that range.  It is well staffed and the people on the range will help you with any questions you may have, including checking out your shooting stance.  I know this because I was doing it all wrong with my new handgun and a nice gentleman working there helped me correct my stance and hand position on my gun, which resulted in me getting better and my target being destroyed by my newly discovered shooting prowess!  Rambo watch out!  I think it may have helped my husband shooting as well.    The also offer ammo and targets, in case you forgot yours, and snacks if you get the munchies on the range.  They even have pretty targets in case you aren't into boring grid ones.  I tried to get my husband to get a flower target, but alas, I lost that battle.  The place makes you feel safe too.  The people on the range watch out for everyone and make sure everyone is behaving and are doing what they are supposed too.  They are quite strict with the rules and will fuss at you if you do anything wrong, but you know it is just to keep everyone safe.  The rules aren't really too bad since you are surrounded by hundreds of people who are ARMED to the teeth!   And for you reloaders out there, you can collect a ton of brass for pennies on the dollar, if you are interested in that sort of thing.  The park has a big table covered in brass just waiting for you to pick through it and get the caliber you want to work with.  It is on the way out, so you don't even have to lug it with you to the range.  Shooting is a new hobby of ours and the CCSP really makes it fun to go out and shoot stuff up.
4 This place looks amazing. How did I not know it existed?  Just wish their prices were a bit better, but the range facilities themselves are great.
4 Such a peaceful place to shoot.  It's beautiful there.  Went for the first time with the hubby on a Friday and paid $9 per person.  We had to watch a safety video for about 8 minutes and then off we went to our assigned table.  The staff and RSOs were super friendly and graciously helped with our questions.  I loved how they emphasize safety!  The only thing that did bug me was a worker that had a huge voice.  I can hear him loud and clearly over my EPs.  He scared me.  Other than that, awesome.
4 This place is worth going to once in a while.  I love that there is plenty of lanes at the pistol / rifle range.  What I do not like is the variety of "service" you get here. I seem to get excellent service with my wonderful wife with me.  When I go by myself, it seems they're not as friendly.   I don't blame them though! ;)  The range officers and those that work at the counter are nice.  I like the fact that they're open until 10pm on Wednesdays.  I do wish they were open much later during the summer.  The shotgun range is a nice place as well.  They are friendly and when I went with a group of people from work we had a good time and the range officer was professional and friendly.  Targets and ammo are sold in case you forget something.  Only thing to really look out for are those people who don't know what they're doing.  I was actually swept a few times during a visit.  I tried to be friendly about it and help the group out but then I left because I didn't want to deal with it, they didn't want to listen.
5 Perfect day for target practice with the pistol. Sure beats an indoor range when the weather is cooperating. Today it was perfect barely even a breeze. Friendly staffers very cheap and you can buy ammo there if you don't have your own. Its a bit  of a drive unless you live in Aliante but definitely worth it!
