5 I would give Danyal 10 stars if it would let me!  I have been going to her for a couple of years.  She is so much better than any other lash artist, and I have tried  A LOT.  She takes her time to make them absolutely perfect.  They also last much longer than when I have had them done other places.    She is simply the best at what she does.  You won't be disappointed.
5 Danyal is really nice and I was completely satisfied with my lash extensions! She tells you every detail you need to know about your lashes and makes sure you're 100% satisfied.
5 Just got lashed! So far so good! Loving what I see! She was very professional and my lashes look very natural! She's definitely well experienced and knows what she's doing.
5 Danyal is by far the best at eyelash extensions I've had! Although Ido bikram yoga and I lose lashes, the 2 times I've had Danyal do them they hold up and still look amazing! Go see her she is great and fast!
5 I love love love Danyal's work on my lashes. She was gentle, patient, and completely professional. Her work is detailed and you will not be disappointed. Make your appointment now!
5 I love my lashes!! Danyal was so very friendly and informative as it was my fist set. I kept falling asleep she was so gentle. A fantastic relaxing experience. Thank you!!!
5 I had my lashed done for the first time on Saturday and  Danyal was amazing!  She is incredibly warm and friendly and I was so relaxed that I slept through half the appointment!  My lashes turned out beautiful.  I am extremely pleased with my experience.  Thank you for doing such a wonderful job Danyal!
5 Thank u danyal...although I don't see u much but I'm always relaxed when I see u. Usually do all the facials but this time I did the body wrap. Felt really good after it and looking forward into coming to u for more treatments.
5 Danyal is very professional and knowledgeable about her products and skin care. She is always friendly and makes you feel pampered. Her lashes are high quality and long lasting. The music she plays when doing a treatment is vhy soothing.
5 Danyel is the BEST at eyelash exstensions............my first time with her was great, she made me feel so comfortable and explained the whole process of eyelash extensions,at the end of my appt, my lashes looked AWESOME, she is easy to book appt"s with..I can"t wait for my next appt with her!!!! finally someone that can do lashes right,I tried 4 other lash artists, but none could do what Danyel can do. My search is over!!!
