4 The Arts District is alive and growing as evidenced by the grand opening of the Art Square Theatre on Friday, September 21, 2012.  The theatre is a 99 seat black box.  Seating for this production was on two sides facing a raised stage that was on a diagonal to the seating set up which gave great line of sight to everyone.  Up the hall are bathrooms, so the place is a great venue and they have a super lineup of shows planned for this inaugural season.  There is plenty of parking even for a Saturday night behind the theatre.  Across the hallway from the theatre is an entrance to the Artifice Bar and Lounge--nice for having drinks before or after a show.  The first show being done is called "Nurture." It's a witty play filled with lots of good laughs.  It also provokes a lot of thought.  The play was the winner of the 2012 Sin City New Play Contest, an award well deserved!  The acting was superb!!  Las Vegans, put down the remote, buy a ticket online and have it on your smart phone so you don't need to worry about printing tickets or forgetting them.  Get out and support the arts in Las Vegas.  This theatre and company deserve your support!
5 Right in the heart of the art district this versitile black box theater fits the bill for intimate theater. Plenty of parking, good food across the street and a bar across the hallway.
4 Not in the best location, but it adds to the place. Go see what the "real" Las Vegas has to offer. Immerse yourself into  some  ART.
4 Last night was my first visit to the Art Square Theatre and it will not be my last! It is small and intimate, it is situated in the Arts District so one has the opportunity to browse around before and after. There are several bars nearby and of course the eateries. Because the venue is so small, and the seating is not reserved I suggest you arrive early if you would like to sit together. We were fortunate to be a party of 3 and we were ready to sit separately and the other patrons offered to move and make room, that is community! What a gem and I look forward to returning!
