5 My husband and I had been looking into having our pool cleaned for some time and kept putting it off due to overpriced quotes we had received, or companies that didn't offer everything we were looking for. Bullfrog was recommended to me by a coworker that had been very happy with them. The day that I called, they came right out to my house to give us a quote. The quote was very reasonable and they were able to start that same day! Every person that we dealt with was extremely friendly and made sure that we were 100% satisfied before they would even take payment from us. It has been refreshing dealing with a company that truly cares about their customers and the quality of work they deliver. We will absolutely be using them again ... our pool looks wonderful!
5 I'm VERY particular when it comes to work to be done on my pool--I'm known as the "pool diva" in the neighborhood. I'm beyond thrilled with the work performed by Bullfrog! My tile looks fabulous (especially after the silicone sealant)---and the acid wash truly brightened up my 3M quartz plaster! Thank you for your promptness and attention to detail! I will call upon your services again when needed plus I highly recommend your company!!!
5 Wonderful customer service. Work completed in the time quoted.  My pool and tile look great!
5 I highly recommend Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning. My swimming pool's pebble tec and waterfall was a mess with calcium buildup and purple stain (mineral deposits?) on my waterfall and pool tile. Bullfrog pool Tile Cleaning removed the calcium and the  purple mineral buildup, drained my pool and acid washed the whole pool, making it look like new again. The company staff was friendly,  professional, quick, thorough and very reasonably priced. We live in Phoenix AZ so we use our pool a lot! Our friends in Scottsdale bought a home with a pool that had algae that turned their pool green. We recommended Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning to them and they were very happy with the pool cleaning services Bullfrog did for them as well. We will continue to use Bullfrog to maintain our pool and waterfall to keep it looking bright and clean every year!
5 I highly recommend Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning. My swimming pool's pebble tec and waterfall was a mess with calcium buildup and purple stain (mineral deposits?) on my waterfall and pool tile. Bullfrog pool Tile Cleaning removed the calcium and the  purple mineral buildup, drained my pool and acid washed the whole pool, making it look like new again. The company staff was friendly,  professional, quick, thorough and very reasonably priced. We live in Phoenix AZ so we use our pool a lot! Our friends in Scottsdale bought a home with a pool that had algae that turned their pool green. We recommended Bullfrog Pool Tile Cleaning to them and they were very happy with the pool cleaning services Bullfrog did for them as well. We will continue to use Bullfrog to maintain our pool and waterfall to keep it looking bright and clean every year! Thank you Clay!! Carole S.
5 This business has amazing customer service and did the job they said they would.  I highly recommend this company
