4 Having been to their original location in Minneapolis (Tea Garden) I had high expectations of this place, and I was not disappointed. I've visited the State Street location three times now; once after a late night game of poker, once for a tea tasting event, and once this weekend when I needed my bubble tea fix.  The Steepery features a large selection of loose leaf teas as well as drinks (shakes, coolers, etc.) that you can customize with tapioca pearls or fruit jelly. The times I've been there I've ordered the taro chai tea (hot), royal tea, and thai tea with tapioca pearls. All of them tasted good, and the tapioca was cooked just right, not too soft and not too hard.  Service was pretty fast both times I went there and the staff are very friendly. Also, it is a nice place to just hang out away from the cold. I do think the layout could be improved, however. The little enclave with the yellow chair is a bit weird and out of place and the products aren't displayed well.   Summary: Interesting drinks, nice staff, and good place to just chill during the day.
4 You could go for the exorbitant amount of hot teas, or you could go for bubble tea with tapioca pearls or even jellies!  The bubble tea is so good, you'll have to restrain yourself from gobbling the whole thing down. It doesn't hurt that there is a free size upgrade when you check in via Yelp.  You can order hot milky tea with your tapioca. If you haven't tried this, do it now. The texture of the tapioca changes into gooeyness, and you can scoop up the love at the bottom of your cup.  The peeps are friendly and helpful. Check out the little nook near the register for fun gadgets and gifts for all your tea sippin' buddies.
2 The name "Steepery" is a bit misleading -- though they do offer steeped loose leaf teas, their featured drinks are mostly made from mixes with no actual tea in them. For example, their chai is made from a powder -- not even a concentrate, which is what most downtown coffee shops use, but a powder. If you explicitly ask for real tea they'll be happy to make some for you, but their brewing process is designed to be fast, not to produce a quality beverage: they brew the tea too hot and too short, resulting in a weak, grassy flavor. That said, if you're not looking for actual tea, their creamy bubble "tea" drinks are reasonably tasty if you like tapioca pearls or jello in your drink. Pricing is comparable to coffee shops in the area.  The space is small; it feels a bit cramped with nine tables squeezed into it, and if there are just a couple groups having conversations it gets noisy very quickly. However, it's clean and the tables and chairs are all very nice and in good condition. The decor is simple but nice, the wi-fi is free and there are outlets near most of the tables, so this could be a good place to work on a laptop if you bring your headphones. They also have a couple overstuffed fake leather chairs in the front window if you're looking to sit and read or chat with a friend, though those are already looking a bit worse for wear.  Sadly, the Steepery is not the answer to the dearth of good tea places on State St, but if you're a fan of creamy bubble tea specialty drinks, they might be worth checking out.
2 My friend and I were pretty excited when we discovered this place (only boba place in an 8 mile radius, chyyyeaaaaa - okay totally an exaggeration but you know how it is)  However, after taking a look at the way the tea was prepared, I was completely turned off. Powder. Open jugs of jellies. Blechhh...Still, I wanted to give the tea a try, so I ordered a plane black tea with lychee jelly because I didn't want to risk ordering any milk tea combo.   First, I cant believe I paid $4 and change for some tea and jelly - it probably cost them less than 25 cents to make. Second, the service was a complete mess. My drink took more than 15 minutes to prepare, and I'm pretty sure I got my order before some patrons who had placed their order before me. Finally, the tea was okay - but it definitely tasted like it was brewed from a tea bag. I think the jelly was the best part, but jelly is jelly - if they had managed to mess up the jelly, I would have been extremely worried.   I like the concept of the place, but Steepery will need to clean up its act and rethink its pricing strategy before I'm back!
4 When I left Minneapolis I threw away my Tea Garden loyalty card, a decision I've regretted ever since the Steepery opened downtown.  A sister location to the Minneapolis/St. Paul Tea Gardens, the Steepery offers the same assortment of bubble teas and chai lattes that I loved in MN. There's also Alternative Baking Company cookies (gluten free included) and baked goods (vegan options available).  While I love a good chai latte (hazelnut? almond? peppermint? so many possibilities) my new favorite is the Royal Tea Latte. I asked what the base tea mix is made from because I just can't get downtown enough to drink this nutty, toasted concoction. It's a trade secret, unfortunately, but that's fair enough. I'll work my way through the assortment of looseleaf teas to see if I can figure it out myself!  For those who prefer their drinks less sweet (i.e. me), you can request lattes with less sugar. They mix straight black tea into the sweetened flavored tea which technically dilutes the flavor but it's worth it to me because, for my palate, too much sugar takes away from the flavor too.  Come summer I'll switch to the bubble teas (green tea with watermelon and strawberry jellies is my classic combination) but for now, I'm loving the appearance of my favorite MN lattes.
4 Not authentic, but still amazing. I love all the flavor combinations possible and the many flavors of jellies. A great addition to downtown Madison!
2 It's a great location with endless combinations of teas.  Downtown Madison has been sorely missing a place like this since Bubble Island closed down about 2 years ago.   I've tried a few drinks there and thought they were decent.  They are, however, quite overpriced.  Especially since there's cheaper bubble tea right next door, it seems a bit odd that they'd charge over $4 for a drink.  Only once was I very disappointed - I had ordered an iced tea drink with strawberry jellies and what I got was a goopey hot mess.  The jellies were just hot funky flavored syrup at the bottom.  Gross.    They've got some neat loose leaf tea varieties though, and they seem reasonably priced.  Their Fresh Phrase loose leaf green tea is great.  Overall, once the novelty of the place wore off, I concluded that it was just kind of mediocre.  Yeah, I'd come here again, but I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to stop by.  Update: I stopped by twice more and they still seem to have a real problem with the temperature of the drinks.  I always order my drinks iced and they always come out luke-warm - their jellies and bubbles go in the cup hot (had they just finished cooking and not had time to cool down? don't know, but they should really fix that) and when you add in the cold tea it makes for a rather unappetizing experience.
4 I am not a tea snob, but I wanted try try out a new green tea flavor I had hear of, sencha.  I'd had several green teas before- loose leaf is my favorite, but it's easier to find good blends in bags.  When I walked in, the place was bustling with Asians.  How much more authentic could you get?  ^_^  Anyhow, I asked if they would make me a sencha and they had a sealed jar of loose-leaf ready to go.  In addition, I wondered if they'd be able to let me try another flavor of green tea side-by-side to compare.  They brewed up two half cups of tea, and charged me for one.  Decent advice on which teas to try, and not a hint of snobbiness at my lack of tea knowledge.  I had a really nice time.  Thanks, STB!
4 My favorite bubble tea place in the city. Portions are good, taste good, and are pretty quick. The tapioca pearls could be a little less firm, but otherwise great.  Gave four stars because I have gone in multiple times and they haven't had any tapioca pearls "ready", which is interesting for a bubble tea shop. Also, the tea could use more ice.
2 I wish I could give them a better rating, but the staff here the other day really put me off. I had just gone for a run with a friend of mine who frequents this place. I told him what I was in the mood for (something cold and banana flavored) and he ordered. Whatever magic he ordered and was conjured up for me was delicious; I will admit that. However, my friend had somehow lost his debit card from when he paid to when we walked a block down the road. We went back in to look for his card, and the staff seemed incredibly lackadaisical. I realize it is not your responsibility, but come on kids, we had that card 30 min earlier. You could have helped search instead of standing around the counter playing on your iPhone.   Shame.
5 Simply stated: best bubble tea available in Madison right now.  Bubbles are just right, rest of the recipe is just right - they even have the little machine to seal the cup.  Perfect.
5 I've been looking for a good bubble tea/exotic fruit smoothie place since I left Chicago, and Steepery Tea Bar met all my expectations. Fast and friendly service, plenty of flavor options, and delicious drinks. I'll definitely visit again.
4 I tried a handful of coffee and tea joints in Madison and the Steepery was probably my favorite. The place is clean, bright, and the staff was friendly, even calling up a cab to take me to the airport. More importantly, they make pretty nice bubble tea from actual tea base instead of mix. The result was something dryer and less saccharine than I'm used to. This is a good thing. Recommended.
5 Best bubble tea in Madison. Above average compared to other places with more bubble tea shops.
4 Bubble tea in Madison? Yes please!  For the only bubble tea place in Madison (someone please notify me otherwise), this place does a good job covering all the bases. It's got all the flavors down.  My drink was just a tad too sweet, but that's to be expected when you're specifically ordering a dessert drink. My service was fine, and I was slurping my drink in less than 5 minutes.   As the summer heat rolls around, expect to find me here more often.
4 I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet, while I have 150 stars on my Belly card. Yeah yeah yeah, the stars does hint something. I always have my Taro, with honey, and the bubbles. If not everyday, so it will be every other day, or every week, or anytime I feel like having it.  My favorite one is the Taro bubble tea with green tea. I like it.  I also have successfully persuaded my good friends to have some bubble tea here. Some like it and become a regular, but some hate it. So, yeah, go figure.   There are times when I feel that it's too pricey. But, well, I like chewing the bubbles and it's just a 5 minute walking from my apartment! and sshhhhh, I have way too many pictures of my Taro bubble tea :p
2 Coming from Southern California, the Boba(bubble tea) and milk tea here pales in comparison to what can be found in my home area.   The boba tasted meh. It was chewy, didn't taste fresh, and wasn't very good.  The milk tea itself was not horrible, but I've definitely had better. I had a taro milk tea.   Customer service was great though!   My advice, find another place for Boba and milk tea. Come here if only if you are really craving it, and do not have any other options.
5 I love this place! I came here ALL the time. The staff is always really friendly and even when there really busy I have never had to wait long for my drink to be made.
4 I always get the same thing every time I come here. A taro shake. Taro is a root that is sweet, similar to a sweet potato. Almost every time I come to state I have to get it. It is just delicious. And its purple which makes it even better.
3 First time here. Got a cherry vanilla green tea with lychee jelly. It was awful. The taste of the tea was gross and I forced myself to drink it because it was expensive. The lychee jelly however was good, which is why I have given them 3 stars. I am willing to try it again. Maybe I will stick with the regular chai with tapioca pearls next time.
2 So this might be the only bubble tea place in Madison but its honestly not that great at all. I got a bubble tea with almond and mango flavoring with tapioca pearls. Usually the tea is smooth and devoid of large ice chunks but this tea was full of ice. I honestly could not get tapioca and the ice to fit into my straw. Maybe it was just a bad day but the tea was horrible and I threw pretty much all of it out.
4 I was recommended here by a couple of co workers who love the "bubbles" in the bubble teas! I'm a little more English traditional with my teas and have a weird fear of gelatin.. regardless, black teas and nothing with fun features to distract me from getting my caffeine! I have previously worked at Teavana, so I know a bit about tea and figured I'd try out some green tea as I'm expanding in my ventures, I asked for a good recommendation and the server found me Fiji, which I fell in love with. A cup costs 2.65, which was great as I'm used to upwards of 5 dollars at Teavana, and then I find out it's only 2.75 an ounce! I quickly grabbed a couple of ounces and there was no hard selling, which was a relief. The quality is pretty good, especially for the price. The space is nice, a little crowded but understandably as it's a go to for study sessions it looks like. My boyfriend is addicted to the Vanilla Chai Latte and every time we've been downtown it's his go to. It's been nice to go together and not spend a fortune but still enjoy ourselves. Anyways, good stuff! We're becoming regulars, so see you there!
4 Just finding a boba smoothie place that uses fresh fruit has been difficult. So, that distinguishes this place from others. Soak/cook your pearls in homemade honey tea and this score (and your bubble tea smoothies) will be flawless.
4 Steepery Tea Bar, located in the downtown area of Madison.   I've stopped by Steepery Bar the few times I've visited Madison and I have to say being from Chicago and drinking bubble tea drinks often; I'm impressed with Steepery's drinks.   Plenty of parking available for there is a parking lot right around the corner. The layout of the store is nothing out of the ordinary, a few couches and tables; much like Starbucks very relaxing.   Their drinks are reasonably priced. Small drink to large drink price is less than 75 cents and if you check in on Yelp you get a FREE upgrade from a small drink to a large.  Plenty of jelly/tapioca choices.  I only order from the cold drinks menu which consists of 5 different types of cold drinks. There are also signature drinks to chose from, and hot drinks to chose from.   I would have given Steepery a 5 star, but the drinks seem to taste a bit different every time I'm there. Some times a bit more sweet, and some times a bit sour.   In all, great place, will return.
3 My one visit to Steepery was a pretty solid three stars (maybe 3.5).  I'll start with the tea, which was exactly what I was in the mood for.  I ordered a black tea latte with lavender and honey flavor.  Perfection.  The lavender was mellow - not bitter as it can sometimes get, and the overall flavor was creamy and sweet.    I was disappointed by the (lack of) food selection.  They had a few muffins and cookies that were the kind you find in a vending machine, not fresh.  With so many local bakeries there doesn't seem to be any good reason not to offer freshly baked pastries even if you don't want to offer a full food menu.    The decor was nothing special, but there was wi-fi and the servers were friendly.
4 Good bubble tea and nice selection. Almond Green tea late is very tasty, like  a liquid biscotti.
5 BUBBLE. TEA. Bubble tea bubble tea bubble tea.  (Can you tell I love bubble tea? Seriously, it's like a drink and a snack all in one.) I first tried bubble tea at Bubble Island in University Square/East Campus Mall, and since that went south, I've been searching for bubble tea. And then Steepery came, and I found it.   Of course, there are other things to love about Steepery too - mainly the multitude of flavors they offer as add-ins. Where else in the central downtown area can you get a lavender chai latte? Also, Steepery's refreshingly tech-savvy for a local shop - they've got an iPad cash register, Belly rewards app, WiFi, all that fun stuff.  Only thing I don't like (and this may have changed since the last time I was there)? No gift cards. Instead, they do it by pots of tea - you can buy 10 pots, 20, etc. I'd prefer a traditional dollar-amount gift card option, if they haven't started doing it already.  EDIT: Five stars, five stars - they do sell gift cards! Thanks, Owner Nick, for clearing that up for me :)
3 Originating from Asia I am a huge fan of bubble tea and have visited and tried almost every places in Madison that has bubble tea on their menu. Being centrally located close to campus I have visited Steepery plenty of times since they first opened about 2 years ago. I like how they use authentic tea (black or green) in their beverages; I can always taste the tea in every sip. They are also very good at customizing every beverage you order (sugar level, ice etc). I have tried black tea, green tea as well as their shakes and fruit smoothies. My favorite by far are still the traditional classics -- taro black tea and matcha green tea. For smoothies, the pina colada offers a refreshing feeling especially for the summer   The only thing I avoid are, sadly, their bubbles, after several occasions of having  bubbles that were not cooked all the way -- soft on the outside and hard on the inside. This is pretty unfortunate as the chewy bubbles are an integral part of bubble teas. I haven't gone back to try their bubbles again in a while now, so I am not sure if they are more consistent.   I still visit Steepery often for their teas or smoothies, just that I order my beverages without bubbles. Bonus -- You get a free upgrade to a large drink for every check-ins =)
5 I had to stop a group of Asians in the middle of a cross walk because I saw BOBA in their hands!!! The people who works here were mad friendly, and they gave me a great suggestions. Probably the best in Wisconsin I would say.
4 Delicious teas with a huuuge variety of flavor options, so you can really personalize your drink! You can get anything as simple as an iced tea or as exciting as a flavored shake with bubbles. One of my favorite study spots on state street, for sure. These teas make studying 10x better! I might be addicted...
4 My SO and I are fairly new to Madison and after ignoring multiple pangs of cravings for boba, we decided to go to Steepery. I am not entirely sure if this is the only place in Madison that is exclusively a boba place, but if so, the convenience factor is out the window since we have to drive a good 15 minutes just to get here. Their selection is great and the service was quick, but I have tasted better (specifically in the Bay Area and Las Vegas where there are tons of bubble tea joints), and I hate to be that person to compare, but I did. Still though, bubble tea is bubble tea and I'd rather not go without it!  (+) Definitely take advantage of the check-in offer!
5 Great tasting bubble tea options, super friendly staff  and right atmosphere for State St! Highly suggest!
4 I'm a regular and basically tried most of the items on the menu. Royal Tea Latte is a MUST and I love their jasmine latte too :D   Tried out the Assam Chai which is pretty good too.  The Only problem is their consistency. I order the same drinks in different days may result in different tastes :( gotta work on that
