5 Meghan did my hair and makeup (and my MOH hair/makeup and Mom's hair) for my wedding in July.  I can't say enough great things about it - I was getting compliments on how stunning I looked all day long!  She was friendly, easy to work with, and didn't make me look *too* made up.  I'm not generally a makeup wearer, and she made sure to keep me comfortable - it was 90 degrees out, and my makeup didn't budge!    She did a GREAT job, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her services to anyone!
5 I've had the pleasure of working with Meghan on several occasions; hair and make-up for a wedding, waxing and hair cutting.  Meghan is very easy to work with, has incredible attention to detail and is very thorough.  I can't say how thrilled I am every single time I take a look in the mirror.  Meghan is fashion forward and very creative with out making you look like someone you are not.  This is a special skill that I totally appreciate.  I would recommend her services to anyone who needs to be beautified.     as a bonus the products she uses are the best of the best.
5 My first visit with Meghan was for a much needed haircut.  I had no idea what I wanted to do other than I wanted something different.  Meghan provided some great suggestions and helped me choose a style that would work for me and my lifestyle.  She is very easy going and we had comfortable conversation that never felt forced by either one of us.  She provided some great suggestions for styling tools that would help with my hair care and also gave me some great make-up tips!  I ended up purchasing the eye shadow palette she recommended to me and I'm in love!  I will definitely be back to see Meghan anytime my look needs a refresh!
5 Meghan recently did my hair and makeup for a boudoir session.  I came from another state and most of our communication was done online.  She had a clear vision of what I wanted an executed it perfectly.  My eyes were stunning and my hair was exactly how I had envisioned.  We laughed and talked the whole time like I had known her for quite a while.  Meghan is personable and talented.  I don't know much about hair and makeup but I know she is a true artist in every sense of the word.  Thank you Meghan!
