5 CrossFit West Valley is a great CrossFit Affiliate gym on the boarder of Glendale & Peoria about a mile north of U. of Phoenix stadium. The coaches and members are very friendly. Members are all levels of fitness and everyone is very supportive. Prices are the best in the West Valley for a full service CrossFit gym.  In the interest of full disclosure I'm the owner/coach, Brendan.
5 I've been working with this gym for quite a while, and the transformation I've made has been really amazing.  If you can put it in the work, and want to be pushed to your limits every day and see real results, check it out!  Brendan really cares about helping his members improve, and the individual attention made absolutely all of the difference for me.  Plus, who doesn't love to brag about what kind of weight they bench?!
5 I've been working with this gym awhile.. I recently just recovered from a broken wrist and brenden have worked with me very well in making up my own work outs or incorporating different exercises in lieu of others for the WOD. I fully recommend this gym to anyone who is interested! If you are big or small or "think" you are fit come check this place out!
5 I just recently joined and recieved an introduction to Crossfit... truly life changing and a really fun way to challenge yourself, no matter what your starting level.
5 I crossed over from ta typical bodybuilding background to doing CrossFit at CF West Valley.  Brendan gives excellent instruction and makes the workouts interesting, challenging, and fun.  I get stronger every week and accomplish things I never thought possible. I love doing something different every day and I love pushing myself 100% during every workout.  The variety in routine keeps me returning and the friendships developed are a bonus.  I have been at this box for 6 months,  my husband joined about  month ago and he is a believer as well.  If you like a daily challenge and and pushing yourself to the limit every workout with like minded people then this is the place for you!  Call Brendan at CFWV and schedule a time to check it out!  I'm obsessed, I go every day that I am able, but you can choose the level of committment you're willing give.
5 For 3 years I was a subscriber to "chronic cardio" as my form of exercise.  I signed up for race after race to stay motivated and completed my first full marathon a year ago.  During that period I dodged knee problems here and there, and after the marathon the injuries seemed to stick around longer than ever.  That's when I knew I had to change things up, and a friend recommended Crossfit West Valley.  The workouts are always challenging, but are scaled to accommodate varying skill levels.  The staff is very helpful and thorough with instruction and advice when it comes to diet and other recommendations when it comes to getting the best results.  Within the first month I was in better shape than when I was at the height of my distance running, and 6 months later I am still improving.  I'd recommend this gym to anyone looking for a unique and challenging way to get in shape.
5 I joined Crossfit West Valley with a limeted but specific goal about 8 months ago...the goal was to pass my Air Force fitness test.  I did, with flying colors (and had only been attending for 3 months at that point)!  Crossfit is the first thing I have ever done workout wise that has stuck.  I have challenged myself more in the last year through Crossfit than I have ever before.  It has changed me physically but also mentally.  I am stronger, fitter and have more confidence than I could have thought possible...just because I show up and try my hardest.  Brendan is a great coach and works with every fitness level.  Trust me, there was nothing fit about me when I walked in the door for the first time.  The friendships and supportive atmosphere are amazing, it's a group of people I adore.  Please, don't be afraid...give it a try, you will be thrilled you did.
4 Went there last night, did their intro class, Sam the trainer, was very informative, went over the proper way to use the equipment, put a nice but hard work out together for us to do, timed us; it was fun.  It was probably what I was looking for & I would have joined but they only offered their beginner class every 2 weeks, next one starts 8/5/13. I can't wait two weeks and they didn't have any other options.
