5 Great!  The stylist I had was very accommodating and did a great job on my cut/color.  I would totally recommend them!
5 I went to BNB hair design because I wanted to try something different and liven up my hair a little. I got an amazing deal on groupon with BNB's stylist named Babak. He  was very friendly and the conversation never got dull. He asked me my vision for my hair and also gave me some great tips (I could use all the help I can get-when it comes to my hair and styling it).  He gave the most AMAZING scalp and neck message when washing my hair- it was very relaxing and I felt comfortable around him. I do not get my hair colored or anything but I'm sure he is amazing at that too. I would highly recommend BNB salon- especially Babak!
1 Since this place had an inexpensive Groupon buy, I thought I give it a try since I needed a new stylist and there was two good reviews from Yelp.  Babak, who provided the service, was a friendly but not talented stylist.  After explaining to him that I am growing out a bi-level from a terrible haircut, he cut it the same way.  This cut emphasizes my wide face.  Now it will take me six months to grow it back out.    He also colored my dark brown hair into blue black hair.  It made me look too pale.  Since my hair is very oily, it also made my hair look very dirty and greasy.  Now I have to grow out the black hair color which is very hard to dye back lighter.    When I asked him to fix my hair, he recommended an oily shampoo.  Lame?  To his credit, he agreed to recut my hair.  When I came in for the recut, he was little testy and argumentative about it.  I managed to have him fix my hair and made it OK until I can grow it out.  Babak seems like a good guy but he needs to listen more and look at face shape before he cut hair.  My advice is don't ruin your hair over an inexpensive Groupon buy.
5 Babak took me as a walk in and he did an awesome job!  I used to only go to a fast and simple corporate place like sports clips, great clips, super cuts, or a cheap barber shop.  I won't be going to those places anymore because Babak knows what he's doing and he makes me look good!
5 This Salon is absolutely the best in town. Babak is amazingly talented stylist.  He knows what color, cut and style will best suit your face.  I always look fabulous when I step out of his Salon and now see him every week so that I always look my best.  Whenever I walk in, the person walking out looks gorgeous as well. And he doesn't just make women look stunning.  Guys, if you want to look like a rock star, go see Babak.
5 Alright... Here's the deal... This guy is amazing!  I have been going to Babak for about three years now and he just gets better and better.  I live in central Phoenix and drive to old town, passing at least 50 salons along the way, to have Babak take care of me and my needy hair.  I don't write many reviews but when I do, it's because the place is that good.  The other reviewers (except for one) are right on with place!
