5 Bulwark moving was great! They did not bang my stuff around, which is something i worry about with moving companies. Bulwark was careful with all my boxes and furniture. The guys were considerate and clean. I felt comfortable with the whole process. I recommend Bulwark Moving Co. and plan to use them in the future.
5 Reliable, honest, kind, hard workers, no surprises. Living up to their name!
5 Bulwark Moving Company is amazing. They truly are moving experts! They are trustworthy, honest men with very reasonable prices. They are very friendly and professional and don't let anything get damaged in the move (that's a big deal). I am telling all my friends to use Bulwark Moving!!
5 High on the scale of integrity, these hard-working movers know how to get things done... no worries. Highly recommended!
5 After searching for a couple days for an affordable and trust-worthy mover, I found Bulwark Moving Company. I spoke with one of the owners, Nate. He assured me that his company would deliver quality and care. They arrived this morning and did a wonderful job. It was pouring rain and Nate and his crew carried a positive attitude and got the job done as soon as they could. Not only were they very affordable, but they truly showed consideration for our items. I would highly recommend them to any of my friends or family. Look no further, Bulwark Moving is here!
1 After my experience with Bulwark moving, I would not recommend them to anyone!  First of all my move was a very straight forward and small move from a 5X10 storage unit to my home.  I never used this moving company but thought I would give them a try since they had a Living Social offer that ended up saving me some money.  The biggest lesson I got was that a cheap job ends being more costly in the long term!!  Two of the items I had included a washer/dryer and my treadmill.  After telling the moving crew to take it apart because I had  trouble moving them before, they decided they would take it upstairs without measuring the space in the upstairs area which lead to the room it was to be put in.  Needless to say, it took them almost two hours to get the treadmill upstairs!  Guess what they ended up doing, YES, they ended up having to take it apart after all!  If they would've just taken my advice it would've taken a fraction of the time!  Plus my stairs got all scraped and gouged because they were having such a hard time getting the treadmill upstairs.   Off to my next experience...  the washer...  Since one of the movers didn't turn off the water values in my laundry room, there was a pretty good size water leak caused by this negligence.  In addition, the pipe connected to my washer was also incorrectly connected which caused leaking from the back of the washer.  Another note, because it was in storage it had it had the shipping pins in order to protect the drum during transit.  After installation at my home, the washer was shaking all over the laundry room and it was leaking.  After another $130 spent having a tech come out to fix it, they found that the movers never removed the shipping pins despite the large warning sign next to the shipping pin that had red font and read "REMOVE SHIPPING PINS PRIOR TO INSTALLATION".    The best part comes when I called to let the owner know about these issues, and the response I got was that it's not their responsibility to remove the shipping pins or with anything that involves installation of my appliances.  Also, my paperwork said they would contact me two business days after my move to repair my flooring.  It's already a week later and I still haven't received a call and was told the guy responsible for repairs would be back next week.  After this very bad experience, I wouldn't recommend this company as they are very unprofessional , caused damage to my home, and their inexperience clearly shows with the negligence in moving appliances.
5 Nate and Daniel did a great job moving our home and were a pleasure to work with! I will definitely recommned them to anyone i know who needs a moving company, for sure!
5 I located Bulwark here on Yelp after calling a couple other companies I have used in the past that were already booked up for the date I needed to move.  I filled out a request for a bid and received it shortly after in a simple and understandable format.  I called them to make sure there were no hidden surprises and the booked them.  They showed up when they were scheduled and they worked hard for the time I had them.  When they were done and we were settling the bill I did not get any surprises but instead the figures matched as expected.  I would recommend you call them for your next move if you would like a hassle free move with no surprises on the bill.
5 5 stars all around.  Bulwark are terrific movers.  Having used probably 6 moving companies over the last 20 years, Bulwark is by far the best I've experienced.  They were on time, even a bit early.  They worked hard and fast, make sure to take great care of your items, and quickly unloaded as well.  Even vacuumed my place after finishing.  Friendly guys, and ask where you want everything placed.   Don't look any further, you've found the movers you should hire.
5 Bulwark moving company is the best out there. You will not be disappointed. They are honest and not to mention strong! Try them out now!
5 We contacted Bulwark after finding their deal on Yelp.  They were quick to respond with a fair quote for my move.  The team arrived right on time and quickly got to work.  Although we had a small move, they were extremely efficient with what we had.   We had some furniture that needed to go up a narrow spiral staircase, and they handled it like pros.  We will definitely hire them again in the future.
5 I am flat out impressed with this moving company.  I got quotes from several different moving companies and their rates were significantly lower.  They showed up right on time and ready to work.  They were incredibly fast and efficient.  I would also like to point out that this move took place on the hottest day of the summer at 2pm and my new place was on the 3rd floor with no elevator.  It was 121 out and they still were able to complete my move faster than what I was quoted.  I would recommend this moving company to anyone and if I do move again I will not even bother looking for another company.  Nate and Pedro were fantastic.  I would give them six stars if I could.  Thanks again guys!
5 These guys are great. On time, courteous, professional. The move was completed without a hitch. The icing on the cake was when they brought in their vacuum to go over the carpets and floor - the areas they walked on. That was a pleasant surprise!!  We will be moving another location soon and they are the first ones we are going to call!
5 These guys are top notch. Not only were they quick to respond with a competitive quote, they were able to schedule our move last minute. They were courteous, professional, and fast! Would recommend them 100% to anyone looking for first rate service! Nate and Freddy, you guys were awesome!
5 If you are looking for a responsible, fair priced moving company, look no further. They are fast, courteous, and careful.  What more could you want ?
5 Nate Jonovich and his crew packed our items perfectly and professionally for our personal move. They made sure that everything fit into our PODS just right and when needing additional time, they made the time to help finish preparing our other materials to be packed with care and concern for the expense of getting more storage than what we needed.. I would not hesitate to hire Bulwark again for a major move needing the professional requirements necessary. I recommend anyone who needs that ability to put the move together to contact Bulwark Moving!
5 Bulwark is everything you want in a moving company. Nate and his crew (we had 4 guys and 2 trucks) arrived right on time.  They were polite, respectful of our belongings, and above all, super fast, which when you're paying by the hour is crucial. These guys were actually running up the stairs to get the furniture and boxes.  They took care to shrink wrap all the furniture, and removed it when they placed it in our new house.  They were careful to place everything where I requested and even though it was hot and humid in the late July heat, had positive attitudes.  What was originally estimated to take 8 hours was completed in 5 1/2.  Their prices were very reasonable and considering how fast they were, I was very impressed.   I highly recommend Bulwark for your moving needs.
5 They moved my 84 year old parents to smaller quarters today.  Prompt.  Careful. Courteous.  Expert at negotiating big pieces into small spaces.  Did it in the time frame they anticipated for the price they quoted.  The savvy seniors are impressed, as am I.
5 We found Bulwark Movers on Home Hunters TV Show.  We received a quote right away and at fair pricing.  We had a LOT of stuff to move and the two guys that came (Nate & Daniel) were right on time, professional, friendly, efficient and hard working.   They worked from the time of arrival (7:00AM) straight thru to the finish (4:45PM), stopping only once to eat some lunch. They shrink wrap the furniture so there is no damage, they were very careful with our things, they had taken all of the beds down and put them all back together again.  We have a very large, heavy, 4 piece, Armoire that had to be taken apart and reassembled....they did it just fine.  They put everything just where I wanted I wanted them to go.  I definitely would use these guys again and highly recommend them to anyone that is planning a move.  Barbara & Adam Gad
5 I have only moved a few times in my life and this company was by far the best I've experienced!  I hired 4 guys with 2 trucks because (according to Nick) I had a lot of stuff.  =)    All 4 of them were very fun, easy going and professional.  I would highly recommend them to any friends or family and I would use them again if necessary.  5 stars 5 stars 5 stars!!!
4 I'll give it 4 stars cause it may have been more expensive than competitors. However, they did a great job on my recent move from Chandler to Mesa. I would wholeheartedly use them again.
5 Our family has moved 6 times in the last 4 years so we've used a lot of moving companies.  Nate and his crew at Bulwark was the best we've encountered.  They were ontime, great at communicating, excellent with handling our furniture, super efficient, and overall just nice pleasant guys to be around.  The welcome move-in gift and card was a nice touch.  Would happily use these guys again -- just hope not too soon!
5 I used Bulwark for a recent move and they were prompt, courteous, and quick getting everything in the truck and out at my new place.  The pricing was awesome (especially with the yelp deal) and the service was great.  Thanks for making my first moving truck experience run so smoothly!  I will definitely be using these guys again in the future.
5 Unreal. These guys were fantastic. A few highlights from our experience:  *they ran.. Yes, ran. From the truck to the house, house to the truck. They worked quickly and efficiently  *they asked to wash their hands before they touched any of our newborn son's stuff  *washed their hands before helping move our clothes  *super polite and professional--great customer service   Highly recommend them for any move! We are extremely pleased customers :)
5 We used Bulwark on our last move to carefree and they did a great job. Guys were very professional and courteous. The time matched their estimate and no additional charges. I would recommend them.
5 This company couldn't have done a better job!  We were impressed with their timeliness. They performed in the time and price quoted, 2 guys one big truck and the move was complete.  They put together all the beds to make our evening easy to fall out at the end of the day. We took advantage of the Yelp coupon.....you should too!
5 Movers were fast, professional, honest and hard working. Would (and have) recommend Bulwark for all moves.
5 Last August I used Bulwark moving for what most people would say a not so easy task. I moved all of my stuff from Phoenix to Glendale 1, and 2, up 3 flights of stairs! Bulwark was extremely helpful with my difficult move and such awesome people to have hired. Good pricing, and hard workers... What more could you ask for when moving? --They will forever be my moving company! Thanks Bulwark!
5 These guys were excellent. They came on short notice, were reasonably priced and did a great job. Nathan and his guys showed up on time, made good use of time and carefully and professionally moved our home. We absolutely will use them again if we move and I highly recommend their services.
5 We had Bulwark Moving Company handle our move for us and they did an outstanding job.  It was nice to see young strong men arrive as with other movers it looked like they got the helpers out of the senior living areas around town.  They arrived early, went about their work and was done within 15 minutes of the estimated time.  Never so pleased with a moving company before!!!
5 I have used this company twice and both times couldn't have been happier. They arrive on time, listen to instructions, and are very helpful and provide additional assistance if needed. When making the appointment to move, the quote I was given was actually what I was charged- I have used a company before that when they showed up had all kinds of additional fees I had never been advised of before. I would recommend this company to any one moving and will definitely use them again for my next move!
5 These guys were great! We called about 3 weeks ahead of time to arrange a time for them to come out: a Thursday starting at 8:00 AM. We got mostly everything ready by boxing up things and trying to position them to be moved rapidly. The prior year we had moved ourselves in the July heat of Arizona and were thinking heck no, we'll be hiring someone this time around.  Calling into the company was ok. The ladies who answered would always say they had to go and make sure whatever requests or changes to schedule were ok with the manager.   The day of, we were waiting in the kitchen for them to show up. We didn't wait long, I think they arrived about 5 minutes before they were supposed to. I was a little nervous at first because there were only two of them, and one of them was looking in our recycle bin outside. I assume that was because he wanted to make sure if anything needed to be thrown away it could be done...or maybe it was in the way of their potential route for getting things in the truck so if it was empty it could be moved.  Once inside they introduced themselves, I showed them around at what would go..what would need special attention, etc. After that, I was to sign the contract guaranteeing I wouldn't do anything if something was broken beforehand and not blame them. They then got to work. Over the course of the time they loaded I would get nervous that they would fall behind on time. In reality, if I was doing this it would take several hours upon hours. They never stalled on time, but what might have appeared to be stalling time was actually them playing it smart and loading the smart way rather than throwing things in the truck and hoping for the best.  They treated everything as though it were breakable. They had methods of securing furniture, boxes, etc. so they wouldn't result in getting destroyed. They have all the equipment necessary to move things (dolly, ramp to/from entry way, etc.   The two guys who came out were very friendly and we would crack jokes, tell stories in passing, etc. It made the whole experience much better than having someone come in and get in and get out...strictly business. Not these guys. They were professional but also likable, if only I could call 'em up every time I needed to move something and ask them to do it.  Unloading was the same. They handled everything with care. We got them lunch because it was starting to be a long day. We made sure they had something to drink. Surprisingly they didn't look like they were even sweating. I don't know if its because they're used to moving stuff or what. Minimal breaks, etc. A great experience.  Yelp has/had a coupon for a certain amount off. A couple days before the move I still hadn't purchased it so the lady at the office called me and asked if I was still interested in it. I thought that was cool of them to do.  A couple times I even left them at the house to run a couple errands and returned to them still at work. It wasn't like they had taken a break or anything. Great in my opinion  I don't plan on moving again but will always recommend you guys.  I'm writing this on the same day that we moved. If this were me alone I'd still be loading from 8:00 AM and would probably spend a chunk of the next day unloading. Instead these guys loaded and unloaded in the space of 6 hours (when considering eating, breaks, driving between places, etc.). It wasn't expensive like other moving companies in the Phoenix metro area.  We had intended to tip them too. I overheard one of them joking about the first tip of the day when he picked up a penny from the floor. Sorry fellas, we had the money to tip you both but it slipped our minds when it was all done.  Another awesome thing was that I was loading my own car with some things I didn't think should go in the truck (TV, etc.). One of them rushed over to help me so that I had enough room in there. That was cool.
5 Let's just say I am more than impressed with the work that was completed by Bulwark Moving Company.   A little background, I was moving from Tucson to Phoenix from a second floor apartment to a third floor apartment, and I gave up ALL hope on finding a moving company. There were some companies who made me question if I felt comfortable letting them into my house, with my belongings and with my money.  I ended finding this company on Living Social and did some research (yelp, google, and facebook) and I am so happy I did. They were on time, worked very hard(in 100+ heat), were polite, and truly cared about my belongings. This three man team (Nate, Armando and Tony) completed the work below the estimated time, which once again is very impressive due to the fact that I was moving from a second to a third floor apartment. Their estimate was on point and there are no "hidden fees" like a lot of the other moving companies out there.  There is no doubt in my mind that this company is run on pure customer service, and the want to make these life changing events as easy as possible. I will forever be a Bulwark customer and will always recommend them to any of my friends and family.   Don't take a chance at getting run over by another company, call Bulwark!!!  Thanks again guys, you made this move so much easier than I ever expected ( and believe me, I have run these ropes before, I have moved all the way from NY to AZ before this!)
5 Moving = stress!! I had never used a moving company before and having read reviews, I was hesitant to do so. The first company I checked with was not available, so I called Bulwark.  The initial phone call and scheduling were pleasant, my questions were answered and they were available when I needed them. Nate and his crew showed up early, were pleasant, funny, efficient and very personable. They completed my move in just under the estimated time, and most important to me, alleviated a ton of stress. I would recommend Bulwark Moving Company to everyone without hesitation and would use them in the future without hesitation. Do yourself a favor and check them out! Thanks Bulwark! Megan C.
1 While the move wasn't within the quote, that isn't my concern because it was a difficult move and I didn't expect it to. I needed to move my apartment and my mom's into one place since she is sick with cancer and I knew with the logistics the time would probably increase. What I was concerned about was the damage to my property and the reaction after the fact by the company as well as the cavalier nature with which my boxes were distributed. Bulwark took great care wrapping my cheap Ikea book shelves, but when they got to my locally-produced, hand-stuffed cherry wood futon that was delivered by the person who had produced it and had never been moved before that's when the trouble started. My apartment was on the third floor of a complex as they were on the second stairway struggling to hold it up, they shout out if they knew about a crack. I should have had them carry it down and show me, but there was one minor repair to a support beam in production due to the actually piece of wood needing smoothing out that the artisan had repaired during production and I foolishly trusted that was what they were talking about. In reality they had caused a giant crack all along the side of the futon during transport and were trying to pass it off as having been there. Once finished and once my mom's placed was packed we headed over to the new house and due to delays in the move, I needed to have my mom take over supervision while I went to work, When I came back home I sat on the futon and saw the giant crack and also saw that there were gigantic scratches all along the front and back, scuff marks rounded out the arms and divots all over the place on what had once been my favourite and only expensive piece of furniture. I contacted the moving company and they tried to claim that all of the damage was pre-existing (quite the achievement considering this particular piece of furniture came to my house directly to my place from the person who made it and it had NEVER been moved before). When I started looking into boxes the next day I realized that when they distributed boxes into rooms rather than actually looking at the box labels, which were clearly labeled for each room, they just randomly distributed boxes into rooms, so I've had to move all of the boxes a second time due to negligence. After the rave Yelp reviews, needless to say not only was I surprised, but I regret ever hiring Bulwark Moving Company.
5 Record fast move! I will never move myself AGAIN. Never ever. If you need movers use Bulwark Moving! My guys were happy, friendly and awesomely courteous...even with a second floor move and in 111* heat. Ask for Big Mike and Armondo, awesome -- and kick-a$$ fast -- set of guys!
5 I've never been so impressed with a moving company as I was today.  Everything about my experience was outstanding. The movers showed up early and ready to work. They completed the job before the estimated time, were friendly, HARDWORKERS, efficient and WELL organized. This is the best moving company in the Valley.
