3 I have never taken megabus, but I work for them. I honestly think that it is a good affordable travel option. However you have to be aware that any little mistake on the passengers end can make you hate megabus with a passion!  ALWAYS be on time, regardless if you get an email, regardless if the bus is usually late... No matter what be at the bus stop at least 10 minutes before... Because I'm sure most of you guys know, our tickets are non refundable no exceptions... Other than death /illness in family or work related issues( which that process does require documentation and is still up to a specialist discretion if they accept your request)  LUGGAGE  we only allow one suitcase that weighs up to 50 lbs and also must not exceed the dimensions of 62 inches when adding exterior dimensions (length +width+hight) and ONE carry on the size of a small briefcase.. Some bus drivers are a bit lenient but I wouldn't take my chances, because like I said no refunds BABIES need a reservation. It does not matter if they sit on your lap we require a reservation for EVERYONE, same price, whether the passenger is 1 day old or 108 yrs old  If you cannot travel at the date you pick then you can change it of course ( diff. Date diff. Location or passengers) you can change anything as long as you change it 24 HOURS before your DEPARTURE TIME  Ex. If your trip is at 10pm Monday night then you must change it by 10PM SUNDAY NIGHT no exceptions. You must also pay a change fee over the phone is 6 dollars, online is $1.50 (keep in mind that you must pay the difference in price if there is any and any remainder will not be refunded) so I would pick something around the price you payed for.  PRICES CHANGE book your trip in advance!! You can see it for 1 dollar one day the. 36 dollars the next, see a price you like pay for it then and there!,,  We do apologize for the delays on our busses and also for some bus drivers.. And for not being specific on some of our bus stops we are working on it.   I know I didn't mention some stuff about megabus and I'm willing to answer any questions you may have on it, it's what I do all day so I don't mind.   Also don't get mad when representative disconnect the call when you are denied boarding, miss your bus, can't change your reservation, or your bus is late, or the ac is to high or doesn't work. We honestly do want to help but in these situations there is honestly nothing we can do over the phone...
