3 I grew up with this mall.  I know some Arizonans see this as pretty much the end of the earth as far as our city goes, like the husband, and well, they are pretty much right.  As far as malls go, this one is decent.  It's definitely on the smaller size and has a very easy to navigate linear design.  The store is either on one end of the mall or the other.  You can't get lost here.  The food court is pretty decent with a selection that includes Sbarro, DQ/OJ, McDonalds, Paradise Bakery, Panda Express and a few less recognizable places.  The stores are pretty mainstream, with your usuals like Dillard's and Macy's and a big handful of the trendy stores that all the teenagers love.  By the way, this place is teeming with teenagers and tweens.  It's not a good place to be unless it's morning, because we all know teenagers don't even know what the morning looks like.  Not a bad choice for shopping.
2 Not as sad as Fiesta Mall, but still kind of sad. If you just need to get in and out, it works. Decent food court (there's a Chick-Fil-A!). Best to get here early before the hoardes of teenagers show up. There is absolutely no reason to trek out here on 60 to come to this mall. None.
2 This Mall is headed for closure unless they revamp it soon. I remember when this place was a such big deal (15-years ago). Now it's more of a freak show with a few decent shops surrounded by mostly decaying businesses. The entire area is going to pot.
3 This isn't my favorite mall, but it is convenient. The fact that there is no entry into the food court itself is sad. Either you have to park down stairs and go up or near JCPenny's and walk 1/4 of the mall to the food court.  It is cleaner than Fiesta, but over all it's lacking appeal. Besides Chick Fil A and Paradise the food court could use a make over.  I still will travel to San Tan Mall or Chandler to do any major shopping, at least until things change.
4 Nice selection of stores, but sad to see Coffee Beanery going out of business, especially since Borders and Seattle's best is no longer there.
4 When did Superstition Springs become the furniture outlet mall? Seriously.  Ive been going to this place for about 20 years. I could walk through and tell you what used to be in almost every space, and I still miss the arcade.  This place has a good variety of clothing, jewelry, specialty stores. And w/ the addition of Cheescake Factory, a good variety of places to dine (in the food court and beyond). Some SS staples include The Coffee Beanery, JCP homestore, Pretzelmaker, and the Thomas Kinkade store (if only just to look around). This mall is generally clean (including the public bathrooms), w/ p-l-enty of parking.  If you have kids, the carousel is a must.
2 This mall makes me sad. I remember years ago this place being a premier destination, now it's just a cross between a swap meet and a dying strip mall. Inside this place you will find MANY "discount" furniture stores, a convenience store, an eclectic puzzle/game shop, a magical fairy/knife shop and TWO Wetzel Pretzels (wasn't one enough?). I swear the only reason I go here is for the Macy's. The only time I smile outside of Macy's is when I'm looking at the two story carousel in the food court; I must admit that's still awesome.
3 Decent shops, empty for a Saturday afternoon, but not a lot of sales or stores that I liked.
4 This is a good mall to get what you need that's not full of overpriced stores.  It has a nice play area for younger children that my son loves to play on.  They also have a really good food court with plenty of choices.    What makes them unique is that they have a two story carousel with lots of cool animals (not just horses).    The bargain movie theater is also a great place to see a movie that's just a few months old.
3 I was on vacation in AZ from Hawaii, and my aunty wanted to go to this mall for whatever reason she had.  My local family had told me that this mall was kind of dead.  To be honest, it really was.  The stores were somewhat limited in type and actual product selection.  It was a lot smaller than I would've thought, given the size of the parking lot, but maybe they could get in some new tenants that could improve the life of this shopping mall.
3 Grew up on this mall, and remain longing for Mervyn's. I recently discovered they rebranded the Coffee Beanery (which was a favorite) and now it's something like brewmaster flash. I miss the Gap as well.
3 Its a typical mall with typical mall stores. I liked the place.
4 This is a nice mall.  It's a bit far, but they have a good variety of stores.  The food court is OK (could be better).  This trip we were looking for shoes carried ONLY by the Dillard's in this mall.  It was a successful mission.
4 I haven't been here in a few years, but from what I remember, it's decent! Typical stores, ok food court, but it's not a dump and you will likely to be able to find whatever you need here.
2 Not the mall that it once used to be. Most of the places that I once used to go to are gone. I was so excited when they built the bookstore, but now that is gone too.  The only saving grace is the cheesecake factory.  :-(
4 Great place to shop for almost anyone you can think of. Very spacious, clean and easy to find everything.
3 A decently sized mall, with some outlet/discount stores to mid-range shops. Some notable "anchor" stores are Sears and T.J. Max. The food court has your typical selection of food, from Dairy Queen/Orange Julius to Paradise Bakery. The vibe here kind of reminds me of Fiesta Mall back in the '80s in terms of the look and feel of the mall itself. Sure, this mall doesn't have the glitz and glamour of Scottsdale Fashion Square, but it'll do for this area.
3 Pretty clean, easy foot traffic, and a good selection of stores.
3 decent sized mall with a fair variety of stores to browse and shop.
3 It is a decent mall. It has some good shops. The layout isn't too confusing like some malls can be.  It is clean and it usually isn't to busy when I am there. I haven't used the bathrooms there in a while so I can't say how those are.
4 I enjoy hanging out at this mall on weekends and whatnot.  Not to sound creepy, but usually it's fascinating to just sit outside in the courtyard and watch the Motley Crew of 'shoppers.'   The stores in the mall are pretty great too, with lots of variety and some places that are just . . .odd. The mall security guys are an unhappy lot, if you are caught carving your name into the courtyard's 'unofficial name-carving tree,' they try to kick you out, then they tear down the tree within the week.
5 Nice mall! A cheaper priced movie theater , attached . Food court, merry go round , mall stores ! If you like malls you'll like this one, just be cautious at the power rd entrance, red light camera gets a lot there.
