2 I hate going to chain hair salons.  First of all, I don't have a "fashionable" hair style.  I usually just shave my hair at home.  But sometimes I like to keep it a little longer.  When I do, I have it parted on the side and combed over.  I have hair that does not take to styling very well.  And I am losing it on top.  When I want a haircut (I've had 3 real haircuts in 9 years of living in Vegas) I want it cleaned up around the back and ears and trimmed on top leaving it just long enough to continue combing.  What I from Great Clips was quick service from a lady who made no small talk at all.  This does not necessarily bother me.  I am not one for small talk any how.  It just seemed very impersonal.  She cleaned up the back just frine from what I can tell.  She messed up around the ears.  The left side is trimmed higher than the right.  I feel off balance every time I look in the mirror.  The top was not trimmed much leaving that unsightly cowlick to deal with still even though I told her I wanted it gone.  She also asked me if I wanted to keep the side burns.  Considering I have a full face beard that is connected to my head by side burns it seemed like a stupid question.  Of course I would like to keep what ties it all together.  I would look pretty stupid otherwise.  This is exactly why I cut my own hair most times.  If I need a real haircut I think I will try to find an old fashioned neighborhood barber.  At least they may not butcher my hiar and charge me up the whazoo for it.
2 Had some free time so decided ill try this place usually just shave my own head but wanted to try a 2 on the sides and longer on top lady could no figure out what I was asking her all I wanted was it to look like a smooth fade into the top making more of a military hair cut rather then a bowl. after she did my hair it looked like she did it with her eyes closed one side was longer then the other and the other side didn't fade at all went home and shaved my head waste of $$$
4 my mom needed a quick trim, so this place was right where we live and it's pretty affordable, so we went. she was seated immediately by a young woman, seems really nice and so we showed her a pic to give her an idea what my mom wanted. i thought her hair actually looked good, it was obviouseshe was new but it turned out good so my mom was happy. so far so good.
5 Great Clips was one of those last minute places I went to out of desperation a year or so ago. I had been growing out my hair, but found it was mostly damaged due to years of dying and needed to cut off the fry. I came across Airyka (not sure if that's the spelling...she's now my go to at the Durango location) and she did exactly what I asked for, which was to cut off the dead 'do into a boring, simple long bob. I went to her shortly thereafter and she was not afraid to continue cutting off my hair as I went into more adventurous endeavors, which included a side shave, another side shave, and on and on.   Airyka moved on to Durango and because I live so conveniently close to this Centennial location, I visited Layna (Gosh, I think that's her name!), and she was also unafraid of my obscurely described, daring requests. She cut my hair with precision and skill...exactly to my specifications. After that haircut, she ALSO relocated to another Great Clips and I started seeing Airyka at the Durango location once again.   Today, I had a wedding to attend, and as I'm a last minute kind of girl, I decided to get my hair cut hours before the wedding. Airyka was unavailable, so I took my chances and went back to Centennial, where I came across a spunky, straight forward woman named Shelly. Just like all of the other professionals who have worked with me at this location, Shelly was patient and worked through my cut with me as I decided what little changes needed to be made. She cut my hair exactly to my specifications and I am finally in a place where I am happy with my cut.   Getting your hair cut is very much about communication and finding a person who fits you, which can be an extremely difficult task. I get my hair cut here for $10-$12 dollars and don't feel like it's a waste of money to try and work with a hairdresser when it costs so little. Additionally, all of the hairdressers I've worked with at this location are endlessly patient and never have a bad attitude about my needs. With that quality of service at that price, I think it's a pretty good deal. Sure beats an egotistical $50 haircut I can't stand.
1 Horrible service , completely screwed up my hair shaved it beyond what I asked and went it came time for a line-up in the front the most crucial part of a haircut she lopped off a chunk of my hair and it's the overall line up is crooked! I basically paid to get the hell out of there I will never go back to this location EVER ! Management should speak to their stylists about paying attention to what's in front of them not around them .
