5 Pricey but good. The sonoran hot dog was delicious. Taco salad also a good choice.
3 Could have added more bacon n egg to my egg bowl. Still, loaded with flavor.
3 Fish tacos were pretty tasty but came with no sauce.  Asked for green salsa and got red.  Also, it was $24 for 4 tacos
4 Nice addition to the airport.  Carnitas tacos are the way to go.  Plus a nice pull up bar while waiting on a flight.  Don't forget the black beans & rice in the to go cup:)
3 The girl working the register was too busy talking to her coworkers to get my order right or to remember to give me the soft drink I ordered, but the  Birria burrito I got instead of the breakfast burrito I ordered was awesome. Great food, poor service.
3 This was closest to my gate..and i was feeling hungry..so why not..  I got the overpriced 2 carnitas tacos... Not legit at all..  It was just eh.....
2 I ordered the breakfast bowl with Applewood bacon and queso. I asked for no salsa, which they accommodated me on that. However, their chilaquilas (an ingredient in my bowl) is really enchilada sauce. In what world are those two the same thing? Chilaquilas is eggs, nacho chip strips, ranchero sauce and cheese. Since they soaked all of the chips in this enchilada sauce, the whole thin tasted horrible. The bacon was in whole slices rather than broken up - doesn't make sense for eating a bowl. They used green olives which I've NEVER had on Mexican food. I hate green olives and would have asked which kind they were had I thought they might something other than the traditional black olives. My husband did not like his breakfast tacos either. The only reason they are getting two stars is we've had good quesadillas here before.
4 I'm sitting a couple of feet away from Sir Veza's as I wait for my flight to board. I had some time to kill and was very interested in a drink and at this gate Sir Veza's satisfied both of those requirements. Their menu is simple, I ordered a burrito with grilled chicken and a "sky harborita". Their layout is kind of weird because anywhere you stand to wait for your food and drink will be blocking either people getting drinks at the bar or people behind you waiting to order.   Anywho, I got my burrito and drink and after a few minutes snagged a seat at a table. The harborita did it's job for $5 and the burrito was actually pretty good. Black beans, cheese, rice, meat, and a side of chile verde which was flavorful and I'm glad I dipped my burrito in it. If the burrito ($7.95) were a dollar cheaper or a little bigger, I probably would have no complaints. This is a pretty good joint and would eat here again
3 I had a flight to SF that was departing from a gate near this place and wanted to grab a bite before I boarded.  It looked like a cool place and offered some menu items that looked good.  After browsing the menu, I ordered:  Nitro Nachos, $8.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sir-vezas-taco-garage-phoenix?select=b0HbdLhmPl7Lmj8L7E8yJA#b0HbdLhmPl7Lmj8L7E8yJA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sir-vezas-taco-garage-phoenix?select=Snw9oAxwcW-qlb-bUIeASQ#Snw9oAxwcW-qlb-bUIeASQ  Quesadilla, $6.95 + Peppers, $2 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sir-vezas-taco-garage-phoenix?select=Lualv9KuNGft6MChnGZwpg#Lualv9KuNGft6MChnGZwpg  1L Water, $3  The Nachos were pretty good, but messy.  I had to eat 1/2 of the dish with a fork because the bottom half was soaked in Queso Cheese.  I don't recommend ordering this to take on a plane....it's not plane friendly as you will get messy.  The Quesadilla was very interesting.  I ordered it with the Peppers, which was an additional $2....it actually came with Peppers & Onions.  It tasted like an Italian Pepper & Onions Sandwich.....which was good, but unexpected.  Overall, I thought the food was pretty good for airport food.  Return Factor - 75%
1 I had about an hour to spare between early morning flights at Skyharbor and so decided to try out a new place.  I ordered the turkey sausage sliders as I hadn't seen those on a menu before.  I think everything is cooked fresh and so it took a few minutes to prepare (which was fine for me, but if you have to catch a flight that might not be great).  The bread buns were nice a light/fluffy - perhaps like brioche - the turkey sausage was kind of flavourless, the egg "pancake" was terrible, like microwaved frozen eggs terrible I honestly thought it was a pancake at first until I looked at the menu again.  There was some cheese present, but it had no taste.  I added both the salsa they give you and some sriracha I asked for, but nothing could save the sliders.  There was a side of fried potatoes/papas but they were very small pieces and had been overcooked.  Based on this meal I would not eat here again.
2 It's hard to fail at nachos, and I had the blandest nachos I've ever had, despite the beans, cheese, jalapeños, guac, sour cream, and pico de gallo piled on top. I'm not even sure which topping it was that tasted like cardboard because it ALL kinda tasted like variations of paper.   The space is small, and you order and then stand around blocking everybody else while you wait for your number to be called so then you can nudge your way back to the front.   I'm only adding a star because they seemed to have a decent beer variety on tap, although I didn't get any because there was no place to eat inside the premises.
3 I actually think the food is four stars based on the airport scale of jeebusi'vebeenpoisonedtellmyfamilyilovethem to prettygoodactuallyididntjustgoovermycaloriesfortheweekinoneday.   Just clean your tables and give us more seats. It's crowded like a frat party on a Friday night. Forfuxsake.
2 Got the bacon breakfast taco on a layover. Pretty odd and greasy-the tortilla was fried on the griddle, I believe. Definitely not a traditional breakfast taco, the salsa was closer to ketchup. I can't comment on the other food options, so the stars are for breakfast tacos only. The service was friendly, though.
2 Meh...Hungry at the Phoenix airport and they were playing the NBA finals...Why does "meh" airport food have to be sooo pricey?
3 grilled fish tacos with shredded cabbage were quite good, for food in an airport..
2 Passing through Phoenix airport and ordered a vegetarian bowl.  It cost more than $8 and I left a tip.  Opened the bowl to find about 1/3 cup of rice and 1/3 cup of black beans, plus a sprinkle of fajitas and a tablespoon of sour cream and tablespoon of guacamole.  In other words, it was very, very little food for the price I paid.  Also it was quite greasy and over-salted.    Airport food, sigh.
1 I waited for about 5 min at the bar which didn't even have a bartender behind it. When the bartender arrived, she pleasantly took my drink order, but then helped two ppl after me (poured a soda for a kid at the bar and then closed out a check). It's not like airport bars are amazing, but this level of service was pretty poor. Oh well, beer in hand now : )
5 5 stars for a few reasons. Awesome beer selection and I have 3 hours to kill. The food is well above average airport fare. If you have some time and need a good beer come here. Gate C12. It's worth it.
1 Zero service. Food is given in take out containers. Nachos are served with fake cheese and they do not have jalapeños.
4 Better than average airport food. I had breakfast tacos. I wish they had cooked the bacon more but I enjoyed the mix of flavors.   They serve a good beer selection in red solo cups. Also have PHX local beer Kilt Lifter
4 Chicken burrito.  Chicken boiled more than grilled.  Strange mini rice, but had black beans.  Corona light on tap!
4 This place is great. Beer is served only in red Solo cups just like a proper dive bar. Build your own burritos, fish tacos. All good. Hey you're in an airport, set expectations accordingly! Love this place
5 We stopped in for a quick beer before our flight. The bar features a large beer selection at pretty reasonable prices. They were served in red solo cups, which was a little odd, but kind of fun at the same time. We ordered from the counter as the bar was full. The beers came quick and the staff was friendly. We didn't try the food, but it looked good and was reasonably priced. We will definitely be back.
3 Dropped into Sir Veza's Taco Garage on Thanksgiving morning with my family on the way out to California. Did not eat anything; this was about some liquid holiday cheer!   Everything is served in Red Solo cups to keep track on who has a beverage, if ya catch my drift.   Aside from the Tang, our bartender made a pretty good mimosa. Negra Modelo on tap.   Also, the guy thought I had a Minnesota accent. Too funny. At the very least, thanks for giving this Northern California lady a good laugh!   Prices seemed typical for airport drinks; however, when your awesome Pops is footing the bill . . . Who cares?!
4 Waiting for my Southwest flight. Absolutely delicious and reasonably priced (especially for airport food). Good service and a fun atmosphere. Nothing like a Corona and a veggie bowl to relax before getting on the plane.
3 Huge portions and tasty stuff. Trust the bartender, she knows what to recommend.
2 Can only recommend this place for a great ice cold beer but nothing more. Had the Nitro Nachos...eek, me thinks not! Poor quality ingredients. If they mess up nachos with simple ingredients what other harm can they do w/ the rest of their menu. Restaurant its self needs a little sanitizing & sweeping. I would feel bad about the glass my beer came in but they serve in red solo cups. First time I'm happy to see them.
4 Not bad in fact good. Great service at the bar. Good food, excellent beer selection. I enjoyed the time there with a beer and quesadillas - enjoyable. Keep it up a welcome addition to sky harbor
1 Actually didn't try the food. Stopped into to grab something to eat after a long day of travel. Bartender closing down his register,  kitchen was getting cleaned up, waitresses were closing out and and doing side work.  When I  asked if the restaurant is still open the rude bartender pointed at the gate across from me and said when that plane leaves they close.    I walked out of there, who wants to eat at a place that is 99 percent closed down and on top of that they weren't even inviting and said hey we're closing down but don't worry about it,  come on in and grab something we will take care of you.  Stay open till you close.
5 Had the chicken tacos. They were not your ordinary tacos which was a good thing. Very good taste and only about 9 bucks. Service was quick to. Recommended
1 Want to know how to gross a vegetarian out? Stick a big chunk of chicken in their vegan burrito bowl. Never again!
3 I got the bowl [which comes with guacamole, blak beans, rice, salsa, cilantro, chipotle crema] and for the meats I chose Barbacoa and carnitas. I wasn't expecting much for the quantity, the quality is average. Didn't have much meat in my bowl. If you're looking for airport food that'll satisfy your hunger for an hour or two, get what I got! Good for those who don't want to be on the plane with a full stomach. =]
1 Here today and was treated so rude by a 40 something male bartender.   What an idiot. Why are people mean?  There was not reason to be rude you could tell that he was often rude to people as other employee had their heads down. He was some type of manager probably sad about how his life turned out so he treats people rude because there is nowhere else to go in the airport.   If you can avoid it do not go here
1 I needed lunch during a layover. Unfortunately, PHX doesn't have many options. So I settled on this place. The decor was fun and the menu LOOKED good. But it is best not to judge a book by its cover.   First, we ordered the sliders. I was starving but my wife just wanted a snack. Figuring the sliders might be enough to satisfy us both, we ordered them. You get TWO sliders for $8. They were flavorless, but not terrible.  Because that didn't satisfy my hunger, I went back and ordered the nachos. Nachos, how hard could that be? Ok, these were TERRIBLE! The cheese, wasn't cheese. And it didn't even come close to tasting like cheese. The meat certainly didn't look like meat. And the chips weren't very good either. I've never done this before, but I actually returned them. I wasn't about to pay $12 for the 2 terrible bites my wife and I took.   Find another place, you won't be happy eating here.
1 Took 15 minutes to get a chicken burrito, and there was no line. There were more people behind the counter than waiting for food. Seriously, this is way too slow for airport food. Food is only so-so - Chipotle is better (and way faster).
3 It's not the worst option for fast food style airport food. They have veggie tacos that provide reasonable portions and nice scoops of guacamole. The rice is awful and the salsa is more like pizza sauce. Although it's affordable and quick.
4 So first off I feel it's important to say that this place is in the airport, which I feel colors the review. All in all the place is good for its location. That and the ability to leave an airport eatery with fairly interesting food and a good beer for $15 is pretty good.   The style of the place is a hipster chipotle. Flavor is pretty good and not that inventive. Options are tacos, burritos and bowls w/ the same meat options as chipotle. So why not go to chipotle?  2 reasons, 1. There isn't one and 2. The beer. Again the beer.  So they have 20 different beers on tap, locales and national micro brews. They allow taste before you buy and are pretty good.   3 on its merits, 4 because of an airport.
4 Good food especially for an airport. Really pleased with Sky Harbor additions of Chelsea's Kitchen and Sauce. But for food next to the gate this is a viable option. Good bacon and egg breakfast tacos as well as chicken tacos for lunch. Give it a try. Cartel coffee next door also.
1 Ordered the fish tacos - should call it fish nugget.  For $9 - I got two bites of fish across two tacos.   Ridiculous.
4 They did it up on decorations, and the bartender, Natalie, was great.  Terrific for an airport bar.
