5 I've been a customer for them for half a year now at their Garden Grove location. Before starting school again, me and some of my girlfriends decided to go to Vegas for a little vacay. Luckily Beyond Beauty Lashes has expended to Vegas so that I could get my fill done.   Just like their location in Garden Grove, I was greeted nicely by the receptionist and was offered water and snacks. Their large range of options for lashes was still the same so I was able to get the same look I've been getting for the past 6 months. Jenny took me in and got me looking fabulous again for my girls weekend.   I'm so happy that they were able to take me in and get my lashes looking great again. Thank you Jenny for the lashes! My friends will forsure be coming in to get their lashes done at their Garden Grove location.
5 Yes! Eyelash Extensions in Las Vegas!!! Beyond Beauty Lashes is a gem in both Orange County, California and Las Vegas.   I have tried a few different places simply for the fact that they were closer to where I live but none come even close to the quality and expertise.  I usually find myself willing to drive an hour just to see them at their Garden Grove location.  And when I heard they just opened a Vegas location, I was so excited & thrilled.  The new location is more than 3 hours away and that makes me even happier than ever! Why?  Vegas & Lashes - kill two birds with one stone...So cool that I can get a new set of lashes before hitting the clubs when I'm in town.  And best of all, they are about 10 minutes away from the Las Vegas Strip.  I just visited their new Vegas location and it looks amazing. I love the comfortable chair that one can easily fall asleep on.  The atmosphere is very relaxing and an hour later I'm a totally happy customer.  Thanks for the quality service for half the price out there!
5 They have a lot of options from natural to glam. I haven't been disappointed. I've been to other lash salons but this one has always been on point and my lashes always turn out beautifully. The best is waking up with them! Both their locations (Garden Grove, CA) are great.
4 I had a hard time looking for their location in Las Vegas which was in an empty lot and I ended up coming in late. It didn't seem to be a problem though. They had a large selection and I upgraded to the mink since they were nicer. I wanted my lashes to be long and full which I think is what they gave me but I don't think I had enough lashes for them to make it as full as False lashes. My eyes were really sensitive to the glue which the fumes made me tear up when I opened my eyes. I would randomly tear up the first week. Jenny did let me know that they had a glue that was more sensitive but would only have lashes stay on for about a week so I just stuck with the stronger glue because a week was not worth it to me. I don't think I'll be getting a fill since I have sensitive eyes and my lash line feels itchy sometimes. I still randomly tear up but not as much as the first week I had them. They are nice though and I've had some compliments on them. I plan to stick it out 2 more weeks then have them removed.
5 I bought a LivingSocial deal for eyelash extensions since I've been dying to try them out. Went & was surprised with all the options they give you. Type, length, straight, curly, etc. I ended up making a great choice with the help of the Jenny & after 5 weeks they still look great. I'm headed back to get them filled as soon as I can get in. (Very busy there)  Jenny did a great job & it only took under an hour & the men who answer the phone's there have been super friendly & helpful! I def recommend this place!
2 I went to this place after purchasing a groupon for a full set of extensions for $69.  A screaming deal even if they are synthetic and you can upgrade to mink for $15.  Jenny was my technician and she was friendly, knowledgable and did a beautiful job.  The chair as others have commented was super comfy and lined with paper for the perception of attention to cleanliness  The receptionist was friendly, too.  Additionally, I was provided with an "after care kit" which contained a brush, some makeup removal wipes and some business cards, a nice touch.    But and it's a BIG but...the bathroom is DISGUSTING.  There was fecal matter all over the inside of the bowl and algae stains on the water line indicating that the "blow out" hadn't just happened.  Come on people, you are in a customer oriented business working on people's EYES, nothing tells me that cleanliness and hygiene are NOT a priority than this.  Scary.
5 Found their service through Groupon. I scheduled my appointment on Sunday and almost forgot about it. I went to get my lashes done hungry-as in starving since I woke up late. The whole time Jenny was doing my lashes my stomach was growling. I mean, all I can think of was food and donuts they had for the customers.  It took about 45 mins and my lashes was awesome. Jenny was friendly and professional. Will get my fill next time. They were awesome. Okay, my ramen is here- time to eat.
5 My usual go to lash lady went out of town, but I needed my lashes done, bad. I found this place through yelp, and so glad I did!    Upon arrival, I signed a few forms and checked it. They had all kinds of refreshments for their customer, so I helped myself to come Belgian cookies (which were delicious).   I was taken in right at my appointment time, and was worked on by Jenny. Jenny is FANTASTIC!!! She brought out all the different types of lashes, and explained each different lash they offered. She allowed me to chose my preferred length, thickness and curl. She also showed me pictures to give me a better idea of how it'd look. I thought this was wonderful! She was so concerned of making sure that I chose what I wanted for me.   After about 45 min, my lashes came our PERFECT!  I am sooo pleased by my lashes, that I will definitely be back here for all my fills! I'm so glad I found this place, and jenny!!!
4 I had a good experience here and felt comfortable as a newbie. I took advantage of the $65 Mother's Day special in May and they accept Spafinder gift cards! It took me a little while to get used to my beautiful lashes but everyone  who saw them said they looked so natural. Jenny did a great job. Only complaint is that 2 wks after application, they are shedding more on my right than my left. Probably because I sleep on that side. They still look great!
5 I first went here on a Groupon and now come on a weekly basis. My girl does such a great job on my mink lashes and I always get compliments!!! I couldn't ask for a better professional and very nice staff. I'm always looking ready to go out because of this wonderful business. LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!! You will get hooked too :)
5 This place definitely deserves a 5+ I've been coming here for quiet a few months and I love it, front desk greets you right away by your name and that's always a plus! I normally go to Jenny she is very sweet and down to earth, has great suggestions if you don't know what you want as far as length & thickness etc.   My lashes last for over 3 weeks, which I'm very impressed with because at other places I have to go in within the first week to get a partial fill & I no longer have to do that.. They've gained a permanent customer here for sure!!!!
5 Found out about BBL on Groupon a few months ago and have been a returning costumer since then.  Customer service is great, scheduling online appointments are efficient, and Jenny does an amazing job!!!    I would highly recommend this place to anyone!!
5 Super late post. I just wanted to say I LOVE my lashes. I had Katie and she did an amazing job! She knew what I liked and worked her magic. (: I just gotta warn you, she's so gentle with her hands that you just might fall asleep! Sorry Katie.. But they turned out beautiful, and I am satisfied!
5 Greetings all!   I am a customer of BBL in Southern cal, but whenever I am in Vegas I visit their location in Nevada (Henderson).   Amazing customer service, friendly staff and now they are expanding!! Woohoo!!!  I love how they :  *always confirm the appointment (via txt message - super modern!!!)  *are always on time!   * offer drinks, snacks and magazines on the waiting room * are fast (BIG ONE)!  * great quality lashes and amazing suggestions  BBL is great!
5 So happy with their services.. Customer Service from the beginning through the end of my services... Jenny did my lashes and advised me as a newbie and I was so happy and the reception area Michael I believe was so very nice and helpful ... What a great experience and so happy with the results!! Yay!  Thank you for a great experience !!
5 This is the only lash place i have been to but I'm liking it and everyone loves my lashes.
