1 Worst customer service ever!!!  Avoid this store if at all possible!
1 Everytime I go here there is only 1 or 2 cashiers, even when the lines of people are 10 customers long. Customers are NOT their priority, I have stood there waiting for them to help me while they chit chatted with their co-workers for 5 minutes before even acknowledging me. rude, rude rude... and I complained and their attitude was like "oh well"  extremely POOR management....will NOT be going back any time soon.
4 I give it four stars.  It's not a lot to be said about Kmart its the store we all love and trust. The customer service dept could be better. But I shop here weekly.
1 Kmart has taken a steady decline for years. this store just screams low class, unhappy workers, low quality products, and cheapness. I only stop here when I do not want to drive farther for basic necessities.
3 Kmart is Kmart. They are usually not organized. but sometimes they have great deals. I love that they carry the Thom McCann shoes. They last forever!! When I was little in Calif. we had a Thom McCann store and wore them always especially shoes for play or church. The assistance from employees is a hit and miss. There are some good ones there.  They are open 10-9 but, holiday time they change it for earlier and later. They have Lay a way also
2 There was another listing for this location on here that I reviewed but it has since disappeared. Oh well, I will review again.  I have visited two other locations in Vegas and one in Bullhead City, AZ and this one has to be my least favorite. I don't like how the store is set up or organized. I only come here for home decor and occasionally for shoes. It's just scarce.   The apparel section is just sloppy and unappealing. I'm not a snob and have bought clothes from KMart before, but the way that it's placed here makes me avoid it like the plague. After one perusing, I just have no desire to shop it anymore. It just feels cheap and unworthy. I hate to say that considering that I shop the other store's apparel section and look forward to it.  All in all, this location for me is just home decor and electronics. Got a great deal on a flat screen TV here. Anything else, I'll pass.
1 Miss Krissy. Bad customer service . In isle 5 there is a product on sale, "lucky Charms". Let me know I'll purchase it for you. That is why establishment close because if bad service. Lucky your store has great people like Suzy . To pick up your slack. Two thumbs up Suzy. Krissy " god Bless you" remember Isle 5.
