3 Stu Miller Pumpkin Patch.  The sign that Christmas is around the corner.  Where else can you get a pumpkin and launch your daughter to the moon on a bungee ride.  With a small petting zoo, many bounce slides and courses and a whole lotta pumpkins, this place is A-OK.  And the prices are reasonable as well.
4 Tons of pumpkins, a petting zoo with pony rides, rides and games. We went on a Friday around 4 pm and it wasn't too busy. Everything was clean and I felt comfortable just letting the kids run around.  I have not been to any other local pumpkin patches so I am not sure how to compare pricing but we purchased 20 tickets for access to the rides and games, 3 pumpkins (2 small and 1 large) and 4 bottles of water and spent about $45. Overall it was a good time and I would definitely go back next year.
5 We took our little one to the one on American Pacific and Stephine he absolutely loved it. There were pony rides,jumping houses,petting zoo,games,and swings. It is free admission you just have to pay for tickets for rides, we bought a book of 20 tickets for 18 dollars and it was just enough for our little one :) he had a blast. If you are looking for somewhere fun for a family day, this is definitely the place :) Thanks Stu Miller pumpkin patch for giving my family and I a great experience :)
5 Great place for the kids to come and play.  They have a great caring staff with plenty to do: bouncey house, petting zoo, bungle jumping, and three slides!  Great place for taking halloween pictures or picking your pumpkins.
2 Horrible service this year. Gone here the past 4  years now and this year by far was the worst. Stood and waited 15 minutes for someone to come operate the swings. Told 2 people that worked there during that time both said "ill send someone over."  They we not busy at all. 3 other families were there it was 11:30 am. So no excuse to make the customers who were there wait. The pumpkins are way over priced. Everything is dirty. There is hay everywhere, id rather it just be dirt. The "petting zoo" is just sad. Poop and flies EVERYWHERE! Poor animals. The rides are over priced. .90 a ticket. Wouldn't be bad if each ride was only one ticket. NO! Most are 3! Paid 6 tickets ($5.40) for my daughter and niece to jump in the bounce house for no joke less than a minute and then they wanted out. They would not give me my tickets back. I should have just left then but i had already purchased an 20 pack of tickets for $18. Place is a joke don't waste your money!
5 Awesome pumpkin patch for a fun family outing I highly recommend checking it out our family had a awesome time kids love it!!!!!
4 This year's pumpkin patch has stepped it up with more attractions and decor.  Great place for cheap thrills with the family, and you must go at night where the place lights up real pretty.  It's in the corner of S. Rainbow and Warm Springs.  Enjoy!
5 My family and I just got home a couple of hours ago and I gotta say - we had a BLAST at Stu Millers Pumpkin Patch. Maybe its because we werent expecting all that much but still I have to give them props for having all the pumpkins laid out the way they did. It just made it feel so cool walking around and there was just the right amount of attractions to keep the kids entertained.  Id have to disagree with others' comments about bad service, almost any ride/attraction I brought my kids to had an attendant on hand ready to accept tickets. That was really all they did and my kids zipped through the slides and the little jungle gym course on their own! The rotating swings wasnt of much interest to them lol. They preferred the  huge slides.  To top it all off, my 2 oldest kids thoroughly enjoyed their trampoline bungie jump (for the record it was way more than 90 seconds, more like 5 minutes or so!). It was a little pricey at 9 tickets = $8 but it was worth it seeing their smiles and a little bit of nervousness, even though it was only 1 time each haha. In total we spent about $45 in tickets (and socks, dont forget socks or else kids cant ride the slides)  and $15 for a large pumpkin (guy who helped me pick out the pumpkin was real courteous by the way, took the pumpkin all the way to the car for me! Thanks bro!!). It came out to about $60 total tonight to be at Stu Millers Pumpkin Patch... but it was a priceless experience with the family. :-D
1 Came here for the first time. Still had an hour and a half before they closed.  We were in line for the bungee ride and stopped taking riders one hour before they closed. While waiting for this ride decided to play some games. They closed that part too!!!! We bought $20 worth of tickets and basically only use $5 worth. NO REFUNDS!!!  They need to tell people before they buy them!!!! Nice guy working here said the tickets don't expire and we can use them next year. I don't know if we would come back.
4 I have no children except the 29 kindergartners I take here each year for our fall field trip. I say YAY to this group of people who can transform an empty field a few yards away from one of the busiest roads on the west side of town into a festive spot where young kids can make some first memories with their families and friends. Being a country girl, of course the petting zoo area is my favorite. The bounce house and rides are fun for the kiddos. The staff is friendly and helpful and patient when 90 five year olds take over the place for an hour. I am glad that my city kids get a little bit of "country" experience while here at the pumpkin patch.
