3 Brought my 2yr old in for his yearly pics at the photo studio since they had a deal where you got a free 10x13 without buying anything. So we take several poses and I pic the one I want for my freebie and tell the girl I will view them online at home with my husband to pic out some more photos. I love that you can view them online and order. They even offer some some pretty good deals so its best to not order in studio. Its cheaper online. The pics arrive for pick up in less than a week. Sears has started doing the rewards program but I dont shop here often enough to benefit from that program but if you do make sure to sign up. All and all it was a pretty good experience & I will come back for photos again since its a really good deal.
1 If you're trying to pick out a microwave, do yourself a favor and ask them what they have IN ACTUAL STOCK before you waste your time deciding what one you want. We picked out three and by the third one that they didn't have in stock but on display (CLEARANCE they all say, only it's only the floor model, the only one in stock, they do not say, until you ask, and you wait fifteen minutes to ask) we gave up and left. This took forty five minutes.   I don't like to be "that person" yelping like a jerk but really. There was one lady working by herself on a Saturday afternoon and ten people waiting to ask her a question. It pisses me off that a gigantic ( yet failing) corporation like Sears doesn't even bother to make it look like they care about properly staffing their hourly employees, let alone meeting the needs of their few and far between consumers.
3 The only things I have bought from Sears are pillows and towels. My husband has gone in to buy other things, like tools, but I don't accompany him on those trips (I like to shop but not THAT much!!). When Sears has sales on pillows, you can get really nice ones for a great price.   I never need assistance from sales associates when I am at Sears, but I do appreciate how the ones I pass as I walk thru the store usually smile and say hello, or offer their assistance.  My biggest complaint with Sears is the annoying credit card push the cashiers go through every time I am there. Even though I have a Sears card, I am still pushed to upgrade to a better card or join different programs. I just want to pay for my stuff and go! It's clear they are just doing what they were trained to do though, so I try not to show how I annoying it is with my facial expressions, but it's hard.
2 This place makes me sad.  When I was little, I remember doing my back-to-school shopping at Sears.  It was always bustling with activity - I used to look forward to visiting Sears because they always seemed to have the coolest clothes.  Now, I think the prerequisite for shopping at Sears must be that you have to be over 70 years of age.  I am ALWAYS the youngest person in the store.  It's pretty pathetic how empty this place is at any and all hours of the day.  The quality of the goods has deteriorated as well... anything I have bought at Sears lately (mostly clothes) has fallen apart in record time.  The sales associates are really nice, especially the blonde woman who works at the jewelry counter.  I recently bought jewelry for my wedding at Sears, and she was helpful and chatty.  It's really pretty depressing, because I don't know how much longer associates like her will have a job if traffic doesn't pick up in the store soon... and I'm sorry, but I don't see that happening.  Sad times at Sears.
1 OUR APOLOGIES TO SEARS.! Today we went to the store to buy a replacement wedding band that I lost yesterday. The parking lot is almost deserted, maybe  5 cars parked there. We go inside into the jewelry dept. The woman at the counter, as soon as she saw us she engaged in a conversation with a coworker, while my husband and I are standing there. When my husband got tired of it he approached the two employees talking and one of them rudely ask "Can I help you" with a demeanor like, how dare you dare interrupt our conversation. We found a wedding band 10k, not the 14k we were looking for and was way overpriced. The employee was cold and a little aggravatted  for us taking her time. No wonder they are going down. Terrible service, inferior, overpriced merchandise. So we apologize to Sears for taking their valuable time. NOT!
3 Gosh, what happened to Sears?  This place needs a makeover and fast! Why can't they remodel and get the trendy clothes that are in style?  It is depressing to see, I use to frequent Sears as a child.  I had to call this store regarding patio cushions.  I was first given to the wrong person and then someone else picked up and then put me on hold again.  My call was finally answered by a gentleman and I gave him the item number of what I needed and he said they were out of stock.  I told him the girl who looked originally said the same thing but said to have someone actually look for the item.  Apparently that was too much trouble because he just said we are out of stock.  Guess what?  I was at the store today and saw the cushion in stock!  Computers are not always correct about inventory!  Why is it so hard to go the extra mile these days?  Is it that hard to physically look for inventory on the floor?  I know this store is NOT busy at all so it would give the employee something to do.  I am only giving this place 3 stars because I give the portrait studio five stars.  They are always pleasant and do the best they can trying to get all of my boys to smile.  I have gotten some incredible pictures from them.  I also love that the portrait studio is not over the top pushy to buy pictures like some other chain portrait studio in town who will remain nameless.  :)
1 Not a fan of this store, place is very empty. Floor people are very rude.  Went in to shop with my family, was greeted very rudely with a basic hello.   Staff was just huddled around the registar, almost seemed annoyed that we came in.  Was looking for the shoe department , when asking where it was the gentleman that was working rolled his eyes and basically just pointed the direction it was in.   Will not return here.  I can see why no one shops at this sears.
4 We find ourselves coming here every once and while. We have bought a freezer, an elliptical machine, and various clothes and home items. It always hard to review chains. I think a plus is that this Sears is in a mall. I think the quality of items ate usually pretty good and the prices are ok. They always have deals going on. If you are in the area and from some have never been to a Sears. Check this one out. Cheers!
1 The place is dead, shelves are half empty, over priced.  We bought the very last patio table in stock and on sale and when we got home, one of the main screws holes to hold the table together was stripped. We couldn't return it due to it being the last one, so we used super glue inside the hole an rigged it our self and now it's working great.
4 Good store.  I like going here because it's NOT part of a mall.  It doesn't seem to be as hectic and busy as a mall Sears would be.  We ordered a product at a Sears in Tucson AZ, and than we picked it up here at Sears in Henderson NV.  The service was great, and the sale price was great too.  I compared the same product other places and this one seemed to be on the lower end compared ot Best Buy and several other electronics places.
2 Went to the store to do a price match.  Called ahead to make sure they did price matching, they said yes.  I get to the store, find the product go to checkout.  Ends up they don't price match with K-Mart.  Manager was vague when I asked him to explain...didn't really explain it at all.
2 I have a long history of shopping with Sears and my family has bought from them going back 5 generations. But I think I'm the last of my family that will be buying from them as they ain't what they used to be.   Pros:  Jewelry sales.  Craftsman tools Kenmore appliances.  Stand alone, not in an ancient mall location.   Cons:  Sales people are on commission, some can be almost cut-throat in their approach.  No I don't want your dang credit card. And you want me to pay how much for your new lease terms? Service Contracts for appliances are EXCESSIVELY over priced.  Checkouts? Hope you're not in a hurry.  Pricing: Some stuff is actually cheaper at Sears.com than it is inside the store.   2 Stars.   (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #22)
4 Let's face it, this place has been around for centuries and it is like a timex, it keeps on ticking.  a.  Price -Like all retailers, they have tons of sales, discounts and etc. Overall prices are reasonable.  b.  Clothes Selection - If you are looking for name brand, most of the brands here are value based brands. Other than Levi's and Wranglers, you will find the more generic and blander brands. I would classify this as the basic necessities.    c.  Tool Selection - Top notch.  d.  Appliances - Top notch selection although they do carry their own brand - Kenmore.  The sales staff are all waiting for you so if you feel like a target, you are!  e.  Shoe selection - Need running shoes, athletic shoes, well all the generic brands and basic brands are here. The place where it is different is in the work boots. Like the hugest selection of work boots available.   Overall, Sears is a great place to get the basics for daily work and play. Not fancy, just your wholesome great place to go.
2 My daughter is 7 months and out growing her car seat....  Me being... well me, I was looking online for pricing, and seeing what stores had what....Why waste the gas and put the miles on the car if they don't have what you want or need?  So, I find this pink a licious car seat, on the sears/kmart website. The car seat doesn't say that it is "in stock" or "sold in store", however, it did say available for store pickup.  I called the store to make sure that they had this in stock, for me to be able to buy. The girl I spoke to was very nice, and she told me that they only had one in stock, and that she would leave the UPC at the head cashier's desk. I told her I would be there within the hour.  Walk in with my daughter who is asleep. I pay, and have enough SYWR points to pay for the tax. Awesome. My change due was .74 cents. I asked the cashier if she wanted a penny, you know, to make it .75 cents, since she was opening rolls and rolls of coin. I guess she didn't catch on, because she just went on about how the "previous cashier didn't replenish the coins"....... okayyyyy.  Even though I was picking it up RIGHT NOW, the cashier said that she needed my address, and telephone number. I wasn't ecstatic about giving this, but okay.  The cashier told me that I needed to re park my car to the other end of the store. I told her I didn't think that would be necessary, I grabbed a cart and told her I would rather not go back in the heat, drive around the store, get back out in the heat, and what not, especially with my infant.. I do not understand why they couldn't just bring it up to the cashier's desk in the first place......  To pick up my car seat, was like going on a freaking safari. I had to go to the very back of the store. I had to go through un-automated doors, and then was greeted by a machine, where I have to try and angle my receipt at just the right angle so the scanner could pick up the bar code. I looked around, and Sears prides themselves in getting people their merchandise in less than 5 minutes....HAHA.  In about 3 and a half minutes, the guy came out with my car seat. It wasn't going to fit in the cart, and the associate made it pretty clear that he wasn't going to help me carry it to the front of the store..... I completely understand, it was extremely UNHEAVY. And having me carry my baby, walk through the entire store, load my daughter in the car, park, unload my daughter, wait for him, and then load the car seat, my daughter and myself in the car would be so much easier. Oh yeah, he put the product back in the "back" again. Waste of time.  So, annoyed, I drive around the building. Where half of the parking close up is employee parking, and half of the other section reserved for "pick up" is a tow away zone if you leave your car unattended.  Really , Sears, get a simpler system. That car seat could have been brought up to the front, just as easy as the UPC could have. That associate could have walked with me to the car way easier than me driving around, parking, and getting out merchandise for the second time.   Not impressed.
2 As I mentioned in my original review, rarely do I need assistance from a sales associate when I am shopping at Sears.   I was recently in the store to purchase a new vacuum. I had done a little online research prior to arriving, and was able to decide what model to purchase with relative ease without any help from a Sears employee.  What I did need some help with was getting the large and bulky box up to the cash register. Not one of the EIGHT sales associates that walked by as trying to maneuver the box to the front of the store offered any assistance. I finally got fed up, placed the box near the televisions and left the store.   I was able to find the same vacuum, priced $30 cheaper, at another nearby store.  A serious decline in customer service, coupled with high prices makes Sears a pass for me from now on.
3 We went in to grab some tools and I was very surprised that the store wasn't busier. Right before the holidays and there was barely anyone in the store. We found the tape measure that we were looking for and then decided to do a little Xmas shopping. This store has a pretty good shoe and jewelry selection. I was able to purchase a very nice necklace and earing set for my brother's girlfriend. It was very pretty and very reasonably priced. I also got myself and my mother a bracelet.   I wasn't very impressed with the women's clothing selection. However, I really like that the receipts can be emailed as well as printed.   Staff was very friendly. Although we really didn't need much help.
5 I went in hunting for a tv but if you stop in the home appliance department you will find they have a buy more and save more deal on kitchen appliances sweet deal friendly associates and a very nice Sears store in general.
