5 Found Richard via Yelp (and thank you very much to Yelp!) and could not be more pleased.  We had used several different groomers since moving to Henderson three years ago, and finally decided it was time to look for a mobile groomer who would come to the house.  One of my pet peeves (freely admitted) is so-called professional people who don't return telephone calls or answer messages left for them.  Such was the case with the first mobile groomer I contacted -- scratch that one off the list!  Richard returned my call within minutes, made an appointment to be at the house and showed up exactly on time.  He started out by greeting our two Cavalier King Charles Spaniels on his knees, playing with them.  Then one at a time, out to his rig for their baths... his set-up is pretty impressive, and just as advertised, the dogs can see out and the owners can see in as Richard works his magic.  He gave me an estimate for how long the baths would take... and he was finished early.  The dogs looked gorgeous, they were happy and completely un-stressed.  My other half is in the vet field, can be EXTREMELY critical of how animals are treated, and since our initial experience with Richard has recommended The Pooch Mobile to several clients at the vet hospital. That probably says a whole lot more than any review I could write.  Richard and The Pooch Mobile deserve SIX stars.  It's just that Yelp doesn't let us go that far in the ratings.
5 Richard did an amazing job taking care of my husky. You can tell he really cares about dogs and how he handles them. I would definitely recommend him to anyone I know to use this service. He was happy to work an appointment time with me and he was very friendly. My dog still wanted to play with him afterwards! It was a fun and convenient experience.
5 We have used Richard and The Pooch Mobile service several times.  We were initially drawn to him because we have a rescued golden retriever who's extremely skittish and uncomfortable with people besides us.  Richard allows us to be in the trailer with him, which puts our dogs completely at ease.  Richard has a gentle manor that translates into a comfortable experience for both us and our dogs, plus the convenience of him coming to our house is a real bonus.  We highly recommend him.
5 I'm really happy that yelp helped me find this dog grooming business. There were only a couple reviews to help make my decision, but I decided to give it a try anyway. The previous reviews were spot on. Richard was a great guy and highly experienced with animals. We held a great conversation and he told me about all of his years of experience across United States and Australia (he's Australian) doing this dog grooming.  Trust me when I say: you cannot put your dog in better hands than Richard. You might even start to question whether Richard loves your dog more than you do. He worked miracles with my dog. I always had trouble clipping her nails because it was always a really uncomfortable experience for her. I'm not lying when I say that my dog was yawning and wagging her tail when Richard was clipping AND filing her nails.Step aside Cesar Millan, A new dog whispers in town and his name is Richard.  Overall, the experience was very pleasurable and my dog smells like $1 million. Richard also came exactly at the time that he said he would and didn't keep me waiting. What's also nice is that he let me know that he will travel anywhere in town. I'm moving far from where I live now, which is pretty convenient to his current location, but I'm happy to know that he will be grooming my dog in the future no matter where I go (in Las Vegas / Henderson).
5 I have been so happy with the Pooch Mobile services.  My dog is a rescue dog and he has always been very afraid of people and new experiences.  Richard is so good in working with my dog, and now my dog just loves seeing Richard.  My dog just hops into the Pooch Mobile and gets ready for his wash with no fear whatsoever.  .   Before the regular dog washes with the Pooch Mobile, my house was covered in dog hair.  After a few washes, my dog's coat is under control and I no longer have dog hair throughout my house.  My dog just loves his washes and when he comes back into the house, he is in the best mood. The hydrobath makes him feel better and afterwards he just wants to play and be goofy.    I appreciate that Richard contacts me regularly to schedule the dog wash.  I don't even have to think about.   Having the Pooch Mobile come to me is the best idea ever!  I highly recommend Richard and the Pooch Mobile service.
1 The services might be excellent but it wouldn't change the fact that the answering service is terrible.  I have called on two separate occasions and I have yet to get a return call. Don't waste your time trying to make an appointment.  I know I wont be.
5 Richard does an amazing job! He was very good with all three of my dogs. I will be having him take of my dogs in the future.
