3 It's not a bird, or a plane or Superman. It's Super Pizza!!! Or is it? They REALLY need to change the name to Super Chicken Fingers or even Super Ranch Dressing. Super Pizza is a little extreme and needs to roid up and squat it out to live up to that name.  Super Chicken Fingers has the biggest, crispiest, white meat grubbin', butter lovin' fangers and sauce. You will lick your fingers and yes they will still taste good cold. The Super Ranch is loaded with Dill and the co-star is Garlic. Usually garlic is the leading lady, but not in this show. Only sometimes does the Dill seem to be showcased which is one of the reason I can't give Super Chicken Fingers 5 Stars.   The pizza? Ain't all that super. It was decent and they seem to use quality ingredients, but the amount of cheese they loaded on to my pie was overwhelming and made it hard for me to enjoy the pie. I might as well put it directly on to my gut and thighs and rub it in real good using gentle strokes while listening to Frank Ocean by candlelight. A mozzarella cheese sensual massage. Yup, that would be super. This pie has major potential just don't use a heavy hand unless you are pouring me a stiff one and we can be friends.  The prices seem to be the same as every other pizza place. When it comes to pizza I just see red and don't care about prices or world peace or tomorrow. I definitely recommend giving them a chance. Especially after they read this review.   P.S. I think the employees should be required to wear capes and man tights.
1 Terrible food. Worse customer service.  We had a large pizza delivered tonight and after just one bite we couldn't help but notice there was something wrong. The crust felt like it was dipped in sand. Little yellow crumbs all over the bottom of every slice that were hard as rocks. When we called to complain we were told it was corn meal and "that's just the way we make our pizza and, if we wanted to, we could drive the pizza back to the store and get another"! They refused to deliver a replacement! Unacceptable! If you like pizza that taste like it has a bunch of crushed, uncooked popcorn kernels mixed into the dough, then you will love this place
5 These folks are super friendly. And if you like east coast pizza & steaks, this is seriously THE BEST PLACE IN TOWN.   Two stars? Who wrote those reviews?  Ive been here three times. All three times the staff have been very personable and polite, and the food has been good. They even gave me suckers for the kids.   Tonight i finally knuckled down & tried the cheesesteak. I say knuckled down because every other place Ive tried cheesesteaks in vegas has been a disappointment or a disaster (who puts a cheesesteak on a hotdog roll? Believe it or not ive seen that in vegas. Bleck!). Which makes me a bit gunshy.   For no cause tonight. I was so happy to have an amoroso roll i nearly cried.   It was kind of a madhouse cuz tonight was a school fundraiser, but despite all the chaos they were still very polite and personable.   The owners are husband & wife and they came out and talked to us. The hubby (the chef) said if you wear eagles wear during football season, its 50% off your order!  BOOYEAH!!!!!!!!
5 First time at Super Pizza.  Was very impressed with the service and the pizza was great!  They gave us free garlic bites (which were very good) and a dessert. It's a keeper!
4 They are called Super Pizza, but We came here for some Cheesesteak action after reading about it on a recent talk thread.  Marvel Superheroes decorate the restaurant here, and the workers are very personable. We ordered a cheesesteak to share. The question was-did we want it "Wit' Cheese?(Provolone) or "Wit' Whiz? (Cheese Whiz) I asked the lady if they could do half and half, and she said"no problem".....NICE! Unfortunately Amoroso Rolls are no longer used because they would buy them frozen, and as soon as they got to Vegas, the quality wasn't the same, so they use a local bakery. The Lady assured me it was pretty damn close to the real deal, so I said to do it up like the locals do, with onions, peppers, and the two different cheeses. We also decided to order a cherry pie for dessert.  The Cheesesteak arrives and let me tell you, it is enough for two people! They serve it with skinny fries like Freddy's and very filling. although both of them were good, I prefer the provolone over the whiz. The pie was also good and different, being made from pizza dough, it was crisp, and chewy, and the filling wasn't overly sweet.  Forget Pops, this is the place to get your cheesesteak fix. Returning to try their pizzas in the future as well.They ARE Super Pizza right? Their pizzas must be super!?!? ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(84/100) "Cheesesteak Search"
4 This place was a topic on the Las Vegas Yelp Talk forum so its only natural I check it out since there were high praises. Props to Kathy B for spreading the word out on this place. It's always good to support your local mom and pop shop.  With that said I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak Hoagie. They bring it out to my table and I was amazed at how big it was! (That's what she said) I gotta say it was about a foot long. The bread itself seemed like it was freshly baked. Not bad for about 8 bucks.  If you check out their menu, they have plenty of other choices like chicken fingers, wings, fries, hot and cold sandwiches, calzones, strombolis, and of course, pizza! Heck, they even have cannoli's! They have all sorts of different specials everyday.  Service is very commendable. From the moment I walked in to the moment I walked out, the hospitality was pleasant. Bathrooms are nice and clean. The décor suits their name for they have all sorts of super hero stickers on their walls.  So whenever I am in the area, this place will definitely be on my radar as one of my lunch choices for I still have all of the other items I mentioned above to try.
4 Super Pizza is on the way home from work so it was time to try the cheesesteak. Very friendly staff here. My order came out so quickly cuz we talked the whole time. Came to find out they do not use the amoroso rolls anymore. Not that big a disappointment to me. They would never be as fresh as getting them in Philly. The cheesesteak was very good. Very flavorful and a big portion. I will definitely be back. I have to try the pizza again. I had a slice but they put more cheese on when reheating it. I would have asked them not to do that but didn't see this terror taking place. Not a fan of adding anything for a reheating of pizza. It's either there or not.
3 Super pizza did call back and apologized and replaced our whole order. Much better the second time. Meant to post this sooner but when I logged on to yelp the review was gone
5 I used to make fun of the name of this place because what kind of name is "Super" Pizza?. I was going to count it as a generic pizza place until I found a coupon on the back of a receipt at Smiths. My gf convinced me to go there and after reading the reviews I figured I should try the pizza (even though most people kept talking about their philly cheesesteak).  With superhero stickers all around the inside, I get where the "super" part comes from. We dined in and grabbed a large Pepperoni, Bacon and Ham pizza. On top of that when talking to the waitress they made some cheesy bread sticks (per request) which was really good. It wasn't like my hometown ones but the fact that they attempted something off of their menu which was still delicious was awesome.  As for the pizza. The crust was spectacular all the ingredients were fresh. I don't know what was in the cheese and sauce, but this was pretty much one of the best pizza's I've ever had. I love pizza in general so for me there really isn't a such thing as a bad pizza. But I am a major fan. I can see myself gaining some extra pounds at this place.  Check it out though!
5 I have no doubt that this is THE BEST pizza in Henderson, no in Las Vegas.  It's a great Mom and Pop restaurant the owners were super friendly and helpful.  Joey M. had a request for them to make some cheesy bread that wasn't on the menu and they were more than happy to oblige.  The dough for the pizza and for the bread sticks are the best quality I've ever tasted.  The dough was light and fluffy, but the crust of the pizza were crisp, it had a great garlic taste that really brought out the flavor of the pizza.  The pizza sauce tastes like it was home made too, very tomatoey and you can taste the herbs in the sauce.  The best thing is probably the quality of the toppings.  The cheese was the best I've ever tasted in a restaurant's pizza.  The pepperoni was spicy, the bacon was crispy, and the ham was fresh and sweet.  We got a large pizza which is 16" take-out special for $8.97 for plain cheese and extra for each topping.  We can usually finish a large pizza pretty easily, but I could only eat one slice of pizza, Joey had three slices.  We were more than happy to take the other half home and finish it today!  The large pizza with 3 toppings, special request of bread sticks, one soda came to about $22.
2 Read all the reviews about fresh ingredients and the pizza so we just got a vedgie pizza delivered. Honestly, I am really diappointed with the quality. Nothing about our pizza was actually fresh, the vedgies (peppers, mushrooms, etc.) were all canned vegetables. We won't be ordering pizza from here again for this reason. Gross. To the owners: don't be cheap with your ingredients or customers will notice and not return.
1 It pains me to give super pizza the rating I gave it, but I feel like I have no choice.  I really wanted to like this place, for me it's close to my school and it had good rating on yelp, however this is not going to be a glowing review.  I came here with some friends from school with a hankering for pizza, and I wanted to find a "go to" spot that I could count on to kill my frequent pizza cravings.  Upon entering I noticed a Philadelphia eagles jersey hanging and asked, "hey are you guys from Philly?"  They were, and I took this as a good sign as Philly has great pizza.  I immediately put in an order for the special, two slices with a drink; I found a seat with my classmates and awaited my meal.  Here is where the wheels came off this wagon.   I waited, and waited, and waited some more.  Now keep in mind I came in before any sort of rush, yet my pizza never came.  I watched as everyone in my party got their food, I even saw other customers come in and get their food, and still I waited.  When I went up to inquire about my pizza they said, "yup you got the two slices" acknowledging that I had placed an order even before I had spoken to ask where my pizza was.  Then they said, "we're making a new one", again all before I even asked.   Now I completely understand that when you're making fresh food sometimes you run out and have to make more, this doesn't bother me.  When you don't do anything to let the customer know that you're running behind, or really care that somebody is on a lunch break and doesn't have two hours to get food, this kind of makes me upset.   Beyond that I though the way they spoke to me was dismissive, and I feel like they didn't care to make things right in any shape or fashion.  I mean they even charge 50 cents for soda refills, can you at least offer one of those or just say I'm sorry?  I don't really care for freebies, or try to milk the system so I would have declined, but it's the act of offering that shows you care and are trying to save a bad customer experience.  I ended up going to the counter one more time to ask them to wrap up the pizza to go which they did (but gave me a look that signaled they were not pleased with me).  I threw the box in my car, and went to my class late.   I don't think I'll be going there again and it really sucks, because to be fair, the food was good (my friends let me nibble off of their food so I found out).  I wanted to bump up their rating on that alone, but let's face it customer service means a lot, and sadly it's lacking from this establishment.
4 This review is for the cheesesteak only. The location itself is kind of hard to find. Look for the gas station and towards the back. My classmates and I came here during lunch and there was no wait. We all opted for the half cheesesteak + fries lunch combo for around $5. It took them awhile to serve us but it was well worth the wait. Good thing I picked 1/2 since it was the size of my arm! (maybe subway can learn a thing or two). I honestly couldn't finish the whole thing off. Delicious steak covered in melted cheese and sautéed onions and mushroom = delicious! Couldn't have asked for more.
3 This is a small, family owned place (from the looks of it when my kids went) which is a GOOD thing because we LOVE family owned places. The food was good, friendly service and we would return! I wish they were located in a busier place. Anyway, we enjoyed the experience! :-)
2 I called to order delivery during lunch time.  Because of the great reviews, I decided to try the cheese steak......and got a side of fried mushrooms.  I was told it would take 30 minutes to deliver.  I pre-paid for everything and included a $5 tip on a $15 order.   After 45 minutes passed, I called to see where my order was.  She was suprised it hadn't arrived yet and even said how slow they were today.  About 5 minutes later it showed up.  Don't know why people rave about the cheesesteak because I thought it was pretty average.  And the fried mushrooms were almost cold because they were so late.
5 My son turned me on to super pizza through his wood shop teacher at green valley high school. I really love their pizza ! And I have to say , I never got a crappy order from them. Even their chicken wings and fingers are awesome! Their staff is ready to please! Whatever you want, they make it ! And delivery is Free! If you like pizza this is the place !!!!
5 The pizza was great! Also ordered funnel fries which were amazing. The prices were low which makes it even better!
4 Wow. Another shout-out to my Yelpie friends for writing about this place. Their cheesesteaks are amazing. I got it with mushrooms, onions and sweet peppers for around $7-8. (I can't remember and I don't see it on their online menu.) Getting it with the mushroom and peppers is the way to go.   Their cheesesteaks are huge, the length of my wrist to my elbow and they have the most amazing sweet peppers on them. I can only think of one other place that has peppers this delicious and that's Secret Pizza, on their combo slice. I don't know what they do, it must be an East Coast thing, but it's way better than just fresh peppers that are fried up.   The steak is also smothered in a white cheese (provolone?) and for the price its a good deal. Can easily feed two people. Yes, it's the best Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had.   Their pizza is good too, typically New York style.   This would be a great stop for kids as there's super heroes plastered over all the walls and tables.
4 I am a little disappointed that I hadn't known about the cheesesteak until recently. I might have had it occasionally for lunch back when I was frequenting places in this area such as Ross J's and Chicken Shack, whose menus don't contain cheesesteak.  I had an errand to run in the vicinity, so I used the Yelp online ordering system to order ahead, courtesy of something called Eat24 that I'm not too familiar with. It's pretty cool - easy to specify what you want, make any special requests, select what time (5-minute intervals) you want it to be ready, and even leave a tip if you'd like.  I had selected a 12:00 pickup time but happened to get there 10 minutes early. Luckily, they were already getting it ready, so I had a small wait and was able to glance around. I guess they're Philadelphia Eagles fans, although I don't know if they'll air the non-nationally televised games. I do like the superheroes plastered all over the walls. I think my friend would like this place since he's a big fan of comic book characters (again, sad for lost opportunities).  So, the cheesesteak. I picked the super cheesesteak (onions, peppers, mushrooms for $7.95), which was actually not on the web site for some reason. I forgot about selecting a cheese, so they defaulted to provolone. It was pretty good! Tender meat throughout, pretty decent bread, just wish the filling wasn't so center-skewed so that I didn't have to start biting the ends off or else risk having empty bread at the end.  Given that it didn't pick up my tongue and slap the insides of my mouth with it, I wouldn't say it's a sandwich that's a must-try in the Vegas/Henderson area. But it's definitely a should-try if you're a local or passing nearby, and it beats the _cheesesteak_ at Capriotti's handily (maybe not the other sandwiches). I approve.
5 This place is amazing ! Food amazing service amazing ! Environment great what more can you ask for plus the prices are reasonable
2 It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't consider it good pizza. As a former Chicagoan, it is difficult to find a good pizza anywhere but home. I understand it is supposed to be New York style but the term is so dilluted that it means nothing anymore.  I will give them another shot.   Garlic knots were doughy and needed more cheese and garlic. Pizza crust was crunchy on the edge and super soggy in middle. Also pepperoni didn't seem cooked enough, althpugh not a health risk, as a pepperoni lover I lile mine crisp on the edges.
5 Tried Super Pizza today because of the recommendation of a great friend.  We loved it.  Friendly service & yummy pizza.  I especially liked the crust. After dinner, we tried the funnel cake fries! Strips of funnel cake with a little powdered sugar on top.  Yummy!  Prices are very reasonable.
2 I got a cheesesteak delivered; the lunch combo with the soda and fries. Extra whiz and add mushrooms. A decent deal and it tasted aight. I wouldn't say it was GOOD; it was mediocre at best. The fries were pretty tasty, but it's hard to screw up fries. I probably won't do it again because the reviews said the cheesesteaks are the best thing they have....
3 My dad ordered pizza while visiting him.  They had a one topping special.  It was good.  What I liked best was the size of their slices - huge.  Did not care for the sausage, sliced like pepperoni.
4 I really like Super Pizza! Great pizza, and fast delivery. I'm more than pleased. I'll have to try more than pizza to give it a solid 5, but I haven't been able to get myself to order anything different. My fault!
4 We ordered the White Pizza,Pepperoni and sausage and a cheese pizza. All were fantastic, the white was phenomenal ricotta, garlic and mozzarella tasty and piping hot . Quality ingredients friendly  atmosphere and the staff are awesome friendly . Love the Super Heroes all around . If you want authentic east coast NY/NJ style pizza this place is a must! Oh the cannoli is divine! Definitely will go back again and again!
