5 When my rock climbing partner viciously kicked a bunch of pebbles and debris into my eye and blinded me out by the Pond @ Queen Creek, I went to work flushing it out with water for what seemed to be an hour. Even after all that, it felt like there was something still in my eye so I called and explained my situation and Jordan at the front desk gave me an appointment for the next day. But due to cancellations she called me back and told me there was an opening the same night so I grabbed at the opportunity.  Turns out it was only a small abrasion on my cornea but it felt like it was a lot worse! Also got my eye exam done since I hadn't gotten it checked in over 5 years :O  Dr. McMullen was extremely nice, friendly and helpful. All the equipment is newer technology (as far as I know... the last time I had a eye exam they were still clicking things left and right).   I would definitely recommend coming here for your eye care.
5 I just cried driving home from Salt River Eye Care. I haven't truly seen the beauty of the desert in years. The progressives and the sunglasses that Jordan helped me pick out are perfect. I recommend Salt River without reservation. Dr. McMullen is both professional and personable. I trust him implicitly. Jordan is a gem, and all the ladies in the office are like sunshine. I don't know why anyone would go elsewhere for eye care! (And they accepted my insurance.)
5 I had a fantastic experience at Salt River Eye Care on Pima today! I was anxious to use my 2013 optical insurance benefits before they expired, and I was so impressed by Dr. McMullen, his team, and his clinic, that I had to post a recommendation. Best part? He has a state-of-the-art piece of equipment that allowed him to photograph my retinas and show me what he was looking at WITHOUT having to dilate my eyes. (Check out Optos Dayona.) Fantastic! They said they're open next week for any other insurance/flex spend procrastinators out there. 480-278-7732.
5 Very easy 5 star rating. Can not find one negative or even neutral thing to say about this somewhat new optician/optical office  The location on the NE corner of Via De Ventura and Pima is in a new medical building which also has an independent neighborhood pharmacy.     There are several diagnostic tests pre exam which all seem to be really state of the art. Dr. McMullen himself, seemed friendly and professional. He took his time answering ALL my questions and refined my current script. I was extremely pleased with the treatment I received on my visit.   I have been going to a different guy for quite awhile but, was feeling rushed the last few visits. You won't have that feeling here.   Highly recommend this office.
5 Truly caring doctor who is concerned about your personal needs, I find this hard to find now. Have no doubt in my mind that I would go anywhere else, great practice and amazing doctor!
5 Easily the best optometrist I've ever been to. Not only does the office have the latest technology, including an Optos Daytona 3D, but each and every person I encountered in the practice was incredibly helpful and pleasant. Dr. McMullen is friendly, knowledgeable, and took as much time as I needed without seeming the least bit rushed even though I was one of the last appointments of the day.
5 This is the second time I've seen Dr. McMullen, my first visit was January 2013. I am ashamed to say it took me over a year and a second trip to write this review!   I am EXTREMELY near sighted, (-7.5) i cant even see my face to put on makeup in the morning. I have a very hard time wearing contacts, and for the two years before i visited Dr. McMullen I was wearing my coke bottles..errr, glasses, 85% of the time. Now I can happily say I've been back in my contact lenses for over a year.   Dr. McMullen takes the time to help find a solution no matter how long it takes. He is also extremely personable and his office staff is very friendly as well. They do their best to accommodate your schedule and lifestyle, staying open a little later than most dr offices and even open on Saturdays!  And, my new FAVORITE feature, he has a new machine that takes a photo of your eye so you don't even have to have your eyes dilated anymore! He is always up to date with the latest in technology to keep his patients healthy. But more importantly, i dont feel like im walking into an office that's over the top with gadgets and decor and charges to make up for it. It is very apparent patient health is the number one priority.   There is also a pretty great selection of frames for a Doctors office--Ray Bans, Fendi, and some super cute sunglasses for reasonable prices.   All in all, if you are looking for an Eye Doctor, Choose this one. And if you have insurance, call--they may take it! They are constantly adding new providers so they may not be listed on your insurances website yet.   Sorry for the long review, but when you find a doctor you can trust you want to spread the word. :)
5 Wow.  Friendly office, really nice guy.   I'm don't with the big impersonal eye care groups, this team actually cares.   I've recommended Dr. McMullen to friends and coworkers alike.  Give them a try.
