5 Our local Regus staff here is amazing and so professional.  Nay, Heather and Jen at the front desk are always here to help in the most efficient manner.  Our clients are always impressed on how up to date and modern our office space, facilities and lounge are and arrive with a good impression.  I've looked at other Executive Suites and non come across as professional as Regus and that not only includes the staff, but the furniture is top grade, kitchen facilities, Copy services and shipping services as well.  I highly recommend Regus for your office needs.
5 Well first I recommend getting their new Gold Card membership, it's just $50 per month and with it you have access to there 1500 or so offices nationwide, anytime you need one, including high speed internet access and free refreshments. I've typically used Starbucks as my traveling work station and although their coffee is still much better, these Regus locations are a much better environment to concentrate.   Today I got to use the "Think Pod", it's kind of a futuristic looking work station that give you a little more privacy than the general work area. Although the office chair provided was not very comfortable and the desk barely fit my laptop and note book.   The front desk girl Ashley was very friendly and helpful! When I needed something printed she got Teri to print it for me and they didn't charge me for it either. Kinko's likes to charge me .50 per page and although I'm not sure it's common practice in Regus locations Teri saved me about $7 today which will by my burrito bowl at Chipotle! So in essence, Teri & Ashley bought me lunch!   So definitely recommend using these offices if you need a great work place, this location had a nice view of Las Vegas from the 5th floor and the staff was very helpful and friendly. Meet all my expectations so far.
5 This is a great office with fabulous staff!  The office space is beautiful and geared toward making tenants and their guests feel very welcome!  I would highly recommend this office for anyone that's looking for a professional environment where all your business needs are always met with a smile.  Mike, Ashley, Teri and Lydia have proven to me that they will bend over backwards to make sure your every need is met.  Actions speak louder than words and this is an office of Action!!
1 Have dealt with them more than 3 years now. Originally signed up for a special they were running on craigslist that run about $400 for voice, mail, and a tiny closet sized private office.   It was swell during the first term of my contract, but early last year they started to refuse to provide services I paid for and continued to pay for (now almost $600 per month!), they refuse to stick by their part in their own contract.   Yet they will fight you to death (or simply refuse to answer the phone, return calls or email you back) should you dare try to cancel. They make canceling nearly impossible.   In my case, last year they said I could  said I could downgrade services in February (I wanted to switch from an office they don't actually provide me anymore down to their $200 a month mail and answering service), yet when I contacted them in Feb they said they "auto renewed" my contract 3 months prior "for my convenience".  How can they auto renew someone who has talked to them several times about changing my service or outright canceling? Ugh!! Dishonest bastards.  Initially, I felt that Regus was very reputable as they tend to choose prestigious locations. However,   when i continued to have trouble with them, I recently typed "Regus complaints" into google and was horrified at what I saw. Sadly, I now feel like I have fallen for a truly egregious, large scale scam.  These are apparently not ordinary business people making honest mistakes -- instead the online reviews and complaints I've read seem to i deed "mistakes" and dishonorable behaviors are indeed their actual way of doing business. Even when they won't provide the services, they still insist on taking your money! Selective enforcement of a contract is illegal and dishonest. Contracts are not one way -- they their to protect both parties, not so one party can suck the life out of the other, as Regus attempts to do.  I have given my contract to a local attorney for enforcement and to seek compensation for their continued nondelivery of services paid for.   So, to sum it up, I have found my experience to be horrifying and expensive -- be very careful when you approach these dishonest people. They use flashy addresses to trick you into thinking they're on the up and up.   Except for one Regus location I've used in Kirkland, Washington (which, for whatever reason is amazing) I have other locations, including the one on Howard Hughes, to be extremely dishonest. I don't know why they bother with this dumb way of doing business -- what do they hope to gain long term?  In all of my business dealings, I have found it easier to make to make long term by being as honest and helpful to customers as possible. Heck, Tony Hsieh built Zappos into a billion dollar company in just a few short years in Vegas using this very simple principle (and I have taken his training, wonderful man!) yet after year, honest businesses tend to make more and more money.  Why doesn't Regus understand this basic concept? Dishonesty only provides an advantage in the short term. It's the excellent, honest companies that survive and thrive in the long.
