5 What a great place to takes the kids and very Cheap. They serve shaved ice.The staff is very friendly and have many flavors to choose from. It is cash only. They also offer authentic hawaiian treats. Nice and clean. Its is locally ran and owned. Also noticed on their Facebook page they did some charity work too. 7 people and the bill was like 15$. Never realized the difference between shaved ice and snow cones until now. Shaved ice is better for sure. I love the texture of it!
5 Authentic!  They don't have the ice cream (for the middle) yet, but they are working on it. Prices are extremely reasonable (they have large portions) and the syrups they use are all imported from Hawai'i. The owners are absolutely lovely and happy to help.
5 The owners make this place special!! The shaved ice is unique and delicious! Plus the future plans sound exciting can't wait!
5 They are the best!!!! lots of flavors great service!!!
5 pitaya bowl!!!!!!!! super delicious!! %100 authentic!!! and the staff/owners are great!!!!!
5 Love this place. My husband and I were in the mood for shaved ice and stopped here. Kevin was very nice and let us sample some of the most popular flavors. The prices are great for the amount of shaved ice you get. I love the free topping choices!
5 I love this place SO much! They definitely got me hooked! The prices are super reasonable and affordable. When I went I got to sample many different flavors before choosing what I wanted. You get a TON of shaved ice for the price and ice cream on the bottom is only 50c more! This stuff is the real Hawaiian deal and I'll never go anywhere else!
5 Finally found some good stuff here .... the best in Arizona ....
5 Nothing like a snow cone. Soft and creamy and wonderful.  You must bring the family and try this great treat.
5 Short Version: Awesome. JUST like being in Hawaii. Got the Dragon Blood, Hawaiian Punch and POG with Sour Spray, Ice Cream on bottom and Extra Snow Cap.   Long Version: I debated between 4 stars and 5 stars here because of the really long wait and The ONLY reason this didn't get 4 stars is because the owners are SUPER apologetic and accommodating. Granted, it was busy and there is only one person making the shave ice so it's understandable.  This place is a testament to exactly what solid, friendly service will do for a business. Patrons won't turn pissy for a long wait as long as the owners/employees acknowledge that there is a long wait, apologize and are friendly. So often do we go to restaurants now where the staff is pretentious and make you feel like you're lucky to be there (See: My "The Mission" Review).   My nephew got little samples from the owner and shave ice maker in between him making it for other people. It's the little thoughtful things like that that keep customers happy and loyal.  You get to pick 3 flavors for your shave ice and optional additions are ice cream on the bottom and snow cap on top as well as a sour spray. The sour spray is pretty sour, so beware. We love sour so it was perfect. I love snow cap so I asked for extra. I wasn't disappointed. I just need to bring my own condensed milk next time.  I'd come back in a heartbeat.
5 Best Hawaiian shave ice in the valley, Kevin(owner) is very nice and is passionate about the product that he provides. I highly recommend honeymoon flavor for the shave ice, and it is a MUST to have it with ice cream and the snowcap on top to finish!
5 Love this place. We drove from the far west side to try it, was well worth the drive. This is a nice little shop. Clean and friendly. Love the dragon's blood and honeymoon flavors.
5 After searching for a cool treat on a hot day we stumbled upon this gem. The owner, Kevin, went above and beyond to give us multiple samples, explained his product (his passion) and made us feel so welcome. The syrups are like nothing I've ever had, so sweet and fruity. They don't burn the back of your throat like the cheap sugary syrups and they don't dry out and leave you scooping hard, unflavored ice into your mouth. I also had the sour spray and snow cap. Both were divine! If your like sour patch kids, you'll love the spray. The prices are just dirt cheap. I'd pay double. Seriously. $4 total for two giant Hawaiian shaved ices plus toppings?!! We added ice cream to the bottom for an extra $0.50. I will definitely be back for more shaved ice and to try the cold-pressed coffee!
1 I give their food a 5 and their service a 0. Went in with 3 friends to try out their shaved ice. At first the owner was very nice but soon he along with a woman who worked their made it very uncomfortable for my friends and I. My phone was very low on battery and I saw an outlet so I decided to charge it . The man working told me that if I wasn't ordering anything I had to pay him a dollar for charging my phone. I completely understood and unplugged it. On the other hand my friends (who bought two items) felt they could charge their phone since they purchased something. I mean he did said it was okay. A little over 2 minutes later a woman came out and kept looking at our table making it uncomfortable , we just felt very weird like we were doing something wrong . My friend went to the bathroom & the woman walked over took her chair away and look at the phone plugged in . There were 2 extra chairs but she took the one my friend was sitting on. When my friend returned she grabbed a nearby chair and the lady came over and said "were running low on chairs so use the chair on the other side of the table" & then proceeded to charge her a dollar for charging her phone, after they told her she could. All in all it was a an unwelcoming experience & we won't be back . It's sad since their shaved ice is so good.
5 Sooo so delicious. Yelp led me to this gem & wow I'm amazed. I really didn't know if it were going to be real Hawaiian kine shave ice (it was!) so happy we went & checked it out. Being from Hawaii, I was so excited to see all my favorite flavors and add ins (mochi, ice cream, & azuki beans) but, keep in mind, if you want the beans, call ahead because he doesn't always have them made. I got tigers blood & piña colada & it made a great combo.   The owner, Kevin was so friendly & genuine. I like the passion he has for this little shop. Can't wait to go back! I'm already anticipating the flavors I'm going to get next time!  Aloha!
5 I just love this neighborhood hawaiiAn ice place! Kevin the owner is fun and friendly and constantly joking with customerS and spreading joy! His shaved ice are fabulous and they have so many unique flavor options! I love the Li Hing Mui, flown in from Hawaii! The entire atmosphere is Hawaiian and beautifully painted! In fact the treats Kevin and his small crew make are authentic to Hawaii and Kevin has told the story of growing up with them, living in Hawaii. The overall experience is fun and your taste buds have experienced nothing like this sweet snow that melts in your mouth! Be sure to get the snow cap of sweetened condensed milk! Oh it is the cherry on top! Oh and they have coffee and pitaya bowls that look delicious! And on top of all these wonderful things, the prices are very reasonable! I love this place and will be back! Again and again!
5 What would I do without the trusty help of Yelp?  Not being used to the weather of Phoenix, Arizona has driven me to find every cold dessert, smoothie or drink place to keep me from fainting in this dry, dessert heat. I am thrilled to have discovered Kamana' Wana which is an unassuming shaved ice shop in the corner of a little plaza that provides a sweet escape from the warm Phoenix sun.  I decided to share a regular sized cup of shaved ice with a friend and chose the P.O.G., Mango and Red Raspberry flavors. We also decided to do the snow cap (sweetened, condensed milk) added to the top and a little sprinkle of Li Hing Mui powder on top.  The shaved ice here is as good as it gets! Flavorful, fruity and not sickenly sweet syrups provide a refreshing addition to the fluffy, melt in your mouth shaved ice. The condensed milk adds a small level of creaminess and the Li Hing powder gives it a contrasting salty note to bring out even more sweetness from the syrup.  There is a variety of flavors and you can choose up to three. There are also free add-ons like condensed milk, sour spray and Li Hing powder. They also carry Pitaya bowls here which I have yet to try, as well as coffee.  The owner, Kevin was so kind, calm and radiated friendliness. He made each shaved ice cup with total care and made sure to talk to every single person. Because of this Kamana' Wana may have a bit of a wait as he is the sole worker here, but it is so worth it! For $3.50 you get a decent sized cup that you can share with another person without getting too tired of it and no tax, you pay what is advertised.  Definitely will be back to try more flavors and of course the Pitaya bowl!
5 I've searched high and low all over Phoenix for *real* Hawaiian shave ice and I cannot count the number of times I've been disappointed by what amounted to snow cones. Now that I've found this place though I shall search no more!  Delicious shave ice, tons of flavor options and great customer service to boot. I'll be back again and again!
5 The shaved ice is awesome!! the atmosphere is welcoming and the owners are very good to my kids!! they treat them like family!!! If you have never been in before I highly suggest you try the out!!! I recommend the Pitaya bowl is a must try!!! SUPER healthy!!
