5 A friend suggested that I try the Dukes of Air for my AC check up. I have never been comfortable with an AC company as you never now if they are being straight with you... Tonya set up the call and John showed up right on time. He put on booties to protect my floor and asked me how the system was working. He then proceeded into the attic and was up there for 30 - 45 minutes. He came back down and I braced for the damage... "Your system is in great shape!" was John's reply. He headed out back to clean and service the exterior units and gave us a clean bill of health!   I LOVE finding honest people to help with services!
5 I have a hard time trusting A/C repairmen.  I'm not about to go rooting around on my rooftop in AZ in the middle of summer and I don't know if they're telling me the truth about repairs or if they're just putting duct tape and band aids on the problem...  That's why I like Dukes of Air.  I know I can trust them with my A/C needs.  They're a family-operated business, they are punctual, and they stand behind their work.    I have known one of the owners for some time now, and she is very passionate about her customers.  I know she'll treat me right whenever I need help with my A/C.  She is honest and I wouldn't hesitate to use Dukes of Air or send my friends/family.
5 The Dukes of Air provide great service at a great price. After going through a several overpriced and less than honest AC contractors, these guys are a breath of fresh air. I would not hesitate to recommend The Dukes of Air to my friends and family.
5 Great company because I feel as if they really cared about my system and my return business.  It is nice to see that there are companies out there that plan on having you as a customer for life and don't look at you as a quick buck.  Customer service is hard to come by these days but Dukes of Air excel at it.  Thanks for your quality work, you have my business!!!
5 These people are great, hard working, and very trust worthy. I would trust them with my house any day.
5 The Dukes of Air are outstanding. If you are having trouble with your heater as winter creeps in, give these guys a call. I know that i have had great experience with all of the people on their team. I am thankful to know such a great team of air conditioning professionals. I know i will call them for any hvac issues that await me. Thanks Dukes of Air!
5 Very pleased with my choice to call the Dukes to my home tonight! Tonya was very pleasant, but the professionalism and knowledge of John was truly exceptional. A quick diagnosis, followed by professional and accurate workmanship resolved the issue I was having with my HVAC. I write this at 11:35 PM, just as John is pulling away from my home. He needs to replace a piece that wasn't available tonight, but coordinated a time with me for his return. In the meantime, I have heat for the weekend!!!  Thanks John, your hard work and great attitude has not gone unnoticed. Keep up the great work!
5 I only wish I would have called sooner.  Thank you, John - my bedroom in no longer inexplicably freezing!  Great value, friendly, knowledgeable and efficient service. I definitely recommend you don't wait until you have a problem before calling the Dukes of Air for annual maintenance. If I would have called earlier, I would have saved hundreds in heating bills. I'll be having them back to check the air in summer.
5 This will go down as one of the most pleasant service/ home repair visits ever ! John replaced the blower motor that had gone kaput. He was knowledgeable, considerate, reliable and just as nice as could be. These are the things we all hope to find when having to have an outside service come into our homes and fix things. From my first contact with Tonya to Johns arrival, it was a positive experience. I know that I have a reliable company to turn to, for all heating and air needs.  Yee Haw! (I had to put it!)
5 If you are looking for a dependable and honest heating and cooling company don't look any further!!  Arizona's Dukes of Air has years of experience and a very knowledgable staff.   They offer great discounts and don't charge for after hours calls. I highly recommend using them for all your heating and cooling needs!
5 My wife researched for an AC repair company for an AC checkup going through the neighborhood Facebook groups. Robert was honest and low-pressure, telling me my options and the risks, offering the choice that it *could* last past the coming summer, but there is a chance it would fail - my choice to replace or not.  Very good experience and I will hit them again.
5 I recently had to have some some work done on my roof that needed the A/C to be disconnected and crane lifted off the roof. They came to help with the disconnect/reconnect of the system.   Throughout the entire time they were there, they were extremely helpful and very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend them to anybody that needs any work done on their hvac system!
5 My husband and I are building a house in Gilbert and wanted to have a company look at our new AC before we closed. Called the dukes and it was easy to set up an apt around my schedule!  I was truly impressed with John's knowledge and tips for our new unit.  I would highly recommend them. Thanks so much again!
5 I have used other companies in the past, but really have to say that these guys are top-notch.  Robert did a fantastic, and thorough job inspecting my system.  He highlighted things to be aware of, and took the time to explain things that I was curious about.    Thank You
5 Just had the AC units checked for the upcoming season. Talk about a Professional and thorough job, Robert from Arizona Dukes of Air, is the man. He took the time to explain everything and show me some short cuts that the prior company probably took. Thanks for the service and the education. We will definitely use Roberts services in the future.
5 Great Company! Used for the 1st time to have AC tune up, great contact from making  appointment last week to great service when Robert showed up today. He really took the time to explain everything to me. Highly Recommend company and will not hesitate to use them again.
5 Wow most professional service I have had - from any trade. Robert really knows HVAC and equally important honest. He showed me what he was doing, why he was doing it and what I can do to maintain the system and minimize my cooling bills. This is so much more than I had expected. Also they were a great value. I estimate that they were 2/3 or even as much as half as the other big company I had originally called. Given the level of service they are an amazing value. When it comes time to buy new units they will get my business.
5 These guys fixed an ac unit that has never worked right. My little boys and I are loving life now that it was repaired. I had two previous technicians from other companies over the past year come and troubleshoot and didn't find anything out of the norm, these guys found it in 10 minutes and it works like a new unit now. AMAZING. Thanks so much guys
5 We needed an annual service on the two units at our home here in Gilbert. Last year, we had a big name company do a routine service for $210. The whole process last year took about 45 mins and their recommendations were "... need more blown insulation and need a 4 yr service contract for $840..." And BTW, they had a special that week only for both services at a 10% discount. I was unimpressed, hence looking for a second opinion.  Robert our tech arrived within 20 mins of the target start time and took 2 hrs to go over the system. He inspected everything and measured the performance of the capacitors which start the fans and compressors. He showed me that one for the fan was performing at less than 50% of what was listed as required. He recommended replacement which we did. Everything else was fine.  So our total bill with replacement of one capacitor for the fan was less than the other guys routine service.  Robert was polite, wore shoe covers inside, and explained things as he went. He acted in a professional manner at all times.
5 Second time I have used this company and have been very happy. Robert was courteous, professional and carried on in the warm sun with a smile. Took the time to explain my issue and even educate me on ways to run my system more efficiently. This was all on a Saturday. Good job! Thanks so much!
5 We purchased a mini-split AC unit for our garage and called the Dukes to install it. Their price was far better than any quote we'd received and the unit was installed the next day. Installation quality was top shelf!   We've also used the Dukes to service the two AC units in our home. Not only did they spot and repair potential issues with our system, they also educated us on how to get the most out of our system.  We're very happy with their service and would recommend them to anyone looking for a fair and reliable AC company.
5 Great service!  Robert was on time, thorough, and had integrity.  I would recommend!
5 My AC broke down yesterday, so I revisited my post and researched all of the companies that were suggested. After my research I called The Dukes of Air, and am happy I did. They came to my house within 90 minutes, diagnosed my problem and quickly fixed it. John (the owner) did not try to over sell me anything and was very courteous. Even though in general, I don't trust AC companies, I think I found one I will continue to use, finally!!!
5 A service company doesn't get any better than Dukes of Air. We came home on a Sunday afternoon to find our up-stairs A/C off and the temperature climbing. I called Dukes at 1PM, they had someone at our house at 2:15 and the the A/C was back up and running within an hour. Not only was the service done quickly, but they walked us through every step of the process - making sure we understood what was wrong with the system and what was normal wear on a 15 year old system.  Excellent local company.
5 Dukes will be my new go to company for my heating and air conditioning needs. Robert was on time, thorough and explained all his findings to me in a way I could understand. From the moment I called them, everyone was pleasant and helpful. I will definitely refer them to all my friends!!
5 Honestly, I was dreading setting up an HVAC appointment for a diagnostic check on the ac unit at our new house. I called around, even used a referral from our realtor but just as I was dreading, they all seemed shady. I came across AZ Dukes of Air on Yelp and figured I give them a try. Wow! They were great to deal with over the phone and by email! They're an old school mom and pop shop; John's wife Tonya does the administrative work while John runs the HVAC work. I love it! Since we bought a foreclosed home, our move in date kept moving, and moving, and moving some more. So, I kept having to call Tonya and move our appointment time. I felt terrible and flaky but Tonya was more than understanding and happily changed my appointment time - several times.   I was bracing myself for a ridiculous "service charge" just to take a look at my ac unit but it was actually very reasonable - I believe I paid around $40 for the diagnostic check. I'll take that! But I still had my reservations - ok, so low fee to check out my ac unit and then comes the bait and switch? Nope! I knew my unit was original to the house so I was just assuming it was going to be a lot of work to bring it up to working order. But, thankfully, Robert gave me great news: although it looks old, it's actually running very well. I mean, what? That's not what an HVAC person is supposed to say?? Aren't you supposed to try to tell me my unit is old and I need a new one?! You're actually telling me the truth?! (Excuse me while I pinch myself.)  So, all in all, I loved my experience with AZ Dukes of Air. They were great to work with, honest, and charged a reasonable fee for their spectacular service. I will definitely recommend them for any HVAC needs!
5 After dealing with another company that wanted to charge us thousands of dollars to replace the coil, John came by and said that the coil was completely fixable.  In about 1 1/2 hours he was done and the A/C was as good as new.  And, He was extremely friendly and helpful.    I will certainly refer Arizona's Dukes of Air to friends and family and use them again in the future.  It was a pleasant surprise to deal with a company that was concerned about customer service and doing a good job versus just milking the customers for money.
5 These guys are great!  It was a Friday night and we noticed our A/C wasn't doing its thing properly. We searched around: the first company said to call them back in the morning. That wasn't an option. The second company said they would call us back but didn't after 15 minutes. This wasn't acceptable to us, though I guess we could sympathize as a customer since it was almost 9 at night.  We found Arizona Dukes of Air and they came out ASAP. Turns out the owner himself arrived, which we thought was incredible. He was very personable and explained everything thoroughly, even had a laugh about the status of our duct work. Things are not good in this area of our house and if it wasn't for Arizona Dukes of Air we may not have found out until much too late.  He got everything fixed and the cost was maybe 1/4 of what a major company would have charged. As he was leaving he mentioned he could help us out with contacting the home warranty people. The whole experience could have been much worse, but we found that Arizona Dukes handled everything very well.  They're now our go-to company and will always recommend them.
5 I also gotta add that John came out late that night and mentioned he had an appointment with another customer at 6 the next morning. He sacrificed his time with his family and his sanity (we all need sleep after a long day) to make sure we were taken care of. He was concerned that we wouldn't have a working A/C for that night and just got it done.  Also, I'm not a veteran, but like him I respect them. He mentioned that on Memorial Day he offered discounted services to veterans. John and everyone at Arizona's Dukes of Air are simply amazing.
5 These guys took my call on a Sunday and came out and fixed the problem the same day.  More importantly, they fixed the problem at a fair price.  Thank you yelp for once again helping me find an honest company with great service, I will definitely use this company again.
5 Like many others, I was hesitant to call the AC repairman as I knew my unit was old and felt like I would be pressured to upgrade.  However, when hot air was continuously blowing out of my vents and the outside unit was not running I knew something was seriously wrong.  I searched Yelp and came across Arizona's Dukes of Air.  After reading the stellar reviews I figured this would be my best option.  I was surprised that Robert was able to come out a couple hours after I called and diagnose the problem.  Robert was professional, polite, and most importantly brutally honest.  He did not sugar coat how crucial my situation was but at the same time he wasn't pushy about what I should decide.  He informed me of my options and the pros and cons of those choices.  He did a great job of explaining the specifics of what was going on with my AC.  He was able to fix my unit temporarily with some new wiring but he warned me that this was only a temporary fix and my unit could die at any moment.  Sure enough, a few hours after he left the hot air began to blow once more.  My unit has been at my residence since 1986 so I knew it was at the end of it's life.  He came out again on Sunday and the unit overheated several times as he was trying to salvage what he could.  Again, he did not pressure me to make any hasty decisions but it became clear what I needed to do.  It was either me replacing the unit or continuing to replace piece by piece of my old unit knowing that it was eventually going to be dead for good.  I ended up deciding to replace the unit.  Robert and John were able to replace the unit the very next day.  The process went as smooth as possible and was done swiftly and professionally.  I recommend this company to anyone in need of quality AC work.
5 The company that installed our air conditioners on our new home referred us to their preferred service provider.  I felt a little uneasy after speaking with someone at this preferred provider and checked out their reviews.  After reading review after review that was not complimentary I found Arizona Dukes of Air.  I called and when no one answered I left a voice mail.  I was pleasantly surprised when I received a return phone call back within a couple of minutes and an apology.  Tonya, told me that she get someone out to my house the same day and told me a couple of the probable issues with our units.  The preferred provider wasn't available for two days and had a less than desirable time slot. John, the owner called me at the time I was told he would be available and said he'd be out to my house in 10 minutes.  He arrived, made a diagnosis, and got us back to refrigerated bliss.  John showed me the problem and explained the air conditioning system.  I really enjoyed talking with him, but it was cut short by my neighbor knocking on the door asking him to look at his system.  Before he left he gave my two year-old son magnets and honked his horn.   I promised that if I received 5 star services, I would rate them with 5 stars and leave a review.  Arizona Dukes of Air fulfilled their part of the bargain.  And now I have too.
5 As with many, I always hate having to deal with this stuff.  So many times it is an exercise in not getting overcharged, getting people to show in a reasonable time, and everything else that comes along with this stuff.  I had called another company when my AC first went out and could not get them to call me back.  I got on Yelp and found these folks.  Got ahold of someone, the scheduled me for the next day, actually showed up early, and fixed my problem.  My problem was pretty bad and actually took all day to fix.  In the end, I actually paid less than others would have charged and I feel as if I received top notch service.  In short, from my experience, these guys get it.  They work hard, they do the job right, and they leave the place as good or better than they found it all for a reasonable price.  There really is not much more to say.
5 Few days back our outdoor unit started making some strange noises and after looking at the Yelp reviews I called this company. John came by and explained me what needed to be done and gave me a quote. From talking to John I felt that his assessment was honest. His price was also good. Today he came by and did the needed job. Again, it was a pleasure dealing with him.   This whole experience with this company has been so different than my last experience (see my earlier Yelp review on a similar company).
5 I had a minor wiring issue with my Nest thermostat.  I called these guys, set up an appointment at a convenient time after work, and they arrived right on time.  Robert called me as he was heading to my house and offered to walk me through it over the phone to save me the service call.  I declined and he came over promptly.  He was friendly, helpful, and worked quickly.  He quickly resolved the problem.  I was very impressed and would certainly recommend this company for any A/C service needs!
5 It doesn't get any better than these guys.  24/7 service, wiling to stop by within the hour and problem fixed quickly.  I had a loud noise coming from the air handler in the ceiling.  It tuned out the scroll fan and motor were shot.  John stopped by at 7am, removed the bad parts, picked up new parts from the dealer and had me up and running by 10am.    Great guy to deal with, fast service, and quality work.  While he was here he even checked out the whole system to be sure it was operating correctly.
5 The people at the Dukes of Air are trustworthy and do a great job.  I love family owned businesses where the owners really care about their clients.  The Dukes of Air is a family owned business and they pride themselves on great customer service.  This is a great AC company that will be honest with you.
5 My husband was out of state when our A/C went out.  I was worried I'd be taken advantage of and was told by one person we needed a new compressor.  I had a recommendation for AZ Dukes of Air from a friend who had a great experience so I called them.  The owner called me back and reassured me that they were not like some companies who would take advantage of me.  I felt so comfortable after talking to him.  He sent his tech out who had my A/C running in no time at all and the repair was only $177.  No compressor needed!!!!  So thrilled with my experience.  Now they are programmed in my phone for future use!
5 Woke up this morning to a non-working AC unit. Found Dukes on Yelp and made the call. Great response time, very professional and personable. No hard up-selling. Will definitely recommend.   And I totally geeked when John hit the horn as he pulled away!
5 Great company.   They repaired both of our air conditioners quickly and at a reasonable price. The staff was also knowledgable and friendly.  Thank you!  I will recommend them to my friends and family.
5 My family and I are new to Arizona, and the sweltering heat :). Two days into buying our home, one of the AC units needed service (on a Saturday night). I called Dukes of Air based on the Yelp reviews, and our service could not have been better. Not only did we not get charged for nights/weekend service, the AC technician was at our home within 2 hours, got us up and running quickly and gave us some great pointers on AC maintenance. Seriously, highly recommend these folks, they are as good as it gets
5 I didn't get the chance to use Arizona Duke's services because the gentleman I had previously called showed up. But I definitely want to give kudos to Tonya for her awesome customer service. I had called a company previously and scheduled someone to come rescue us because our air had gone out. When he didn't respond to my calls or texts, I called Dukes. They were super nice and promised their tech would be out within the hour (on a Sunday at 6:00 p.m.) It was at this time the company I had originally called showed up and I had to call Arizona's Dukes back and cancel. Ms. Tonya was super nice and totally understood my situation. I hope my A/C doesn't go out again! But should it, I will definitely be giving this company a call back.
5 Our issues occurred on a Sunday evening - they were quick to answer and quick to send their technician - who wound up being the owner.  After a quick check of things, he found the problem and fixed it with minimal distress to our family.  Amazingly good customer service, genuine interest in building a customer relationship.  Kudos, we'll definitely be keeping them on our list for maintenance, preventive and otherwise.
5 Friendly gal on the phone. Unfortunately we're outside of their service area. Yelp shows their range being all the way out to Deer Valley but she said this is a problem with Yelp. So I'm mostly reviewing them just to let folks in the Peoria/Surprise area know that they're not in range. Gave them 5 stars for the quick call-back and for being so nice on the phone.
5 Professional, efficient, honest!!!!  I had someone come by when my AC spontaneously stopped working, ended up paying $300 with no resolve and was told my compressor needed to be replaced! Tons of scam artists in this business!!   I called these guys in hopes of getting some resolve after reading the amaZing reviews, Dustin showed up sooner then the quoted time! He answered all of our questions, was very thorough and honest! He ended up telling us that our AC is in good working order despite what the prior AC guy told us (our compressor was going out, $3,000)! I'm so glad that these guys are around and provide such honest service!  Our house is finally cooling down and I couldn't be more happy! I will refer them to everyone I know!  Their receptionist was also very assuring on the phone and listened attentively to my frazzled comments! Thank you for that!
5 Being from Georgia, we were amused by the name of this company. The ratings made us confident that they would be just as awesome to do business with.  We had them do an inspection on a home we were purchasing and followed up with them to do the repairs after closing.  No hard up selling, very friendly and personable. Shows you what they are explaining and educated this southern girl on air filters in Arizona (dust!). Bought the service plan. Robert cleaned up any mess from going into the attic and made sure to close the gate. Small things that shows they care about the details.
5 We had a great experience with this company! I woke up on a Sunday morning to a hot house and searched yelp for a/c companies and called them because of their great reviews. I called them and the girl on the phone was very friendly and sent someone out and they were at my house in about an hour and a half..Robert came out and figured out we had a refrigerant leak. He fixed it temporarily but wasn't able to find the leak that day. Dustin came out a few days later and found the leak. He fixed it within about an hour. They are very honest and professional! They give you a 2 hour window and they are definitely there within that window! I will be using them in the future for sure! Highly recommend!
5 Called and they happened to have a tech nearby. They quoted within a 2 hour gap he would be here and he was here at the earliest chunk of that.   Tech's name was Robert and was extremely helpful and informative.  What I enjoyed most was that he was honest and realistic with what needed to be done and gave us plenty of options and the pros and cons to doing them or not.   I would absolutely call them up again for any other A/C or heating service.
5 The Dukes of Air Team is as solid as they come. From the moment Tonya answered my call and questions, she was very concerned and genuinely cared about my a/c issue. John came out to evaluate my issue @ 3 hrs earlier than projected on a Saturday. Robert is a very knowledgeable, top technician.  Overall this team showed professionalism and compassion, not to mention saved me thousands of dollars, as quoted from a competitor.  I would highly recommend this team to my friends and family.
5 We had an A/C unit go out at 11pm and I called and asked for a tech early the next morning.  Robert showed up promptly at 8am and took care of the repair quickly. The price was reasonable.  Two days later our other unit went out and I called in the afternoon.  They said they were booked up and I let them know we really were hoping to get somebody out that night.  The receptionist called me back after talking to the owner and he said he would personally show up as long as I didn't mind it being a little later.  He showed up right at 9pm and took care of the issue.  Everything has been great!
5 Okay, here's my story like many I imagine. A/C went out and it was 110+ degrees outside of course. So I searched and found Duke's through Yelp and choose them because of the great reviews. Boy am I happy I did,  can't rave enough about them and the service. A/C is working fantastic now! Dustin the A/C guy went above and beyond to make sure everything was good with the system. Answering any questions I had. He was really knowledgeable and frankly great at what he does. No B.S these guys get it done and very reasonable $.  Strongly suggest giving these guys a call first!
5 Let me begin by saying this is my first Yelp review, and the service I received from Dukes of Air made me want to write one.  Our A/C unit was blowing nothing  but hot air, so I found Dukes on Yelp, and after reading so many great reviews, I decided to give them a try, and I'm gald I did.  Without going into too much detail, one of my A/C units was in pretty bad shape.  The techinician, Robert quickly found out what the problem was and provided the options to take care of everything.  There were some bumps along the way with some further unforeseen issues, but Robert took care of everything.  Everytime a new problem came up, I was thinking "Oh great, this will jack the price up", but that didn't happen.  Robert was able to fix every issue with the unit, all the while talking  to his boss to make sure the price wasn't going to get out of hand.  For that, I am greatful, and Arizona's Dukes of Air has a new customer for life.  I would reccommned them to my friends and family in a heartbeat.
5 A very reliable and honest company.  Highly recommend this company to anyone needing a/c repair.  Also would like the company know about the excellent technician that was sent to my place. Very punctual,  honest, professional and  knows his business inside and out.  Hope the company appreciates such a model employee.  His name is Robert.  Simply the best.  Will recommend this company to all of my friends.
5 Seriously I could not be more impressed with this company and their rep, Dustin, that came out! Let me start by saying I'm 8 months pregnant and was in meltdown mode when we came home and our AC was not working. After an hour of messing with it we came to yelp to find someone to call. Dukes of Air does not charge anything extra to come out during "off hours" plus number one. We called at 8 on a Saturday night and they had someone at our house in less than an hour plus number 2! Dustin arrive and was very pleasant despite it being 8:30 on a Saturday. He got up on the roof right away figured out the problem and returned to let us know. He carried a binder that read the parts and labor cost for each repair so you know it's the same for everyone, plus three. Simple part repair which took him just a few minutes to fix. Once he finished my husband and I asked a slew of questions about why the part broke, what we could have done, and pointers to keep repairs simple. He never rushed the questions and was happy to educate us. It was now 9:15 on a SATURDAY! He was so professional and informative. We will absolutely call them on everything AC - absolutely AWESOME!!!!
5 A bit of bad luck this week with two a/c units having problems.  But Dukes of Air took care of them quickly and efficiently.  Honest and professional work.  Thanks!
5 We had an issue with a noisy fan in our air handler. I had anticipated a bad bearing was the source of the issue. I called them about 7 am on a Sunday and they were at the house by 10a. The debug took about 10 minutes and sure enough the blower motor needed to be replaced. He had the part in the truck and within and hour we were back online with he new blower.  The service tech's name was Dustin and he was very personable, thorough and communicated well. This was a very good experience and I would use them again. I highly recommend Arizona Dukes of Air.
5 Thank you! Same day fast reliable service! Will definitely use and recommend again!  Thank you again!
