4 I read all the negative reviews but at half the price of my DISH TV I was willing to take the risk.  I'm sooooo glad I did ! !  Friendly sales and installation staff made the purchase and hook-up a pleasure.  Honestly, I think DISH has a sharper picture but, again, at half the price and absolutely acceptable picture quality, nothing to complain about.  DISCLAIMER: I am less than 1000 feet from the DSLAM and I know that makes me fortunate, but so far....I'm a happy customer ! !
1 This place is a sh&@ show !!! OMG .. So frustrating !! You will be on the phone with them for hours at a time , speaking w  multiple pep and no one is on the same page ! I have never seen anything like it !! They need to shut this mf down !! Wow !!! They don't have a clue about customer service ! T cable sucks too .. Always freezing up ! Run for your lives ! They make cox cable look good .. Which u kno is hard to do !! I wld give negative stars if I could ... They suck
4 I love my prism TV, I think in the past 3 years its only frozen 2 times (I did live in Henderson before), we are now in the south west.  The picture is clear and beautiful!  The install guys are great and you don't have a big old dish hanging off your house.  It's not cheap, pay about  $120 a month for everything (hbo, showtime and internet) but I feel its more than worth it.  I have had problems with the customer service reps being on the same page (they get one less star for this) but a transfer to a supervisor will get the problem fixed.  I would highly recommend!
1 This place is a joke and a scam! Called two weeks ahead of move in date for internet and TV service. Was quoted great price. Guy never showed up. Called and the agent said he had no record of my order (even though I had an order confirmation number). Had to start all over. Ordered again. The second agent stated that the first agent quoted me a wrong price. Ok..so new price was $10 more. Called to confirm two days later. I was told that both agents misquoted me and new price was actually $40 more (no specials, and no pre-paid visa debit card as promised by first agent). I asked for a manager who was a total *****. She said that both agents I spoke with are actually vendors and NOT employees of Century Link and there was nothing she could do. She said, "If we can't meet your needs then your only other option is to cancel the entire order." REALLY??? I thought they were in the business of customer service! What a joke. Called DirecTV and explained that I had no internet and no TV service because of the incompetence, rudeness, and scam artists at Century Link...they were able to schedule installation in a few days...AND at half the price with more channels. DO NOT ORDER CENTURY LINK OR PRISM. IT IS A BIG JOKE AND THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THE WORST EVER!!!
1 A total waste of time.  While Centurylink advertises a state of the art tv service, the reality is that it is supported by an antiquated infrastructure.  If you want HD service, avoid these guys.  The max you can get are 2 TVs.  More than likely you'll get one.  I got zero.  My neighbor, 310 feet from me got two signals.  Because I was 10 feet beyond the point of signal origin I got none.  A joke.  The only redeeming thing, the  money Centurylink spent in two futile attempts to actually deliver the service.  Their salespeople sell anything to anyone hoping it sticks.  The techs are totally out of the loop.  A rudderless ship.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.
1 I am thoroughly disappointed in Century link. I had Cox Communications for years and never had more problems or been more disappointed in cable and internet service. My cable only works 50% of the time. When it doesn't work I have to reset the box. This is every other day. In addition, the wireless only works have the time. If you currently have Cox, do not switch to Century link, the quality is horrible, new channels are garbage and it's been a huge regret. Now I am stuck in a 2 year contract. Best believe the day the contract is up, I will be returning to Cox. The only benefit of Century Link is the fact you can exit out of a flash flood warning. It's not worth the money you save.
4 Ok     The positive...Good clear HD service...    nice UI and on par with the costs if not a little cheaper than other options...    the bad... Tends to freeze... Can be frustrating... But had Cox before and the same thing happens... As well I've heard about sat cable companies losing service in cloudy or windy weather... So its al relative.   if I'm honest id rather cut cable and stream... But until a solid option for cord cutting comes along prism is a solid product.  We contacted costumer service...     that was frustrating because they kept transfering us to another person who couldnt help us for what turned out to be almost 45 minutes...      having said that, when the repair person came to the house...     he was just the nicest guy.     My wife and I were so glad that they sent him.     After he left we seemed to not care so much about the phone craziness....    Nice work Centurylink.....   Now get that phone system fixed.
