4 Price is good, but this is the first week open and some of the equipment is already not working. Either they are giving error codes on start up or the earphone jacks don't work.   The workout machines have earphone jacks to listen to the TVs that are on, but I had to hop around to a few different machines to find one that worked. The first machine kept giving me an error message and won't calculate anything. The second machine's sound was so crackly I could understand the News channel and it kept resetting the TV station that I was listing to to TV #1 every few minutes.   As I was not a black card member, I couldn't try out their HydroMassage tables or red light therapy rooms, but the locker rooms were nice. And the staff seems eager to help. So, for the cost, hours (24/7), location and facilities I will give it 4 stars. But, 1 star taken for malfunctioning equipment within the first week.
3 I signed up for the full program at $19.99 a month. Today was my first day at the gym. The staff is pleasant, but I would not say they are friendly. I believe getting to know each client is so important to building loyalty, so I am not enticed to join another gym. But, that's just me. A nice hello would have been appreciated. I was not informed that the tanning bed would automatically start within a specified amount of time, or even offered assistance to make sure I knew how to use it. Had I known this, I would have applied the lotion in the locker room and then gone in for my session. I figured the rest out myself. I tried the red light therapy and I really like that. I think it's an awesome feature to the facility. As far as the rest of the equipment, I have not had an issue and it seems everything is in working order at this time. I would rate this place higher if the staff was a bit friendlier. I can go anywhere and be treated like the masses....
2 The staff is incredibly rude. I pay $20 dollars a month to go here and I am treated like a child. Half the equipment does not work properly. The changing areas are nice though, I will give them that. I would take my business elsewhere. No customer service here whatsoever.
4 I have been a member since this location opened. New machines, very clean and helpful staff. Planet Fitness caters to the gym-goer that doesn't use a ton of free weights. They are known to have the "Judgment Free Zone" which helps their members feel less intimidated by the extreme weight lifters. If you are looking to get in shape and on a budget this place does the job. For $10 a month you get a clean gym with lots of machines and open 24 hours a day so their is no excuse not to get into shape.
4 Professional, clean, and lots of open equipment. I am not a member but went as a guest with a friend who is an I love that their hours are 24/7
3 I have been here 5-10 times over the last couple months and their water fountain has been broken EVERY time. Every time they tell me it should be fixed soon, but after asking/complaining about this many times I think they are lying.  It is my opinion they are doing this to increase sales of bottled water.  This type of business practice is absolutely unacceptable to me.  Regardless of whether or not they are neglecting the water fountain on purpose, it is still unacceptable.  I am not able to have an intense and safe workout without water.   Edit: It has been about 6 months after writing my original 1 star review.  Since writing that review (unedited above), I have not had any issues with the gym.  They fixed the water fountain within a couple days of writing my review and it hasn't been broken since.  All else about the gym is fine.
4 I love this gym. Its such a good deal for your money & the staff is very friendly & competent. Especially the girls like Alice that work in the morning.   They do have some unconventional rules that take some getting used to like: no cell phones, no bags on the floor and no Lunks ( people grunting, clanking weights or drinking out of gallon jugs of water). I think cell phones are completely distracting in the gym whether Im on them or listening to someone on their phone. Im grateful for that rule.  It did take some getting used to but now I really enjoy this gym. Its very clean & simple. I get to use the redlight booths & tanning & hydromassage tables & personal training for $20 a month!  There aren't any classes which I miss about L.A. Fitness but they have a great Ab circuit & a 30-minute cardio circuit Happy workouts
4 Fantastic, no frills gym.
4 Great inexpensive place to get your workout on and not be intimidated or molested.
4 Simple, yet to the point kind of gym!!  Great front desk, staff is always there and ready for check-in. This place is always clean and well stocked, it also has a good selection of work-out equipment, inexpensive membership and its open twenty-four-seven, for those late night gym junkies!! :) Not much more I can say, only four stars for lack of pool!! :)
5 I have only been going here for about two months and I must say - I have no complaints! Very clean - spray bottles w/ cleaner and paper towels around every corner for you to use to wipe down your machines after use or even before use. Every time I've gone here I also have seen staff going around and wiping down all machines. I have only had good experiences with the staff. Front desk is very friendly and always ready to check you in. I met with the trainer Chris and he was very friendly and knowledgeable as well. I am a black card member ( $20.00 a month ) so I get access to the tanning beds, massage beds, and can bring a non member friend with me every time I go. I love that I can bring someone with me- that's great! If you like to tan then you know tanning is expensive so that is a great bonus to being a black card member. They have stand-up beds... I think 5 or so of them w a 10 min max per use. I have never had to wait on using a bed.  In the two months I've maybe only seen a couple of machines down and they were never down for more then like a day or two but that is common with any gym you are going to go to. Very glad I became a member!  ** I do wish they had a weighted doctors type scale in the locker room though so I could monitor my weight loss more accurately other then from my cheap scale at home **  but even without the scale... they still get 5 stars from me  :)  Oh yeah and one more thing that I like - No Kids allowed!
1 Just my personal opinion, you pay for what you get.....I signed up this past June to become a member of Planet Fitness in Phoenix because I enjoy running and for those of you have lived or have traveled to PHX in the summer - you know it is very difficult to maintain any sort of consisitent running program when temperatures exceed 110 degrees daily. I was looking for a clean, cheap place that had quality treadmills to get my fix on until the temperatures dropped back into double digits....well, I'll give them that, clean and cheap, but I wont give them much else.Customer service is horrendous...I mean HORRENDOUS. The staff is is incredibly incompetent, I wish I could single out one individual and not drop the "incompetent" label as a whole, but every interaction I have had with a Planet Fitness staff member has left me in absolute awe at their ability to stoop to new levels of stupidity. I know this is where I should give specific examples but truth be told, I'm tired....I've already wasted too much time of my precious life thinking about the frustration that I have had to deal with time and time again.... anytime I had a question of any sort (machine use, training programs, billing, broken equpment, etc) I was left amazed by their responses. Anywhooooo....consider yourself warned, it may work for you, but it definitely did not work for me.
4 Well, I am the duchess here, so I should probably finally write a review.   I joined mainly to have access to treadmills so I could get ready for my very first 5k, so 5 stars just for being close, cheap, and having exactly what I need (i.e. not forcing me to run outside in AZ summer weather).    When we joined, I was also impressed that they have a 30-minute circuit and an ab circuit area, plus stretching area.   I feel like there is something for everyone here, whatever level fitness, whatever you need.  I go in early mornings and it is never busy, and I've never heard the crazy alarm and everybody is super chill.  I'm only paying the $10 a month, insanely cheap.  Yeah, I'm a sucker for the wild purple color scheme.  Everything just feels very put together, and very clean locker rooms, etc.    Why not 5 stars in the end?  The staff at the front desk...well...they're not bad at anything, but they are certainly not friendly.  Just doin' their job, but meh.  There is one lady at the desk in the mornings who is pretty grumpy,  but I don't let that bug me.  I don't live at the gym and not there to make friends.  I just appreciate the cleanliness, variety, and price.  PF gives me what I need and stays out of my way.  P.S. QUICK UPDATE 10-6-13:  I want to give kudos to a young lady named Jamie, who gave above-and-beyond great service to me regarding my personal training design plan (or in this case, missing plan).  Jamie really went all out to try and make me happy and solve my issue.  So there ARE good workers there...just gotta find 'em.
5 Know how I know you're better than 24 hour fitness?  1. across the street from my house  2. cheaper than my 24 membership....... 3...........and I get free tanning?  4. hydro massage tables? WHAT!?  5. Friendly customer service.   This whole "lunk alarm" thing cracks me up. I'm a fan.  24 can suck it.
4 So far, so good.   I've only been here a couple of times and I don't have any major complaints given the price. The staff is friendly and it's clean.  I have heard they have a pizza night which I strongly disagree with. The point of a gym is to promote a healthy lifestyle. I also could do without the candy at the front desk.
4 I love the atmosphere ... No intimidation from power lifters and not a place to feel uneasy no matter what your body type.... Also Chris who is the trainer there is awesome he fine tuned a workout program for me based on what I wanted to accomplish also pushing me to develop my core with this workout again it is not a one on one situation will give you the workout its up to you that point after to follow through with the work out on your own using your inner self to do so it is work out that's worked for me over the past few weeks I really hard core started trying to get into shape .... The atmosphere of this gym makes all the difference in the world
1 Lunk alarms, discrimination, and (for the most part) unenthusiastic, unhappy employees. I have a lung issues that force me to breathe loudly when performing certain work-outs, and I have been approached three separate times AFTER explaining this to the employees.   The gimmicks in place that essentially discriminate against avid gym-goers are nuts, and so is pizza and candy offered up at the front.   This isn't a gym. It's a hangout spot for the unmotivated.
2 I have been to several Planet Fitness since joining a month ago and this location is the worst by far. The bathroom area is always dirty A light has been out in the showers for over a week. Hydro beds don't work right and staff acts like they don't want to be there  Not a good representation of the chain.
5 Love that I don't have to wait for equipment there are plenty of cardio machines and lots of weights and circuit machines. Their amenities are super!!! 5 tanning stand-up rms, 2 massage recliners, 2 pressure water massage beds & 2 red light vibration rooms for skin and circulation. Personal trainer is included in my membership as well. Love, love, love it
1 DISCRIMINATION. No joke. A fews things to  think about before signing a contract with planet fitness: 1. THEY DO NOT HAVE SCALES- I understand the whole "judge free zone" but come on a big part of getting in shape is knowing how much you weigh so you can see how much body fat you are losing. Extremely frustrating that I can't see my progress on my weight.  2. DRESS CODE- Today I was approached by one of the employees saying that my "low cut tank top" is not allowed to be worn. They said it goes along with the "NO LUNK RULE" I am a 20 year old female, I'm pretty sure you don't need to worry about me being a lunk? They said that this is warning and next time I will not be allowed to come into the gym. WHO CARES what Im wearing I'm there to work out not go to a fashion show. 3. They serve pizza and bagels??? I mean COME ON I'm going to the gym to lose weight not gain more?!?   This place is just downright cheesy and annoying.
5 Great workout Equipment and water massage and massage chairs and tanning if you like that all for 20.00 a month
4 For  10 dollars a month and they are open 24/7 I am not sure what else you could ask for. There is no pool or basketball courts and can get fairly busy in the weight section but you can go anytime and everyone is pretty friendly.
3 They have PIZZA here from time to time! That is like having a cooler full of beers to offer guests at AA meetings, baffles me.   This is a tough one. So I'll break it down like this.   1. In terms of the gym itself, it has a good amount of machines and weight selection is solid. Great overall value and it is open 24-hours.   2. (-1 star)  for the feeling that you can't be extremely motivated portrayed by the signage everywhere and the attitude of the employees. Like I seriously feel like I have to tone my workout down sometimes. NOT COOL   3. (-1 star)  As mentioned they have the nerve to give out pizza from time to time. Like c'mon people that is just not helpful for people trying to get in shape.   4. It also sucks they have no scales, or body fat measure machines. Not sure why that is.   They would lose even more of these stars, but you really can't take away the amazing value and convenience they offer.
