5 Joe and his assistant just finished detailing my 2005 Toyota Prius and you would not believe what a difference it has made.  The car looks like new.  Even my garage smells good now.  I was most interested in getting the carpets shampooed and the upholstery steam cleaned.  This is important stuff when you have a 4-year-old spilling juice, milk, M&Ms, and goldfish crackers in the backseat.  What I got was 5+ hours of labor from two people who washed, buffed, and shined my car into sparkling elegance.  It is really phenomenal what they did.  Joe was as nice as can be and a pleasure to do business with.  I will definitely be calling him again.
5 They did a great job! They cleaned in places I wouldnt even think of...my car looks better than when I bought it.
5 I think this is the third time I've had my car detailed by Joe and his son.  They do an impeccable job.  I really should do this every six months, but time gets away from me and one day I realize I'm driving a crusty heap.  Each time they transform my car so that it looks like new.  Really!  I picked my mom up at the airport and she thought my 2005 Toyota Prius was a new car.  When I told her my secret, she said I should get Joe and his son to detail my house.  Joe was kind enough to take a look at a white leather lounge chair I have to see if there was something we could do about the damage to the leather.  I have to hand it to him for trying and he didn't charge me for that extra.  He's a nice guy and wants to do right by his customers.  I can't explain the one bad review left by some other Yelper other than, wow, haters gonna hate.  Joe does have extensive knowledge and experience and there is no way I could have done this job myself.  My car looks and smells great!
5 My 2002 Lexus SUV was a MESS!   Joe and John turned it into a showpiece!   They are ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!   Interior/exterior/even the engine  EVERYTHING looks gorgeous!    I've never tried "mobile detailing and it's the best!    SOOO worth the price, which in my opinion is very low.   They both worked hard for hours and hours.   HIGHLY recommend.   2 photos attached.
