1 DO NOT HIRE!!!  Sent by Lowe's to repair my refrigerator, they assured me they would call a few days later after replacement part arrived. As they never called, I started trying them, took 3 days and at least 5 tries to speak with anyone.  All Desert then informed me that the tech had reported fixing the refrigerator & closed the service order.  They basically told me to piss off & if I wanted them to return & actually fix something I needed to begin a new service request with Lowe's.   I had to begin the process entirely over again (of course I went with a different company). In total, primarily because of their BS, My family was without a Fridge for 24 days. Absolutely do not use this company if you actually want your appliances fixed.
1 Do not ever use this company!!! I have been without a clothes dryer for over a month now. As I write this review in fact, It is 4 hours past the 4 hour window I was given to wait for the repairman. Not to mention he was supposed to come on Tuesday, missed his window and after assuring me he would be there 2 hours later, he was a no show. This will be their 6th visit to my house to fix my dryer. Unfortunately, you can not post a review without at least giving one star, they deserve zero.
1 AGREED!!  THEY SUCK!!  DO NOT HIRE THESE FOLKS!  My stove has been out since Jul 14, I am one week shy of a month.  Poor follow-up from reception.  They NEVER call you back.  My Home Warranty refunded my service fee due to poor service.  Awaiting 3rd visit..."I'm on my way"....over 45 mins later and I'm still waiting.  I just called and he's still at another location.  Will be another 30 mins; you have got to be kidding me??!!  ZERO!!  A BIG FAT ZERO is what they earned from me.
1 Just an update, 2 weeks later, another all day wait for a no show service man, and still no dryer.
1 Totally concur with other reviews.  TERRIBLE.  Refrigerator broke in a rental property on a Friday.  They didn't respond until Tuesday.  Didn't order parts until Wednesday.  Then, after getting the parts the following MONDAY, they didn't get back to install the parts until FRIDAY.  I had no choice but to deal with them as they were hired by my home warranty. So, it took 2 weeks to get a very common Sears Kenmore refrigerator fixed.  They could care less about fixing your stuff.
1 My washing machine has been broken for over a week. I called my home warranty and they've contracted with these people to come out. I never received a call to schedule the repair. 2 days later I get an email from AHS saying the company was unsuccessful in contacting me. I called All Desert verified my number which they had the correct one and scheduled for today between 10a-2p. I called at noon to verify what time the tech would be here and was told 1:30p. It's 3pm no show and NO CALL! I called them and now they're phones are not working just a busy signal! Worst CUSTOMER SERVICE! Never again! Service call cancelled and another company is coming out!
1 I agree with all of these reviews.  I too had my warranty company send them out to make repairs to a dishwasher.  They came out - fixed the dishwasher but didn't replace the light inside that had burned out.  I called that day and was told the warranty didn't cover the bulb.  I said I wanted to pay and have it fixed anyway....  That was 2 months ago and 4 calls to the exact same person each time.  Today when I called again - I was told and I quote - "Viking would not allow them to order a replacement bulb because they didn't own the dishwasher."  I called Viking and they said they never heard of this and that they send out parts all the time.  I called back and spoke with the exact same person and was told yet again that the owner/manager would call me....  Wonder if I will ever get a call back - not that it matters - I handled everything direct with Viking.  I do not recommend this company at all!!!
4 I had a much better experience with All Desert than the other reviewers here and I am happy to share it.  After my home warranty company contracted them to come out to fix my washing machine door, their technician Zhora showed up exactly when he said he would and assessed the problem quickly and was very helpful, funny and professional.  They ordered the parts and, after the home warranty company contacted me and gave me grief about covering the cost of the parts, Ryan at All Desert took the time to contact the warranty company on my behalf and take care of the issue.  He stayed in touch with me by email every step of the way through the process and, within the week, the parts had arrived, everything was handled at the home warranty company and Zhora returned to install the new parts...my washing machine door works perfectly now and I am very happy.  I was frustrated with my home warranty company but the staff at All Desert helped me and handled the problem quickly and professionally.  I really do appreciate their time and service.
4 I was referred to All Desert by my home warranty as well.  I needed to have my Fisher & Paykel washing machine repaired - although good overall, it is a bit obscure and a bit difficult to find a service for it.  I didn't wait for All Desert to call me - I called them and spoke to Jennifer.  Very pleasant and helpful.  The first scheduled repair was on New Year's Eve.  Should've known better than to expect anyone to show and the tech didn't call or show.  I called after the holiday to complain and reschedule.  Jennifer was very apologetic and again, very pleasant.  She scheduled another tech to come ASAP and gave me a shorter service window.  The "new" tech assigned was Alex. He called me prior to arriving and was there waiting when I got home.  He was very professional and very thorough and very friendly.  He explained the situation and his suggested fix.  I did have to wait about a week for parts to show - not sure if this was normal or not, but I stayed on top of the situation.  Alex was scheduled to return for the repair.  The service window (2-6) was almost over when Alex called to say that he would be a bit late and offered to come a bit later.  He kept his word and returned with the parts.  Although a bit late, I really appreciated the call and was glad he was willing to complete the repair.  Again, he was very thorough and professional.  I would recommend them and urge you to be sure to stay in touch with them to confirm appointments or returns.  I highly recommend Alex!
1 I tried but Yelp did not let me post with ZERO stars so don't let the one star fool you.  Old Republic Home Protection sent them to me to service my broken fridge.  My condo is in a high-rise on Las Vegas strip and this guy could not find it for his life.  He finally gave up after 30 minutes circling the neighborhood and told me to call another company because he did not need my business that bad.  I was absolutely speechless by that time.  You can save your time by calling someone else to begin with.
1 You don't even deserve a star! Two appointments in a week, over 30 minutes late the first time with a 4 hour window with No call and No apology for being late! Today another 4 hour window today and NO SHOW, NO CALL!!! I do NOT recommend this company!!!! If you have an account here I'd cancel it!!!!! Disgusted, now I have to take yet another day to be here to get my washing machine fixed!!!!
1 Do not go with these contractors. I don't care if your home warranty is telling you to use them, TELL THEM NO, GIVE ME SOMEONE ELSE. Avoid this company at all costs, the clerk has no idea what's going on. And the contractor can barely speak English, and on top of that is extremely rude and will just tell you to call the office when things go sour.  They didn't fix anything, and refused to touch my dryer because it was a little dirty with lint. Ok, your an appliance company, can you clean the lint out for me? No sir, we don't clean dryers and we don't have anyone's number in town that does that. Best company ever.   Seriously do not hire or let these people anywhere near your home. You will regret it.
1 Absolutely terrible. Our LG washer has been broken for over a month because of the ineptitude of this company. After the first appointment, we were told that a part needed to be replaced. The technician said he would have the part ordered and would replace it after it came in. When a different tech came back a week later, he said they ordered the wrong part and he'd order the right one and come back. Another week passes and they send a third tech. He said he had the wrong part and will return again. Two weeks later they send yet another tech and guess what? "Wrong part."  This has just been an awful experience. In addition to have a broken washer, we've had to rearrange work schedules or arrive late to work to be able to be here for the tech. Most of the time, the tech came at the end of the window they company said they they'd be here.  And just today someone was supposed to come between 10am-12pm and we were told he had a flat tire and would come later. Here I am waiting and it's 5pm. Ridiculous.
