5 This place has opened up exactly where Blue Nile was closed down. The menu is almost exactly the same (with some Americanized add-ons), so you could just as well say  they changed the name. Same furniture and decor even, though they are showing a lot of wear. Love the the tables with the beans and lentils inlaid. The service is always better than at Lalibela - this is almost like a hidden gem after 4 years, though the strip mall lot continues to look seedy.   I always share the vegan combo with the hubby, and the Wats kick ass - they have tonnes of vegan options. The sambussas and lentil soups are good too.  Finish off with the orange flavored vegan coffee cake, ALWAYS! How do they make that vegan cream??? Never tried the east of the red sea stuff - there are plenty of places where you can eat hummus and falafal, so why have the usual here? My only gripe is that Blue Nile rarely had the goat cheese on plantain available, and now Juba says they don't make those anymore. That really was some gourmet appetizer!
5 This restaurant is great. It's relatively cheap but the food is quality, the servers are extremely friendly and helpful, and the restaurant has a nice ambiance to it. You can sit at what I assume to be African style dining tables, on the floor, or at a table if you prefer.  This place is great if you're vegan or vegetarian--especially when going out to eat with people who aren't, because there's plenty options for both.  I'd recommend the vegetable samosas, baba ghannouj (my personal favorite) and then getting one of the vegetable (or meat) dishes with 5 different 'platters,' which are sort of like tapas or dim sum but with flavorful African/middle eastern flavors.
4 Blue Nile's Ethiopian menu is still served plus an addition of another menu. Great food! Average hummus though... I would pass on that, but everything else is great.
5 Cheap prices, great quality, deluces food. I am a Saudi and they do the rice dish perfect in similer manner to the Saudi style! Keep it up guys!
4 Kind of loved this place, but I felt a little weird being only one of two females (dining with my husband and female friend) in the whole place.  Could be a cultural thing.   Super friendly wait staff.  Nice mix of Lebanese, Ethiopian and other middle east cuisines.  You can sit at tables, or around another section at traditional mesabs (sp?) or on the floor without shoes.  If I would have know this I would have worn better socks.  Of course the husband wanted to eat on the floor.  Food was good, I've had better Ethiopian.  Relatively cheap compared to other restaurant of similar quality.  I would go back, with new socks :)
5 Blue Nile was good, this is better. It's really good, guys. I was really happy after the meal, in the way that only food can do if something unhappy deep inside of you has been satiated. The food is super inexpensive too. There's an Ethiopian menu and a Mediterranean one.  The berbere mix they use here is pretty mild, but I think it's better that way. I usually prefer in-your-face-spice, the kind that you know will make your taste buds gush and pop. If not that, I at least like spicy because it's interesting and makes the other flavors taste better. This berbere was neither, but the subtle notes of the spices worked so well together it produced the same effect! This Ethiopian guy I met once told me you can evaluate how good an Ethiopian place's food is by the berbere--it's present in so many dishes.   The injera was OK; the most important part to me was that it wasn't soggy like it's been sitting out too long. I think injera is usually more sour, and the flavor didn't hold up to the food's, but since the food was so good it was fine. I didn't get to try the Doro Wat (they were out) but I'm going back today to try it.  The Mediterranean dishes weren't super Mediterranean-y, seemed like they had an African influence on them. Or maybe they were. Either way pretty decent.  Technique doesn't matter as much as flavor for this type of food, but I didn't notice anything majorly wrong.  And the owner is really nice! That doesn't make the food taste better, but it makes a better restaurant.  I've had two great meals in the last two weeks--one in a top Zagat rated restaurant in Boston (for ~$100), and here (for like $10). My only fear is that since this place is new, it's in a honeymoon phase and the effort level will drop off soon.
3 Not the best Ethiopian I had. The food was actually less spicy and does not have that flavor I am used to. Dora wat and misir wat is good. Oh and they had shrimp....first time I seen that as an option....
5 Awesome food, great service.  You can feel the culture
5 Definitely a fan.  Everyone who I take to this place loves it.  Great food with great service.  The guy even threw a couple things in free while we waited.  I like how the one room you can sit on floor cushions as well.
2 The chicken shwarma was good. But both times my girlfriend ordered, they came back saying "oh we don't have that" even when I asked for tea. And the other employees set in the next room being very loud and obnoxious in their native tongue. It took almost an hour for two all orders because they stood around talking
5 People here doesn't seem to write yelp review as often. I almost miss this gem because of the few reviews.  it is a very unique place, with seating choice of on the table, or on the floor, of course we chose the floor. it is just so relaxing sitting on the floor eating :)   Food here tastes great too, the lamb meat was falling off the bone, and melts in your mouth. salad was refreshing.   only complain is that the serving for this place is HUGE, the two of us would definitely gotten full if we only ordered one dish.
4 I love this food here, service-not so much.  As someone with genetically determined diet, it's difficult to enjoy eating out anymore. This place is great because I can go here with my family and we can eat according to our different diets.   They offer floor-seating. This is a perfect option for large parties. There are two menus, one Greek/Mediterranean and the other Ethiopian.   Service is sparse. I've only seen two servers for the whole restaurant each time. They also cashier. This makes for very occupied servers.  This is a bummer, but the food is worth the wait.
5 This is one of my favorite places to eat! I love the food and atmosphere! Friendly staff...and great ethnic food!
5 You have to try the Somali Tea (ask for no cream if you are Vegan).  Love JUBA.  The Sambusa appetizers are my favorite. The amount of food you get is AMAZING for the price.  It is clean , very good service, and love the middle eastern/ east african vibe and atmosphere.  You can sit on the floor , or at tables/booths.  It is a small restaurant...nothing fancy.  They have goat, lamb, chicken, fish, etc.  I am a Hebrew, so I am very picky about pork products.  NO WORRIES here.  Everything is separated and freshly cooked to order.  Now, if you are looking for a restaurant with more Ethiopian foods and dishes, this is not the place.  It is more Middle Eastern and Somali.
5 Juba is an authentic Somali restaurant right in the heart of downtown Tempe. The owner is great and the food is delicious. The rice is crazy good.
3 I liked the ambience. Quite different from the usual restaurants around tempe. Food tasted good. The service was little slow.  The juice contained more ice and water and less juice. But yeah the food compensated for the horrible juice.
5 Juba has amazing food! If your taste buds are as adventurous as mine, this place is a must try!   I wanted a different dining experience, one that made me feel like I was somewhere else. I wanted to find a place where they served traditional ethnic food, while eating on the floor. What do you know, I found it! You are more than welcome to eat on dining tables, but if you want to go all out, take off your shoes and sit on the floor!  Whenever I go to a new restaurant, I like to ask the waiter what they would recommend and/or personally eat. I don't say no to many foods, so this girl ordered the lamb and goat on a bed of rice. I'm not an expert on Ethiopian food, but I know when something makes my taste buds wanting more. My dish was well prepared - bringing out flavors I'm not familiar with.   The food is inexpensive and the portions are large enough to share. What more can you ask for?
5 Seriously THE ABSOLUTE WORST place to get Ethiopian food. However the Mediterranean menu is awesome BEST FALAFEL IVE EVER HAD I swear. Five stars because the FALAFEL. Really good prices on everything.  Also they have cute floor seating. The kids that work there are RUDE but I don't think they know any better. They must be dumb. Only one guy is really nice who works there. He will stand out.   I just ignore the crappy attitudes and enjoy the hummus and falafel and pay the cheap bill.  You have been warned.
5 Love the food here. Great experiences eating there and you can call in an order and pick it up. Large portions and the staff is friendly.
2 It's been ages since I had Ethiopian cuisine. The last time I ate here was when it was still named Blue Nile. It looks like they kept the Blue Nile menu, but then expanded it to include more general Middle Eastern dishes.  We stepped in for lunch, and saw the large advertised sign on the window for $5.99 lunch. There are 2 large menus to choose from. Browsing through the menu, we couldn't find the lunch specials on it anywhere. When I asked the waiter where I could find the lunch specials on the menu though, he vaguely pointed to the 3 pictures on the window in front, and briefly described them. Maybe it's just me, but it's odd to not have at least a printed paper description of your lunch specials at your table if they are so boldly displayed on your window front. Since there were only 3 of them, it would not be that hard to describe or print out!  Anyways, we decided to share the veggie/meat Ethiopian combo ($9.50). My friend asked "Is it good?" and the waiter replied almost instantaneously "It's alright." Not very reassuring, no? So we asked what would be better. After some hesitation, he pointed to quite possibly the most benign, Americanized, and uninspiring menu item, the grilled chicken salad. He then went on to say that the combos were quite popular (...But not good?). Faced with this rather odd discourse, we decided to carry on with our plan to get an Ethiopian dish and take the risk!  The combo came out in fairly quickly. The dish came with grilled beef, chicken, and 3 veggies of your choosing. Unfortunately, despite having the waiter repeating our choices for us and pointing to them on our menu, one of the items was not the right veggie. Despite this mix up, the combo tasted good, and the injera bread went well with the meat and vegetables.   Even though the sign out front says they were open from 11 to 10 that day, they decided to close at 1 P.M. and left the "Open" neon sign lit. Quite a few people tried to enter the restaurant only to find out that it was locked. We got there a little after 12 and were still eating when they locked up the door. They let us know that we could take our time and the chef could let us out when we were done, but we felt uneasy being the only customers in there, trapped inside so we left as soon as we finished. I'm not sure if they normally close at 1 P.M., but perhaps changing their signage or leaving a sign describing why you are closed just that day would help clear any confusion.  I used to really like going to Blue Nile for both the food and the service years ago, but since the change in management and name this rather odd eating experience has left me leery to frequent this restaurant again. On to Lalibela perhaps for our next Ethiopian outing!
4 Here's the plan. You have a friend who likes adventurous, flavorful food but who just can't quite manage to like "mediterranean" food. You will take the friend to Juba. You will order for that friend the Chicken Shawarma meal. You will see your friend like Mediterranean food.  Or we could drop the pseudonyms and you could buy me some chicken shawarma. The spicing is somehow different from what I've had at Greek restaurants, and I like it better. On some future visit, I may try the goat, though I've had goat before elsewhere, so I don't get Adventurous Points for eating goat any more.  Entrees run about $11-$12, so for a dive ethnic restaurant, this isn't cheap-cheap, but the portions are gluttonously huge. The chicken shawarma is at least the poultry bulk of a healthy Cornish game hen, served on what I would consider to be a week's supply of very nice rice. There is also a frill of salad and a puddle of respectable hummus, with pleasant pita.  Service is sweet-natured and pleasant, and if you're bored during the short wait, you can read the free Pakistan West newspaper and decide that you really need to go to Pakistan to ride the Karachi Circular Railway when it's rebuilt.
4 I thought the food here was pretty good - cheap too. It started as an Ethiopian restaurant but the server told me that some Somalis bought it. The atmosphere was fine and they have a sitting room - see photo. The service was fine and the bathrooms were clean. My date enjoyed her Vegan meal and I enjoyed my beef dish. We left thoroughly satisfied - the portions were adequate. I would come here again. Celebrate Diversity! Solid!
