4 Stopped by to try a nice glass of wine paired with a cheese platter.  The minute I walked to the hostess stand I was greeted with a smile and welcomed by many.  The food was wonderful and the service was great!  Music was not  what I would expect for a relaxing evening and a bit loud. Over all, we had a great time...give it a try, but be patient as it is new and working out some kinks I'm sure!
1 To be fair the food was really good, however guys the portions are so small that you will need to spend about $50 to almost feel like you had a meal.   The cause for concern with this place is the service. If your going to be a wine bar at least know a little bit about the selection your offering and ensure my glass stays full. We waited at least 15 minutes after we finished our first glass before our "waiter" asked if we would like another. We then waited seemingly forever to pay our tab and I actually had to walk over and hand the book to the waiter and manager at the register.    The jazz major kid they had playing Piano and Guitar was the only thing that kept the evening from being a total disaster. He was really good and talented and the only reason that kept me from choking the waitstaff.
5 Love this place! The staff is totally approachable and knowledgable as well. Great bites and such a refreshing change of pace from the Strip and the tourist attractions.
5 The plates are a little small, but that's only a minor gripe because the food is delicious. The wine menu is incredible, and everything I had was worth writing its own review of (however I won't, due to laziness). The servers were all very accommodating and personable. It's worth mentioning our bartender in particular, a sweet attractive blonde girl named Katie. She had an incredibly vast knowledge of wine, and was an absolute joy to talk to as we sat sipping Chardonnay one Tuesday evening. I would highly recommend stopping in to try the food and the wine. And If you see a hot blonde at the bar ask for her, because she made my night.
4 The boyfriend wanted to surprise me with my favorite foods (snacks, for some) at a new spot. When I asked where it was, I was suprised that he said: Tivoli Village. Lets be honest; that ishh is far. I barely even go to Red Rock! So, of course, he drove.  Got there and had no clue where we should even park because the parking wasn't so obvious. After walking up to street level, we walked (semi)aimlessly to look for The Market.   When we got into The Market, we realize that it's basically a warehouse with random rooms/kiosks with various shops. Pretty cool concept.  The View Wine Bar was the main eatery upstairs.  We had the happy hour red wine, cheese board, charchuterie (meat) board, clams, flatbread, and potpie chicken nuggets.  The only disappointment to the meal was the potpie chicken nuggets. All the workers were raving about it but, it was aight. It was good but, mostly breading....of course, fried breading is good.  Other than the obvious cheese board favorite, I really liked the marketfresh veggie flatbread with kale. It was such a strong flavor with the cheese and balsamic. I loved it.   We were seated right next to the piano and singer/entertainment of the night. Which was a 16 y/o John Mayer-like singer. Definately added to the winebar mood.   I was surprised to see that the service seemed to be lackluster in previous Yelp reviews bcuz all the workers/waitresses were nothing but, fast and courteous and knowledgeable.    pps. There's a 15% discount when checking into Yelp! The manager was happy that someone was there to redeem it =)
5 Delicious food but my favorite was the WINE! The Villa M red moscato is AMAZING! My mom enjoyed the chicken pot pie nuggets, the homemade gnocchi is divine and the Mushroom Risotto is sublime. Order the Caesars Salad, it's normally only available at the View Cheese Bar but you can still order it here and it's the best Caesar I've ever had.
5 Great restaurant ! Definitely a new favorite. I went in on a Tuesday November 6 . And Michael was my server . He was very knowledgable about both the food and the  wine . ( I am also a server so I understand how important it is to be well educated on wine and of course your menu ) he was super attentive and very nice . I will definitely be back .  The food was excellent. My personal favorites were the lamb shoulder , the short rib spring rolls and the butternut squash soup.   Wine : I got the cakebread which Michael recommended with my meal and it was perfect.  I was truly a satisfied customer. Can't wait to meet my next knowledgeable server :)
5 We could not have asked for a more personalized experience at this adorable wine bar.  Manager Yoni was terrific at identifying what wines we would appreciate vs which ones we should take a pass on.  He was terrific at matching our tastes and creating a wonderful experience.  Our server Oliver was attentive and worked hard to ensure we had everything we wanted.  He did a nice job for only just beginning and the View just recently opening.  We had an opportunity to meet Executive Chef Johnny Church, cheese shop manager and other key folks that make the View Wine Bar special unique.  Furthermore, the price point was excellent, completely beat our expectations and agree with the experience they are looking to create...this is my neighborhood wine bar!
4 This review is going to be weird because i don't like wine as a general rule. I don't know if it is a result of sneaking a sip as a kid and hating it or maybe I'm just not designed to like it...whatever the reason...yuck.  Now, that said, I know for a fact that this happens to other people all the time. One contingent drinks wine all the time, the other...not so much. But you gotta go endure the trendy wine bar in order to be social and so...I'm a demographic that goes to these places even though I don't dig rotten grape juice. So the valuable advice I am about to share is useful in a way.  First, the decor -  Classy! it's planted on the side of a ...boutique mall I guess you'd call it. but the light fixtures, furniture, view (hence the name) are all very nice. Bring a date, get him/her drunk and you're doing well.  Food -  We ordered a few small plates and they were really good, small is very accurate but y'know, it's a wine bar. It's not like you're going to order a bucket of wings or something. Classy little plates of tasty stuff to go along with your booze. By the way, there is a little candy place around the corner that has chocolate... I have learned that chocolate and wine are a good thing.  Wine -  There is no way I'm going to sound like i know what I'm talking about here. I did see a bunch of people with wine flights which, for my fellow noobs are little glasses of like 3-4 wines that you can sample. What i did try was a wine called Beaujolais nouveau (Thanks wikipedia!) This stuff didn't taste like the putrid swill most wine tastes like. I actually got pretty buzzed off this stuff.  TIP: Non wine drinkers.... we have been missing out. Liquor hits you too hard and beer makes you feel all full and bloated... wine drunk is my new favorite kind of drunk. Learn to like it!  Service -  These people could not be nicer! Server was a sweetheart, the Sommelier (wine expert) was such a passionate guy about wine. I think he is from Israel or France or both. Such a nice guy, for real. he'll be more than happy to tell you about what you're drinking.  Pricing -  It's Vegas, it's wine.... it ain't cheap. That said, it wasn't CRAZY.  So overall, I'm going to continue trying to like red wine for the mellow wine buzz. The wife will be ecstatic to have a drinking partner if the plan works... wish me luck!  Oh, and check this bar out... they have all the standard drinks but you mainly go here for wine.
3 We were celebrating our 16th wedding anniversary!  We loved this wine bar.  Our waiter was knowledgeable and attentive.  The food was tasty.  The live music was fantastic.  Then the hostess decided to sit a couple with a 3year old child in the adjoining booth with ours.  It so ruined our evening.  Before she sat then, we'd decided to order a few more small plates and more wine, but decided against it once they sat down!
5 After a wonderful first visit, we decided to celebrate our birthdays here.  We enjoy the food, wine, and atmosphere.  Service is wonderful, especially the owner who makes you feel welcome and important.  Must go!
5 This place was great! Great food, great value, great views, great atmosphere.  My Girlfriend and I went for our 1 year anniversary on a Tuesday and loved everything about it.     The food was great we had the Garden salad to start and it was exactly that.  It had lots of fresh delicious vegetables.  Then we ordered a bottle of wine, for a wine bar in Summerlin I expected the bottle prices to be a lot higher.  We had a bottle of Cabernet for $28, which was the starting price but it was still very good.  We ordered both Steak options I would say the strip was more tender and a better value.  Then for dessert we had the benets and they were amazing the dipping selections for both the steak and the dessert complemented the dishes perfect.  The atmosphere was awesome as well! They have live mellow cover music. The performers said they are their on Sunday's and Tuesday's. Since I am in real estate I always pay attention to the decor of restaurants to get Ideas for my clients.  They had a very nice feel to it, designs that reminded me of Restoration Hardware techniques.  Oh yeah and "The View" it was pretty cool to over look Tivoli Village while we ate.  It was a little hard to find however, since it is in the market above Brio the sign says the Market with the restaurant name on the glass.  Also you have to go in through the stairs in a store front that looks empty.  May add to the atmosphere in the long run since it will keep tourists out.
1 I want to love this place so much that after poor service the first week they were open I went back. The venue is beautiful and the food is amazing BUT the service left much to be desired. Our server never checked on us. The food is brought out on little plates and we had no room for the next course I had to clear my own table. I had to ask another server for our bill and then brought it to the counter both times. I have been warned by friends not to visit twice but I didn't heed the warning.  The worst part was the two kids singing. They are talented, don't get me wrong, but they are extremely pitchy and the acoustics inside don't lend well to the HIGH, immature voice of the singer. We wanted to relax, have a glass of wine, and nosh on some great food. Instead we ate as fast as we could so we didn't have to listen to the bad Disney version music that literally hurt my ears. Inappropriate entertainment for a place with a wine bar. We didn't shop long either because of the whiny songs that were screamed throughout the building.  It's not a surprise the place is always empty on Sunday's.
4 The View Wine Bar and Kitchen  - A very classy bar with a view of the beautiful fountain, comfortable ambience. Offers good selection of wines, beers and small plates. The service is excellent, price reasonable. There's live entertainment at times.  No happy hour at the main bar. - Happy Hour (5-7) is offered in its cute, little Cheese Shoppe & Bar (no view) across the corridor less than 20ft away, with half-off drinks.  Yelpy Details:   One sunny afternoon, I was walking around Tivoli and spotted the Market Place, which attracted my attention, I stepped in out of curiosity.  Inside the front door was a gorgeous staircase leading upstairs. Even though the Market looked unfinished, the sign says there are shops and eatery upstairs. Well, with curiosity and THIRST, I went upstairs. I was pleasantly surprised to see some cute boutique shops open already, especially delighted to see the View Wine Bar and Kitchen open around the corner with a friendly hostess greeting custmers! She told me that they had two sections kitty-corner to each other; one main bar with a view, one charming little cheese shoppe and bar right across the corridor. Happy Hour, 5-7, is available ONLY in the small bar.   I was too thirsty to wait till 5; the view at the main bar and the pleasant live performance of 2 youngsters were too inviting to pass up, so I took a comfortable seat at the classy bar counter with a direct window view of the plaza fountain, happy hour or not! My friendly and helpful young lady bartender promptly settled me down with a draft Stella ($7), and and the free cheese/vegie appetizer; she went on to introduce me to its menu if small plates and very extensive list of wines!  At the bar there were already 5 other customers; 2 tables nearby were also occupied, all happily applauding the band from time to time.  For the afternoon, I wound up having a delicious BLT Flatbread ($10), 2 Stella ($7 each), and a glass of house cab (Cypress, $6). I made a check-in on Yelp to this establishment, while I was sitting at the bar, and was pleasantly rewarded with a 15%discount!  The band performed in the elegant front corner, where there was a piano. The young singer looked 13 but had a very nice, rich voice of 30; his partner accompanied him with good guitar playing, not bad! That band kept me glued to the bar for an extra 40+min!  The main bar did not offer HH,  the drinks and small plates are $5-19. Of course, being a wine bar, they offered a large selection of wines from $6-25 a glass. The lady barkeep, Joey, let me sample 2 kinds of Wasatch drafts ($9) and Earthquake Cab ($25/gl). The Wasatch was OK; the Earthquake was outstanding with its mellow, rich, lingering flavor and smooth texture. Joey is very friendly and attentive! All other staff is also quite pleasant and helpful, making one feel welcome!  [- See pics of menu]  HAPPY HOUR - Its "Cheese Shoppe" is a very cute, cozy bar, which offers food and drinks, and cheese, of course! HH is 5-7pm, with half off drinks. That bar has NO view, however, other than the main bar. One can hear and see the live entertainment here, also. When I left the main bar around 5:30, the small bar was almost full.  The Market Place is handicapped friendly, it has an elevator hidden in a corner beyond the grand stairwell.  Note to Management: There should be a TV facing the bar counter, so customers do not have to turn their necks!  BTW, I was told that the bars and the entire Market building are owned by Chef John Church, who worked with Ramsey and survived!  Peterskis3, Dec 2012
5 The view is awesome... Just start w/ that.  Greatttt wine list.  As someone who normally chooses beer any day of the week, The View's wine list (especially their malbec selection) turned me instantly.  It's got an amazing ambiance... Good with friends, date, or even alone in between work.  It's very chill w/o slumping into the casual zone.  Everyone that works there is incredibly incredibly nice.  Cheese plate is suppper goood, as well as their lobster mac.  Yummmm!
4 Inviting and comfortable eclectic faux-industrial-deco decor provides the backdrop for this wine bar and small plates venue.    A very approachable and varied wine menu; we started our visit with a big bold Earthquake Petite Sirah recommended by our great server, Joey and then on to some fantastic tapas selections she encouraged us to try.  We had Mary's Fried Chicken, Grilled Cheese with Triple Crème Brie, Local Honey, Walnuts & Brioche, 5 Onion Soup with Gruyere & Miche Crouton, and Gnocchi Gratin Bacon, Chives.  All exceptionally tasty, well prepared and presented; even down to the small details of the homemade pickles.  I think Tivoli Village has finally found its much needed local treasure and if it wasn't for all the 70's Billy Joel music I would have given this place a 5.
3 3 Stars just isn't high enough, but The View doesn't really deserve 4 Stars either...  Highlights:  Incredibly small portions...good, but not great items in general...innovative menu items  Refreshingly good wine selection...though most varieties start at $12/$13 a glass and go up  Exceedingly friendly/welcoming staff...It is clear that customer service is a priority here  I'm a fan of the modish/distressed/industrial/weathered tables & décor   The view...of what again?...a fountain?    Enjoyable live music!   Enjoyed a very good evening here with a group of friends.  It was immediately that the management here cares about the customer.  I really appreciated the friendliness of the staff.  The 3 servers I've had the opportunity of experiencing were helpful with the food, but need more wine training/experience to be helpful with wine selections...kind of useful when you're a wine bar.  We had a lot of food items here...as much because of the portion size as anything...and we paid more than anticipated to be full as a result.  Although most items were good, there is nothing we ate that I would specifically come back for...not one truly memorable item.  I listed what we tried in order of what I like the most:  Tuna Tartare Tacos (a little on the small side, but tasty) Butternut Squash Soup (lovely flavors...banana even) Onion Soup (fans of French Onion should try) Oxtail Croquets   The Hero Sandwich Steamed Clams Tivoli Wrapped Dates (the minuscule size is what kills this dish) Pork Belly French Fries (Don't remember the actual name of this item)  Gnocchi Gratin Organic Mushroom Risotto (not bad...but not good...so many places do this better) Lobster Bisque (still searching for decent lobster flavor) Chicken "Pot Pie" Nuggets (left wanting)  If I came back I would try the lobster mac and I heard great things about the cheese boards.  Come here for a wonderful ambiance and different feel than Vegas typically offers! Come here for a nice wine selection! Come here to enjoy solid live music!...not sure what nights though Come here when you're at Tivoli because it's better than most of the other options! Don't come here for a beautiful view! Don't come here to eat a lot and enjoy a food coma! Don't come here on a budget!  They offer a 15% discount when you check-in on Yelp!  One more rant...I am still not a fan of Tivoli.  I like the atmosphere of the View!  I don't see how it fits in with Tivoli's and its half hazard theme.  I am waiting for the day that Tivoli is twice as large and hoping that it finds its identity. along the way.
5 My husband and I love this spot! Good wine list although I wish they had some dessert wines. The manager is so helpful with helping you choose a wine, if you don't like it she will bring you wine until you do find a glass you like! Get the grilled cheese and the burger!
4 The original plan was to grab a drink since we had dinner reservations later at a place that rhymed with "Sonny Halt".  But the wine and atmosphere was so cool and unVegas plus the menu looked so damn tempting and inviting that we just said screw it and settled in for dinner here. The live music trio they had performing was great and really enhanced the dining.  My favorite dish by far was the lamb shoulder.  It was slow cooked, very tender and the yogurt sauce that accompanied it was perfect.  The risotto was decent.  We weren't that into the grilled cheese.  Even though it was quite different than the average grilled cheese with brie, honey and walnuts, I didn't feel it justified the $7 price.  The 5 onion soup was above average.  Our bartender strongly recommended the cobbler for dessert and it was great.    There are a lot of other things we definitely want to try that sounded scrumptious like chicken pot pie nuggets and the pork belly flatbread.  The menu they have posted online is dated as there's more to choose from than what's posted.    I didn't really like how the dining tables were set up.  Neighboring tables were very, very close to one another.  It's as if you were dining with them.  They have the space to open it up a little more.  We chose the bar which was definitely better for couples.  So come as 2 at the bar or 5+ so you can take up a whole table section.    They also have a happy hour at their wine and cheese bar from 5pm-8pm which includes $2 glasses of wine among other things.  I actually have a reason to go to Tivoli Village now!  Wow!  That only took a year and a half :)
5 Definitely my new FAVORITE wine bar in Vegas. Loved everything about this place... From the decor, to the wine & cheese selection. A great hide out, when you want a sophisticated dining experience away from the Las Vegas strip buzz.  FOOD: small dishes/tapas style  Caprese, tomato, burrata cheese, basil: 3/5 delicious just a bit dry. All the toppings are very delicious but the type of flat bread they use here is a bit powdery and it dried out my lips.  Tuna tartare tacos: 5/5 I loooooove tuna tartare and these mini tuna tartare tacos did not disappoint. A great mini bite of refreshing flavors of lime, fresh tuna, and avocado.   6oz petite 1855 NY strip: 5/5 Perfect sear, red middle, great smokey flavors and JUICY. Perfectly salted. Great steak!  Fries poutine: 5/5 Definitely made In house, best fries I've ever had. It even tasted healthy. Not sure how they accomplished that but WOW amazing!  Chicken Pot Pie nuggets: 5/5 Very puffy and delicious. HUGE too   WINE:  Robert Hall, Paso Robles: Merlot 2009 Hullabaloo: Zinfandel 2011    AMBIANCE: wow this place is amazing. The decor is modern/contemporary with a combination of urban exposed ceilings, Victorian tufted chairs. Also music from a live piano bar singer and pianist definitely completes it all.
5 My husband and I went here for a date on a Friday night.  We arrived about 7pm and was told there was a 15 minute wait.  The nice thing about this location is that if you do have to wait, you can walk around and check the shops.  However, just as they were telling us there was a wait...a table opened up and we sat immediately.  The menu options are excellent and for the 2 of us, we had about 5 dishes, dessert and a bottle of wine--$100.  For the quality of food, service, location and environment...it was totally worth it.  Our server did a really nice job giving his suggestions and explaining the details of the dishes.  We really enjoyed the live entertainment too.  I can't wait to go back and bring friends and family!
3 The second establishment to open by the same owners as Poppy Den in the last few months. I don't know, I'm still torn about this place. First try was a stop in after cocktails in another restaurant in Tivoli....the bartender had told us to stop in and check this new wine bar out, so of course we had to. It's situated inside the new Market on top of Brio, so yes, you do get a "view", but it's of the valet drop off turnstile. I did like the decor, very shabby chic meets Pottery Barn. The bartender, Dante, was very friendly, he directed towards the seasonal wine list and recommend a French wine, I had asked him if it compared to a Sancerre, he didn't know what that was. Now I'm not saying you need to be a sommelier, but if you're a bartender working in a wine bar trying to sell me a $15 glass of wine, you might want to know your wines a little bit. Onto the food, extremely overpriced for the size, yes I get it is tapas, but come on, high way robbery. For example, we ordered the Nutella dessert cake, for $9 it was literally 3 bites. I asked for a cheese list, our waitress said they don't have one. Huh? So it's just a game of chance whatever I order? Waitresses choice? She followed it up with "yeah we should get one". Kinda funny. I really do love Tivoli and I wish them the best, but I don't see them lasting with these prices.
4 This is a miniature review with promise that I will return and find out more to yelp about!   In the meantime, I merely picked up a $2 glass of wine at the cheese shoppe and strolled the Market LV.   What? Drinking and shopping? What? $2?? A win win win in my eyes!   The cheese shoppe is cute and little. I saw a cheese plate going out. Looked delightful! $9 for three cheeses with yummy looking bread, honey and fruit. Pair that will some $2 wine and you'd have a chic and cheap date!!   The view bar and kitchen is lovely. The decor is soothing and vintage inspired. There are cozy high backed chairs, and couches for your lounging pleasure.  Apparently, there is live music at times as well?!   I can't wait to come back!!!
5 5 stars across the board! It was love when I checked in and got 15% off! There's NOTHING like this place in this crazy city!!   Decor: it's a hidden gem inside the Market LV, which is upstairs in Tivoli Village (above Brio). It is charmingly decorated in a shabby/chic/warehouse look! I don't know how to exactly describe it but I love it!    Service: The place was packed for lunch and the service was still incredible! Our waitress knew every answer to our questions and seemed to really care about how our day was going!   Entertainment: there wasn't any entertainment but I was told EVERY night and Saturday during the day they have live entertainment that is amazing, I guess I'll have to come back this weekend with the girls!   Food: the food was impeccable! We ordered a bunch of food. You can order things for yourself or you can share everything and enjoy it as tapas (which is what they recommend). Everything was top notch and fresh! I have no complaints. My favorites were: the Brussels sprouts, lobster mac and chicken pot pie nuggets! TO DIE FOR!!   No complaints, I'm already planning my next time back! Hopefully Friday night. I have been told the vibe at night is awesome and the restaurant is beautiful at night.
5 A great addition to Tivoli Village! If you're just going for the wine, they do have a great selection to choose from in a comfortable atmosphere. I do enjoy their food menu, however mine main mission is the wine. :)  I always enjoy the live singing, from Michael Buble to Colbie Caillat. It's only been open for 4 months and it has become my happy hour place with co-workers.   ProTip: $2 happy hour wine at the bar located next to the kitchen. :)
4 A little pricey but the food was great tapas style.  The bar decor looked amazing, something out of a NYC.  Live music made it feel a romatic.  The shops around the loft style area were  uniqiue to check out.
3 I'm a little torn on how to review this place. I came here for the first time a couple of weeks ago. A friend and I sat at the bar and Katie was the bartender. The wine was great, loved the atmosphere, and Katie was friendly and entertaining.   And then came time to check out. We had the 15% deal for checking in. The manager has to redeem it. We waited 10 minutes after receiving the bill, then asked the bar back to please help. Mind you, it's closing time, so while there are plenty of things they need to do to close but there  were not very many people left in the place. We waited another 10 minutes and finally just said forget the discount. Our husbands were waiting for us and we needed to leave. Why offer a discount if it's so difficult to redeem? This partially ruined the evening. For me, there's nothing more disappointing than when great service and a great time falls apart after the bill arrives.   I'll be back because the rest of the experience was great and I'm hoping the end was just a one time incident.
4 The View Wine Bar and Kitchen is located in Tivoli Village above the Brio.  Can a be a bit confusing trying to figure out how to get up here. You can go through the Market or if you are heading here after 10 PM, through the back.  I'm not a huge wine or even drinker, but found the View Wine Bar as a pretty cool place to hang out with friends or even a date.  The ambiance is toned down compared to most bars and also has that classy feel to it.  When it comes down to it, the classy feel comes from the classy clientele and excellent service.  The View Wine Bar also serves a bunch of mini dishes to either tie you over before dinner or to finish the job if dinner was too light.  Overall, the quiet, chill, and classy atmosphere at the View Wine Bar should make a fan of us all.  Sure makes a as perfect place for date night or fun/laughs with friends.  PS: The stores and shops that surround the View Wine Bar and Kitchen also gives this place it's character.  I suggest that you don't rush through the 2nd floor to get here. And, lets not forget the view you get of Tivoli Village. Enjoy your surroundings and the ambiance.  You won't be disappointed and may even score extra points if you're on a date.
2 Was there on a Friday around 7 pm.  The wait staff ignored people standing to get a table; but the collective annoyance of those waiting must have been heard as the manager walked over and asked if we were waiting for a table....genius!   We got a table and ordered stuffed dates and something else so bland I can't remember what it was.    As we were talking, the entertainment for the evening were two guys singing and playing a guitar. They were so loud and not-very-good that people were yelling across the table to hear one another; at that point we were ready to leave and noticed so were many other people.  Pros: Great decor and atmosphere, variety of tables/seating, comfortable chairs.  Cons: Unfriendly staff, loud, bad music.
5 Okay....I gave View Wine Bar and Kitchen 5 stars when I first went here and we went today for lunch and I had to come back and edit my review and give it 5 stars across the board...AGAIN!   I got my favorite appetizer : tomato soup! So delish.  Mind you the concept is tapas but you can still get full by ordering 2 dishes to yourself. We decided to do it tapas/family style and share between ourselves.  Here's what we got:   Tomato Soup: 5/5 stars. It wasn't too hot and wasn't too cold, just right. The bowl it comes out in makes the presentation great.  Wedge Blue Cheese Salad : 4/5 stars. It was sooo good, except there was a lot of blue cheese on it. Once you take some of that off it was nearly perfect.  Brussel Sprouts: 5/5 stars. This is one of my favorite dishes. The flavors are indescribable. There is so much flavor yet there doesn't seem to be anything overbearing.   Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets: 5/5 stars. Read about these bad boys in a recent article in a Vegas magazine, had to try them again! SOOOO GOOD! Don't be afraid of the name, they are to die for. Cooked to a tee and the inside makes 'em that much better. Love me some pot pie nuggets.  Dates: 4/5 stars. I'm not much of a date person, but I have to admit they were pretty stinkin' good. They were wrapped in bacon and rumor has it the dates are from Tivoli Date trees....interesting.   I'm not a wine drinker but my best friend said her choice of wine was awesome.   Overall, the vibe in here is a 10/10 stars!!! Everyone was having an absolute blast, there was a piano player/singer and he was exceptional, really made the experience awesome.   Our waitress was great, she was attentive and very knowledgable about the menu. We had so many questions not to quiz her but to make sure we knew what we were getting and she had the answers to all of it!   CANNOT WAIT to come back!!   Cheers!
4 Fun place to grab a bite and something to drink.  The desserts are amazing!
5 This is what Vegas has been missing. A superb place for dinner or drinks with friends.  In addition to simply outstanding food and great service, there is entertainment every night of the week from Las Vegas Academy.  You will be blown away that they are still in high school.  This is my new favorite place!
5 My experience at view was nearly perfect! It was a very fun and social atmosphere. The romantic decor and stellar entertainment paired perfectly with the food. Each dish was a refreshing take on the whole tapas genre of bistro. This restaurant is a cultured gem in the vast and mundane vegas food scene. Service was akin to a St. Regis resort staff. 5 stars! Our server Oliver was very personable and entertaining. He was great and we cannot wait to be back!   Oh and my buddy and I noticed this is a good place to meet some Summerlin women!!!
5 I will fully admit that I don't hide my hatred for over-hyped restaurants on the strip or failed areas of town like Tivoli Village, so it was with great hesitation that I took a few recent suggestions to go try the burger at View Wine Bar. Many restaurants and stores have come and gone from this ghost town of a shopping area, and I question how long anything could survive there based on how few people are around each time I visit. Because no one is ever there I typically assume that this means there's nothing worthy of perusing or devouring here, but after my most recent visit I couldn't be more wrong.  The View Wine Bar is located upstairs in the extremely odd and poorly identified Market LV area of Tivoli; billed as "something you would find in New York or San Francisco" this is anything but. They're trying to provide a series of mom and pop style shops in a 'cool' loft style space, but the whole thing seems kind of amateur and is really awkward to walk through. We went on a Saturday and it almost felt like we were accidentally walking into people's private studios or something. The bar itself isn't completely defined, but kind of spills out into the circulation of the market. Too much open space in between slightly oversized tables and chairs flank the 'view' out to the dinky fountain and lovely valet area below. The menu is tapas-style with many reasonably priced, decent sounding items prepared with the "freshest, seasonal ingredients" according to their website. Being on a mission, I skipped all the tempting items and ordered the 8oz triple angus burger with tomato jam, lettuce, balsamic onions and additional toppings. You also have the choice of egg, pork belly, bacon, caramelized onions and a few other items that don't sound as good.  I went with the additional pork belly as I'm always a sucker for it, and what came out a few minutes later looked as amazing as it tasted. The meat had really great fresh beef flavor, not much char but delicious nonetheless and cooked perfectly all the way through. The tomato jam had really good sweet flavor, and the pork belly was really tasty and crispy but not quite present enough. I pulled a few bites out to eat separately and enjoyed them, but would probably just skip it next time to save the dollar and enjoy the rest of the flavors on their own. The shredded lettuce and balsamic glaze were a nice touch. The bun was sweet and fresh; possibly the same as Bachi's but maybe a tiny but more dry. Also the bun was randomly a bit too cold when it first came out, but warmed up a bit because of the patty as I was eating. The cheese was melted but not at all noticeable with the strong beef and jam flavors to compete with it. The three different pickles speared to the top were all great, and a nice touch to start off my meal. In all this was a fantastic burger and a total shock based on other meals I've had there recently.  The fries were equally fantastic; thick and cooked well tossed with white truffle oil and a dusting of parmesan. Sadly there were way too few of them, they should almost double their serving size so I don't feel like I'm consciously rationing them through my entire meal. The mustard, ketchup and mayo were a good touch too. While $13 might be a few dollars towards the high end for some folks being an off-Strip location, the quality of ingredients and great flavor of this meal make it completely worth it. I'm almost scared as to whether this restaurant will survive based on how few people go to Tivoli, so I suggest you make your way there to eat this burger and keep this place open until I can make it back again.
4 My first time at the Tivoli Village was very memorable- we met a great duo of father/son at Brio happy hour, and we could not stop raving about the View Wine & Bar. We wanted to continue exploring Tivoli, so decided to give it a try.   $2 house wine and beer for happy hour until 8pm DAILY?! We also had the 5 cheese platter.. I am not a huge cheese perfect but I loved everything that I tried. Perfect service and ambiance, great for date nights.
5 Came here twice with other Yelper friends within the social circle for both the same reasons: Poppy Den just finished their 'ladies free Champagne happy hour' and we're curious about the food at View.  View is the only place i know of so far that carries Wasatch Belgian-style White Ale on tap which is a HUGE deal to me seeing as i'm a fan of Wasatch brewing company.   Other than that the best advice i can give to anyone wanting to check this place out is to not come hungry. Prices are decent with very little over 15 dollars but portion sizes are Tapas.  Roasted Brussels Sprouts  - Lately becoming a bigger and bigger hit at finer dining locations. The Brussels Sprouts offered here are served with potatoes and have quite a nice balsamic reduction poured on top. The potatoes are damn good as well  Grilled Cheese - An adult spin on a childhood favorite this sandwich is just amazing. The soft creamy brie with the local hone, balsamic reduction, pesto, grapes, and others to enhance that subtle flavors of the brie  Fries Poutine - Thick cuts of crispy on the outside soft on the inside covered in melted cheddar cheese and topped with what i think were large chunks of fried bacon. The red wine gravy was a bit on the sweet side but it went well with the salty fries as long as you take it one dip at a time. The ox-tail was battered and deep fried in a way that made them kinda of...shredded beef sticks which was strange at first but tasted quite excellent.  Rosen Colorado Lamb Chop - one lamb chop already sliced. I was looking for more of a gamey taste but there was very little and not that spiced as well. Still good but i was expecting much more in terms of serving size and taste.  Yelp 100 - 018 of 100
4 I sat at the bar at View Cheese Shop and enjoyed the atmosphere.  6pm on a Tuesday for happy hour and they had a very nice live jazz combo performing.  The HH specials included $2 wine and $1 PBR.  Add that to the 15% off Yelp check-in offer and it was a sweet deal. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and our server was very nice, BUT service was extremely amateurish.  We didn't try the red wine as we were told it was coming out of the tap carbonated - um, yuck?  The server could not answer basic menu questions, such as what kind of oysters they were offering or details of the cheese.  I also noticed the cheese was pre-sliced and being handled with bare hands without any hand washing before or after when he then handled money.  As other servers came into the bar area, they were busy on their cell phones instead of helping with service, so it took a long time to get a glass of water or our second course. I tried the risotto cakes, chicken pot pie nuggets and oxtail croquettes.  Everything was good, but I was especially impressed with the chicken pot pie nuggets and would get them again. The chocolate nutella cake was missing any flavor of nutella, but was moist and rich.  I will return, but will probably opt for seating in the main lounge area that offers a better view of the live music act and hopefully more professional service.
4 Finding a bar with a great view, wine list, and food can turn a frown upside-down.  View Wine Bar is a happy place, one that seems secret if you never push the "2" button on the Tivoli elevator in the Brio restaurant building.  I'm very happy to have found a place like this, somewhere I can grab a bottle of Riesling and a few apps for dinner.  I'll definitely be back again.  Find me at the end of the bar with my hubby.  We'll be the ones with the bucket of ice and a few bottles of wine.
5 Saturday night dinner. Located upstairs in "marketplace" of Tivoli village. The ambience is relaxed but nicely appointed. Interesting seating areas! Interesting menu, great wine list, many by the glass. Very friendly & helpful wait staff including our waitress Sunny (& she is!). She was very attentive & accommodating. We had several small plates including flatbreads, short ribs, dates, small wedge salad, Brussel sprouts, & "Mary's" fried chicken. Everything was delicious, prepared as described & came out quickly. Wines served at proper temp in large glasses that helped bring out the aromas & flavors in the wine. We will definitely be back!!
4 I've come here twice now- for wine and cheese and for lunch.  And I love the atmosphere.  Located on the 2nd floor of The Market in Tivoli Village, it is a nice open loft like space with high ceilings and sleek modern urban decor, but with a cozy feeling at the same time.  The wine bottle lighting over the bar is a cute little detail.   My first experience was wine, cheese, and charcuterie with a large group of friends.  These are probably my 4 favorite things in the world, so you can't go wrong with this combo.  Everything was delicious, and the atmosphere was perfect for stimulating conversation as well.   My second visit was for lunch and my husband and I sat by the window with a VIEW of the Tivoli Village rotunda. Because they dishes are tapas style,  we shared 4 dishes: * pork and polenta -  this was delicious and I would definitely order it again.   * roasted brussel sprouts - I love the fact that the veggies are from the local Farmer's market, but i was not a fan of the way these were prepared.  And I am a brussel sprouts lover.  These were more bitter rather than highlighting the deep nutty flavors.   * lobster mac - the lobster was cooked perfectly and the parmesan and brandy cream sauce was the perfect accompaniment.  * fries poutine - oxtail, cheddar, and red wine gravy.  My husband enjoyed it, I thought it was just OK, but that may be because I was completely carb'd out.   The thing I love about tapas/shared plates is that there is something for everyone, and there is the opportunity to try many different things.    Service was a bit slow, but very friendly.  There were 3 tables of diners and 1 at the bar, and only 1 server/ bartender/ hostess. She was working very hard and was very apologetic when I had to repeatedly attempt to grab her attention just for a water refill.  The price is very reasonable (especially with the Yelp check-in offer).  There are many other dishes I look forward to trying, and because of the atmosphere- I will be back. I definitely want to check out their happy hour and live music. Tivoli Village is part of my neighborhood, and I really want to see it thrive.  Hopefully, the View Wine Bar & Kitchen and the other boutiques in The Market will help.  *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 32/100*
4 Classy feel and fancied-up comfort food for the win!  I'm so glad my friend had been here before, because I don't think I would ever have wandered up to The View Wine Bar & Kitchen at Tivoli Village on my own. It was very quiet on a Tuesday at lunch and I sure hope for their sake that it gets busier at other times. (That goes doubly for all the adorable shops on the same level!)   Our waitress Ashlee was amazing! Very friendly, attentive, and completely welcoming to my 5-month old baby boy who was along for girls' lunch - even though I would't guess The View to be kid-friendly. Ashlee also gave great recommendations when we asked!   Chicken pot pie nuggets were great to share and my friend really enjoyed the lobster mac. The tomato soup was pretty decent and the mushroom risotto was VERY YUM. Great texture and taste and just "gourmeted-up" enough to make it somewhat of a stand-out:)  The prices were ok but would have been a better fit on the strip, especially considering the portions. In such a relatively tucked-away location in Tivoli it seemed too expensive. But the 15% off deal with a yelp check-in was pretty sweet, and really it was just right for a girls' lunch.
3 Between the view and the decor, it's got a nice feel.  The food is ok, but the bartender, Oscar, picked a great wine for us, at a very reasonable price.    Food Tuna tartare was a little bland, could use some wasabi in the creme fraiche.  Brussel sprouts had a sauerkraut taste, and a bit too much salt.  Oysters were very good. Lobster mac and cheese was good.  Service from bartender was great, but the rest of the staff wasn't as good.    Summary, come here for a drink, not the food.
4 After discovering that the game store in Tivoli Village was closed (apparently you can shop them online though) . The Wine Bar seemed to be the next best bet. With one of my best pals fully supporting this decision, we grabbed a seat at the bar and settled in for what ended up being a really long afternoon of drinking!  We ordered and amazing charcuterie plate and 5 cheese plate. They complemented each other perfectly. Also got the pot pie bites and grilled cheese sandwiches. DELICIOUS!   They have a great wine selection, by the glass and bottle. We downed 3 bottles and spent about 5 hours parked at the bar. The service was excellent, and the place was immaculate.  It has an industrial but elegant feel with wine bottles incorporated into the design.  I must say for a bar named "the view" I don't consider it an amazing view to watch cars pull in and out of Valet. Well, maybe it's amazing if you're in to high end vehicles.   And speaking of high end, the prices are a little on the high side for the small shared plates.   Overall a really fun time. I'll come again.
4 Great place to have some wine and cheese. Yesterday they had a live jazz band, great touch. Had a great time with my wifey.
4 This place is pretty cool and it's a nice change from the regular bars you find in Vegas. This bar has no TVs and no gambling. Wow! That was really nice. The staff was great and there was a great jazz band playing. They only thing that wasn't good was one of our appetizer dishes was ice cold in the middle. All of their food is appetizers/tapas and most of it is bite size and deep fried. So one of the dishes was obviously frozen and then not fried for the correct amount of time. Oh well. No biggy.
3 Love the live music and decor... $20 for a beer and grilled cheese is a bit much in my opinion.
3 Nice wine selection.  Great atmosphere and comfy chairs.  Love the location.  Have not had any food here that made me overly excited.  So although I like it, I don't love it.
4 The view is awesome! I love the ambiance - candle light, pretty chandeliers, live music and a beautiful view. I went here for a friends birthday and the food and wine was really good. I was a little bit disappointed with the portion size for how expensive the food but I was not disappointed by the selection of wine.  We got 5 cheeses that came with some crackers and grapes and all the cheese was high quality and delicious. It is good plate to start with. The tuna tartare tacos are a must at the view.  The oyster were great. We also tried the pot pie bites which were good. The lobster mac and cheese was super rich. The food is pretty good, but not great.   I would go during happy hour so you can get the most for the money at this expensive little bar. I can't wait to go back!
4 One of the best burgers around town.
5 Absolutely impressive.  I heard about this restaurant from a fellow co-worker and he said it was a great place to go for new ambiance and a new dining style for tapas. Once I heard tapas and great atmosphere I was sold, I had to try it out.  I came here with my boyfriend for an early Sunday dinner and my co-worker undersold this place. My boyfriend and I absolutely fell in love with the concept of the restaurant. The ambiance was very laid back and classy, simple and yet intricate. It was a good balance of everything. The service was exceptional and friendly. The food was divine. Everything we ordered was fresh, flavorful and creative. (Must get the: gnocchi, risotto cakes, chicken pot pie nuggets, and the Angus burger) Can't wait to come back here again.
5 My wife and I tried this restaurant tonight.  Wow!  We each tried three different kinds of wine and had a dinner.  We tried the chicken pot pie nuggets, the grilled cheese, the meatballs, and the five cheese plate.  Everything was very good!  We finished off with beignets; the white sauce is the best but the other two sauces are good to.  Also, live music on a Wednesday night, awesome!   We chatted, drank, and ate for over 2.5 hours.  The chairs were so comfy; I am usually ready to get up after 1.5 hours but it was great!  This is now on the rotation, we love this place!
4 Sitting here on my couch thinking "gosh I'm super hungry, what should I do for dinner?" And literally everything I want is at view. Chicken pot pie bites? Yes please. Tasty meatballs? Okay! Bacon cheesy gnocchi that make your mouth feel like a happy place? Count me in. Top it off with $2 happy hour wine at the bar and some adorable individual oysters and you have yourself an excellent night.
2 Come for Happy Hour at the bar area and leave.   My friends and I decided to check out The View last night for happy hour. Unfortunately they do not serve any food at their happy hour. Draft wines for $2 though, are a steal. However the wines are not of the greatest quality. They also serve Stella Artois (on draft) for $3. AS much as I liked the prices, the service was mediocre. My friends and I waited to pay our bills for a good 10 minutes while the one bar server made cheese boards. She literally was away from all of her bar patrons for a good 5-7 minutes. In bar time - that is a really long time not to be able to talk to the people at your bar and get them more drinks.   We then were seated in the dining area, which is really nice and open with awesome chairs that made me feel like I could sit there for hours. We also got a pretty awesome spot in front of a window in front of Tivoli's fountain.   I found their wine menu to be somewhat of a disappointment. Yes, they offer a decent variety, but when I think "Wine Bar" I was expecting a booklet, not a page. Also, wines from France were sorely missing. There was only two, one of which you could only order per bottle. California and Washington varietals are center stage here. I ordered the "dryer" Riesling for $13, which I thought was decent enough, although I've had better.   Food - I wanted the 5 Cheese Soup, but was informed they were out, in a hurry, and not really thinking, I ordered the Tomato Soup instead. What I was served was a puddle of tomato soup in a huge bowl. I will honest-to-God say the bowl had 6 spoonfuls of soup in it. At $6 a pop for a sip of soup I found it to be a huge let-down. Be conscious the style here is "tapas", small plates for sharing, but really, was I going to share my 6-spoonfuls of soup? Hell no I wanted a bowl of soup!  I also had the "Green Eggs and Ham" Carbonara, which was delicious. The sauces were perfect, the addition of the egg was perfect. The crispy pork belly was not crispy. It was a lump of pork, flaccid and not up to par. I wish I had gotten an entire plate, again, I was severely disappointed at the size of my pasta, especially considering I was STILL hungry after I had finished it. I was wishing I had gone to Brio across the street and paid the same exact amount of money and gotten a huge-ass plate of spaghetti.  I like the idea, but I do not like the execution of The View. I will always compare tapas (no matter what they are) to Firefly, and Firefly beats this place out hands down a million times over. Also, Nosh & Swig, a place that also does "American" tapas is better than The View with cheaper prices and better quality/quantity of food presentation.   Service in the dining area was okay, but somewhat awkward. We were given a horrible "appetizer" (for free...) that consisted of cold peanuts, a thin slice of radish, a weird dried-out carrot, and what I think was two celery sticks. Mind you, there were three girls sitting at my table, whatever would we want with this weird concoction of "food"?   Service - 3/5 Food - 2.5/5 Ambiance - 4/5  I will not make a return trip. There are places with better wine and better food that will not leave me yearning for an Inn N Out burger after my meal.
3 Atmosphere is great, food is just so-so.
4 I've been wanting to try this place for a while, I'm a big fan of Tivoli in general. A friend and I went in for the $6 lunch specials and were not disappointed at all. We both got the same thing (I know lame but the hear wants what the heart wants) the summer berry salad was delicious with lots of berries and the candied walnuts were awesome. The BLT was great, nice crunchy brioche, thick bacon and a tasty aioli. We split the chicken pot pie nuggets which were dreamy. The place was pretty empty while we were there but I can see how it would get busy in the evenings. We will go back for sure.
2 We have been there twice, first time just my husband and myself on a Saturday afternoon.  First I'll have to say it's a great concept, view is terrific and the room is lovely.  Unfortunately that's all I can say that's good.  First of all, when you set up a wine bar with glasses all down the bar, they should not have water spots all over them, secondly, they were out of Pinot Grigio, something about their supplier not delivering.  Hello, there is a Total Wine and Lee's Liquor within walking distance go buy some after all you are a "Wine Bar".  Then we ordered a cheese plate and specifically, upon the recommendation of the waiter, asked for the Brie.  Well, yet another problem they only had enough Brie for anticipated grilled cheese sandwiches.  Okay, so we try again on a Wednesday, for their "Wine Tasting".  What a joke that was we called to make reservations, spoke with a couple of people none of them knew what was going on.  We went there about 5:30 with two other couples, we told them we were there for the "Wine Tasting" still no one had a clue what we were talking about.  So, we thought we are early we'll order a drink and wait, we go to order and still no Pinot Grigio.  Since two of us drink Pinot and they still didn't have a clue we walked out!  It's really a shame it could be a home run but poor management, short staffing and no attention to detail will put them out of business in no time.
4 The fiancé and I stopped by for lunch this afternoon and had a wonderful meal! So let's talk atmosphere, gorgeous. I love the light from all the windows, the vintage and rustic furniture, the lighting fixtures, just the whole package. It was completely empty before noon and no one at the host stand or bar, but we were content walking around and getting photos. Anyway, we got a table in one of the windows with big comfy chairs and it was so nice. They have lunch specials (salad and sandwich or sandwich and soup, etc), but we wanted to try their small plates.   We got six dishes -- Tivoli Wrapped Dates: Soft, lightly sweet dates stuffed with goat cheese and an almond, wrapped in prosciutto. The presentation was beautiful and I love that they cut the round ends of the dates so it sat on a platter. Of course, I had to compare these to Firefly's dates and I'm happy to say that they were equally good in different ways. I like the freshness of this dish (compared to the smokey qualities of Firefly's), however it could use salt or another salty component for more contrast. Lobster Mac: Generous chunks of lobster meat, whole wheat penne, Parmesan, brandy cream, spinach, and sun-dried tomatoes. Slightly under-salted, but I liked that it wasn't overwhelming. But $15? Not worth it. Organic Mushroom Risotto: The dish was prepared well, nice mushrooms. Mushrooms still had bite and the rice had a good consistency. Although, it did seem under-seasoned as well, it was still good. Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets: These things are amazing. Seriously genius!! Mini little bites of chicken pot pie, not a joke. The batter was so crispy and I love that it was served with freshly shaved Parmesan and lime zest. Roasted Brussel Sprouts: Roasted in brown butter with Yukon Gold potatoes, Purple potatoes, pumpkin seeds, crushed cashews, golden raisins. Really good. I would have liked the sprouts to be roasted a little longer to rid it of the bitterness.  Drunken Shrimp: Large shrimp fried in a Guinness batter, served with a mango-jicama slaw, and housemade vodka cocktail sauce. The batter was deliciously crispy, the shrimp was fresh, and I squeezed a little fresh lime juice before dipping it in the perfect cocktail sauce and added the fresh, crispy slaw per bite. Amazing!  Hands down, Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets and Drunken Shrimp are two of the best dishes in my overall dining history. What I like about The View, besides the great design, is that they are innovative with the selection of dishes, which was definitely vital in a market saturated with restaurants serving the "small plates" experience. They've taken dining favorites like stuffed dates, fried shrimp and decided to use other ingredients to make it sufficiently different. That's what will bring me back to dine with them again.  Service was wonderful; our server was great and checked in on us when needed. We also enjoyed their soda selection (Virgil Root Beer, Jamaican Ginger Beer). The only downside is the price. For two, our lunch bill was $75 (including tax and 21% tip) - yikes.  Although satisfied with the amount of food we consumed, we could have easily ordered more if we had more time and racked up quite the bill.
4 Best kept secret! Wanted to try it and my boyfriend surprised me for my birthday! I love where it's located, the atmosphere and the wine and food are perfect for the setting. Got the risotto cakes, grill cheese and soup, yum! Had a red wine& price was good. Just went a second time for some wine and the service was great as before. The managers are always helping out too which is refreshing to see! Nothing bad to say. Love!
2 Pretty pricey for the what they offer. 2 out 5 things we ordered were good.  Excited to try the Oxtail croquettes when I saw the picture but they were quite dry and the pic is extremely deceiving. I'm hoping they changed the pic to what they really look like. They are about the size of a small thumb. View was pretty but I'd rather the food be better for me to try this place for a second round. You're better off going to la cave the prices are similar but food at la cave was so much more tastier.
4 My boyfriend and I stopped by for Sunday's monthly K9 and Cocktails!  It was my first time so I played it safe and brought my well-behaved 15 lb maltipoo , Milo, versus my rambunctious 100 lb Lab.  We arrived toward the end of the event as the time listed is from 1-4 but we were still seated in a area cordoned off for people and their pets.  Milo received his own dish.  He wasn't quite a fan but he did appreciate the complimentary water.    We ordered the selection of 5 cheeses and the Tivoli wrapped dates.   The dates were very interesting as I was expecting more of the warm take on the dates a la Firefly or Embers but these were served cold and the flavor of the almond, goat cheese, prosciutto was interesting.  The 5 cheeses came with crackers, grapes and a little apple sauce and a drizzle of honey.  I'm not too familiar with my cheeses but I assume the apple sauce and honey was to cut the flavor a little bit of the stronger cheeses on the platter.  At $6 for the dates and $12 for the cheese selection I thought the prices were more then fair and generous enough for the two of us -- make that three of us as Milo did have some cheese!   Service was excellent and my glass was never empty.  And even though we stayed well past the posted event time we never felt as if they wanted us to leave.
2 The food is delicious but my only concern would be the customer service. I've been there a few times.Twice, I've been ignored waiting to make an order while waiting in the front. All I see is the employees having a nice chat with another table.
4 We loved the atmosphere and food. Once we were done eating, we sat around talking and never felt the pressure to leave, even though they were busy. We will definitely be back.  We do wish there was a more diverse wine list.
1 This place sucks now. The best part was that their happy hour was so good. Guess what!! Now they make you order food. Any bar in Vegas that stipulates your drinking with rules should be shut down. Don't go here and never support them. They need to get their full happy hour back or shut down. Go to echo and rig we just had dinner there which is why we are not hungry and they were so good.
5 View Wine Bar & Kitchen just became my favorite restaurant in Vegas! The environment, the service, and the food are all perfectly done! The restaurant itself is very charming and it feels so comfortable.   Our waitress was amazing! She greeted us immediately, asked us what we wanted to drink and brought us our drinks in a very timely manner. It was a busy Friday night when I was there so the fact that the waitress was on top of all her tables was very impressive. Our table was never without food and our drinks were never empty. We even had the manager check on our table to make sure everything was up to par, nice touch View!   Now to the best part... The food!! My group shared a bunch of the small plates and each was was better than the one before it! We shared the risotto cakes, the lobster Mac n cheese, the tuna tartare nachos, the chicken pot pie nuggets, the burger, and the meatballs. The tuna tartare nachos were amazing!! I just had them last week and I'm craving them again. They have such a fresh tuna flavor and the sauce and avocado are the perfect touch. The chicken pot pie nuggets are a must have as well. They are nice and crisp on the outside and then inside is a perfect creamy chicken-y goodness! I had heard that the burger was on of the best in the city and it did not disappoint! It was perfectly cooked and the tomato jam that came on it was a delicious addition to an already perfect burger. Lastly we had the beignets for dessert. They were fluffy and sweet and delicious! The dipping sauces that come with them compliment them so well.   I have nothing but great things to say about View Wine Bar and Kitchen and I would recommend it to everyone!
4 $2 dollar happy hour wine! Sold.. I will be returning :) shrimp cocktail was also really nice , really big shrimps!
5 If you find yourself in Vegas and you love the Southern California/Bay Area feel, you have to check out this place at Tivoli Village - The Market and The View Wine Bar! The signature cocktail The Desert Bloom is a must!
3 Let me start by saying we came on a Saturday night during happy hour. First time here so we walked to the host stand and were promptly seated. Decor and ambiance really are great, the restaurant was designed very well. I would like to mention even though we came during happy hour there was no mention of it being in the cheese room only, we came to find that out later once already sat. Since we were already comfortable we decided we can try the happy hour next time and started with a bottle of wine. We also tried the following dishes,   Angus burger w/ truffle fries- amazing  5 tasting cheese plate- also very good  Tuna tartare nachos - delicious, yet very small, even for a tapa.  Drunken shrimp- colossal size shrimp cooked with vodka, and a Guinness infused sauce. I could have passed on these, extremely battered.  Dessert was an Apple and peach cobbler, this was average, I think I would have rather had the beignets.  All in all it was a nice dining experience, the reason for the three stars is partially because how the servers demeanor changed once it came to paying the bill. Also, when we did use the 10% check-in offer it was only applied to the food, not the alcohol. To me I really didn't care, but I do think others might so it may be in their interest to add a discrepancy on the check in discount.  First impression was great, leaving impression was so-so.
1 We sat down and the  bartender asked if I was pregnant.  I'm not.  While I fully admit the empire waist top was a poor choice, and I am a working Mom with a toddler who could have a more glamourous figure, I am not overweight and pretty obviously not pregnant.  Perhaps it's not fair to give a one star review for this, but what the hell??  Personally, unless I see a baby's head protruding from a woman's body, I NEVER ask her this question.  The food there is good, but it's hard to enjoy it when you've just been basically called a fatty.
4 Awesome! Arrived for lunch happy hour -- Bloody Mary was tasty, the triple Brie grilled cheese with local honey and walnuts was amazing, the beignets were delicious too!!! My hubby had tomato soup and carbonara..no complaints here. Food was excellent! Only thing I would change was the espresso should have been timed for when the dessert arrived. Staff was friendly and atmosphere comfortable. We will be back!
5 This was a great little secluded spot inside of Tivoli Village. It is located on the second floor of what appears to be a creperie on the first floor. There is a bar area with happy hour offerings and a full menu. There is also a more of a quiet secluded restaurant area with a nice view. Our server was great with his suggestions and timing for refills. We decided on a chef's choice cheese platter and a Cab recommended by the server/bartender. Both were great choices. As we were winding down to start selecting dessert we were offered complementary steak and sweet potato mash. Yes please. It was very delicious, especially with the sauce that comes with it. After the impromptu protein fix, we opted for the nutella chocolate cake slice. It was nutella, enough said. Overall, a great little date spot with amazing food and great service and reasonable prices.
1 Food was "innovative"  I suppose and decent tasting . the unfortunate piece was the service and overall lack of etiquette.   4 people went to celebrate a birthday and experienced service that can only be described as tragic: empty drinks,  forgetting about one of the tapas orders, clearing plates without asking and before being finished,  entres coming out 30+ minutes apart with the excuse of "well you wanted it well done", being handed a plate of the chef's cheese selection without being told what any of them were,  removing a purchased bottle of wine with wine still in the bottle, none of the soft drinks or tea listed being available,  absent and unresponsive wait staff,  literally throwing pens on the table for signing the check. We honestly thought they had just opened and were working out some of the glitches... Apparently they have been open for more than a year   I could go on but the bottom line is that one should probably not come to this establishment in search of a romantic or well served evening.
5 1st time here and LOVED it. Atmosphere was perfect with incredible young musicians from LVA. Didn't have a single thing that was not fantastic - brussel sprouts, butternut squash soup, grilled cheese, BLTA flatbread, mushroom risotto and beignets. Definitely something Vegas has been lacking and one of our new favs.
3 There's a lot of potential here.  Let's hope that potential didn't vanish when the original chef moved over to Rick Moonen's Rx Boiler Room. Either way, there's room for improvement. The small plates menu has plenty of familiar items that will appeal to the masses and unique takes on traditional dishes like chicken pot pie nuggets.  The space is rather odd, as it's an open restaurant in the midst of a bunch of shops on the second floor of Tivoli's market. But the furniture is comfy and the view, overlooking the entrance and fountain at Tivoli, is decent, especially at night.  The charcuterie platter and selection of cheeses were good but could have used a wider variety. The mushroom risotto was rich and creamy, but could have used more mushrooms and seasoning and a lot less truffle oil. The tuna tartare nachos were nicely presented (served atop crispy wonton chips) but the tuna didn't seem that fresh. The fried chicken wasn't your typical breaded bird. It was closer to a roasted chicken, sans breading, with crispy skin. It was nicely seasoned and one of the better dishes we tried.  It's a great spot for a date night or a relaxing night with friends for a few drinks. The adjoining bar area was packed during happy hour.
1 Unfortunately I can't give the view wine bar and kitchen a fair review based on what everyone calls the tastiest menu.    We were there last Thursday night,  we were greeted and seated, our waiter took our  wine orders  and after sitting for 24 minutes the wine never came,  we got up and left.  The restaurant wasn't busy at all,  there was another couple seated across from us,  they got plenty of attention from the same waiter we waited for 24 minutes.   Maybe we'll come back on a busier night.
5 Man oh man, what a unique spot in summerlin! Where do I begin? The prices are fantastic...I guess that's a good start. The service is remarkable, particularly the server, Kayla, in the cheese shop! She and the rest of the staff are friendly and great conversation. Happy hour from 5-8 every day - make sure you put that into your daily routine. Cheers!
5 Absolutely LOVE this place!! The food is delicious! It is Tapa's Style - which I love! They have a few entree's available now actually. The Brussel Sprouts are THE BEST! The Risotto Cakes are WONDERFUL! They have Happy Hour every day from 5-8PM in the cheese shop. BTW.. Kayla is a GREAT bartender! You do need to order food to enjoy the Happy Hour, which is no biggy because... why wouldn't you want cheese with your wine! Sometimes it's busy at Happy Hour and you have to wait your turn, but it's worth it! Always good conversation with others and the Bartender.   The only time it was a slightly unpleasant experience was when we decided to try their lunch menu... they place was empty but yet we had to wait an extended period of time for our order to be taken... other than that, this place has always been a very pleasant experience!! We have been here well over 10 times!
4 I like this place, it's "contemporary American" so you can find some twists on old favorites like pot pie and grilled cheese. The portions are small, and there are some nice wines. Could be a good spot for late night. Cool view of the city, however everything was a bit overpriced for the quality/amount in my opinion.
4 i have been here twice on different times of the day and i have to say the food and service is great!  the roasted brussle sprouts and the lobster medallions are amazing.  we didnt care much for the dates, i think because we love fireflys dates.  very pleased with thier wine selection and the oysters were delicious!
2 The food is well conceived but was not executed very well today (fried items coming to the table cold, etc). The service on Saturday afternoon with only a few tables of patrons was terrible. No water refills, slow food, food to the wrong tables, etc. I can see this place getting four or five stars when the A team is on shift in the front and back of the house. Might give it another try someday, might not.
5 So amazing! The food is incredible, the atmosphere excellent, and the wine is delicious! $2 happy hour wine every day!
5 'I'll be here awhile, ain't going nowhere."  I met up with a friend here for late lunch and drinks. I like the ambience.  Some of the menu items look awfully familiar. Oxtail croquettes and chicken pot pie nuggets seem Rx Boiler Room-ish to me. We got lucky we got here during happy hour. $2 mimosas, bellinis and bloody Mary's. Of course, we had glasses upon glasses of all 3 HH drinks. The hostess seemed to have been partaking in happy hour as well - kinda loopy if you ask me. She didn't give us a menu and she asked us if we were ready to order. Uh...  Tivoli Wrapped Dates: Dates with goat cheese wrapped with prosciutto. I love dates, goat cheese and prosciutto...but put them altogether and it seems wrong. Maybe if they rendered the prosciutto and then put crumbles of goat cheese it would've been better. 3/5  Oxtail Croquettes: Meaty, tasty and crispy. I like this version better than RxBR's. 5/5  Fries Poutine: Cheddar, red wine gravy and crisp pork belly. It's a bit different from the Canadian version - this version is better. The ones I've had in Montreal had cheese curds and gravy. The pork belly was a nice touch. The cheese is melted over the fries and the gravy was just sitting at the bottom...so eat this quick before the fries disintegrates in the gravy. 5/5  Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets: Again, this is better than the RxBR version. Meatier and better tasting. 5/5  "But the dawn has come into the endless night and everything's gonna be alright. But at thirty years of age, through frolic in rage. All regressed and healed in time...I will survive"  Another friend came. We made him try what we already ordered. We got a bottle of Proseco hours after HH drinks. The service was very friendly, attentive and extra patient. After spending 9.5 hours here, they turned all the lights on which was our cue that it was 11pm and time for us to end an awesome day...that continued on into the evening. I really like this place.
5 Great ambience, service and quality!  Worth the visit for sure!
5 My family and I just enjoyed a fabulous Happy Hour delight at The View Wine Bar and Kitchen in Tivoli Village, in LV.  The tapas menu is extraordinary.  We enjoyed stuffed dates wrapped in proscuitto and fig, risotto cakes and baked brie with walnuts in  grilled bread, mouth watering delicious.  Coupled with peach bellinis and bloody marys-  simply perfection.  Kudos to the chef, wait staff- namely Christine, and the general manager - Rich Feuerstein, for a most efficient and notable presentation, service and personal attention.  The ambience is very comfortably chic and modern industrial.  This is truly a gem in the crown of Tivoli Village.  Our view, from our table, was most enjoyable in the afternoon sun overlooking the piazza!  Gorgeous!! They also offer a Cheese Shoppe, filled with various wines and cheeses to couple with your favorite taste buds.  Happy Hour in the Cheese Shoppe is 5p-8p daily, and serves up an extensive wine list!!  Make this a must stop on your trip to Tivoli!  It's definitely a magnificent  culinary experience. See you for dinner tomorrow!! Jeannie and Danny NYC
5 I love happy hour at View Wine Bar, I go there all the time. Jordon and all staff members are very nice and friendly, makes you fell like home. I recommend to all my friends.
3 The View Wine Bar epitomizes the very essence of Tivoli Village. It's sophisticated with a modern rustic charm. The view from the window tables is beautiful at night. Take a photo of the view and it looks like you're somewhere on a European vacation. The tapas menu boasts farm to table ingredients and some served on wooden planks. My dining experiences at Tivoli Village have been more about experiencing food and flavors, not so much loading up to satisfy a hunger. The common denominator of Tivoli's restaurants is that all of them are pretty and you don't mind sitting and waiting. There's no rush, enjoy the views and appreciate quality over quantity. Even if the food sucks a little. You hope it's going to be a good experience when a majority of the tapas items look appealing and it's a plus when it lists the ingredients. I like to know what goes into something because I might want to try making it later :)  It didn't take us long to know what we wanted to order. TUNA TARTARE NACHOS - Light and fresh with hints of citrus, avocado, baby arugula and a touch of lime creme served atop a crispy wonton chip. I could have eaten 4 orders just by myself. I think Summerlin in general has a tuna ration. AVOCADO BRUSCHETTA - 4 pieces of toast slathered with guacamole and served with lime wedges. It was good, but essentially guacamole with a light lime creme drizzled on. RISOTTO CAKES - It comes with tomato jam (tasted like chunky ketchup), pesto (delicious), olive tapenade (nice and tangy). The risotto cakes were light and crispy and had a slight citrus flavor that reminded me of eating a cookie. FRIES POUTINE - Pork belly, cheese and wine gravy with large cut potatoes. This was not very good. The pieces of pork belly tasted more like chewy beef and the wine gravy did not compliment the potatoes or cheddar cheese. MARY'S FRIED CHICKEN - This was a big disappointment. It appears that Summerlin does not do fried chicken well at all. The chicken was dark meat and not at all crispy, but rather soggy. The best part of this dish was the roasted brussel sprouts and apple slaw with bourbon raisins. I had never tried roasted brussel sprouts and this was WONDERFUL! I don't know if it's supposed to come with the fried chicken or if the chef just added that on but I'm very happy he did. The sprouts were nice and charred with a sweetness that went well with the apple slaw and raisins. I would come back for this dish. TOMATO SOUP - Meh. Tasted like tangy tomato sauce. No seasoning, very blah.  Service could have been better. The server asked us how everything was, I commented that I didn't care for the soggy chicken and she said they drizzle some kind of oil on it. Why? Isn't fried chicken supposed to be greasy enough? I mentioned that we were celebrating my wife's birthday and the server didn't even ask if we would like to have a birthday dessert. She just handed us the check and walked away. Overall, I appreciated the different "farm fresh" items you don't usually see at a tapas bar, but it's nothing special. The ambiance is what you come here for.  P.S. Watch out for crotchety woman that owns the pet boutique around the corner. She disdainfully reprimanded my wife for calling her doggy a "he" and snapped, "she has a vagina!"...right in front of our daughter. What a freak.
5 I have had the chance to dine/have drinks here on a few occasions.  The service and the ambience really make this place.  Service has always been prompt and attentive.  Each and every visit, a manager or chef has personally stopped by to make sure everyone was enjoying themselves.  The decor is very modern yet classic and makes the dining experience fun.  The views of Tivoli and the location within an artsy, boutique market shop area set this dining experience above a lot of traditional restaurant setups.  The restaurant combines bar area, closed area seating, and open area seating.  The selection of beers and wines are quite excellent.  The beer and wine compliment the cheese selections quite well.  I have really enjoyed the cheese and meat selections chosen by the chef for the charcuterie plates.  Portions are appropriately sized as to allow patrons to enjoy both food and drink.  Over-portioning on the food can diminish the enjoyment of the beverages.  The filet mignon entree is excellent and was served with a well made asparagus side.  I look forward to trying more of the small plates and entrees.
4 Service was great, our glasses were always full. We tried multiple dishes, each was served hot & fresh! We were allowed to sit and enjoy our friends and the great view with few distractions.
5 Happy hour daily 1-3pm $2 Bloody Mary, Bellini or Mimosa's.  Had the avocado bruchetta, Mary's fried chicken and Just fries.  Great ambiance.  Sit at the bar for a great view.  Make sure you go on a Saturday and ask for Ray... 5 star service...he was amazing.
5 first time here and it was wonderful, adequate seating on a Friday night, our waiter was awesome and the food itself was delicious, lamb chop; med rare was great, duck was also good, Brussels sprouts were delicious, lobster Mac and cheese was so-so and had a bottle of chianti as well.  chef mistakenly read our lamb chop order wrong and brought out a flat iron steak which was on the house, flat iron steak is AMAZING, so much flavor and just a good meal and experience all around!   will be back!
5 Excellent wine selection accompanied by great tapas. Our server Christa was amazing. Really kept the wine flowing. Prices aren't too bad either. Very relaxing environment with a touch of an industrious setting. You have to try the wine soaked cheddar!!
3 I went with Anthony M. for dinner after everyone else went home after some drinks.Like always, the company is always the reason to even go out.   I ordered one of the specials, a fish and chips with thai sweet chili sauce. Fish itself was fresh but the batter could have used another minute to get a bit more crisp. Chips were well seasoned, but I expected "chips" as in fries, not as in kettle potato chips.   Service was alright. My water could have used some refill attention, so I just conserved the 2nd glass a bit better since I didn't know if I would get another. We had to transfer tables because our original one had the AC pipe dripping a little.   I can see the potential here so I probably will try it again and make a verdict how I feel about this place. Some of its neighbors are favorites, but I can stand for something new in the mix.
5 Happy hour from 5-8pm ! the food and drinks were amazing! the place is really cozy.... its a really nice and chill place specially if you just wanna sit down, have a few drinks and relax :) Food may not be included with in the happy hour menu but its worth the price! everything is so yummy and our bartender was really really nice!    5 star for this place!!
2 This place is about ambience and atmosphere.  The service was poor and I had the worst wrapped dates ($9) ever.  They were so bad, I couldn't eat them even when I was hungry.  Waste of time and money.
2 The with a group of 20 you would think they could keep the tables with there own checks... Nope, very poor choice to keep the group up so they could charge the 18% for the bad service. We had to wait over a hour for food items and the place wasn't even busy. .... Food was ok drinks were ok also the place really has potential but very bad Managment. We has a very popular restaurant manager with us and he was shocked at the treatment. Separate bills  shouldn't be a issue ..... We liked and hated this establishment.
5 Great place for an intimate get together with friends. Manager, Rich is awesome in facilitating an unforgettable birthday celebration for my hubby . Will def recommend to friends and family!
4 Enjoyed many things about this place.  Bartender was great, super informative and knowledgeable.  Restaurant has a fun creative menu.  Had the chicken pot pie nuggets and have to admit, were just plain good old fashioned comfort food.  Also ordered the burger, which apparently was voted best burger in Vegas, and I may say it does deserve that title.  Meat in the patty could of been seasoned a bit more, but otherwise a delicious burger to which a fried egg was added.  Brussel sprouts had good flavor and sunflower seeds added a nice texture and crunch.  The prosciutto wrapped dates were the only disappointment, Fireflies had that one down and can't be beat. As the bartender stated, "a good solid menu," and I'd have to agree.  Lots to choose from took a while to select my meal.  Their well vodka is wonderful, they carry Prairie which is an organic vodka, super smooth and went well as a dirty martini, the vodka was recommended by the bartender.  Downfalls, the restaurant is a bit confusing and very open on a warehouse type setting.  Has a cheese shop that appears to be a bar but you can't quite make out if they're connected.  This really is not an intimate restaurant.  It is located on the second floor above a crepe shop and I couldn't tell if they were affiliated either.  The "view" would be nicer if it were facing the strip but instead looks down into valet of Tivoli Village, which is not a very busy or exciting view.  Other than that enjoyed my meal, got 10% off food for checking in on Yelp, had great service.  Hope this place makes it!
5 Had a great bartender that was helpful at recommending food and wine that paired perfectly. Had oxtail croquettes, pork belly bites and Caesar with a grilled salmon added on. All was tasty with a good view for people watching. We'll be back!
3 We stopped here last night hoping for a great place to have some wine and goodies. We tried the charcuterie and 5 cheese platters. Delicious!  As was the wine. However our service was horrible from the start.   We sat and weren't greeted by anyone for over 5 minutes and when we were, they had to figure out who our server was. The attention we received for the 3 interactions we had with her in our 2 hour visit was pleasant.  They did have an event and it looked like she was busy there. Which left us unattended after finishing our meal for over 30 minutes. We could have left without paying our bill but after begging someone to find our server, confusion amongst the staff as to who had our table, she brought it over, left it on the table without an apology and walked away. Her tip reflected her service.   Next time we go, we're sitting at the bar.   I had hoped this could be another place my co-workers and I could put in our weekly happy hour rotation, but I'm not making that recommendation just yet.   Fabulous food, wine, decor, view and location!  For all those a 5!  Service needs some work.
4 This place has quickly rocketed to one of our favorite places to dine in Summerlin.  After hearing some great things from friends about this place we finally decided to check out View.  One of the reasons why we haven't dine here sooner is because the location is kind of hidden.  Its located upstairs, along with some eclectic retail shops.  Out of sight, out of mind kind of situation.  Generally speaking everything is served tapas style.  The food presentation is very nice for a tapas style restaurant.  Most tapas places to me are very lazy with the presentation.  The food is presented like mini-entrees, very nice.    What to order: - Meatballs are phenomenal. Served with red sauce, side of toast, salsa and green sauce - Avocado Bruschetta. Nice tangy taste to offset the avocado - Fried chicken is great, white meat.  It is also served on a bed of mixed vegetables - The chicken pot pie nuggets are decent, be careful, its very hot on the inside..Looks like small dumplings. - For dessert, we love the binets as well as the carrot cake.  Basically we like everything we've ordered on the menu so far.  We appreciate the creativity put into every dish.  Like I said some restaurants are not into presentation when it comes to smaller dishes, but everything looks and tastes great here.  We are going to try the cheese dishes the next time!  You may want to check but I think Bellinis and bloody marys are 3 bucks before 3pm on the weekends!
5 The View Wine Bar is my favorite spot in Summerlin. I love the open space with big windows to watch people shopping below. Prices are as expected from Tivoli, and I think it is well worth it to split a bottle of wine or two with friends and leisurely hang around. The View is open for both lunch and dinner, so you can grab a glass of wine anytime.
4 Love this place! I've been there about 4 times, I love the fact that the cheese plate is different everytime! I'm a cheese lover so thats a plus to me, also the fact that they use many local products, like their raw honey. We always sit at the bar and the bartender is always nice and provides good service. Also very good prices, what I dont suggest is the wrapped dates, not really my taste.. Also the blt pizza wasnt good, but the caprese one is, cheese platter one of the best I've tried in vegas, check it out is a nice place to hang out with your friends or with your date
5 In the View Cheese Shop $2 draft wines and $3 select beer. Must order a food item to get the drink specials.
1 Great place for folks with fat, fat wallets.  They'll gladly relieve the strain!  I just wanted a glass of Merlot.  They promptly delivered and said, "that comes to $19.50.  NEVER AGAIN!
4 Wow I always go across the street at echo and rig, went here for the first time.... The place is beautiful!!!! the way it was set up, the decor, amazing food at had there special lobster jambalaya that was delicious, they have good selection of wine as well
5 We came here for an early dinner after an afternoon movie. You really have to know the restaurant is here because the signage is terrible. It's on the second floor over another restaurant. It's worth the climb up the stairs. The layout of the restaurant is quite pretty with huge picture windows. The tables are very far apart so you don't have to put up with your next door neighbor's conversation. The service was excellent. Our waiter Ray came almost immediately after we sat down to get our drink order. He helped us out explaining some of the items on the menu. We started with grilled Caesar salad. If you have never had a grilled Caesar salad, this is a great way to start the meal. And because it has a large amount lettuce, its a good item to share. I ended up ordering the crusted salmon dish. Absolutely delicious with a huge portion of generous portion of rice with an absolutely delicious sauce. My wife split the grilled cheese sandwich with her friend. It turns out that it was more than enough as a shared item. For dessert, three of us shared the beignets.. 7 small beignets for 3 of us to share was more than enough after dinner. they were as good as I remember them being at Cafe Dumont in New Orleans. This restaurant was a great find for us. We will be back soon.
3 Loved the atmosphere! Food so-so. . Too many items were deep fried . Wine list not very extensive. Friends loved the risotto cakes. Tuna tartare nachos were decent.
3 Giving this place 3 stars because the decor rocked, our server guy was sweet, and the cheese platter and wine was actually pretty good. Alas, I don't know if I can get myself to come back to a place that talks bad about its customers right in front of them. No wonder the place was empty. First of all, there is a bar and restaurant section, it was the middle of the day and we had our 6 months old daughter with us, naturally we sat in the restaurant section. The bartender girl had the nerve to give us the stink eye the entire time and say out loud "bringing a crying baby to a wine bar". Our child didn't cry once and I thought this area was nice enough for staff not to have ghetto attitude and manners towards their customers. Shame.
5 Excellent food. Presented  in an eclectic and fun style. Great staff. Enjoyable live music.
4 The concept of home style food done in a refined way is promising. My favorite thing is the atmosphere. The styling is a casual chic, but for all the style, the furnishings were comfortable. Cheese plate was good. The waitstaff was friendly and checked in regularly. The 4 star rating is based largely on the atmosphere.  CON: the food we chose (lobster mashed, poutine, chicken pot pie balls) had a narrow flavor profile, and were slightly under seasoned.   * For a farm to table restaurant, the menu was missing any reference to which local farms provided which food items.  Id try again. Happy hour maybe?
5 The View is a secret gem... Ray was such a awesome bartender.... Drinks are sooooooooooooooo good and fresh no pre-mix bull crap.. Its all fresh and yummy... Yea i said yummy... Check this place out for nice views, awesome drinks and food and mellow vibes and music...
5 Wonderful place! Great wines and cheeses! Oliver gave excellent recommendations for wines...thanks again, Oliver! Atmosphere is so relaxing! I'll be back next time  in Vegas!
3 Good place to hang out with friends and enjoy a cocktail or glass or wine.    It's a bit hard or confusing to find if you're not aware that it is upstairs.  The signs aren't all that helpful in Tivoli Village.  So... NOTE: it's upstairs and at the front of the building so once you go upstairs you'll need to head towards the front of the building.  Service was really good!  It can be a bit loud in there because it's open and airy, but really a nice place to just hang out.  The food was pretty good.  Upscale Comfort Food is the way I'd describe it. The tuna tartare nachos were spectacular.  I'd definitely order that again.    And ... the reason my friend and I went... was for the 1-3pm Happy Afternoon which featured $2 mimosas, bellinis and bloody marys.
5 Love this place! I am here monthly for Arbonne meetings and always look forward to going. The wine is top notch, the atmosphere is elegant and modern, and the food is exquisite. The plates are small, but the perfect size without over eating. My favorites are: mushroom risotto, avocado bruchetta, truffle fries, and tomato soup.
