5 The Where? By the Who? At Which Hotel?...... This was my reaction to randomly stumbling upon the website for the Pompadour whilst in search of somewhere nice for my compulsory 'fancy' meal when my best mate comes to visit. I booked a table here after briefly glancing at the menu even though I had never heard of it. Boy, am I glad I did.  The setting for this fantastic restaurant is rather old-school opulence rather than modern chic. Spot on if you ask me. Amazing views of the castle if you get the right seat too.  I started with a ravioli of rabbit with home made ricotta. YUM.  The main. Holy lord above. That main. I had beef fillet. Cooked to perfection. With Beef Shin and Foie Gras croquettes - tasty little things EVER.  Then for dessert we shared the tarte tatin with cinnamon ice cream. It. Was. Huge.  and utterly scrummy.   We had all this..... appetisers, pre-dessert, petit fours, a glass of champagne and a bottle of wine for about £65 each. AMAZING. Service was spot on. Pleasant, chatty and very efficient.  Dying to go back. Literally dying.
4 Old school sumptuous setting. Great food.  Buuut the service was a let down.  I think Grace summed up the entire experience rather poignantly in her review (we had dinner there together). I, on the other hand, rather enjoyed the lengthy descriptions about the wine, if only because of the entertainment value. My wine palette is just not developed enough to appreciate whichever 'famous' wine grower grew the wine and in precisely what region of where it was grown. I treated it as like a little story telling although we'd forgotten the stuff he said at the beginning by the time he got to the end... ok.. maybe they DID go on a little long.  All of this not aided by the fact that he was so soft spoken, you couldn't hear him half the time.  Stand out dish was the rabbit ravioli, the rest of the food was good but I would expect nothing less from this calibre of restaurant. And to be honest I was expecting a little more 'WOW'... Having stolen tastes of G&S's wine pairing, I think D & I were glad we'd passed on the option and just chose a bottle of wine to go with dinner.  Also beware the after dinner drinks trolley as nothing is priced and imagine our surprise to find that our dram of whiskey cost the same as our bottle of wine!   All in all a fun night out but feel like I got a lot more bang for my buck at The Honours where we'd been the month before.
4 Went to The Pompadour with my folks.  Like the previous reviewers have mentioned the food was exquisite.  I too had the Rabbit Ravioli and it was mighty fine.  The decor is very high end but also a bit old school.  The views from the dining room are good.  The one thing that did feel a bit cold was the service, it did feel we were dining in the 1930's with way too many 'Sir's and Madame's'  it would do them a favour if they gauged their audience a bit better, however, I fear that they constantly expect the Michelin reviewer and act accordingly.  So, in summary the experience is as you would expect of this kind and price of restaurant.  The food is excellent but the atmosphere is a bit more stuffy then it needs to be.
5 We ate at Pompadour last night and can honestly say it was one of the best meals we have ever had. The restaurant itself is absolutely stunning. Classic elegance mixed with breathtaking views of Edinburgh Castle.   The quality of the staff was outstanding, led by the assistant manager Hamish. They were attentive to all of our needs and then some. Hamish did it all, and not just for us but for all the diners. We were amazed by how he seemed to be involved in every aspect of the restaurant and accomplished each task at a level of excellence. Will, who I believe was the sommelier, was also incredibly helpful. The overall professionalism displayed by the staff was incredible.   As for the food, it was simply amazing. My girlfriend started with the Stuffed Loin of Ayrshire Rabbit while I had the Cured Foie Gras. The dishes looked like pieces of art and tasted even better. For mains she had the Slow Cooked Sirloin of Beef and I had the Breast of Duck. These were without question two of the best dishes we have ever had. Everything from the temperature of the meat to the seasoning was perfect. Being a glutton, I selected cheese from the trolley prior to desert. I am convinced that Galvin restaurants have the finest selections of cheeses in the world, and Pompadour did not disappoint. For desert she had the Strawberry and Creamy Yoghurt and I had the Mango Soufflé. This was the perfect end to a perfect meal.   I cannot say enough about how much the service from Hamish and his team added to the overall experience.  We have been to Galvin at Windows and Galvin La Chapelle and have had incredible service at each, but the job done by the entire staff at Pompadour was in a league of its own. We will certainly return!
