2 The space, Sparce, with a counter for taking orders and some outdoor seating and indoor seating. A few obligatory tourist posters are on the wall, as well as a TV blaring Fox news at a slightly higher volume than I would like. Not ear splitting, but it was pretty loud.  But the main thing, is the food.  Sad to say, it was pretty run of the mill, and even though it's only their first week open, I'm still not holding out a lot of hope. I ordered a Gyro Plate and The Bride ordered a falafel plate. The gyro meat tasted like any I could have had at numerous food courts in any mall across the country. the cries were nice, and the pita bread was fresh. the one weird thing was that even though it came with a salad, and the salad had a little bit of feta (I forgot to ask for extra feta, since i love the stuff!) there was NO DRESSING on either of our salads, its almost as if.. well, greek salads didnt need dressing here or something, very odd.  My Brides Falafel was better, not much better than a boxed mix you can get at Fry's, but still a decent portion, and it tasted fine. Her hummus tasted fine, about the same as you can get at Costco, but with a bit more lemon than I like. (personal preference here) I might go back in a month or so and see how their Kabobs are, though the whole meal tasted rather pre-fab which breaks my heart. I was so looking forward to a good Mom and Pop gyro place close by.  The portions were nice though, and the people were friendly.  Perhaps given time they will improve. Currently they don't deliver, and to me, that's really their only hope for survival with so many apartments in the area. Hope others have better experiences!
4 I ordered a gyro platter as take out on my way home from work. I had to wait what I thought was a pretty reasonable amount of time. The meat was ok. But the rice... Amazing. It was yellow, fluffy and I think I tasted a hint of mint in the mix of flavor? I was going to save some for later because I got so much, but ended up finishing it 10 minutes later.  It's the food-related details that make this a place to support. The fresh-tasting red onion and tzatziki (and the warm flatbread) were an excellent compliment to the meat, which, again, was just ok. The fries were well-seasoned and well-cooked (and there were plenty of them.) I will probably try the salad next time, though, because fries overall don't really travel well.  On a whim, I decided to try a piece of the baklava. It's a better price than I had seen around. Trying to cut into it with a fork had me a bit worried; it was a bit tough. The taste, however, was GREAT. Just the right amount if sweet to finish off a dinner. I'll definitely return.
4 Friendly staff. Quick service (order taken as soon as I got to counter - food delivered to table in under 5 minutes.) Pretty standard quality ... but that's OK (we got exactly what we expected to get.) We'll be back.
4 As a gyro lover I have to say YUMMY & TASTY! Over-stuffed, just the way I like'em! The only drawback here is that they keep it cold in their restaurant. Bring a jacket,
2 Much better Greek places in the vicinity that are worth the extra few miles. The service was prompt and courteous but that only does so much if your food isn't great! I got the chicken gyro with fries. The chicken was extremely dry with little flavor and only came with a small amount of sauce. The fries seemed a bit undercooked but I did enjoy the Parmesan dusting. I may return again to give them a second chance but wouldn't recommend them to anyone.
5 Great food, and reasonable price! Real Greek family run. Authentic!
4 We have been here twice. The lady at the counter is not welcoming. It seemed like a bother for her to take our order both times. The falafel pita, dolmas and fish were excellent though. It's a very open and bright restaurant. We didn't like the hummus here. It had something pink on top of it and tasted very odd.
4 The wife and I have eaten here a few times. I know they had a few issues at the beginning trying to get it all running smoothly, but they seem to have gotten it together. One of the getter Mediterranean style food places I have had in this area. We have tried multiple items on the menu and have not had a bad experience with any of it. Service is fast and friendly.
4 The food was good here.  The service was okay.  The atmosphere could use some work, but it is a basic Gyro shop.
5 Very good food.  First time there and will definitely return.  Gyro meet melted in our mouths and the pita bread was warm & fresh.  The people there were very cordial and welcoming.  I would highly recommend this place.
5 I love this place even more now. I ordered the wrong veggie pita and they fixed it for me!!!!!!  I had been dying for the grilled veggie pita and I hadn't had it in at least a month.  I guess they also have a veggie pita that is more like a salad pita with hummus.  I ordered the latter without realizing my mistake.  The owner brought it over to my table (that's right, the owners literally bring your food out to you) and when he realized my mistake, without hesitation, said he would fix it.  He made my day!  The pita was as delicious as ever!!!!
5 Had the Gyro with a Greek salad, humus, and some dolmas.  Yum!  Pita bread was very soft and warm.  Salad was fresh.  And he said the dolmas were homemade and they tasted very good.  We will be back.
4 A really great place to stop and get a bite to eat!  Friendly service and decent portions!  Try the desserts!
5 This place is fantastic. The food is really good. I always get the gyro. The salad is great. Hummus is ok. Pitas are warm and delicious. It is small, sort of mom and pop. Yummy!
5 Tried Gyro House for the first time today.  I really liked it and will be back.  I had a  gyro it was very good with salad which was  also very good.  I also tried the falafel which I loved.  The restaurant is clean. That is a plus in my book.
5 Gyro House was a hit! We had Original Gyros with Greek salads and they were delicious! The service was excellent, servings were large and prices reasonable. We were too full for desert but brought baklava home for a midnight snack.   I can't say enough good things about this place!
5 Great gyros! And that means a lot because there are several places out there that don't make good gyros.I really love the owner too, he is so sweet and always makes us feel welcome. If you want true authentic Greek food come here!
4 What a wonderful surprise!! I stopped here on a whim, really hungry and not wanting to order fast food through a drive-thru. The staff was super friendly and accommodating even though I ordered for take-away.   The price point is just right. I ordered the falafel pita with fries, as well as baklava. I took a bite of the baklava while I waited and it was delicious even though it was not fresh or made in-house.  I drove home to eat the food and was immediately surprised at how awesome it was. Probably the best falafel I've had in the valley. They kindly put the taziki sauce in a small container so the sandwich wouldn't be soggy by the time I got home. They also did not put a million pounds of iceberg lettuce on it, like other places do. The fries were still very hot and seasoned just right!  There is ZERO curb appeal and the layout is awkward, but don't let that stop you from going in. I will definitely go back!
5 Just ate their for the first time, definitely won't be my last! Greek salad with chicken is lights out.
4 This restaurant was right next to a contracting school I was taking, and I was very glad I stopped in here for lunch.  Loved my Gyro so much I had to go in the next day to take the lady's suggestion of trying the Chicken Shawarma!  You can't go wrong with either selection.  Pita bread was very fresh and very tasty as well.
5 My new favorite for gyros! So, long My Big Fat Greek Restaurant! This is truly authentic food. I haven't had this good of shawarma since I was in Turkey.
