4 Let 's see...  First, they've only been open a week so some of the shortcomings are due to that.  Hopefully, none of the good stuff is because they're just trying harder since they just opened.  The above being said....  - I learned a long time ago, that you can't eat ambiance.  However,  from an ambiance/vibe perspective (I think I just thew up in my mouth saying that) Chop reminds me of places like Eddie Vs and that ilk in Scottsdale.  If that's what they were striving for I think they did ok.  If not well now would be a good time to adjust fire.  - So food...since that's all you can really eat.  Actually pretty good.  Ordered the chop (pork) and small fillet.  Both were actually pretty good.  However, what ever they coat/marinate the chop in has a high sugar content so when it cooks it tends to burn (not char, not crust...burn).  Nevertheless tha chop was good.  The filet was also good.  Good quality, cooked properly.  The compound butter they put on the steak...meh.  - Veggies.  I had a wedge salad.  Quite good.  Bacon was good, bleu cheese dressing was some of the best I've had anywhere.  As for the lettuce...when I order a wedge salad at most places I get between 1/4 and an 1/8th of a head of ice burg.  Not here...it was actually a small serving and wasn't "wedge" shaped at all.  Bottom line...I could have used a little more lettuce.  However, it was only $5 bucks...so what am I complaining about??  The chop came with fries...they were serviceable.  The broccoli that came with the steak was kind of a miss.  For what ever reason they serve it with a sprinkle of parmigiano on top....a real big MEH on that one.  Time to go to plan b...or at least come up with a plan b.  Service was good but spotty.  I attribute (for now anyway) more to the fact the place has only been open for 7 days.  Overall, I'd go back.  I gave them a 4 based on potential.  But if I go back in 2 months (if not well sooner) and they have some of the same issues then I'll start to think they're systemic versus new place things they need to work out.
4 This is a new Chandler steakhouse restaurant down in the Ocotillo area, owned by the same owners of the Living Room and Sushi room next door..Just opened 2 weeks ago so we were excited to see what they were bringing new to the area, plus the reviews have been mixed.  We went early on a weekday for appetizers and wine to avoid any dinner rush.  The atmosphere is really nice here, very intimate, not loud like the sister restaurant (Living Room)..We sat at the bar, the 2 bartenders (Julie and Jazzlyn) were extremely  nice and efficient. Wine list is good, not great but what was really good here were the appetizers.  We had the grilled artichoke and smoked salmon and both of these were large portions and very good.  This was enough for us as a dinner.   We left by 6pm or so and by that time more people were filtering in for dinner and bar.  We had a very good experience here and will definitely be back given that there are very few higher end restaurants in the south Chandler area, but it's great to see new places opening.
3 My first cut of this update was really nasty.  The good news the food is good.  The service was good.  The bad news it was too damn cold in the restaurant.  It was too cold because the staff had the doors wide open for the first  15 minutes we were in the place (had to ask to have the doors closed).  After about another 15 minutes or so, one of the owners/managers/investors (who was there to eat) decided he was cold and wanted the heat turned down and the doors opened. They didn't open the doors but turning the heat down succeeded in making the place cold again.  WTF people??  As I said, my first cut on this was nasty and I rated them a 1 star (the owner/manger/investor really hacked me off) but after further review that might not be fair.
4 Awesome place, we really liked the ambiance, warm and inviting. The aromas upon entering are fantastic! The artichoke appetizer was plentiful and tasty. The pork chop was juicy and very thick. The service was a little off but they've only been two weeks so I'm sure they will fix.
5 Had a perfect night with friends here. The food was great! The grilled artichoke appetizer was so good that I'll be back just for that. I had the baby back ribs. I tend to order ribs at most steakhouses I go to. These were the best I've had in recent memory.  I would highly recommend Chop. Best steakhouse I've been to in AZ.
5 We had an all around wonderful dinner at CHoP. The ambiance was sophisticated and comfortable. We started with the smoky mesquite grilled artichoke appetizer which was fantastic!! I had the prime rib with a side of mushrooms. The prime rib was cooked perfectly and the mushrooms added an elegant and delicious touch. My husband enjoyed the baby back ribs. They had a uniquely spicy edge, which he really liked. For dessert we tried the Oreo ice cream sandwich and the pecan torte. Both were amazing!!! We will definitely be returning!
5 Oh my goodness, can't wait to get back to CHoP.  We went with 5 other people and decided to share everything to get a good feel for the menu.  For apps we had the artichokes, which were out of this world.  Just the right texture and smokey flavor.  We also had the salmon app and fries, both were soo good.  The sauces with everything were beyond great too! For meals we had collectively: Salmon with pesto....loved this dish, the salmon was not overwhelmed but complimented by the sauce.   Filet...ummm amazing.  Cooked to perfection with a delicious butter on top. Ribs....really good, tender.  The sauce does have a kick, which was ok by me! Trout   I feel like you don't see trout on the menu in AZ very often, being from the Midwest I was a little skeptical, but it was delicious, seasoned and cooked perfect and the portion was enormous!  Overall, I loved the atmosphere, the waitstaff was so friendly and the food was awesome.  This is a great date night spot or would be a great girls night out!  I can't wait to get back!
4 I get a little suspicious every time I see a really good or a really bad review of somebody who happens to have below FIVE reviews on Yelp in more than a year.   Come on, people, grow up. If you're competitors/haters, grow up. If you're BFF with the owner, don't comment or try to be as objective as you can. If you had a pretty bad experience but are not planning to be part of the Yelp community, send a letter to the manager/owner.  With Chop I kindly recommend to dismiss the nasty reviews and give the place a try.  I'm not affiliate to the place or the owners so I feel free to say what I think.  The ambiance and decor is great. The service was pretty good (Shanen I believe was the waitress name) and the food was above good.  I had the small filet, a 7 oz which seems more like a 9oz with a good side of broccoli with tasteful cheese. It was cook to perfection. My only complain would be the unnecessary scoop of butter (or some kind of rub alike) on the top.   The price was pretty decent in comparison with other steak houses.  Remember that it's a new place so they have to work in tuning things up but all in all, it's a great addition to Chandler and I'll definitely go back.  Maybe next time I'll sit a the bar to review that section of the place.  Cheers.
2 Ate there Dec 29th.  Had Idaho Trout, Salmon, Rack of ribs, tendorloin and artichokes.  Both fish were uneventful, pretty bland...expensive, I have had much better for the price.  Ribs, little meat and tasted like they boiled them before they were grilled, no flavor other than some pretty lame BBQ sauce.  Tendorloin was undercooked and tough, again little flavor.  Artichokes were pretty good, cut in half and grilled seasoned very nicely.  In summary, expensive, wine list is nothing to get very excited about and like everything else expensive for what you get.  Thought we were supposed to get bread and didn't, service was OK, albeit slow at times.  Think I will wait for sometime before going back, maybe it will get better, if not they won't be around very long.
4 The atmosphere is sexy, the service was great and the food was really good. My husband and I have both been in the service industry at high end restaurants. Our bartender Chris gave great service, the food came out in good time and our over all experience was great. I agree with some other posts that a newly opened restaurant is going to make some mistakes, but this place has great potential for the long haul.
5 Love the bar. the service is awesome!!!
4 Great food in a pleasant atmosphere!  New from the Owner of The Sushi Room and The Living Room.  This was our first time here and we will be back!  The Seared Ahi Tuna appetizer was so perfectly done and seasoned that we dared not insult it by dipping it in the soy sauce.  I had the Maui Rib-Eye and my wife had the Filet, both were cooked perfectly and delicious.  The broccoli was served with a little lemon juice and topped with freshly grated parmesan and again, cooked to perfection.  I had the sautéed mushrooms with my steak and we fought over the last bite!  Both meals were served on a nice hot plate and the service was excellent.  We [I] decided on the lemon crème brulee for desert and again we fought over the last bite.  The ambiance is can be very romantic and they also have a nice, well stocked bar area if you choose to just hang out and watch the games.  All-in-all we were very pleased with everything and again, we'll be back.  Highly recommended!
4 My husband and I had a wonderful time at CHoP!!! Our dinner was delicious and the Oreo dessert was amazing!! The only issue we had was that the front of the restaurant was a little plain. We will be going back very soon!
3 Some good, some bad.  First the good, I like the atmosphere, dark cozy and a bit quieter than their sister place the Cougar errr I mean Living Room down the way.    The Happy Hour is top notch $5.00 glasses of wine, beer and well mix drinks.  The food selection on the HH menu was also decent and what we had was very good.  Service was attentive even though the bar is rather small it was packed and the two bartenders were running around constantly.  They were also friendly and knowledgeable which is always a plus.  Now onto the bad.  My wife and I split the Maui Rib-eye, I think the price was $30.00.  Now don't get me wrong I have NO problem paying $30.00 for a steak with no side,  it is the norm in most fine dining steakhouses, however when this one arrived it was not a $30.00 steak.  The rib-eye was thin, way to much grizzle around the outside, cmon guys trim it a bit?  And to be honest I have purchased better cuts of steaks at Costco and Fry's. After my wife's first bite she said you can cook them better too.  The point of going to a fine dining steakhouse is to get a steak I don't want to pay $30 for at Whole Foods or AJ's.    We will no doubt go back for Happy Hour, but not so sure about having steak at a place called Chop is kind of disappointing.
3 Very nice ambiance and definitely the place for a date/couples night. I was so looking forward to amazing surprises. imagine a dish called "awesome fries"... Not as good as the fast food kind. I did like the service although the waiter knew NOTHING about wine. We just wanted a nice fruity wine he should know that, instead we sampled three tart dry wines and he lost out on a nicer tip and that pricey bottle. I had a good night with the company but doubt I will visit again. Maybe they are still new and need some practice? Hopefully they will get it right. With a $250 bill I would rather grill up some great steaks at home. It's worth the try, maybe I came to visit on a bad night?
4 We went to the new place in Chandler, related to the other two in the Ocotillo shopping center, and the bar was full on a Wednesday Nite (January 30, 2013) with patrons having a great time.  We were seated in the bar area, as a group had reserved the large meeting room to the right as you come in the doors.  We have nothing but praise for the place.  The Happy Hour prices on wines, the appetizer (grilled artichokes) and the service was great.  $5 for a glass of great Cab?  Are you kidding me?  It was great.  We had two glasses over the course of the evening.  We had the petite fillet, (the baked potato for $5 was larger than the fillet) and both were excellent.  Done to perfection.  The wedge salad and the trimmings were cold, and tasty.  The FRESH IDAHO TROUT ((yes I need to shout out that dish) was wonderful, tasty, grilled to perfection, and no bones...All in all a great place, lively, a full  crowd but not rowdy...Yes, it was a little pricey, but not any more than I would have expected for a great steakhouse.  It will be a place to go to, any time, but hurry, as it fills up early...Here is to a great opening and a long tenure here in Chandler..
4 My husband and I went for a date night here last night and loved the ambience, from the lighting to the aroma of yummy food.  My husband was able to call ahead to make reservations and we were immediately seated after walking in for our 5:30pm reservation.    We had Chris for our waiter who was very nice.  I had asked about a merlot to try and after tasting I wanted a more "smoky" wine.  Chris was very nice but not very wine knowledgeable so I asked if he could ck with the bartender.  We were very impressed to have the bar tender come over to our table and personally talk with us.  They didn't offer a smoky flavored wine by the glass but offered a bottle.  I just wanted a single glass of wine so I chose to have a different drink.  He then asked if we were locals and what wine we were looking for.  I told him yes and a favorite red wine of mine is called "Pazo". He said he would add it to their lists of wine to order as they would be offering over 100 plus wines in the near future.  We ordered the spinach and chips appetizer and it was perfect portion as well as super fresh and delectably delightful starter to our meal.  We then had a house salad and a Cesar salad and enjoyed both, perfect portions and fresh, crisp lettuce and veggies.  My husband ordered pesto salmon with Brussels sprouts and it was melt in your mouth wonderful.    I ordered the filet and a baked potato that was extremely tender and had an aromatic flavoring with the maple butter flavoring.  We finished our enjoyable meal with a lemon creme brûlée and it was off the hook with a twist of lemon flavor.  We will definitely be back to Chop as it was a great experience with a fun, romantic atmosphere.  My husband made mention he loved the wall behind the bar.  The wall was floor to ceiling shelves with alcohol bottles and sheer lighting behind setting the perfect mood for a date night.  Enjoy, we highly recommend!
2 If I were to rate this place on the aesthetics alone, it would be an enthusiastic five stars. You would not expect to find someplace this cool in a suburban strip mall. The interior looked sleek and modern with a lot of dark hardwood and smooth and shiny bartop/tabletops and huge mirrors on the walls. The booths and tables were all leather and although they looked minimalist in design were actually very comfortable. The dim lighting added to the ambiance and was very cool looking: some neutral toned boxy Chinese lantern style lights above the tables, huge dome lights that seemed to be made from some kind of found objects from the early industrial age, and really snazzy back lighting at the bar area that up-lit the liquor bottles in a really cool way and highlighted the exposed (but tastefully painted black) pipes and duct work running across the ceiling. The best part was they played some really awesome music for us to enjoy while we ate our meal. No annoying pop songs or boring elevator music, their soundtrack could have been straight from Sirius satellite radio's AltNation station (which is the coolest radio station on the planet). Also, it didn't hurt that the bartenders and servers were all young and cute. Although, ours was not particularly good at her job and none of them stirred an inch when we walked in the door until after we had been standing there uncertainly for about 10 minutes.  The food was tasty, but not good enough to justify the bill. We spent $120 for the hubby and I but the food was just ok. They seemed to be pricing themselves at the level of an upscale steakhouse... but they aren't. My husband ordered the $38 NY strip and said that it tasted pretty much the same as the steak we usually make at home. I ordered the Maui ribeye for $30. After the waitress had described what was in the marinade, I expected many levels of flavor from the ginger and various other elements but really all I tasted was the pineapple, especially on the seared outside where the juice had carmelized. I am sure there are people out there who may like an overly sweet steak but not me. The choices for side dishes were boring and unoriginal... various permutations of the potato, sauteed veggies, etc. The only one that sounded interesting was the barley salad but I did not think that would go well with steak so I ordered the sweet potato fries and he got the regular fries. We both agreed we'd had better fries at a fast food restaurant. The best part of the meal was the potato soup which was very flavorful but also a little too rich and wasn't nearly as hot as it should have been when it was served to us. For the dessert we got the lemon zest creme brulee which was basically just creme brulee (I could not detect any tartness in it whatsoever).  The plus side is that they have a pretty good beer list and those were all reasonably priced ($4 or $5). I think we would come back for a light supper (they did have some burgers on the menu for only $12) or happy hour. Unfortunately, their wine was also drastically overpriced with glasses from $7 to $14 for very low-end wines that would retail around $8-15 a bottle; but from 4-6 pm daily those would have been $5 as well so thats a good thing. It's too bad they are so greedily trying to price gouge the wealthy Ocotillo residents; otherwise this would have likely become our new favorite place for a nice steak dinner but with The Keg just up the road why would you spend more for an inferior meal?
5 Went on a date with my husband last night. First off, the decor is beautiful, and the ambiance is fantastic. This is one of the coolest looking restaurants in the valley, and I have to admit we were surprised to see something so beautiful in a strip mall.   We were a little early for our reservation and had to wait at the bar before our table was ready, but even though it was really busy, the bar staff was very helpful and attentive. I ordered an Ocotillo Sunset which was like a martini with peach vodka and lime, and fruit juice. It was awesome. I ordered another one when we sat down, and I rarely do that.  I have to confess that artichokes are one of my all time favorite foods, and they have grilled artichokes as a special. Apparently, they aren't always on the menu, but they were last night, and they were amazing. They were perfectly grilled, and they came with a dipping sauce that was the perfect compliment. I figured that would be the highlight of the meal but I was wrong.  I ordered the sirloin steak with a baked potato, and my husband ordered the pork chop. Both were cooked exactly as we ordered them. Odd to focus on the side dishes, but my baked potato was huge, and I ended up finishing the whole thing because it was so good, and the cole slaw that came with my husbands pork chop was really good too. It was an asian style slaw and it was very light with just a hint of peanut flavor.  However, the highlight of the night for me was the dessert. We almost never order dessert when we go out, but I saw the peanut butter brownie on the menu and had to try it. First let me say that my husband ordered the creme brulee. It's his favorite dessert, and he really like the one from CHoP. It had a lemon flavor to it, and he said it was great. However, we both agreed that the peanut butter brownie was the better dessert by far.  All in all, fantastic meal. CHoP is a bit of drive from our house, but I'm sure we will be heading down there again. I would highly recommend it.
2 I read the other reviews and some were similar if not spot on.  I went here for my Birthday (Mid February) The ambiance was great and fortunately for us the company was even better. The decor and feel of the restaurant is awesome and what I'm looking for in a quality chop house.  The service was good however, like Tanya's review our waiter didn't know anything about the wine.  Unfortunately, the food didn't hold up to what I hoped it would be.  I got the Pork Chop.  It was a solid piece of meat however it was dry and lacked the flavor I was hoping for.  Additionally, my baked potato was not fully cooked and I couldn't eat it?  My wife got the chicken which she was happy with but her side of mac n cheese was super dry as well.  The company we were with got the fillet.  It was OK but for $38 I was expecting it to be great.  Ive had better steaks for a lot less.  Anyhow, I was really hoping it would be great but the food was well below expectations.  Very doubtful Ill go back, Id rather go to Flemings or Houston's.
4 Not bad at all, kind of dark inside...would make for a solid date place.  A bit overpriced but the meals are large.  Only downside was the side dishes, you only get one choice then it's al la cart for $5 a piece.  Around the table we had the salmon and trout, both good.  The ribeye was unique with a pineapple/citrus flavor, I liked it.  Ordered a kiltlifter and was only chared $2.50 so that was awesome, for not even sitting at the bar.  Would go to this place atleast once or twice a month.
4 My boyfriend and I are BIG fans of CHoP! It's down the street from our house and we've been 4times since opening. Food has always been great, I go for the Salmon, my BF likes the steak, either way you can't go wrong! We prefer the bar over a table, all the bar tenders are super nice and always remember us! We will be back time and time again!
4 This was our first time at CHoP. We started with two martinis and spinach dip. Both were delicious. Then we each got a wedge salad which was awesome. The dressing really made the salad. We split the filet which was OK.  We ordered medium rare and it came out more medium, but it was still delicious.  For dessert we split the pecan tarte which was awesome.  We will definitely be back!
4 I was back for dinner last night and got the filet again and it was PERFECT!!!! The food and service here is great, the happy hour specials are also available in the entire restaurant, so everyday from 4-6 you can get some amazing specials.  Definitely check this place out if you are in the area.  Sooooo good!
4 Probably my new favorite date night location. Terrific service ... Friendly, informative, and they pay attention to details. Food was delicious and fresh!
4 Service: Standard, nothing to write home about. Decor: Romantic, dark and rustic Cuisine: Large portions, big enough to split with partner.  Wine: Nice selection. I adored Uppercut. Spirits: Well-made.  An oops on my husband's after dinner drink, the bartender actually caught upon service though. Entertainment: I love anywhere with live music and could careless how good they are if they have a good vibe! Cheers!
1 We went to Chop to celebrate a friend's birthday.   We heard wonderful reviews about the restaurant and it was the worse experience of my life.  We had reservations at 7 pm on the patio but because its Arizona and still pretty warm we decided to get a table in doors.   It took the waitress 30 plus minutes just to take our drink orders.   Once we got inside the waitress took off (didn't see her for another 15 minutes).  When she came back she was ready to leave again assuming that we were not ready to order we had to quickly interrupt her to let her know we were.  I order the baseball steak medium and Mac n cheese.  My sister order the marinated steak medium with mac n cheese.   It took 2 hours for our food to come out.  The waitress was great at excuses the reason it took so long is the cooks were making sure the steaks were well done (others in our party, ordered well done).  Also I noticed the lighting is very dark in there (I think it's so you can't really look at your food).  When the steaks finally came out, they were well done to burnt.  I asked for a bite of my sisters steak and all I could taste was the burnt marinade.  The mac n cheese was horrible over cooked noodles with no cheese and very dry (wasn't creamy at all).  The baked potato the others in the party got were undercooked.  Now how do you under cook a potato and over cook a steak?  It is a steakhouse right?!?  The waitress asked how the food was and I told her, terrible.  The manager came over and offer some desserts (which was nice).  The birthday girl ordered lemon brûlée, we ordered the key lime pie and we ordered the Oreo dessert.  5 minutes later the waitress comes back and says there isn't anymore lemon cream brûlée.  So the birthday girl orders the Oreo dessert as well.  The waitress comes back puts a Oreo dessert in front of someone in our party with a candle and tries to light the candle (it wasn't the birthday girl mind you).  We had to stop her telling it was the wrong person, after that incident the waitress didn't come back at all.  There were a few others things that happened but I would be here all morning writing it.  My personal opinion is save your money and don't waste your time going to Chop, it's not worth it!
1 We tried CHoP last weekend. We went in with the intention to sit at the bar, order a couple glasses of wine (or more), have an app, salad and an entree. (woo date night!)  When we walked in, we were immediately impressed with the decor/ambiance. It was  a nice (upscale) change from the typical places in the Chandler area.   We found a seat at the bar and ordered two glasses of wine while we perused the menu. Try to stay 'healthy' we decided on chicken satay, a salad and the pork chops.   The wine was delicious, and the wine menu was impressive.  Then the chicken satay came out......  I took the first bite and tried to figure out if I really liked the over-seasoned taste, or if it was 'too much' - at the same time I realized that something was just 'off.'  My husband took a bite and said "uh, this is undercooked."   He cut the chicken down the middle to separate it from the skewer. The chicken was RAW! not just pink. RAW. If you have been to CHoP then you know it is really dark in there. The chicken was SO raw that you could even see it in the dark.  I immediately spit out my second bite that i had taken in the meantime. The bar waitress notices, asks us if there is an issue, to which we reply "ya, this is raw."   She looked concerned, but not mortified like we were that we just ate raw chicken.   She asked if we wanted to order a different appetizer. Confused as to what just happened, we both said "sure." But as we looked at the menu (remembering that we ordered pork for the  entree....and raw pork is pretty bad, too), we decided to cancel our order and go to Sauce.   In the mean time, when our bartender heard what happened, she came over and said "well, the good news is that as long as it reached a certain temperature, it shouldn't do any harm." (ummmm....huh?). My husband replied "if it was raw, then it didn't reach a certain temperature, trust me."   So - they comp'd our drinks (which was nice). But I was a little put off that the manager/owner didn't want to talk to us. Maybe we left too soon?
4 My husband and I went there for the first time on Thursdays "Date Night" where you get a four-course meal for $39.00. That means both appetizers and dessert are FREE. The best part of the meal hands down was the artichoke appetizer. It was absolutely delicious! We also shared the wedge salad-a classic. For entrees we shared the skirt steak and chicken palliard. I was really pleased to find out they serve all local meat, and the entrees were good (I liked the chicken entree better as I found the steak very boring and bland). For dessert we shared the pecan torte...pretty good. We would definitely go back for date night.
4 We had a wonderful birthday celebration meal there, everyone's meal was delicious. We did have trouble seeing the interior and reading the menus as it was so dark in there.
5 Food was excellent!  Atmosphere was friendly, yet cozy and private at the same time.  I took my daughter there for her 13th birthday, and we both loved it.
2 I really wanted to like this place:  we were meeting old friends we hadn't seen in years, it was my husband's birthday, and we traveled 40 minutes to eat here.  So, we tried to pass off the negative reviews as sour grapes and went in with a hopeful attitude.  What I gathered by the end of the evening is that Chop seems to want to find a magical combination of special-occasion restaurant and affordable (read, busy) hangout, yet succeeds at neither.  From the get-go, we experienced disorganization and lack of training (both of which are essential ingredients of those "quality" steakhouses), and the food did not measure up to its not-exactly-affordable prices.         The first question mark came when I called for reservations.  I got a voice on an answering machine, which asked for all the pertinent details, but then said "If we CAN'T fit you in, we'll call you back."  (???)   Luckily we had no issues there.  The place wasn't too crowded, even though it was a Saturday (hmmm...).  When we arrived, we wondered, as other reviewers did, why there was no host station in the front.  There were, however, at least three hostesses or servers near the entrance as we arrived, most of them chatting with the large group in front of us.  One young woman greeted us with a "hi!" but made no move to seat us or give further instruction.   (What happened to the standard "Welcome to___!  Can I help you?")  Luckily, the rest of our party was already seated and we saw them easily (it's a small place).           After drinks, we had our first real setback.  We ordered two servings of the grilled artichoke appetizers, which were horrible--blackened/burnt on the outside, with the heart scooped out of the inside (probably to make the spinach artichoke dip).  Worse, the 'chokes were the size of a child's fist.  We picked a few of the halves apart and attempted to eat some of it,  but found only a few edible bites at best-- definitely not worth $9.50.  When we told the waitress politely that we were dissatisfied, she looked like a deer in the headlights.   She had a pleasant, breezy attitude, but it was as if she wasn't trained, or didn't want to respond to anything beyond "everything's great."  No offer to reorder the food, replace it with a different appetizer, or take it off the bill.  (Any one of these Standard Operating Procedures would have been fine, but alas, we only got a stare and a smile.)   We also ordered bread, which took over ten minutes to arrive.  When we reminded her about it after our food was served, she told us a little curtly that it "has to be prepared." Turns out the bread (only four pieces for six of us??)  was also grilled, and the charred stripes were bitter and unpleasant-tasting.  (Note to management:  a good bread basket would be easier on your staff, and more pleasing to your patrons.)            The main courses were decent overall, but not outstanding.  The menu is tame and nothing says, "wow, I want to try that!" or "I come here for the ____; can't get that anywhere else."  Three of us had the baseball sirloins, which were cooked well but on the chewy side, on par with Outback's cheaper cuts..  The loaded baked potatoes, however, were gigantic and filling.  Our friend's salmon was moist, but my husband's chicken paillard was overcooked and quite dry, which is his pet peeve.  However, by this time the waitress made only very brief appearances, and he felt it wasn't worth the effort to send it back.  When she brought dessert menus, three of us told her that it was my husband's birthday, yet again, it was deer-in-the-headlights, and no offer of a free dessert  (???).  Still, two of us decided to try the key lime pie (on special) and the lemon crème brulee.  The pie had a great crust and was the best part of the meal, which cheered us up slightly.  The brulee was okay, but served warm (I'm used to it being chilled, but that's me).            As others here have pointed out, there are many great steakhouses in town, and if Chop wants to play with the big boys, they need to take some cues from Maestro's and Donovan's (still the best in the Valley imho, but a fair drive from Chandler).  First, EVERYTHING that comes out of the kitchen needs to be perfectly prepared:  nothing overcooked, ever!  Also, consider more innovative dishes.  Next, service must also be trained to pick up on and meet customer's needs.  This includes having a streamlined seating procedure.  C'mon!  They've been open for more than a year, these kinks really should have been worked out by now.  I have to agree with the poster who doubted the restaurant would survive a year.  There's just too many good restaurants to choose from in this town to settle for a mediocre meal and poor service, with a $270.00 tab (that's with a Groupon deal).    So I have to wonder if the glowing reviews here weren't written by employees or their friends.  Chops gets a "C" grade at best, and all six people in our party agreed that it's not worth a return visit.
1 Luckily I had a Groupon!!! I'll start off by saying I went to the KEG the weekend before and ordered the Baseball cut Top Sirloin steak and it was huge and tasted great, so My wife and I decided to order the same thing here...BIG MISTAKE!!! We both requested  med. rare and they both came out burnt and tasted like charcoal. And instead of complaining I asked for some A1 sauce and the server gave me a look like I was a escaped convict. My two kids ordered the mac & cheese... HORRIBLE no taste what so ever,sent them back. My son ordered a grilled cheese sandwich and my daughter the grilled chicken. The grilled cheese was ok but the chicken came out with BBQ sauce on it and of course she hates BBQ sauce. Nowhere on the menu did it say it had that sauce on it. Needless to say I will never go back there again and already have told a lot of people about my experience there. LUCKILY I HAD A GROUPON!!!
3 My husband and I went to Chop for our Anniversary.  I had purchased a Groupon about 2 months ago and thought we could try it out.  I'm always worried how we will be treated when we tell the place that we are using a Groupon but in my opinion, it's a good way to try a place out.  Let me say this:  the food was wonderful.  Everything we ate was wonderful and had a lot of flavor.  The only bad thing about the food was that my husbands med-rare steak was over cooked, otherwise, we enjoyed everything else.    Service - in a nutshell, was horrid.  We ordered bottled water and 10 minutes later, she brought us two glasses of tap.  As we ordered, she was very curt, short and acted like she couldn't be bothered.  Wine came out when we were done with our appetizers.  She didn't bring anything to our table - besides the tap water.  As a matter of fact, the Chef came to our table to ask how everything was, and we said "food is great".  He bussed our table, also took our dessert order and dropped off our check.  We never saw her again.  Husband requested a glass of red to go with his steak, and barely got it before the last bite.  She was all over 2 other tables in her section, but ours and the table next to us - barely got a glance the whole night.    Atmosphere was swanky and fun.  It was loud and fun, but certainly not a place for a romantic evening, but that didn't matter, we enjoyed it.  Will we be back?  If they get better servers - certainly!  And we still tipped well because we didn't want to be those people who tip bad just because we had a Groupon.  Stupid us.  Bottom line, get better servers
4 Made our first visit to Chop last weekend and really enjoyed our experience. I can't believe we hadn't heard of this before! Great ambiance, service was awesome (every employee we encountered seemed happy and welcoming), and the food was even better! Being a ribs guy, guess what I ordered? Their baby backs...and it was delicious! I'm not a huge steak fan, but the filet mignon was amazing too. We had reservations (Sat night) to be on the safe side and when we left after 6 it was already filling up pretty quick. I hate listing downsides, but the menu seemed like it was a taaad bit pricey. No other complaints though. I like.
3 I had purchased a Groupon awhile ago and we were very excited to try them.  The menu online looks fantastic, however it was not fantastic.  I don't think the price and quality of food match. We ordered the Downtown Fries for an appetizer and they were very good.  Both of our drinks were also very good.  When it came to the entree's and sides the quality wasn't really there. I ordered the ribs, they are $24 and come with a side. My friend tried one before I did and let me know they were cold.  I'm not talking room temperature, maybe had to sit under a warmer while waiting for the entree, I'm saying they were cold.  I sent them back, they came out maybe 5 minutes later, they were still cool too the touch but I was starving so I said it was fine. The weird part is it was only half the rack, half was warm and the other half was cold.  The flavor was good but it was difficult to eat because they were cold. The waitress did apologize and the runner who brought them back out apologized for them being cold.  My friend had the handcut ribeye and he said it was very good and he enjoyed it.  I tried his macaroni and cheese, it had a nice flavor but to me the noodles were very over cooked.  My only other thing was the fact that it is extremely dark in the restaurant but then there are the front doors and a side door with people coming and going.  It's extremely bright when they are opened and it's very distracting, not to mention that once you leave the restaurant if it's still daylight it is extremely difficult for your eyes to adjust to the brightness of the sun.  For the price of the food we will probably going somewhere else in the future.  For $24 I can get ribs pretty much everywhere and I bet they would be warm.
2 The steak was good but way over priced. Could have gotten the same steak at Outback for $15.00. The 4-course meal they have for $40.00 seems well worth the price. I would not order off their regular menu again--based on prices.
2 We visited with a group of 6 people and were greeted when we first walked in by 3 of the staff.  We ordered a bottle of white wine, and as another reviewer wrote, they did not chill the wine on the table, and they should have.  We ordered two appetizers, smoked salmon and calamari.  I asked the waitress if the calamari was the "circle kind" or if it was all "squid bodies".  She said they were the circle kind and no squid bodies, but when the appetizer came, there were many squid bodies and only a few circles, and the portion was small.  The smoked salmon came out after our food, and wasn't my favorite, although it is supposed to be pretty good.  The waitress did apologize for the appetizer coming out after the food.  I ordered the chicken paillard, which was very good, and a nice portion size.  Others at the table ordered Steak Frites, which was extremely small portion, but tasted good and was loaded with french fries.  The steak was like a steak appetizer, and we could've gone to McDonald's after dinner.  Another ordered the steak and baked potato, and his steak was small as well.  For dessert, I had the pecan trifle with ice cream, which was very tasty as well.  I believe the food was overpriced for what you ended up getting. This would be a great place to just go and have drinks and appetizers, and not ordered any entree.  It is extremely dark inside the restaurant, which I found sort of odd.  The staff was friendly.  They need to work on their portion sizes in contrast to their prices.  We dropped $100 (incl tip) between my husband and I and so did the other 2 couples that were with us, and food portions lacking.
5 We had a great dinner and fantastic service.  I had been a little concerned about reading some of the reviews about lack of service, but we had incredible service from Tony.  He kept my water glass full (I drink a lot of water) without ever being prompted. We had chicken satay appetizer - which was very tasty.  The peanut sauce was a little skimpy, but Tony immediately brought more when we asked.  Husband liked his trout, and I really enjoyed my salmon with loaded baked potato (yes it is loaded!)  As recommended by someone else, we LOVED the key lime pie.   Yes we'd definitely come back again.
2 I really wanted to like this place:  we were meeting old friends we hadn't seen in years, it was my husband's birthday, and we traveled 40 minutes to eat here.  So, we tried to pass off the negative reviews as sour grapes and went in with a hopeful attitude.  What I gathered by the end of the evening is that Chop seems to want to find a magical combination of special-occasion restaurant and affordable (read, busy) hangout, yet succeeds at neither.  From the get-go, we experienced disorganization and lack of training (both of which are essential ingredients of those "quality" steakhouses), and the food did not measure up to its not-exactly-affordable prices.        The first question mark came when I called for reservations.  I got a voice on an answering machine, which asked for all the pertinent details, but then said "If we CAN'T fit you in, we'll call you back."  (???)   Luckily we had no issues there.  The place wasn't too crowded, even though it was a Saturday (hmmm...).  When we arrived, we wondered, as other reviewers did, why there was no host station in the front.  There were, however, at least three hostesses or servers near the entrance as we arrived, most of them chatting with the large group in front of us.  One young woman greeted us with a "hi!" but made no move to seat us or give further instruction.   (What happened to the standard "Welcome to___!  Can I help you?")  Luckily, the rest of our party was already seated and we saw them easily (it's a small place).          After drinks, we had our first real setback.  We ordered two servings of the grilled artichoke appetizers, which were horrible--blackened/burnt on the outside, with the heart scooped out of the inside (probably to make the spinach artichoke dip).  Worse, the 'chokes were the size of a child's fist.  We picked a few of the halves apart and attempted to eat some of it,  but found only a few edible bites at best-- definitely not worth $9.50.  When we told the waitress politely that we were dissatisfied, she looked like a deer in the headlights.   She had a pleasant, breezy attitude, but it was as if she wasn't trained, or didn't want to respond to anything beyond "everything's great."  No offer to reorder the food, replace it with a different appetizer, or take it off the bill.  (Any one of these Standard Operating Procedures would have been fine, but alas, we only got a stare and a smile.)   We also ordered bread, which took over ten minutes to arrive.  When we reminded her about it after our food was served, she told us a little curtly that it "has to be prepared." Turns out the bread (only four pieces for six of us??)  was also grilled, and the charred stripes were bitter and unpleasant-tasting.  (Note to management:  a good bread basket would be easier on your staff, and more pleasing to your patrons.)          The main courses were decent overall, but not outstanding.  The menu is tame and nothing says, "wow, I want to try that!" or "I come here for the ____; can't get that anywhere else."  Three of us had the baseball sirloins, which were cooked well but on the chewy side, on par with Outback's cheaper cuts..  The loaded baked potatoes, however, were gigantic and filling.  Our friend's salmon was moist, but my husband's chicken paillard was overcooked and quite dry, which is his pet peeve.  However, by this time the waitress made only very brief appearances, and he felt it wasn't worth the effort to send it back.  When she brought dessert menus, three of us told her that it was my husband's birthday, yet again, it was deer-in-the-headlights, and no offer of a free dessert  (???).  Still, two of us decided to try the key lime pie (on special) and the lemon crème brulee.  The pie had a great crust and was the best part of the meal, which cheered us up slightly.  The brulee was okay, but served warm (I'm used to it being chilled, but that's me).          As others here have pointed out, there are many great steakhouses in town, and if Chop wants to play with the big boys, they need to take some cues from Maestro's and Donovan's (still the best in the Valley imho, but a fair drive from Chandler).  First, EVERYTHING that comes out of the kitchen needs to be perfectly prepared:  nothing overcooked, ever!  Also, consider more innovative dishes.  Next, service must also be trained to pick up on and meet customer's needs.  This includes having a streamlined seating procedure.  C'mon!  They've been open for more than a year, these kinks really should have been worked out by now.  I have to agree with the poster who doubted the restaurant would survive a year.  There's just too many good restaurants to choose from in this town to settle for a mediocre meal and poor service, with a $270.00 tab (that's with a Groupon deal).    So I have to wonder if the glowing reviews here weren't written by employees or their friends.  Chops gets a "C" grade at best, and all six people in our party agreed that it's not worth a return visit.
3 My date and I thought this was a pretty cool looking place. The Bar is nicely decorated and the wait staff and bartenders were very helpful and easy on the eyes too. We started with the smoked salmon, great appetizer but we finished it in just a few bites. I ordered the steak frites and he ordered the steak salad. We finished everything on our plates. Portions here are on the lighter side but the $ is not. The waitress was attentive and friendly. The night started slipping with the dessert. So close! We ordered the pecan torte, which was a very large portion but it tasted like flour. Not sure if it was meant to be cooked to be soft but I couldn't eat it. The waitress swapped it for the lemon creme brulee. There were not a lot fo dessert options, only 3. I love creme brulee but the classic vanilla creme brulee is what I like. It was tasty but I really wanted that torte! The bill was under $60 (we didn't order cocktails it was way too hot that night and we just wanted to hydrate with H2O) and I had a Groupon. I think I will give it a second shot but not anytime soon.
3 I am a huge fan of checking out the new joints in Chandler and thought hitting up CHoP was a perfect fit for my mom's b-day. Overall experience was pretty good and our night was saved by finally getting some good service towards the end of our meal..so refreshing after a rocky start to our evening. I worked in the service industry and I'm not asking for over the top service but it's nice when, I don't know, your server smiles and says hello..or I don't know..if the bartender acts interested in gaining your drink order? Overall the food was good & flavorful. I hit up the mixed grill special and it was delish - ribs, chicken & local sausage. Apps were tasty but as other reviewers have mentioned I don't know that the price point matches up for what you're getting on the plate. I'd check them out again...and cross my fingers that we get the same server that saved the experience!
1 Ok, slow to learn!  Food is Bonanza grade, at Flemmings prices.  If you can get to the bar seat due to all the drunk Chop investors and their posse, you might get a drink, just a bunch of assholes drinking for free and they treat the real customers like shit.  If you really want a good steak, chops or fish I really suggest you go to DC Steakhouse in down town chandler.  Very good prices and excellent food.  I would stay away from Chop, looks nice but that is as far as it goes
3 We went out to Chop last night for a nice dinner. We started with the Grilled Artichoke, it was good but very salty. She had the Ocotillo Sunset and it was delicious. She also had the Salmon Filet and it was great. I had the Maui Rib-eye. It was cooked well and the flavor was amazing. We had the Pecan Torte for desert and I was not impressed. It was overly sweet and did not have a good texture.   Overall the ombience was very nice, food was OK.  However, I would not go back without another Groupon. The food is a just too over priced.
4 Liked the atmosphere, menu selection was good. Artichoke appetizer was over cooked as well as the Filet. Kids menu portions were great and service was friendly and prompt.
3 Went to Chops the local steakhouse that has opened recently.  The decor is tasteful and a blend between a traditional steakhouse with the wooden accents and decor and a modern flair with the open ceiling.  It is a small place and so can fill up pretty easily and was quite busy for a Sunday evening.  The service was attentive and in way saw too much of wait staff for such a small place.  Wine selection was decent.  The appetizers were very generic and seemed a bit overpriced so we never chose any.  We ordered the steak salad which was very ordinary.  Iceberg lettuce?  How about some Romaine as some of the more upscale steakhouses do?  Few pieces of steak.  We then ordered the Maui Rib Eye which had good flavor and the Chicken Piallard (fancy name but just a piece of flattend chicken breast with no flavor).  Very surprising that they did not have any hot bread served which is something that would add a nice touch to the meal.  All in all, a decent value if you go for one of their specials like Date Night on Thursdays?   Is it a dinner to remember... nah, but its does not disappoint either.
2 We purchased a Groupon for CHop and thought to give it a try,  convenient to our home, we made resevations for Saturday night at 7:30 for a party of 3. The restaurant's decor was very nice, typical steak house trendy. We were greeted and sat promptly. The restaurant was filled and very loud. Our waiter was very attentive, came over and greeted us, took our drink orders, and told us all the specials. May I mention the oddness of no table setup (no napkins or utensils) and no warm bread. OK, moving on, we ordered the Beef Carpaccio w/Arugula and Capers @ $12, Chimichuri Steak Salad w/Field Greens, Vinaigrette, Bleu Cheese @ $14.5, Steak Frites w/Au Jus, Chop Fries @ $18.5, and a Bone-In NY Strip w/Seasonal Vegetables @ $38. All our food was perfectly cooked to the request. All the food tasted good. Were we blown away? no! What we were blown away with was the price to portions. The Bone-In NY Strip small though done perfectly had very little seasoning. The steak salad meat portion was the same for the steak frites 4 small slices of flat iron steak (maybe 4oz.) that was it! We frequent BLT, Morton's, and Fleming's. We'll stick with BLT with it amazing view, unbelieveable popovers and complimentary appetizer and dessert goodies and their Bone-In NY Strip with a choice of sauces if you like at $43. If CHop wants to play in the sandbox with the big boys then they really should step up their game.
5 The dinner and service were great.  I have never seen suck a thick pork chop and it was succulent and flavorful.  Great meal
2 I am moving to Ocotillo so I was really really really hoping the CHoP was great. I wanted a nearby steak place that we could love. So far CHoP underperformed.   We called ahead for reservations. When we arrived on time, there were no seats available so we were allowed to sit at the bar and order drinks. 45 minutes later still no seats so we just ordered food at the bar. The bartender was very nice, and the drinks tasted great.   Finally we took our seats an hour after arrival at the same time our food arrived. The Maui Rib Eye tasted great, but not incredible. We saw our waitress once. My wife ordered a salad which was pretty good. For what it is the price is pretty high; they are trying to be a middle-high end place without the service or experience to match. With incredible service, the food would cut it. But as it is, based on our experience, acceptable food with unacceptable service, means that without a groupon, we probably won't be back  Despite not having seats for our reservation and despite having to order food at the bar and then move to a table we did not even get an "I'm sorry" or what would seem like a near obligatory drink or appetizer on the house for such a mistake.   I hope that this was just a one-time bad experience. We will probably give them another chance...but only cause we live close.
4 I went to this place with a groupon the other day.  I haven't tried many of the places in this plaza so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It has kind of a intimate atmosphere; not too big with a bar right in the middle with low lights.  I see why they call it a Steak Bar.  They had some nice specials during the week like 50% off bottles of wine on Wednesday, which was a nice change.  I got the marinated rib-eye which delicious.  I never order marinated steaks either, but I figured I'd try something different for once.  The flavor was very nice and the steak had a great char on it and was cooked exactly how I ordered it.  The baked potato was also good and nice that you didn't have to pay for ala carte sides.  The GF got the sliced sirloin steak which was also very good.  Oddly, they really didn't ask how she wanted it done and it was on the rarer side of medium.  I thought that was interesting so I figured I'd warn people.  But really, I shouldn't have to, if you're thinking maybe you want it well done, DERP!  I cook a lot of steaks and when people want them over cooked and then complain about them being tough it makes me  crazy.  Back on topic, we ordered some potato popper things that were awesome for an appetizer.  I would definitely go back to this place again.  It is a nice spot in Chandler that's not really low end or crazy expensive.  I'd definitely go here again over Fleming's.
5 My husband and I went to Chop on a Tuesday night, kind of late. The head chef greeted us and recommended a few things on the menu. The ambiance is awesome. I ordered the last order of lamb chops and my husband ordered the famous pork CHOP. They were both delicious and perfectly cooked. Our server was attentive and responded pleasantly to our requests. When we were ready to pay the bill, the server brought over two spoons - we looked at her puzzled and she said "the chef would like to buy your dessert!" To our surprise we received a beautiful piece of key lime pie - I was not a fan of key lime pie before, but I AM NOW! Yum!! We ate the whole thing. Great spot in little DT Ocotillo. :)
3 My husband and I went to CHoP Chandler for a date night.  We thankfully had a groupon.  I was totally looking forward to a steak and baked potato.  Once we were seated out waitress, Jackie came over to tell us the specials and announced that they were out of baked potatoes....what???  I think I was in shock.  A steak house is out of potatoes?  Totally bummed me out bc I didn't want a $30 steak with French fries, I wanted a baked potato!  Anyway they lost points right away for that one.  We ordered the grilled artichoke appetizer  bc it was highly recommended on here, it was ok.  Not sure what all the hype was about.  My husband got a cheeseburger and I got the steak frites.  Both entrees were good.  We shared the key lime cream brûlée for dessert, it was excellent.  They did comp my wine to make up for the lack of potatoes, which was nice but didn't solve my problem :) Would we go back?  Maybe, if we had another groupon...but not for full price.  There are way better places to drop $100 for dinner!
4 So had the groupon for this place and as you know MOST of the time the restaurant is poor-fair at best. I have to say this has been our best groupon meal since we started.  The food is a little expensive to just pay staight up, but we saw that all during the week they have different specials like spend $50 get $25, kids eat free (but I would never take mine there) specials on drinks and such like that, that make it more worth it for sure. We had the potatoe fritts and they were awesome. A little spicy but in a good way. We only ordered ice teas and was fine there. I saw they had Kiltlifter on draft and that always gets me happy, $5 normally so Im sure better during the slower times so I will have to have a few of those next times! I ordered the baseball cut (never heard of that before) sirloin and it was PERFECT. No need for A1. no a scrap of fat on it. Got the loaded potatoe and also was close to perfect. big, fluffy, all the fixins and a light salt coating that is a favorite of mine. I would have liked the plate to have some sort of garnish to make the plate look a little more complete. Wife had the steak something (smaller cut flat iron steak I believe) with the potatoe also. Quite a smaller portion but it was aout $7 cheaper, she was eyeing up my steak after she took care of hers haha! We also shared the mac&cheese, very tastey! great way to complete the meal. We would have like some vegatables to go with it but thought ordering a side of that also would seem to much. Dessert we got the lemon creme brulee and oreo sandwich. The creme was perfectly torched for the sugar and very good. Oreo was a bit heavy but tasted great with warm hot fudge on the bottom. Great to dip the sandwich in. Coffee was also good. Great romantic place for dinner that is for sure! I know this place could be suffering because there is nothing around it, and would no doubt be a bigger success in a more populated area. 100% sure we will be coming back again!
3 This spot was very romantic.  Found it with a groupon - $30 for $60 - would have been an okay deal for one person but the two of us ended up with a $150 bill because we ordered side dishes after seeing the people next to us having a steak, and that's it, delievered on a plate.  Not for me!  I ordered the salmon, it was delicious.  Perfectly prepared.  It came with parmesan brocolli, a nice side but odd pairing for the salmon.
3 Thank you Groupon, for yet again another new restaurant to try out at the right price.  For ambiance / decor, I give this place five stars.  Sadly, everything else fell short.  Started with the artichoke dip - which is for some reason served with a side of sour cream and bottled or canned salsa.  It just wasn't seasoned, and felt like it was missing a component, even after being salt & peppered.  The wedge salad, which I'm adding a picture of, was tasty, but was served on such a tiny plate that much of it ended up on the table after trying to cut it.  Ordered the filet, medium, and while the flavor was good - having a $38 steak come out over-cooked at a nice steakhouse is always disheartening.  Why didn't I send it back?  Well, let's just say that on this particular night, 80% of the service and attention was being given to a large group to the side who were consuming copious amounts of over-priced wine.  For the sides, I got the loaded baked potato and creamed spinach, both of which were spot on.  So the lesson learned here, is that while ambiance and image are important, they will never trump quality or service.  In other words, check this place out if it's on a discount or specially priced night - otherwise, spend your hard earned money at Durant's if you want the whole package.
2 Chop is like a really pretty girl who is an airhead that can't hold a conversation with you.  You can only admire the beauty for a few minutes before being driven away by the flaws.  Chop is a nice looking restaurant. A nice bar, sleek booths, a sharp decor, and a good looking staff all get your attention before taking your seat. And that's where the good stuff ends.  The menu is rather boring but that shouldn't be a problem as long as the execution is good. Well, the food here is really bad.  Like, really bad.  I've been multiple times hoping to finally find something they do great but, alas, there isn't anything. Meats are dry and boring (trying brining those pork chops guys!) and some of the items are so poorly conceived they are disgusting. For example, the spaghetti squash was prepared with a ton of capers.  I love capers but this was so bad it rendered everything else on the plate inedible. Capers and squash- the dynamic duo. But that's what you get here; a nice decor and a miserable effort by the kitchen.
3 I will say Chop is pretty cool inside and has a great ambiance. The service was great and they have a pretty decent wine list. The reason for the three stars is that the price you pay for the quality of food is kind of a rip off. Not that the food was bad but I would rate high if t was about 10-15 dollars cheaper.
5 This place deserves a really solid 4 star. Just alone for the killer happy hour and amazing Date Night deal for Thursday nights.  $39 for 2 people to dine and the amazing pork chop is on the menu. Good deal!  The service is fairly sterile but the ambiance is great and the food was quality.  Loved: Wedge Salad, Chop, Grilled artichokes, Ice Cream sandwich dessert, Ribs  Went again: Salmon was amazing, Steak Kabobs. All wonderful. Did not LOVE the Pecan tart but still not bad.
4 It's no secret that I'm a fan of CHoP and right when I thought things couldn't get any better, they added a scallop dish to the specials that knocked. my. socks. off!  Seriously, I'm a big of a fan of scallops, so I am hoping that this dish makes it onto the menu permanently because it is AMAZING!  5 large scallops, perfectly grilled with a potato puree and fried kale on top.  Mmmmmmm!  Tasty delicious!  I should have taken a picture of the entree before I devoured it - such a pretty presentation.  I will make sure to do that next time! :)
4 We went here for a birthday dinner (with a groupon...).  The service was just fine - waitress brought the food promptly and checked on us as needed.  The food is a bit pricey (groupon helped), but everything tasted good, portion sizes were generous and the presentation was also a plus.   Overall, I can recommend this as a special occasion restaurant, or if you stick to the lower priced parts of the menu, a nice regular dinner.  They even gave us happy hour pricing on the drink and a comped dessert :)
5 Really enjoyed our experience!  The grilled artichokes were phenomenal and my husband loved the ribs. We will definitely be back!  Perfect date night!!!
2 I love trying new places, and was excited to give this restaurant a chance. My experience left me disappointed.   Appetizer: Artichoke Dip ($9) - unfortunately had no flavor.....it was in desperate need of seasoning! Not 100% sure but we think the salsa was jar/canned, if it was made in house, it sure did not taste fresh.   Salad: Wedge Salad ($5.50) - flavor was good, vegetables were fresh and crisp.  Entree: Center Cut Filet ($38) - ordered medium but sadly come out as well-done.   The wait staff was pretty much ignored us for the entire evening. The delay after being seated to when our order was taken was about 15 mins (in that time no one even asked us if we wanted to order drinks.) The time after our order was taken to when the food was actually delivered was ridiculous as well. I don't mind waiting in restaurants and i do enjoy conversation at the table but drinks and checking back with the table as a waiter would have been nice. I wanted to send the filet back but after waiting a while for someone (anyone) to look at us or walk by our table I gave up and ate the overcooked meat because i was ravenous. Honestly our table was not the waiter's priority, there was a large party that he and 3 other wait staff were doting on. I seriously dislike being passed over because a larger party could possibly mean a larger tip. Lame!  It makes me sad when the best thing at a steakhouse is the wedge salad. (If you come here, that is the only thing i am able to recommend.)  Service: 1 Star Food: 2 Stars
5 Great atmosphere. Great food.  You must try the Moscow Mule.  Jill is amazing. Very sweet and attentive.
4 Came here the other night with a $30 for $60 Groupon.  I have to admit, my expectations were lowered after reading several of the reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised.  First the décor.  It was nice, a little too dark for me, but overall I liked the feel of the place.  We sat in a high-back booth in the bar area that felt very private.  Even the bathrooms were well kept and modern-looking.  The service was also very good.  Our server, Shay, took great care of us.  She was attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and kept our water and tea filled all night without us asking once.  Our food came out quickly and the billing process was also fast.  The food was good but not great.  They have a decent kids menu for $6.95 and my boys got the bbq ribs and mac and cheese.  First the ribs, tender, well seasoned, and a generous portion (5 or 6 bones).  The only problem was the sauce was a little spicy, especially for kids, so my son ended up eating my wife's food instead.  The mac and cheese was average.  My wife and I shared a wedge salad to start and it was the typical wedge, iceberg, blue cheese, bacon and tomatoes but it was good and fairly priced at $5.50  My wife went with the maui ribeye (marinated in soy and pineapple juice).  It was well seasoned and served with a loaded baked potato.  She ordered it medium but it came out closer to mid well-well done.  The meat was still flavorful and tender so we didn't send it back.  The baked potato was perfectly cooked and had enough flavor that no S&P was needed.  I got several of the appetizers for my entrée (potato fritters, beef carpacchio, and mesquite grilled shrimp).  The potato fritters were good, basically fried balls of loaded baked potatoes served with a semi spicy remoulade.  The beef was okay, needed a little more dressing on the arugula and seasoning on the beef.  The shrimp was the most disappointing, 4 grilled shrimp with little flavor and some sort of onion slaw that didn't go well with the shrimp.  I found myself dipping the shrimp in the potato remoulade and it was much better.  The place was a little pricey but the groupon made it a more than fair deal.  I would go back to try some other items but probably order any meat a temperature less than I normally would.
2 Extremely disappointed with "Chop."  My friend and I saw the deal on Groupon and had been looking to find a decent steakhouse in the Chandler-Gilbert area, so Chop looked really promising. And it does *look* very nice.  The area is well maintained, the entrance is great, and the restaurant has a very upscale look.  When we were seated, the "dirty laundry" smell of the linen napkins was overwhelmingly strong and one of the two plates we were given was dirty.  The waitress seemed rather uninterested in us and my friend commented that we wished we had the waiter from a nearby table who seemed much friendlier and more animated.  We ordered the spinach dip and wedge salads but could barely eat the dip. It tasted like frozen spinach microwaved. The wedge salad was decent.  We both ordered the ribeye - mine rare, his medium rare. Mine came out medium well, his medium. When the waitress brought them she awkwardly demanded we cut into them in front of her. When I said they were overcooked she seemed uninterested.   We won't be returning and felt a little cheated by the extremely overpriced Applebee's quality food here.
4 I was given a second chance to try CHoP in Chandler and last nights experience was completely different than my first.   Let's start with the staff, last night (a week day evening so the restaurant was busy but not overly crowded) they all were on their game. Our glasses were constantly being refilled, plates were taken away at the appropriate times and the table was checked on often to make sure things were coming out to our liking.   Appetizer: Downtown Fries ($9) - the fries were cooked well, not soggy or overdone. They were seasoned properly and the spicy aioli that come with the fries was great.   Entree: Barbecue Baby Back Ribs ($24) - it has been a while since I have had good ribs. These were fall off the bone delicious! The barbecue sauce was sweet and had a little bit, the meat was tender and not fatty like some ribs can be. I would order these again and recommend them too!   Dessert: Pecan Torte ($7) - the pecans were crispy and the combo with the vanilla ice cream and the butterscotch sauce tied this little dessert together. A tasty little dessert to share as it is rich.   Everything I had last night was on par, the service was up to snuff like a steakhouse should be. Bravo to the staff, chef's and management who made last night a lovely dinning experience.
2 The short version?  The highpoint of the meal was a baked potato.  The longer version is this.  I'm perfectly happy to pay $175 for dinner (with tip).  But (and this is going to sound weird), said meal should be worth it.  Crazy talk, I know.  First, the good: it's a very attractive space.  Ambience get's an A-.  The hostess was very nice and courteous - same for our waitress.  Both get an A.  That, however, is where the good news ends.  We had a couple cocktails to begin - my girlfriend had a vodka/berry/something-or-other chick drink.  She seemed reasonably happy with it.  I had a Moscow Mule.  I'm fairly confident there was some vodka in it but I can't be sure.  It was a very weak pour.  I'm not suggesting that it should be fraternity-guy-strong.  But it felt like the bartender was using one of those automatic liquor disperser thingies that precisely measures exactly 1 oz shots - not a drop more.  Very corporate-esque.   That sort of thing is fine in a chain restaurant. Certainly not at a place with this price point.    On to the wine list; it was decent if somewhat short.  Ended up ordering a Chateau St. Michelle cab - decent wine, decent price.  It was even cellar temperature so thumbs up on that one.    To the food then.  To begin, we split a grilled artichoke for an appetizer - generously sized portion, well prepared, and well presented.  A-.  Why "minus"?  The aoli tasted like it came from a jar.      Then the entrees.  Ugh.   Where do I begin?  Well, my girlfriend had their Chicken Paillard.  I'm all for restaurants interpreting recipes in their own way.  But this was more like arugula salad that happened to have some chicken buried underneath.  The only similarity to Chicken Paillard it had was the name.  When I asked her how it was, she said "It's food."  This, by the way, is our code for: its edible but not something I ever want to eat again.  C+ at best.    Then my entrée.  I had the bone-in, New York Strip with a side of sautéed mushrooms.  $38.   When you charge that for a steak, you place yourself squarely in the crosshairs of the big boys: Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Smith & Wollensky's, et cetera.  So you better have your sh*t together.  In this case, Chop brought a (very small) knife to a gun fight.  I'm not going to say it was the worst steak I've ever had.  But it was every bit the worst $38 steak I've ever had.  Even though it was cooked perfectly, it was tough.  Really tough.  As in "Are you f*cking kidding me?" tough.  I looked but didn't see any marks from where the jockey was hitting it.  But it was dark in there so who knows.  To add insult to injury: the mushrooms were cold and had waaaaayyyyy too much vinegar on them (psst: they're not pickles guys).  Kind of a final middle finger from Chop to us.  D-  And that's being generous.    The bright silver lining here was the baked potato.  Yep, that was the highlight of the meal.  We actually ended up having a good natured argument as to who got to eat it since we had both abandoned our entrees very early on.    So again: the staff did their job.  But the owners are cheaping-out where it counts: on the ingredients (except for the potato: that was kick ass).   My take: if you want this caliber dining, go to Applebees or any of the other faceless, soulless corporate places out there and save yourself $125.  Because this is "food", no more and no less.
5 I purchased a Groupon a couple months ago for Chop.  My wife and I went to dinner there and loved every minute of it.  They had a good atmosphere, a great menu and the food was excellent. The service was some of the best we have received, especially when presenting the Groupon discount.   I have recommended Chop Chandler to friends and I can't wait to go back for dinner.  I would recommend it for date night or a night out with friends.
5 Seriously fabulous date night and happy hour.    We love the CHOP - a huge pork chop flavored and cooked perfectly.  Happy Hour is $2.50 draft beer!  We love the dark moody ambience and the casual comfortable atmosphere.    Service was really good.  No complaints about my expereince, and we will certainly be back!
4 We had fantastic service (thank you, Chris). Everyone was friendly and attentive, and the food was outstanding.  You have to try their potato soup - it's to die for, and the steak frites was delicious as well. The atmosphere was perfect for date night and we will definitely go back.
1 Nice ambiance. Waited 30 min for table...no worries for Friday night and no reservations. Saw waited twice...asst manager stood in as "waitress". Ordered baby back ribs for a child and an adult, both plates came out cold. Really only saw waiter!!
3 I was invited to a business lecture held here... Food (steak) was over cooked but sides were good.. And Oreo cookie desert was fantastic. Defiantly not an ideal place for a dinner conference / lecture... As there is no way to isolate the notice from the main dining room! Service was overall good..
4 Dined here twice. Both times the bar tenders were awesome. Both times the food was exceptional.   For some reason our waitress was not very good on our second visit. Just not attentive or what I would expect for this level of restaurant.   Not horrible just not great.   The steak is absolutely amazing.   Will definitely return. This is our new fav steak spot.
3 Bartender was great and service was not terrible! The steak came over cooked and my husband and I both felt the bill seemed tacky and the waitress response was a tad more tacky! Bottom line, would go again but don't expect an apology if you meal is overcooked or a credit.
1 The Monday night prime rib special ($19.95) SOUNDED like a good idea.  We set forth to discover this new neighborhood restaurant with high hopes.  The restaurant itself is attractive, if dim.  It was hard to read the menu without using our cell phones as flashlights.  The hostess made a good first impression; the chairs in our corner table were comfortable and ample.  But the place was so dimly lit, I couldn't tell if "medium rare" was more rare than raw.  One taste and I knew for sure it was very salty.  Ditto for the au jus.  Even my husband who salts with impunity thought it was salty, so there you go.  His loaded baked potato was cold on delivery.  It was only slightly warmer on its second trip.  As for service, we barely saw our waiter.  No water refills, although the restaurant was practically empty.  I appreciated being able to substitute broccoli for the baked potato, but the promised Parmesan-lemon topping was so scarce as to be indiscernible.  The raucous music selections did not seem to jibe with the sedate atmosphere.  Sadly, I don't think we will be revisiting CHoP.  Hard to erase a bad first impression.  .
5 Amazing as always!
4 I always Yelp for new places when I travel and while visiting relatives in nearby Mesa I decided to try CHoP on a Sunday night. While the reviews all indicated the restaurant was usually not overcrowded we were surprised to find only 3 other tables occupied after 8! Needless to say the service was great and we had the pick of the tables! I would like to return when there is a bit more atmosphere - but it was a Sunday night. Then it may move up to five stars when I can rate the service under normal conditions.  We skipped the appetizers and went straight for the main course - Barbecue Baby Back Ribs with a baked potato substituted for the fries for my companion. The ribs were well seasoned - just the right amount of sweetness to let the flavor of the ribs dominate and not too sticky. And he never had to pick them up as the meat came completely off the hot bones with just a fork - Excellent. And that baked potato was a hit. It was perfectly baked, not dried out and the added sour cream, bacon and a few chives really did the trick.  The other entrée was the Rubbed and Grilled Pork Tenderloin with a spicy mustard Barbecue sauce on the side. The presentation was unique with the tenderloin sliced and laid out in a line on an oval plate. Even so it stayed moist, warm and it was flavorful. The rub added to the taste and coupled with the sauce it was delicious. Another treat was the coleslaw on the side in a dish of its own. It was crisp and fresh with a mild bite to it. A great pairing.  We had two glasses of 14 Hands Cab - a favorite of mine - so nice to see it on the glass list.  I will be back on my next visit to the area.
4 The Good..  Service:  there on a Wed so the place was nearly empty. Thus, we got thier full attention. The bartender, who I suspect was the manager, was great. We did not like the Pinot on happy hour (tasted like grape juice) even after he opened a ne bottle. They had no problem replacing it with his pairing for our dishes and he comp'd a desert since we were celebrating the birth of our 2nd child.  Food: We had the Pork Chop (5 stars) & Pork Loin (3 stars).  Chop was perfect, nothing more to say there. Loin had nice flavor with a bit of smoke but was way too dry even with the sauce. If it was moist it would have been  5 stars.  Areas for improvement: Very Dark , though eye adjusted OK after a bit Very cold - needed to be a bit warmer to be 100% comfortable Music went from OK to very bad electronic music. Need something more consistant to set the atmosphere better IMO   We will be going back.
5 The baby back ribs were superior , great food and atmosphere!
4 Joined a friend for dinner there last night (Mother's Day). This place was fantastic. Aside from our server being a little slow at getting back to us for our order....the service was great.  I never had to ask to have my water glass filled.....which is a huge problem at most places. My friend and I split the swordfish special and the sirloin plate.....which were both cooked magnificently.  The swordfish just melted in your mouth and the sirloin was probably the best sirloin I've had. It was freezing cold in the restaurant.....but, that was the only uncomfortable factor. This has been added to my fave steakhouses
2 Mediocre service, served ice cold brocolli, husbands steak was ok, drinks were good, but overall experience and service were not that great!  Unfortunately not impressed!
2 Came here with great friends to enjoy a nice quiet evening..  Where do I start?  Waited only 5 minutes for our water.  Asked for lemon wedges and bread and butter.  Lemon wedges came out 5 more minutes later. Still no bread & butter.  Server took the order for drinks.  Wine by the glass was ordered. 10 minutes later wine was served. Appy's were then ordered.  Asked if the bread was still in the oven?  10 more minutes and the appy's were being served, however, we had to ask for utensils and napkins. Asked for bread again.  Server finally went into the kitchen & brought out the bread & butter.  The bread came out with grease marks from the grill & hard as a rock!  Steaks & sides were served. Some prepared properly, others not.  Cole slaw was served to my wife.  It was a good thing she was not allergic to nuts or bacon which were not indicated on the menu.  Deserts were ok.  We asked if the decaf coffee was fresh and the server indicted it was two hours old.  We asked if they could make a fresh pot.  He said he asked the manager and was told NO!  Really?? Upon paying the check I discussed this situation with the manager Jill.  She apologized and said no one asked her about the coffee. She gave us two $50 gift certificates to return. A great gesture, but just not for me.  The check for four should have been picked up by her along with the apology.  Myself and my guests frequent Fleming's along with other steakhouses.  This would have never occurred at there establishments.  Oh, as far as the quiet evening, heavy metal back round music, I don't think so!
3 Overall place was okay it was nice and the wine good but my rib eye was very bland.   Service was perfect though and for that reason I give it 3 stars.
4 I had been wanting to try this place out for a while, so i was happy to get and then use a Groupon.  I am happy that I finally made it here.  We dined on great steaks and had fabulous service.  I will defiantly be back as this is a great local steakhouse.
1 Disappointed....after reading the reviews we thought we would give this place a shot to discount the less than average reviews and I cant help to say I  not impressed not only for how the food was prepared but also the prices. Our orders were very simple and my wife ordered a basic salad with chicken and I the prime rib (medium) with a "baked "potato. My wife received her salad with shrimp and I received the $30 prime rib with a bone and plenty of fat throughout the entire cut of meat. Its was chewy and not a very easy piece of meat to cut. Medium came out like rare just like the " microwave baked" potato. The potato temp had no chance of melting the toppings. Never used a knife before to carve a potato. Im not the kind of person who will send it back because I know whats coming on the return. I accepted the horrible meal because I did not want to disappoint the guests at our table. How does a salad come to the table with shrimp and not chicken. Whos managing the kitchen..this isn't a new review on food temp and prep..look down further folks..same meal same results. Oh by the way when the water glass sits empty that would mean fill it up but when you don't come by the table to check on your customers you certainly aren't going to do a good job to make sure your orders are prepared either. Theres plenty of steak houses in the valley for these prices,,,,don't be fooled. Im a well defined cook and just like the TV show...this place was named for those who aren't successful..CHOPPED.
5 One of the best steaks I have had!  The service was excellent.  The Manager Jill went out of her way to make sure we had a great meal.  I fly down here a lot with fellow pilot Rick and I will make sure we come back for another great meal!  If you want a great meal this is the place.
4 I've been twice, and ChoP didn't disappoint either time.  The grille artichoke is smoky and served with a sauce that was so delicious my 10 year old said he could drink it.  Also a fan of the beef carpaccio.  My only complaint is there isn't enough meat on the plate  Service is outstanding and ambiance very relaxing.
3 I thought the food was very good...   Service was just ok, not bad at all.. but it could have been better at the start.. once we got going it was fine.  I thought some of the items were a bit too pricey for what they were.  If we are going to pay $40 for a steak, it should be a very good steak .. and it should  be a little bit larger!! Granted I understand that a steak is not HUGE to begin with , however this was $40 and a TINY piece of meat. I felt kind of bad for my guy... So, to pay over $100 for the meal and still be sort of hungry when leaving is unacceptable in my eyes.
4 Pretty decent menu, some prices seem a bit high but the selection is good. Not many places carry a baseball cut on a regular menu, and at $22 I couldn't pass up my favorite cut of meat. Great wine selection, iffy beer selection. Service was solid, but a bit discombobulated as we were asked if we wanted new drinks three times in about 5 minutes. May have been a shift change or trainee though, as everything else was good. My only real complaint was the texas toast they serve does not really go with the "honey butter" they serve alongside it. Overall, its nice to have a new steak joint in town that offer some quality cuts!
3 I really struggled between a three and four star rating. I wish there were halves but the "A-OK" description on the three star seemed to fit with our experience at CHoP.  My boyfriend's parents were in town from Ohio and we wanted to take them to a nice restaurant nearby for Father's Day. We made reservations at CHoP for 7:30pm, showed up right at 7:30pm and then waited about ten minutes before we were seated. This bugs the crap out of me and reminds me of that episode of Seinfeld - "You just don' t know how to HOLD the reservation!" The wait wouldn't have been SO bad had there actually been a waiting area. You literally walk in the door and are faced with the hostess, who is basically working out of what can only be described as a sideways cabinet. Anywhere you stand, you were in the way of guests trying to leave, guests coming through the door and waitresses going to the other side of the room.  Once we were seated we were greeted by our waiter and got some apps ordered. The calamari was a smidge on the rubbery side but not overly greasy and the sauce was tasty. The parents got spinach dip, which was described as "good, but there's too much spinach and not enough dip".   Sadly, they were out of scallops and something else that 1/2 of our table wanted to order. Our dinner took about 25-30 minutes to come out because our ticket was apparently put in right after a ticket for 20 people. I can only comment on my entree and my boyfriend's steak because the other guests described their meals as just good. The seasoning on my chicken was tasty and it was well cooked. The macaroni and cheese was just eh. The cheeses they used didn't seem to add much of a cheesy flavor (weird, I know) and it was more gritty than creamy. The boyfriend's steak seemed to be charred on both sides but he said it was still tender. His baked potato was room temperature.  All in all, a decent dinner but the chances of us returning are slim.
4 A Groupon is what brought me into the restaurant initially and the decor is beautiful inside and out.  It was a very long wait but decided to stick it out.  The inside is a bit small but in the winter the outside patio will be used for sure.  The seating also included the bar area and I am picky about that.  For just hanging out that is wonderful but for a romantic dinner it could be a bit crowded and uncomfortable.  There isn't many options in that regard because of the limited space.  The food was really good.  I had the ribs & chicken on two different occasions.  I can't remember if it is on Wednesday or Thursday nights but they have a special for coupled up folks that is a good price.
5 We thoroughly enjoyed! A groupon got us here, and we will be back. We arrived around 5:15, wanted to do an early dinner & avoid crowd on Friday evening, made reservations.  I had scallops - my husband had the prime rib. They were both excellent. The Bleu cheese dressing was of the best I have had. The special dessert for the evening was key lime pie and it was fabulous!  My only disappointment was the Server was not very friendly - almost condescending, however she did have all to us in a timely manner and was efficient. More of an adult atmosphere, wouldn't recommend children.
5 Made reservation and went here for our anniversary dinner.  Excellent from start to finish.  Arrived a few minutes early and were seated immediately, service was exceptional (very sorry I have forgotten our waitress's name as she was attentive and ad a great personality), food and drinks came at the right pace.  Prices were reasonable for the great baseball top steak and double cut, house cut pork chop.  Very pleased and we will be returning!
5 I have been meaning to try this restaurant but was lucky enough to win a Bride's Day Out from the Bridal Expo.  Chop was the last restaurant we had a tasting at and I wish I wasn't more full.  I did try everything and it was amazing.  Sometimes even when the food is great, if the service is bad, it can ruin the meal.  This is not the case with Chop.  The service was amazing and genuine.  I love their private dining experience (it's hard to find that outside of Scottsdale).  I really appreciate the bartender Blake.  He was very knowledgable and definitely increased my knowledge of wine and what I like.
