5 For dinner hours, this place is really inviting and engaging! They have a simple, but very tasty menu! The onion rings are amazing! Their burgers are all half-pound. They also have several chicken & seafood options. The staff was attentive without being overbearing and the management really seemed to be on top of things. We didn't stay for the changeover to "dance club" mode at 9:00, but they have a very nice dance floor with the requisite lights & sound system.  The outdoor seating area with garage-door style openings to one of the bars really make this a unique place in Casa Grande, especially with dozens of gigantic screens tuned to various sports. The cold beer was the perfect temperature and my wife really liked the chilled Chardonnay. The dishes, silverware and glasses were spotless. I've eaten at most of the establishments in this town and this one is definitely in my top three.
3 This was our first time visiting Cactus Moon.  It was about 6 pm on a Tuesday.  I should say that this wouldn't be our "typical" kind of place (country dancing), but we stopped in for a beer and some food after a movie.  The place looks nice - very open atmosphere, as you can see outside from many of the tables.  They have a large patio area.  We got the fish and chips and shrimp and chips.  The fish and waffle fries were very good.  The shrimp were small but not bad.  The hush puppies were OK.  The coleslaw was the only thing that really needed help.  It was very soggy and bland.  Mayonnaise?  Salt?  Vinegar?  It needs something.  The service was very good.  Our server was pleasant and attentive.  The food didn't blow me away, but I'd go there again!
2 ate there twice while i was in town. first time was good when we sat at the bar fast service it was a Thursday and wasn't to busy. we went back the next day and it was less busy and this time we sat at a table, here the service was very slow when i ordered i asked for a mushroom and Swiss burger with bacon( not to hard to do since all the indigents were on the menu for other things) but the waitress looked at me like i was speaking German. that was the last time we say her for about 25 mins when our food came out brought by someone else , who we asked for another round but she blew us off and never brought the round we had to go to the bar ourselves. also my burger had nothing but Swiss cheese on it which the waitress neglected to me would be the only thing on there.  we received better service at the Culver's across the street.
2 This was our first visit and most likely our last. We went in around 5 on a Saturday night. When we walked in we stood by the door for a few minutes and a guy with mohawk type hairdue walked up and seated us. Service was good and prompt. Heard people rave about their wings and I LOVE wings, so wings it is. Heard people rave about their burgers and my gf loves burgers, so she had the Bad Moon Burger and we had the Queso dip as an appetizer.  We'll go best to worst.  Bad Moon burger - jalapenos, pepperjack cheese and Cactus ranch. Menu says its a half pound, I understand the whole "pre-cooked weight" thing but what blend did they use 50/50?  Queso dip - was so thick the chips kept breaking and when it was served to us it had a thick skin on top of it...ewww. A plus - the chips were warm and nicely salted.  Wings - what a HUGE disappointment! As I said, I love wings and I love them hot! These wings were, however, the bad kind of hot (wing eaters know what I mean, but if you don't keep reading) The difference - Good hot means they make you sweat and gasp, have good flavor but don't mask the chicken flavor. Bad hot means they have the same thing minus the chicken flavor.  The sauce was way to vinegary.  After one bite I didn't want to eat the rest. Gave one to my gf and she agreed.  Atmosphere was good, however when we were there, there were two small children on the dance floor chasing the lights that were flashing on the floor, all the while screaming at the top of their lungs while their parents just watched.  Just to many other places that we enjoy more.
1 This place is horrendous. it looks nice but once you are inside the service is awful. We went there to grab lunch and a drink before a movie on a Sunday afternoon. Place was almost empty, we ordered a strawberry daquari and margarita FROZEN..Guess what.. A bar with no blender!What kind of bar has no blender?Wow! The food took forever and when we got it it was gross! The waitress didnt come to our table once after she dropped the food off I sat there Atleast 15 minutes with an empty cup in an empty bar with no service.I couldn't wait to get out of this place!! save your time and money and stay away!!!
1 Ah. I've tried to like this place. Went there several times! The food is hit or miss. Service is terrible. We tried one last time today and that was it. I ordered a sandwich with extra cheese. Got no cheese. Ordered a soda without ice. Got ice. The waiter wouldn't say a word. He would set down the drink while walking by. Not even any eye contact... There were flies EVERYWHERE! We got to go boxes and left. That's the last time ill be going there. Shame too. We would love going there for football or dancing... Don't waste your time. There is a chilis right down the road...
3 Tried again, food was good, Service was was a disaster, brought wrong salad and server did not know what she was serving. We kept getting out entrees separate. Then the music was cranked up so you could not hear our conversation. No manager ever checked on us . Proper training of the serving staff seems to be an issue.
3 Unusual but nice location for a sports/country bar joint, Cactus Moon sits inside a mall complex and next to Harkins movie theater. I've been here two times and i'll say I have more positive remarks than bad ones from the other Yelp reviewers.  Happy hour on a Friday is not so crowded and loud. Plenty of filled tables and chairs but still plenty of space to move around. They have a big hardwood floor for country dancing in the center, which is something i'm looking forward to see on a dancing night.  Service is higher than average, our server promptly clears our table and often asks us if we nee anything, however the delivery of our orders tends to be on the slow side. Food is typical American bar staples, I recommend trying the wachos (waffles and nacho cheese), chicken wings with their signature sauce and the sliders, and yes, the $2 draft beer during HH is unbeatable. I should mention that some of their drinks are more watery than alcoholic.  I have to agree with the other reviewer about the flies, we were inside to escape the 100 plus degree outside and we had some pesky companies with them flying around. On the plus side though, I like that their bathroom is clean and fragrant.
5 Would go there every Friday and Saturday if I could. Learned to swing dance there. Don't like the food but my lady enjoys the service. If you're looking to dance and blow off some steam from a hard ass work week you're in the right place at the moon.
2 I am sitting in this restaurant right now. I came here to watch Monday night football with my dad, sister, brother in law and my mom. I drove from SoCal and my sister from Seattle. The place was empty and had the game already on the screen. So far so good.  We are all starving and order food right before kick off (5:25pm). 4 of 5 received food at 6:10. My salad was forgotten. And my dad's entire club sandwich was forgotten. He finally received his club sandwich at 6:45pm.  I had to ask if they were charging him for it....she said maybe she could check.   She came back after another 20 minutes. We did get it removed but not even single apology that we couldn't eat together as a family.  Food was good. Drinks are weak.
1 I'm not a local to CG (my mother currently resides here) and I am visiting... but why isn't there anyone(s) lawyering up and shutting this place down (if not, at least correct this establishment)!!    "Ladies' Night" is heavily promoted on their website and these specials, to me, clearly violate Civil Rights and are discriminatory on the basis of gender inequality. (Thanks Kevin for bringing this up).  The promotions described on their website and reviews must fall under and violate the Unruh Act which prohibits Private Businesses to discriminate against any person(s) similar to the 14th Amendment.  Do not support this establishment, educate the employees to find a more morally sound workplace and/or make a change, and help Casa Grande a more harmonious community.  Cactus Moon, you have the choice and chance to do what is right and lawful.
1 I recently moved to CG and have been to Cactus Moon a few times. The service is nothing special but the waitresses have always seemed nice.  I went in to deal with a problem with a charge on my debit card. When discussing the matter the manager raised her voice and I had to tell her that she was being extremely unprofessional. She did recognize this and calmed down but there was absolutely no reason to speak that way to a customer. I will not give this place my business ever again after the way the manager dealt with the situation.
1 Let me start out by saying I hate leaving negative reviews. I am not one to try and hurt someone's business based on one personal experience. I would hate to cause someone to lose a job because I didn't like how much sauce was on my hot wings.  But this place deserves a zero rating.  Now, to be fair a while back I had been here and had a good experience. The wings were solid. Drinks were cheap. Now, I had heard some things - the kinds of things you don't want to hear about a restaurant - but thought maybe these things were just a few bad apples exaggerating.  Not the case.   Last spring we watched an NCAA tournament game, and had a marginally bad experience. The server was complaining about the owners being on vacation and not leaving certain items in stock, the food was bad, service was slow. Again, chalked this up to a bad day, no harm no foul.   However, my experience this past weekend has sealed my personal opinion, and likely the viability of the entire establishment.  On 6/15/14 myself and a few friends went in to do a little day drinking before a movie. There was almost no one in the bar. The service itself was great from the bartender. After about an hour and $100+ in drinks between 4 of us, we were told by a hostess if we wanted to remain in the bar, we had to all pay $5 because they were starting to air the UFC fight.  Are you kidding me?  Luckily, the bartender corrected this and let us stay for a little while longer until we left for our movie, and we gladly doubled what we had already spent.  Let's fast forward a few hours later. After the movie we had run into some friends and they all wanted to go back to Cactus Moon for dinner and more drinks. There were 7 of us in total. The main event had already started or was almost started, and we just asked to sit on the patio to eat. The OWNER immediately ran over to us and demanded we all pay $5 or leave. There was no negotiating with her. As we waited for one of our group to go to the bathroom and come out to leave, we saw two more people go in, and leave because of the cover charge.   The owner had now refused 9 patrons over a $5 per head cover charge. There were maybe 15 people in the bar total at that point, and that is being generous. All nine of us ended up at another bar, and spent the rest of the evening there. The owner sacrificed at least 300-400 in sales in her stubborn insistence that patrons pay $5 to watch a fight none of us cared to see.  The owners simply do not have any clue how to run a bar, and do not care who they burn. They don't care about the product they offer, and have resorted to doing things such as "Teen Night" to cover the rent. This is a fantastic space with tons of potential, unfortunately the owners seem to think gimmick will sell more than product and are trying to treat the bar like it is located in a major city, and constantly try and assess cover charges to make up for the fact that the public simply doesn't like their garbage product.  My advice? Stay away until someone who actually knows how to run a bar ends up with the space after Cactus Moon inevitably fails.
2 This place is alright nothing special. We come here occasionally to have some drinks. Usually when the UFC or boxing fights are on. They have plenty of tv's to watch them on but they do charge a $5 cover to get in. Service is alright. Out of a handful of times I have been here only once has the service been terrible. Again nothing special here but if you're looking for chilling and having a beer this place will do.
