4 First of all, this review is not for the smoothies.  The review is for the food.   I'm at Red Rock at least once a week during the NFL season.  There are plenty times when I'm starving and want something quick that isn't their buffet, cafe, or restaurants.  So, where do I go?  The food court of course and this time Tropical Smoothie.  My first visit at Tropical Smoothie was a couple of months ago.  Reviewed the menu and saw that at least the pictures looked good. I settled for the $3.99 Chicken Pesto in flatbread. Since their smoothies are a bit pricey, I assumed that the Chicken Pesto was small. So, I ordered 2.  The Chicken Pesto was really good.  Melted cheese, just the right amount of pesto, and thick pieces of chicken. All in a heated thick piece of flatbread. To my surprise, each Chicken Pesto was pretty big too.  I was almost full after devouring one.  Still had one more to go and my mom didn't raise a quitter, so I ate the other.  Since my first visit, I've been here about 5 more times and when it comes to service, they have it right. Scary that they even know me by name and have my order started before I make it to check out.    Move over Rubio's and Fatburger, I think I found my new go to food court item while I'm at Red Rock. I can't wait to try the other sandwiches.
1 For some reason, this location does not make the smoothies like the other stores around Vegas. The smoothies here taste like blended ice. They don't even blend the smoothies enough. They taste more like slush than smoothies. This has happened on several occasions.
2 I haven't been to a tropical smoothie in a long time, and I used to think their food was decent, even if a bit overpriced. First it started off badly when I was the only one at the counter and there were three young women behind the counter and I politely waited for 5 minutes until I asked if someone would take my order, then a middle age male comes from behind the back to take my order and what I assume is his 5 year old son comes up and stands next to him, I'm ok with bring your kid to work day if that's what it was; but someone who saw me waiting could of gotten him, if they are not allowed to take orders. I ordered the chicken Cesar wrap and I have to admit that it was pretty gross. The chicken was mushy, almost like the chicken was made for a chicken salad or for someone without teeth. I though the wrap would have strips of chicken breast in it, but it did not. With other food court option in the area, I will not be coming back here
1 The smoothies were super icy, sour and sometimes flavorless. I do not recommend getting a smoothie at this location.
