1 Is there any need to charge £4.50 for a pint of Guinness? I'm also used to getting my main course at dinner served hot rather than tepid.    No complaints about the courteous staff though.
4 Sampled the evening bites menu, kind of mixed feelings about these, based on the quantities rather than individual tastes. Please fill the plate if it's a big plate, I remember thinking, granted I was sharing.  After a quick visit to the bar,(gin top-up) half of the food was gone on my return, but since it was late and the restaurant was almost closing I didn't mind much, as the chicken skewers on a bed of freaky coloured pasta(served on silverware) and dates wrapped in ham, (total £6.00) was quickly washed down with another Bombay gin.  Green tea is also served here, and that gets my green vote for turning over new leafs for a palatable start to the new year after the rigors of Christmas meals. Not sure what type of tea they use but will find out next time I'm in.  New staff means new faces I have to remember, but all in all a fine nights chat with friends.
4 5-star luxury accommodations with a doorman, concierge, bell-hop and the receptionist kind of give you a weird look when you come in here with a backpacking bag, like I did.  But the service here is first-class nonetheless when they realized that I did have reservations.  The lobby area and parts of the hotel were newly renovated and it shows, I personally think they went a little overboard in modernizing the lobby area instead of keeping the original layout.  I always request the basic room for one when traveling on my own dime, it is my hard earned cash by the way but being a Diamond member does have its perks like being upgraded to a nicer room, a room with a direct view of Edinburgh Castle on the top floor.  The hotel room had all the luxury items you would think a place like this would have: robes, tea set, coffee, HDTV and etc.  The room I got was really big by any standard, with a large desk to work, two chairs to sit and sip the complimentary wine and enjoy the chocolate.  Since there was no executive lounge they provide free drink vouchers which I didn't get to use over the 2 nights I was in town.  And at night feel safe as both times as I m getting out of a taxi at 2-3am they made me show my room key to even enter the hotel.
5 Very classy and stylish after its refurb, it felt very posh and grown up but not pretentious as some places can be.  I didn't feel bad for turning up in my jeans to meet a fried for afternoon tea ;-) We opted for the champagne afternoon tea as a treat and then I found out they were serving my favorite - Pommery - I knew it was going to be a good afternoon. There were some sandwiches but to be honest, they were alright - no one goes for afternoon tea for the sandwiches - I was just after the scones and  cake and they did not disappoint.  The cakes were fab, coffee opera cake, battenburg slices, strawberry tarts, chocolate eclairs, date slice, pecan and something slice, fruit and plain scones with clotted cream and jams.  The cake stand was overflowing and we got to take the remains away in a wee box so we could have them later.  Perfect. Will definitely go again.
4 I was very pleased to get a voucher for afternoon tea from The wonderful Carolann for my birthday :0)   How chic that we have a Waldorf Astoria here in Edinburgh! They have made a grand job of the refurbishment and it has a really nice feel about it. We were seated in a half booth style seat in Peacock Alley ready for an afternoon of pampering and indulgence.  We were allocated our waitress for the afternoon and I have to say that she was trained at the Basel Faulty school of hospitality.  It was so bad that we got the giggles!  The waitress took our tea order then came back thirty seconds later to check it again then came back with the wrong tea. Also was telling us how wrecked she was and should really go home ad just stumbled about the place generally, very funny.  Anyway, Basel aside, the afternoon tea was delicious and really nice atmosphere, great decor and highly recommended.   My kind of way to enjoy a Sunday afternoon. Loved it!
4 As a lover of afternoon tea myself and partner went here to celebrate Valentines. I loved the area that they serve the afternoon named 'Peacook Alley' fabby!! The Afternoon tea and waitress very intentive, we drank some Pommery champagne and had a nice chat over some lovely cakes, scones and sandwiches. The only thing i found was that i felt slightly uncomfortable, I really dont know why...possibly down to the fact that the waitress was too attentive??!! and they were sooo keen to impress(musta been my posh clobber lol) that we didnt really get any real length of time to chat. This is a lovely hotel and i would reccommend to anyone!
5 This is an amazing hotel.  The rooms are all unique and I didn't see or taste anything that wasn't incredible.  The only problem with The Callie (the taxi drivers all seemed to call it that) was the price, but that's to be expected especially now that it's a Waldorf Astoria so I can't penalize them for it.
5 Afternoon Tea   Having been to the Dorchester darling I know my fancy afternoon teas!  I have to say that I was really impressed with our tower of goodies. The sandwiches were good but could maybe be a bit more exciting than you plain ham, beef, salmon and egg options. The main event is the cake for me and my what a lot of cake there was.  It included two types of scones, and opera cake, battenburgs, eclairs, a pecan one, fruit tarts and more... soo full! They also bring you cake boxes for if like us you are defeated by the cake selection.  The Champagne also was really nice and a must for any afternoon tea, it just isnt the same without a glass or two of bubbles on the side.  The staff were also lovely and coped well with the 12 of us ladies moving chairs, placing shopping in their way and paying no attention to what we were doing. We were sat in Peacock Alley which apparently used to be an old train station and has now been brought in to part of the hotel. The space is really lovely and airy with lots of space to relax and enjoy yourself.  The Hotel  We were invited with work for a show round of the hotel and I have to say the bedrooms were some of the nicest and roomiest I have been in. I love hotel rooms and find staying in hotels very exciting much to my boyfriend's amusement every time we go away as I inspect the bathrooms and try the tea trays and soaps. What I love about the Calley is that is still retains so many of the lovely old features and beautiful furniture but has all the modern touches and tech that you are used to these days.  The views from the suites are something else - the price tag is too unfortunately but you have a perfect view of Princes Street, the Gardens and the Castle. It really is breathtakingly beautiful and I could just imagine sitting with your champagne watching the sun go down in the huge plush armchair... sigh!
4 Breakfast in the Atrium  Very tasty bacon roll, dry cured bacon, a mix of Back and Streaky rashers, yum!  Coffee was punchy at £4 for an espresso
5 We stayed here for 2 nights early last week, and had a great time.  We took the train into Edinburgh from London... and the journey is definitely a part of the experience.  A quick cab ride from the train station, and we were at the hotel.  Staff was at the door and helped us with our luggage (both large suitcases and the hand luggage).  The checkin process was quick and the staff friendly.  Concierge desk was extremely helpful in finding sites, directions and making dinner reservations.  Hotel is beautiful, and in a great location.  Our room was on the 5th floor (515) and had a nice view of the rear of the City (all sides of Edinburgh are beautiful).  Room was nice, and had a couple of windows, with plenty of space for bags, etc.   Hilton also provided water for every night of our stay.  We left the room for 1/2 and hour one time, and staff had already cleaned it up.  I was only able to use the pool area one time, and it was nice.  No one else was there at the time i went.. and so i had the entire pool area to my self.  After a few laps, i dipped into the hot tub... and then walked into the sauna and steam room.  Overall our stay was great, and also enjoyed afternoon tea at Peacock Alley.  I would definately stay here the next time we are in town.
1 We wanted an upscale room so we booked early and paid more.  When we arrived we were taken to a small first floor room.  It was so different from the room we booked that we returned to the front desk and asked if perhaps there was a mistake.  The staff was "so sorry" but they could do nothing.  We asked if we could pay even more and upgrade - but nothing was available. It was obvious that they had given our room to an earlier arrival.  Okay. Back to our room.  But then we couldn't access the promised Internet service.  Turns out there is a password process that even the first two calls to the desk did not reveal. Thirty minutes later we were finally on the Internet.  But by then we realized the air conditioning did not work on the warmest day of the year.  Back to the front desk. They found a room where it did work - even smaller, probably where nannies and drivers were kept.  we gave up and took it because they said our Internet log-in would work in this room also.  It didn't. So we gave up and went to bed - only to discover that the hotel turns off the air conditioning in the middle of the night to save money.  We sweltered through the night and left early in the morning.   The staff tried to be of service, but this hotel is terrible because of its short term oriented corporate policies of overbooking, ignoring reservations, cheap Internet servers to save money, and cutting off the air conditioning to save money.  This hotel is not worthy of a Motel Six franchise.
3 Gorgeous and historic, but a little underwhelmed.  I booked this hotel for our recent stay when I located a half off deal on Priceline.com.  The reviews were great and the location was perfect.  The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous, but the hallways and rooms are in real need of updating and repair.  The lighting and walls of the hallways just seemed to give off a dirty, old feel.  The room itself was a bit better, but was just really tiny and set up oddly.  The bathroom...the bathroom...I hated that bathroom!!!  The shower curtain fought with me everytime I showered and I almost fell out of the tub once as the surface is so slick..though, they do provide a rubber mat for the bottom.  However, they do provide you with Salvatore Ferragamo toiletries...a nice touch!  The location, however, is perfect!  We walked to everything and only took a cab to and from the airport.  The hotel sits in the shadow of Edinburgh Castle and the views are amazing.  I would like to see the hotel once it has been rehabbed...I can just imagine how brilliant it will be!!!
5 Pure bliss!  Great location, ever better service, and a lovely pool. I will say that if you like a quiet room, don't take one that faces the front of the hotel. Nearby bar patrons line up there for cabs, and light sleepers will be woken up by their revelry.
5 This is the second time I have stayed here. Before it was just the Caledonian Hilton. Now with the renovations they did, it's now a Waldorf Astoria Hilton. I again received a beautiful suite facing the castle with a very comfy bed, great bathroom and lots of windows with wonderful views. The service here is excellent and so is the location. Very pricey so use Hilton points if you can. We really enjoyed this hotel and hope to go back someday.
5 I LOVE this hotel.  But to call the "Caley", just a hotel is akin to calling a Ferrari, just a car, or the Mona Lisa, just canvas and paint....it is much more than that.  For a tourist who has visited this fine city, several times now, it is all things I love about Edinburgh in one location and I cannot think of a better place to stay.   The Caley is right on Princes Street, with terrific views of Edinburgh Castle. If you can try staying in rooms with the low 100 numbers on each floor to experience these views from your room.  However, even if you don't get one of the rooms with a view, with easy walking distance to the shops and attractions on Prince Streets and The Royal Mile; the top notch and friendly service: and the luxuriously appointed rooms it is worth the stay.   If you are a Hilton's Gold member, they treat you very well, with room upgrades and treats for your room. On our stay, we were fortunate enough to be upgraded from a standard king room to a two room suite.  The suite is gorgeous, with 15 foot high ceilings and windows almost as long.   The living room was about 400 sq ft had a dining table, couches, tv, desk and plenty of room to entertain if you chose to.  The bedroom was similar in size, about 350 sq ft, with a king bed and with plenty of closet space.  Once you add in the all marble bathroom, with a necessary heated towel rack, our suite is larger than some apartments.   However, no matter what room you stay in, every person from the bell men, concierge, front desk, to room service treat you so well, you never want to leave.   After staying at hundreds of hotels for business and on vacation, I can truly say that this is one of my most favorite hotels I have ever stayed in.
5 If you're an American who considers the mini mansions on your block impressive, you'll be absolutely blown away by this place.  I wanted to write this review before the Scotch removed all the memories from my experience. I recall it being a lovely stay. The hotel room was stocked with chocolate, fresh fruit and yes, Scotch.   Small rooms, pretty typical of Europe, but nicely decorated and quiet. The hotel is in a great location and is a quick walk from Edinburgh castle and all the main streets.   The bar just off the lobby is great for people watching and drinking things other than Scotch. I probably had three cocktails which were all surprisingly good.  Concierge was a little slow but super helpful. They figured out the buses we needed to take to get around, how we should get to The Highlands, etc.  I can't think of a single reason this hotel deserves less than five stars.
5 Amazing hotel and in such a great location!!  The concierge sent an email to us before we left to ask if there were anything we anticipated needing during our stay.  Our room was spacious, especially for being in Europe, and was very clean.  The turn down service was great, it was so nice coming back from a long day of sightseeing to a turned down bed and soft music playing.  Also, the robes were so comfortable and fluffy.  The hotel itself is beautiful with the grand staircase and the modern chandeliers.  The bar off the lobby is a nice place to sit and get a drink and chat, though we only had beers so I cannot speak for any of their mixed drinks.  We did venture in to the business center and it was quaint and supplied all the needed equipment.    The only thing that could be considered a negative was the piano that was on our floor.  While the piano was pretty and a good addition aesthetically to the floor, in the middle of the night when people get back from the pubs, it's not such a joy.
