5 Food was really good! I ordered the bean chimichanga and it was huge. :) The people are very nice, great service! I will definitely come again! :)
4 Great breakfast burros and hot sauce. Will be back very soon to try the rest.
1 Tried Gordo's out for dinner. Went through drive thru. Took 20 mins to receive food. Ordered enchiladas, chicken chimi, nachos in cheese and a kids meal with taco. It cost $39! Was really surprised! You can eat at Serranos for cheaper and about as fast. Was really hoping for this experience to be different! Staff seemed over whelmed and not very friendly.
1 Oh Gordo's.  I was SO excited when I saw the sign go up that they would be opening, that I would drive by every few days to check to see if they were open yet.  FINALLY, they were open, and I couldn't wait to try them out.  Well, I have now been twice, and both times have been really disappointed.  Sigh.  Here are my experiences:  Visit 1:  A couple days after they opened (so I was keeping an open mind & hoping they would "settle" into a groove and improve).  I asked the cashier guy what was good.  He recommended the pollo fundido burrito, which I happily ordered because you can never go wrong with that (or so I thought).  Also ordered a cheese quesadilla and a bean/cheese burrito (my husband and my "staples" at any mexican restaurant because it's a good way to compare apples to apples, or, burritos to burritos in this case).  Pollo fundido burrito: NOT worth what they charge, which is astronomical, something like $8 or $9 and it's just the burrito, no beans/rice or anything on the side.  The sauce on the top was really kind of sad.  Not much sauce first of all, and nothing to write home about that's for sure.  I literally felt like I was robbed by ordering this burrito.  Robbed of my money and robbed of my love for mexican food.  Just such a disappointing burrito.    Bean/cheese burrito: MEH. Perhaps if they would have actually put some cheese in that bad boy it would have been good.  But the sprinkling of cheese (even though they charged extra for it) left something to be desired.  Quesadilla: double meh.  Were they having a cheese shortage this night??  You would have thought so from the quesadilla.  Come on people, that's all there is in a quesadilla!  CHEESE!  How about you add some next time?!  One of the driest quesadillas I've had.  How can you screw up a quesadilla??    Hot sauces: the red tastes more like a spicy marinara than a taco hot sauce.  Seriously, I would expect it to be on a pizza, not a burrito.  The green sauce was actually quite good.  All in all, a disappointment to say the least (my husband concurs on all of the above by the way!), but I was hopeful that it will just take a little time to get things running smoothly, etc.  Visit 2 (about a week later):  Used the drive thru, which you can't actually order until you get to the window, FYI.  I sat at the window for a while before someone noticed me (the owner or manager I believe).  He told me he'd be with me in a minute, and came back again a little while later to take my order.  I ordered the shredded beef burrito combo plate but substituted shredded chicken instead.  I was asked to pull around to the front & he would bring me my food.  No biggie.  Got my food 5-10 minutes later (not ideal if you're in a hurry, but I wasn't so I didn't mind).  Got home and again, disappointment set in as I started to eat.  This was literally the worst and driest chicken burrito I've ever had in my life. ZERO flavor, ZERO moisture, just simply a bad burrito.  The beans and rice were, well, beans and rice.  Nothing special, and a mediocre serving (especially the beans, perhaps there was a bean shortage this day?).  The combo was $8 and once again, I felt this was over priced for what I got (the portion, but more importantly the lack of flavor).  The red hot sauce seemed to be a "little" more like hot sauce instead of marinara sauce, but otherwise they have A LOT of work to do if they want to stay in business for the long term.  I'm really hoping and pulling for them, because honestly, we NEED a good fast mexican food joint in this area, but right now I can't imagine going back there anytime soon (if ever).  I would much rather make the 20 minute round trip drive to Filiberto's than try this place again.  So so very sad.  :(  I hope they improve over time, I really do.  Fingers crossed.
4 The green chile chimi is by far my favorite thing here.  The salsa is a work in progress and they are asking for feedback to make it better (which hat tip to them for doing so and listening to their customer)  The drive thru is a little slow, and when I got home I got a Fajita chimi when I ordered a Green Chile one, but I will not slam them for that here - would be stupid since the food is so good, my only suggestion would be to make sure and not turn into a McDonalds where every drive thru order is wrong - maybe double check and go over again with person while in car?  Who knows, but I would suggest giving this place a try .. really good so far based on what I have had.
1 If someone decided to run a cafeteria out of their garage, it would be exactly like Gordo's. That is all you really need to know, so feel free to stop reading here.  I was very excited and hoping for a local treasure of a mexican food place just a couple blocks from home. I REALLY wanted to like this place!  What a disappointment. I ordered steak fajita taco salad to go. No, I did NOT do that in the drive through since it is clearly marked CALL AHEAD drive through. As I waited (a reasonable amount of time) for my food, I glanced at what people at the very few tables inside were eating.  Everything I saw looked soupy and slushy and pastel colored - all anemic shades of cafeteria food with no eye appeal at all.  My food smelled great but when I got home and dug in, the steak was barely chewable and tasted old, vaguely reminiscent of liver.  No idea why they called it salad - there was the slightest sprinkle of shredded lettuce in the bottom of the taco shell bowl, literally a spoon or so of mushy tasteless rice and about the same amount of whole pinto beans that I swear came right out of a cafeteria 5# can.  The whole thing was like hospital food at best. Geez, if I can't even get lettuce in a dish labelled salad, then I know the Mayans were right - the world IS coming to an end.  Sadly, I am pretty sure that is true at least for Gordo's.
4 Food is always really good! Fast if you call it in for drive thru otherwise about 10min or more. They have always been really nice & apologetic for wait!
1 I normally love little dive taco shops. I will start out by saying that the staff was very nice and polite. We ordered two bean and cheese burritos to go and it did not take long. I was optimistic at that point. Once we got home to eat we opened the bag and it smelled like seafood. The paper the food was wrapped in smelled like seafood and so did the burritos. The burritos were way over filled. With one bite the tortilla tore and it fell apart. We could not finish our food and were really disappointed.
2 Very average. Not bad, but not good either. There are much better local options.
1 Came here in a good mood with high hopes. Got the food and was excited. My kids cheese enchiladas were ice cold. My husbands burrito was way to greasy and had nothing going for him. The nachos were a joke. Chips with melted cheese. That's it. No tomatoes no nothing. The only thing that was decent was the big cheese crisp that was still dry yet pretty good and if you were to get it then i recommend guacamole because it was very dry. Very disappointed.
1 I'm not sure why we ate here after reading the reviews, but we gave it a shot. I had high hopes for the green chili chimi, but it was flavorless, as were the rice and beans. My boyfriend got the taco-enchilada-tostada combo, which was like something you'd get in a school lunch. Both salsas were just terrible. I'm fairly certain at least half of our food was microwaved leftovers. It was a disappointing experience and we will not be coming back.
1 went there tonight with my wife and 2 year old. We had 6 tacos some rice and 3 waters. $21.00 was what the bill came to. I could not believe that the Tacos were so lights, hardly any meat or cheese for a $2.50 taco. The kids working were friendly, but friendly unfortunately is what I'm paying for. I'm paying a price for a fair value and friendliness is expected. I can't see myself going there again or recommending. Instead I will share my experience and opinion with anyone I can. It's too bad since we are so sick of B King and McDonalds. We were hoping that this place would be good. Thumbs up for starting a business or branching off of Tailgaters. Thumbs down for providing minimal value. Owners are the same from Tailgaters. The food at both places is brutal. The flyers Gordos put out at Desert Fitness are hand written. These people obviously do not share the same passion as other eating places that succeed. Go eat at Trilogy. Kids eat free and you will pay less for way better food.
1 I'm with Moopet not sure why we ate here after reading the reviews but we did.  We got a green chili burrito which was pretty good but not great. Chips were good salsa is very strong oregano flavor which is not to my liking but my wife liked it. I got the fish taco which for $3 a expected more. The fish was a small once frozen fish stick and was topped with cheddar cheese, cabbage, and a chipolte sauce. Possibly the worst fish taco I have had. Beans are peppery pinto beans just like Rubios.
3 Nice Guys,   The Breakfast egg burrito was A-Ok.  Try the verde salsa, unique.  Just a note: the prices even for dinner are all under $8.  Seem to me to be a decent value.
2 Have been twice in last 2 months.  This place is on my way home...(work at val vista/202 and live in Queen Creek).  I agree with Renata K's review.  I was not impressed the first time I went.  I had the Arizona Burrito...it was a touch on the greasy side, and really not much overall flavor.  I wouldn't call it bad, just something you could make better at home, therefore NOT worth spending money for.   I gave them another try today.  Ordered a Carnitas burrito, because Carnitas is what I compare mexican places by.   Unfortunately this was again a burrito with no real flavors.  Very big, but very bland.  From now on I think I will just spend my burrito money at Los Fav's down the street.
4 Comparable prices to other similar Mexican food restaurants in town but much cleaner here. My favorite is the Carter burro and their large selection of glass bottle soda. All the staff is very nice no matter what time of day you go in.
1 Ate here once and my bean burro literally stunk like fish! Seemed to come from their wrapping paper. Restaurant was dirty but staff was nice. Too bad the food was so awful, and mexican is my fave.
5 Love this place! Eat here 2-3 times a week and always call ahead for takeout.  Food is very fresh and the salsa's are good. My personal favorite are the fish tacos.. however the  Gordo burrito is a close second! Thank you Gordo's for great food!
4 Decided to try something new for dinner the other night, and stumbled upon Gordo's.  Their menu was pretty standard for a Mexican food place.  The drive thru is a nice option when you're in a hurry as well.  For a drive thru Mexican food place, I thought the food was great.  It definitely beats Filly-B's and I'll be going back to try their breakfast menu.
5 My family and I moved from San Jose CA last summer and was looking for a good authentic Mexican joint. We tried so many places and none were authentic; all Americanized. We were so happy when Gordo's opened. Went there Grand Opening and since then we go every weekend and sometimes during the week for dinner. Frank (owner) treats us like family; well they actually all treat us like family. This is what you call REAL Mexican food!!!!!
4 Good food. Get it to go. Dining room is dirty. Our high chair was filled with old food. Also, they apparently turn off the A/C at night, which makes for a hot early lunch experience. Cheese enchilada is okay, but shredded beef tacos are awesome.
4 Good Mexican food. Great value!
4 Not sure why this place rated as expensive... average price is about  $6. Staff were  friendly and food was made fresh. Will definitely be coming back
1 So so BAD!  1st visit- Beans must have been a week old and the rice even older. How do you screw up rolled tacos? 2nd- 20 minutes in drive thru for 2 mini tacos and jr. bean burrito. They initially handed me the wrong order and then took it back.  They apologized and said they had a mix-up with a bunch of orders.  Glanced in the rearview mirror only to be confused that I was the ONLY car in the drive thru.  When I arrived home, I discovered that my order was again incorrect.  Even the incorrect food was terrible.  Never again. Too bad nice building!
4 The main complaint I would give is the time it takes to prepare the food in drive thru.  Just be prepared to wait as long as you would in the store just that you are doing it in your car.  All the food is good and have not had any issues with quality or taste.  Would recommend if you are looking for some good Mexican food.
4 I am really happy to write this updated review, and I'm glad I went back to give them another chance! The food has improved significantly since last year, and I'm in love with their red salsa/hot sauce (although I wish they would fill up the little cups they serve them in so I don't have to ask for a million of them).    Prices are a little high compared to other similar places, but for the convenience/location next to my neighborhood it's worth it. Oh, and by the way, the tortillas are awesome.   Way to go Gordo's!
4 Great portions, yummy burritos. Try the super fries, better yet ask for a super fries burrito! Friendly service, prices about what you'd expect. Daily specials. I usually have a breakfast burrito add green chile.
3 My husband and I tried this place out because it was close and had a coupon deal. My husband for the Ava pollo fundido and was pretty good. The beans have ZERO taste!! I had the enchiladas... They were made with corn tortillas and had a weird taste. So disappointing. Glad I didn't pay full price! Don't think I will be back sadly.
4 Better that Filly B's. fresh ingredients. I loved the Tina burro with fresh avocado and pico ! We will be back!
3 Ok I have been here at least 5 or more times.I enjoy their chicken calle tacos and chimis. However I tried the chicken enchiladas combo and was a bit disappointed. The shredded pollo was seasoned good and the red sauce was thin. However the side of rice was literally a teaspoon full. Really? Disappointing for $7 bucks.
4 Gordos is great food for the price. The staff is very friendly and accomudating. They're breakfast burritos are as good as anyone in the area. For me it all starts with the tortilla and they have quality tortillas. I also like that they have a salsa bar.
4 The burritos here are the best in the area. I used to drive to Burrito Shack, but now I just get the Gordos or California Burrito here. They are filling and taste great. In fact even my teenager was full. The salsa I think is just okay, not great. They also give you free hot coffee too.  The prices are average for a burrito, but it's definitely a great value. I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but if you want a good burrito, give them a try!
4 Great food and really good prices! Staff is good most the time and has always got the order right. 3 words: Ava Pollo Fundido. If you like a Jalepeno kick and chicken chimichangas then that's your dish. Carne Asada Quesadilla is the bomb and they give you guac and sour cream FREE here! Nice little joint and nice to support local places.
5 My favorite local Mexican place! I can't stay away! I absolutely love their cheese enchiladas. Their 99 cent Monday through Thursday deals are nice add-ons. I also like their bean and cheese burritos, although it wouldn't kill them to add a bit more cheese. Sometimes the service is less than stellar (slow speed, credit card machine issues, unfriendly male employee), but nothing awful enough to keep me away for long.
4 I've driven by many times, but never stopped.  With a restaurant.com certificate in-hand we stopped this time.  It's a very small place.  I would estimate 10 tables/booths.  You order at a counter and they bring it to you when it's done.  The menu is a sign above the counter.  Very "divey".  Our group ordered a variety of things.  As always, at  a "new" place I order a chimi (or, in this case, burro because they didn't have a chimi).  It was very good.  Everyone seemed to like their food.  For the price this is pretty good.  The ambiance sucks, but the food is what you come for.  Not the best Mexican I've had, but definitely the best within about 10 miles of my house.
4 This is a great authenticate Mexican food restaurant. The food is good but the place is a little run but overall a god eat!
4 Went here for thr first time today. I ordered the surf and turf burrito and my hub ordered carnitas torta. You can tell the meat wasn't just thrown on the cook top. They marinate their meat and it was very tasty. My husband thought it was the best tasting carnitas ever. and he has had plenty of carnitas in his life. Its usually it's very dry but here is wasn't.  Salsa bar stocked with good salsa and service was good.  Can't wait to go back and try more stuff.
2 Just okay. I was craving Mexican good but didn't feel like getting out of car on way home, so I bought the yelp promo! Thank goodness I only paid $5! The carnitas was tough and dry, the red chile meat was the cheapest cut of meat allowable for human consumption. Not all bad though, the rice and beans were good. And the $.99 tostada was good too. IF I go back, it will be for rice, beans and tostada. Afraid to try anything else!
4 Good chorizo and Egg burritos
5 I had the sausage breakfast burrito and my girlfriend had the bacon breakfast burrito. Both were fantastic! Not dry like most breakfast burritos from the chains. Also pricing was very reasonable. Service was good from start to finish on our order. Two thumbs up. This is a must try for breakfast if you are in the area. I plan to try a lunch/dinner item next. After which, I will update my review to include the latter.
