4 Very cool spot, drinks are kind of pricey ($14 for a Macallan 12) but GM Scott is very helpful.
5 Make sure to come when Scott the GM is there. He's a nice standup guy who knows his stuff. The band that's playing there (def on thursdays) plays the best classic from the Rat Pack and takes request. I hope to visit the place every time i'm in town!
5 Is the best cigar shop I have found. Prices,Service and Selection were all great..
1 I've been to this place half a dozen times, largely because I had high hopes for it. We need a good cigar lounge in the area to replace the long gone Cigar Bar at the Rampart. But this place short pours the drinks. They claim to pour 1.5 ounces, but you're lucky to get enough to wet the bottom of the glass. At Onyx Bar in Red Rock they pour closer to 2 ounces for less money than this place charges for just a thimble full of booze. This has been brought to the manager's attention more than once, and they have refused to change their stingy pouring methods. (They use a 1 oz. jigger, fill it not quite to the top and call that one ounce, then fill it again to the half way point and call it half an ounce. Anyone who took high school geometry will know this is a clever way to make sure the customer gets no more than about an ounce.)  Apparently people who drink scotch and cognac have noticed. We were there Tuesday night and they issued last call at 8:45 because they didn't have enough customers. What sort of cigar lounge closes at 8:45? We passed on the last call and went to Onyx just as La Casa was denying service to two more customers that had just walked in. In a blink of an eye they just lost four customers because they didn't want to stay open. This place doesn't act like it wants to be in business.  If you go to this place, stick to bottled beer if you value your cash. Meanwhile, my friends and I will do our cigar and fine whiskey drinking somewhere else where you get a legitimate pour at a decent price, and they won't run you out at 9 pm.
4 Pretty relax ambience. Live music (jazzy music today). I don't smoke cigars, but the humidor looks pretty cool. Nice relaxing time with some friends.
4 Sticks are comparably priced to other shops and drinks are alright as well.  I need to give it another try as some event was happening and there was a bit too much hip hop and rap blasting from a DJ and a huge crowd for my taste.  But friends who frequent it said it's usually laid back and relaxing with more a Rat Pack soundtrack and vibe.  Nice to have a place to go enjoy a cocktail and cigar that's open later and not on the Strip.
4 We walked around Tivoli after lunch to see what's new and were to surprised to see a cigar shop.   We browsed their humidor which is rather large and filled. I've never seen that many Rocky Patels before, theres a few brands I've not seen in other shops and they have their own house cigars. I don't pretend to be a expert, but I think I dabble enough to see that things I have had, they weren't hiked up crazy and were prices I was okay paying. We ended up getting something we haven't really seen elsewhere, Kristoff Original Maduro which ended up being fantastic for $10. Seriously would consider that as a good everyday.   The bartender was beyond nice from the time we walked in, explaining about the place and their features. We decided to have a drink and she was more than helpful in that department and let us look at bottles and check them out and even let us sample something we haven't really seen before. We settled on Balvenie Carribean Cask which was I believe $14. She thought about little things like asking if we would want water and we wanted to sit outside. It was a bust as it was too windy where the smoke just blew in our faces so we went inside. When we were inside she asked hows the music level and if it was something we liked. Most people don't think about stuff like that. It was Top 40 pop which wasn't exactly our thing and she let the BF change the stations. It was really cool big plus for me since we were the only ones in the main room at that time. It was early so it wasn't the most bumping time.   They do live music as it gets later though. Reggae Weds. ($4 martinis 6-9), Contemporary Ladies Night Thurs. ( $4 red win 6-9) , Best Jazz + Contemporary New Orleans Style Fri. , Dean Martin and Frank Sinatra Sat. (apparently cast from the show Rat Pack). Their hours are a bit flexible right now, but on nights with music sometimes they can be open rather late.  I really don't hang out in cigar lounges, but this one felt comfortable enough that we decided to hang out instead of take a cigar home. I'm a fan and definitely will be back.
4 I'm not a smoker of any kind but I found this place to be rather pleasant - with the live jazz music and airy environment. Really great spot to sit and listen to music.
5 Love this place, great vibe, great wine list, great entertainment too. I am not a cigar Aficionado nor a cigarette smoker, but I still loved it...
5 Best Cigar Lounge in Vegas...
5 Highly recommended if ur in the area..
4 We paid Tivoli Village a visit for Dishcrawl's Vegas debut afterwards we went over to La Casa Cigar Lounge for a smoke and nightcap. It has a huge properly humidified humidor with a good selection that is reasonably priced. I just love the smell. I could camp out in there all night. Instead, my husband tore me away and we went out on the back patio. It was a nice place relax for an evening. Midnight came much too soon. I see more evenings there in our future. It would only be better with a good beer selection. In the meantime, wine and whiskey will do.
5 Wonderful atmosphere to have some relaxed fun with friends. The drinks were great, the service was right on, and while I don't do cigars, my friends all liked them. There was also some nice live music and a fun, yet tame crowd.
4 LIVE Jazz was what brought us in! Walking around Tivoli Village realizing how small this "mall" really is (how disappointing) we were drawn in by the sounds of a LIVE Jazz band... Wait, LIVE and Jazz in the same sentence?! Yessir!!!  I've never known what the difference between a good or bad cigar, but leave it to my husband to teach me! I've NEVER come across a cigar that I was a fan of, NEVER. As I've told my hubs, "They all taste like Butt!!" and his response is always "You've tasted butt?!?! Eww!!" Ugh, booger. But he selected one Padrón, an anniversary series... Again-- never came across a cigar I liked-- 'til tonight. I now know about that taste that my hubs speaks of!   Tonight's lesson: my new fondness of cigars + LIVE (capitalized bc the only other LIVE Jazz I've found is at the Cosmo) Jazz Band found locally + the lovely ladies on staff = our new Friday night hangout!!  Why the star deduction? Here it is: One person, per use-- UNISEX restroom. Call me a "potty snob" but I find it pretty damn uncomfortable going in as a person of the other sex is coming out. I'm the only female in my household and growing up my brother and I shared a bathroom... As clean as my guys are, boys are kinda gross. As much as I want to think that the other sex washes their hands, wipes down the seat and doesn't adjust the jewels all nice and raw, I know damn well that they don't. Don't get me wrong, females are disgusting in their own right, but as nice, clean and easy on the schnozzola, it's just an uncomfortable situation for me.  Love,  The Potty Snob ;)
5 This is one of the coolest spots in Vegas.  I'm an avid live music fan and this place does it right, and four nights a week (Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday).   Great ambiance, nice patio, great staff.  The cigar selection is wonderful and the bar is stocked full of great scotch as well everything else you could probably think of.  The last time I went I was with a girl that was hesitant about the smoke and whether her hair would stink the next day (women), but she said its actually well ventilated and the smoke was minimal.  La Casa is definitely a place you could find me at a few times a week.
3 So far, Like is more accurate than Love to describe how I feel about this place.   I like the idea way more than the execution. I want to like it more than I do for the simple reason that the cigars are overpriced and so is the liquor. Not as killer on the wallet as the Whiskey Attic though. Though I'd swear I saw most of the bottles at Total Wine at one time or another.  Overall the space is inviting and I like how the seating spills out onto the patio. Lighting is really nice and I love the look of the Scotches and assorted bottles back on the bar. The selection there is quite nice, even if the cigar selection isn't quite as extensive as I would have thought, what with the room they have. Actually, most are high ( Corollas and Fuentes ) and some are right on ( see for yourself ).  The music is okay, even if the musicians are a bit crowded. Though the "special room" cost is exceedingly overboard. Ask, so you can chuckle, too.  And I think that the serving of alcohol past the front doors is not quite in line with being legal. But maybe they found a way around that. Just hate to see them get shut down without a chance of establishing themselves.  I'll go back and try again. Give another go at what I hope is a happening place.
4 Great place, good music & service, awesome cigar selections (but no Macanudos :( I do find that it helps to know what you are doing when visiting the humidor, as the choice is mostly left up to you and if you are not as knowledgeable in this area you could absolutely abhor your selection and that dampens your visit a bit. Prices are pretty decent too, beers are about $7. Cigar prices vary, but it's not a smoke shop so that was no real surprise. I had a server the other night which was a bit confused, but most of my experiences here had been exceptional and I will continue to frequent this location.  I did have an experience here once where a woman at a surrounding table asked me to please stop blowing smoke hear her/her table. I may have casually mentioned that although she might have not noticed, the sign did say "cigar bar" upon walking in....thought that was pretty funny.  I will continue to be a regular!
2 The staff was friendly, and we got served right away; but that's where it ended. We didn't see a server again for an hour, as we sat for over half an hour with empty drinks. My cigar, that I got from their humidor, was dry and split half way through smoking it. I will never go back to this place. I was highly disappointed.
2 Fun place for hanging out with friends.  Excellent live music.   The down side. $85 for a small bottle of verve clicquot.  And to top it off it wasn't even cold, 2nd cheap wine glasses for top prices on wine.  Manager rude.  From now on, I'll bring my own liquor.
5 Such a chill place, great music almost every night!  ... Oh and the staff isn't bad looking either! ;-)
2 Good variety but I did not appreciate Jennifer's condescending attitude towards me as a woman.  She assumed I was new and failed to qualify my needs until I insisted she was not showing me what I was looking for.   I don't appreciate being called baby girl and she offered to cut my cigar after i had been smoking it gir 5 minutes.   Not very attuned of her.
1 Terrible service from all of the bartenders. One mocked the great Nieve M. singer and got up onstage to sing a version of "f you" a good performance but continued to talk badly of the own performer she hired. Expensive brews for being imported and domestic. Humidor has good selections not not variety.
4 Great place! Good selection of cigars, wine, and liquor. Very friendly bar tenders. An all around splendid place to send the day.
4 Oh Gosh!  I had such a great time.  After running errands all day on Saturday I stopped in and had another great meal at Echo and Rigg and admittedly too much to drink.  I decided to walk down to the cigar bar and have something other than alcohol and check it out.  First off... Hats off to "Jax".  She was fabulous.  I had never touched a cigar in my life so she helped me understand the choices and hooked me up.  I sat at the bar rather enjoying my cigar and definitely enjoying the music and crowd.  Granted, I had a pretty good glow going when i walked in the door but I'm going back with friends for a second visit.  It's Vegas!  Why the heck not?  God I love this town!
5 I love coming here after a long day at work.    I am a member so the member area is great.  I wish they didnt have live music all the time its too loud for when we are trying to enjoy a cigars with friends.
1 This is NOT a place for the real cigar smoker...it's basically what you might expect to find on the strip, or some tourist rip-off joint.   (You know a cigar store is legit if they carry Davidoff, AND a selection off cheap, but good quality un-labeled cigars). Needless to say, this place does not qualify on those counts.   Frankly, I buy my cigars online, so as to avoid getting sodomized by retailers. Cigar rapery is especially acute in vegas.   The only reason I came in here was for the live music which was pretty decent. especially the cuban band. The otehr house bands are ok . Nothing great, but what do you expect for free? That's really the only thing this place has got going. In fact i started coming here regularly until i got annoyed with manager and staff. Really not the best or brightest bunch. Bitch, I was smoking gloria cuban wavells, when they were still good (circa pre-cigar afficionado mag)   To summarize, this is a pretentious wannabe "cigar lounge" which caters to people who don't know cigars, and RAPES on liquor prices.
4 chill spot, smooth jazz, good cigars (doesn't break your wallet)  This spot i came with my lady last time and it does not disappoint. Defiantly a place to hangout with friends and business acquaintances.
5 Having a GREAT FRIDAY night with friends that I consider family!!  This Lounge has Live Music nightly. And tonight's band Rheda K's Jazz Crew is exceptional.  I highly recommend this place, there's a great patio. It's comfortable inside and out. Justina is a most wonderful server that made us feel welcome and was always on top of it with speedy beverage service... Visit this place once. And you'll return!!
3 Descent selection of cigars nothing special or hard to find cigars , pretty over priced. Good ambience too hang out and enjoy a cigar and watch the game
5 I really love this place.  I've been to several cigar lounges throughout Las Vegas and this one is my favorite.  Its super class  with super comfy seating.  The regulars have a certain way about them. Very pleasant and mindful people. The staff os great. They are attentive but never in the way or obnoxious.  La Casa has live music outside which is awesome! I just love the ambience that they provide.  I also love their espresso and selection of cigars. I recommend the Arturo Fuente cigar. By far my favorite.
4 Nice spot to hang out and enjoy a premium smoke and coffee. The Tivoli Shops were great for my wife and an hour relaxing in Casa was a nice reward for me. Selection in the humidor was ample, surroundings were very nice and upscale. The house cigar brand was a bit weak but plenty of nice smokes to choose from. All in all, Casa was a nice place and I'd go back again. It's worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood.
