4 Now I had a good excuse to go to the mall. I need to go for early voting!    This polling place is located inside the mall on the first level out in front of Kohls. It doesn't matter what precinct you're assigned to, any registered voter can vote here during early vote week. The lines were long but there were plenty of election monitors and the polling place here was well staffed and organized. So it was a relatively a short wait in line.  Everyone that I encountered was pleasant and professional. As I got to the front of the line a polling assistant lead me to one of the election clerks sitting at the tables. Since I took the address label from my voter ballot with me, all they had to do was scan the barcode.  You don't have to bring your sample ballot but it does make the process move faster.  Verification is determined by the signature match on file, birthdate and address. Election clerk did not ask for any ID.  After signature verification, I was handed a plastic card and led to the polling area. From there the poll worker let me know which election monitor is available.    The election monitors are touch screen and are activated once you insert the card inside the machine. Think ATM machine...that's how these monitors operate.  These screens were super sensitive I noticed.  Just a slight touch of the screen was all it took.  I followed the easy to read prompts on the monitor, made my choices, watched my ballot get printed and made sure it was all correct then casted my vote. Voila!!  It took about 3 minutes total. Your card ejects and as you exit just hand it to the poll worker collecting it.  Another poll worker handed me my "I Voted!" sticker. That's it! Whole process was real easy.
4 Yes! I voted!     Thanks to the Galleria Mall's Early Voting Center (near Kohl's on level 1), voting was an enjoyable experience. The long line (a good thing because people are voting) went by fast. It seemed that shopping was just as much on people's mind as voting. The line concluded at a table manned by Election workers. Here one of them scanned the booklet they sent me that shows my name, address, and the sample ballet. Subsequently, she gave me a card that I would place into the voting machine and directed me to wait by the American Flag. From the American Flag, I walked to a voting machine, and cast my vote.    These voting machines are not the dinosaurs of the past. The voting machines of today are easier to use than an ATM Machine. It was as easy as touching a circle, then pressing next. Casting my vote was as easy as pressing "submit."     A couple of things before I conclude this review. I would like to thank Shirley. B for putting this on Yelp, and recommend reading her excellent review. And most of all, "Your vote counts."  I used Galleria Mall as my check-in.
5 Very efficient voting.... lot's of last minute people there voting and they were moving them throught the process!
5 The people was helpful I didnt need drivers licence. It was easy as pie. I was in and out with in seven mins tops :) Yey I Voted woot! Woot!
5 Hurray for Early Voting in Nevada!    This location generally had long lines--I stopped by the mall a few times during early voting periods and there was generally a line on workdays after 5 pm and most times on the weekends.  Even with the line, this voting site gets five stars for moving the line along fast and having a great staff of  volunteers.  I finally jumped into the line on the last day of early voting and the line was about 100 people deep.  But we moved forward steady, they found my name on the voter roll quickly, and the volunteers were very welcoming.
5 Speed. If you're the type that likes to get in, get out, and get on with your life, the Early Voting Site at the Galleria Mall is a place you'll like. If you've ever voted outside of Nevada, you're REALLY going to like this place. The staff is friendly and helpful, and the entire process from checking your ID to getting your sticker saying I Voted! is a breeze. And the touch screens make it easy to vote, no punch cards or hanging chads tied to the memories of a past Florida presidential election to worry about here. You make your choices, you see it on screen, you see it on the paper print out beside the screen. You leave feeling your vote is secure and it will be accurately counted. It doesn't get any easier than this.   5 Stars. Because short of being able to vote right from your phone it doesn't get better than this.   Special Note: I want to say THANKS to Shirley B. for checking in here. I saw her check-in and it reminded me to go vote!   (Note: The wait for the Presidential Election a few months back was 25 minutes. For the City of Henderson election for Mayor...I was in and out in under 4 minutes.   Pssst: Colorado? Missouri? Send your Election Officials to Clark County, see how voting is supposed to be!  (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #10)
5 It only took a few minutes to get my voting done at this location, and there was no line whatsoever. I went during the afternoon and the people working the poll were very friendly! If you go in with your sample ballot prepared, it won't take long at all for you to get it finished. You don't need to have a sample ballot with you but it definitely makes the process go way faster- so I recommend going with the sample ballot if you received it in the mail. You don't need to show I.D. or voter registration card either. Very simple process and quick! I definitely recommend coming to this location to do your voting!
