5 We were excited to find this place. The Samoan food was amazing, according to my husband.  I loved all of the leis, t-shirts and islander jewelry.  The owner was very kind and gracious. :-) Check it out!
4 I recall this place being some sort of Tongan and Samoan market a few years back.  Uncle that was serving me claims that the owners have switched several times until it became the Hungry Islander.    Inside you will find that the mom and pop Polynesian store specializes in anything from crafts, memorabilia, collectibles, canned islands foods, frozen turkey tails, lamp chop necks, as well as other island favorites (Manapua, Zippy's chili, Portugese Sausage, S&S Saimin, Shumai, etc.).  As usual, Polynesian hospitality was in full effect and although ran on a skeleton crew of two when I was there, there was no shortage of courtesy what so ever.  Also, remember that because I am from the islands, I ain't scared to tell it how it is, so no bias perspectives here, uh thank you.  You will trip out wondering where the food is at first, but you will find that there is a buffet bar towards the rear of the establishment, serving up daily made hot and fresh Sapasui, Palm corned beef and cabbage, Faiaai Pilikaki and Samoan Sausage.  The dishes are served with rice or taro and comes in 1,2 and 3 entree plate lunches.  The only thing is that the cheapest starts at $10.99 and the grinds are take out only.  Its hard to go wrong with corned beef and cabbage, the sausage could use a little more seasoning or at least a dipping sauce, but was very tender to say the least.  The Faiaai Pilikaki (Mackerel and Mayo Mix) was ohhh so good, but probably not the best in terms of calories.  I had my dish with taro and didn't complain about the serving portions.  After all, Samoa's number 1 export ain't coconuts or green bananas...it's NFL athletes.  I will most likely be back to by some goods for the house.  The pricey plate lunches may reserve my cravings to maybe once every month or so.  Still, Polynesian food is a not as easy to come by unlike its Hawaiian cousins.  I already know all the true sole's must know about this place, now that they have been here for over a year this April.   If you like Samoan food, and because it is somewhat of a specialty due to its scacity, I would have rated this place a 3.5-3.75, rounding it to a nice 4 star experience.  Not bad at all.  Cheeee Hooooooo!
5 BEST Samoan food in all of Las Vegas! Its delicious and homemade! Love this place!!
