5 I love this place! The new owners are very friendly and they did very good job on my nails. This is my new favorite place to get my nails done.
5 Best mani/pedi that I've received in North Las Vegas. They took their time and the price was well worth it!
5 This place has been my favorite for a long time, I wont go anywhere else to get my pedicures. They are very friendly, caring and always do an amazing job. You also get great service for a good price :)
5 I really don't want anyone to know about this hidden gem.. but they deserve the credit!!  I have been looking for a good place for a pedi since i got back to Vegas a couple of months ago.. Tried a few places but wasn't impressed at all.  Then I read the reviews on yelp and decided to give Ruby nails a try.  I made an appointment and arrived on Wed. and it was empty.. so Michelle the owner, took care of me. I had the Deluxe Pedi since I am going away  for a month or so and don't want to have to look for somewhere to get a pedi while away.  She did an excellent job.. perfect, just how I love it.. she used the tools I like.. took her time with me. (I had plenty of time) and did a great job.  The salon is extremely clean and everything looks brand new, the massage chairs were so comfy I could have fallen asleep.  This will be my go to place for pedis that is for sure!!
5 This is definitely the Best place to get your nails done!! My pedicure was the Best I've ever had!! Michelle assisted me and she is super sweet and very accomadating!! I'll be back for sure!! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5 Ruby nails is the best salon I have been to in this town. I have been going there since it first opened. The previous salons I have gone to before Ruby's cannot even compare. The high quality service and reasonable prices they provide makes them a five star business. I am very impressed with their cleanliness and friendly enviroment. They put pride into their work.
5 I have lived in North Las Vegas for a few years and have tried just about every nail salon in my area. I found that most rush through services and even damage or hurt my nails and cuticles. I never knew Ruby Nails was right next to my house! They are hidden in the back of a strip mall.  Michelle was my nail tech and she did a wonderful job. She took her time and made sure I felt relaxed.  Their prices are also much lower than a lot of salons I have been too. I will definitely be going back soon!
5 This is definitely the Best place to get your nails done!! My pedicure was the Best I've ever had!! Michelle assisted me and she is super sweet and very accomadating!! I'll be back for sure!! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5 This is the place for the BEST pedicure in the world!!! The staff is super sweet, very accommodating and caring. It's also very clean!! Michelle assisted me and did an excellent job on my pedicure and manicure!! I was absolutely happy with my nails!! I'm now a customer forever! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5 This is the place for the BEST pedicure in the world!!! The staff is super sweet, very accommodating and caring. It's also very clean!! Michelle assisted me and did an excellent job on my pedicure and manicure!! I was absolutely happy with my nails!! I'm now a customer forever! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5 This is the place for the BEST pedicure in the world!!! The staff is super sweet, very accommodating and caring. It's also very clean!! Michelle assisted me and did an excellent job on my pedicure and manicure!! I was absolutely happy with my nails!! I'm now a customer forever! Thank you "Ruby Nails!"
5 Decent nail shop, unlike some I've been too. The technicians were very nice and they give you a HOT STONE massage. I though that was different and relaxing! They have different prices but all pedicures come with the hot stone massage starting at $25, $35, and $50.
5 I moved to North side and tried new nail places.. couldn't find any good nail shops around here so I was searching and I found this place with Yelp. I went there last night.. I went there kind of late and had only hour left to closing time. Their service was great still and have reasonable price for the designs that I asked.. they charged me cheaper than other places. I love designs so I always get some stones or drawings things like that.. some places are so expensive and they don't know how to make it right.. feels like  getting rip off.. But this place is very satisfied! I like the owner Ruby too. She is so nice! I would go back there again.
5 I moved to Vegas about 2 years ago. Previous to that I would occasionally get my nails done (full set) but I didn't enjoy going back every 2 weeks for fills. I am, sadly, a stress- induced nailbiter so I really never had a need to go and get my nails done (too old for proms and what have you).  My best friend ended up moving out here a few months ago and she's a big mani-pedi person and gets the gel nail polish. She asked if I knew of any good places and I didn't so she got on Yelp to see what North Vegas had to offer. She saw the reviews and outstanding rating so she maid an appointment for us both to get mani-pedis.   Pedis first: Michelle took care of me and her husband took care of my friend and it was amazing. I never had a spa pedicure before and let me just say... the scrub and those hot rocks are absolute Heaven! We are both flip-flops girls so our heels were looking pretty rough. When they were done our feet looked absolutely amazing and the experience was so relaxing. Not to mention the price is killer! I thought it would be more so it just added to my experience.  Manis next: Michelle did both of our manis and again it was the best mani experience I've had. Normally nail techs at other salons look at my fingers and think "dear got what has she done... cuticles suck... nails hardly exist" and I end up bleeding often as they tear at my cuticles (makes me dread a next appointment). Not her. She was very gentle with my disasters for hands and cleaned them all up without making me wince or bleed once. I had actually even forgotten to tell her I wanted a full set put on and, despite being close to their closing time, she didn't skip a beat and was so kind and wonderful and did my full set for me.  They are enjoyable to be around, they talk and joke with you. The facility is so clean and nice. I know there are a couple nail places closer to my house, but I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else. Their customer service is second to none. They take pride in their business and it shows. A+ for sure.
5 I loved this place so much. Beautiful inside, very clean, and nice equipment The pedicure chairs are amazing, and you can get a mani/pedi for $35. I will be coming back again
5 Thank you Kim for the good and relaxing spa pedicure.. The use of hot stones when my legs/feet were being massaged felt good too even though different.. And they were friendly too.. Will definitely go back! :)
5 I'm sitting here now and this place is wonderful! The lady and man who own it are both really kind people.  I only live 2 miles from here and now that I've discovered it,I'm going to come here all the time!!
1 This place was terrible!!  I just moved to this side of town and I was searching for a new  nail place.  I found them on Yelp and was so impressed with the comments that I had to try them.  There were numerous issues:  1.  I called for an appointment and still waited almost 40 minutes past my appointment time...even though I arrived 10 minutes early.  2.  I started with the owner, Michelle.  She did a fantastic job on two of my nails.  Then two regulars came in...who had appointments and she left me to go with one of them.  Hardly the way a new customer should be treated...especially if you want them to be a regular.  3.  I was handed off to someone with very little to no experience.  He was so unaware of what was happening that he tried to use the dremel to file down my nails that had already been filed down because he thought there was already acrylic on them.  His hands were shaking...and he didn't listen when I asked for the acrylic to be thin.  My nails ended up being very lumpy and very thick.  The straw that broke the camels back was when he picked up the dremel and immediately hit my cuticle.  I backed up and stated I would wait for Michelle to finish with her customer.  4.  Michelle immediately stopped what she was doing to finish up with me.  She did what she could to smooth out the ridges and lumps and make the nails as thin as possible.  I did have to ask her to go over my nails with the gel twice because she was missing the top corners...and I had to ask her to smooth some lumps and the unevenness of the acrylic.  That is something I don't think I should have to ask for.  She should be able to see where gel or polish is missing and correct it herself.  Instead, I felt like she was in a hurry to get me done and she didn't care.  5.  Overall, I considered going back after all that...but today I've noticed the gel is cracking and chipping...not to mention, she didn't file the side edges of my nails and now they are growing out and lifting.  Poor quality for sure.  Not worth the $30 I paid.
5 I moved to north last Vegas from California last week and was in need of a nail salon. I feel like I've found the holy grail! Michelle did my nails and I haven't had a better experience at any other nail salon. Honestly I've always bounced around salons trying to find something that's good quality and great service. This is both. I'm going in next week for a spa pedicure which she swears are amazing so I'll update then! If you're looking for a place id honestly recommend stopping in. I always call for an apt. Just setting yourself up for better service. Thank you Michelle for such great service !
5 Wow the previous reviews are all spot on!  This place is a gem!  One if the fastest and best pedicures I have ever had. Very detailed and they really do a lot of massage with the orange scrub then again with the hot stones which was amazing. Plus it was also very affordable.  They didn't try to up sell me on any thing like some if the other salons, they just did it as part of the basic price ($25).  AMAZING!!  I will be back and often!
3 This place is awesome!! I walked inn and it was nice and clean I mean really clean. :) Costumer service was great, friendly & comfy. I got the gel deluxe pedicure & gel full set. This was one of the best pedicures I've ever had. They take their time, use really good products, and hot stones! Massaging  chairs are fantastic. My full set came out super cute. Love my nails definitely a must go to place to experience it your selfs.:)
2 Read the good reviews decided to try it. I was a walk in friendly helped right away ( it was early morning) any ways she didn't know how to do the shape I wanted I settled for a  pointed almond. It cost extra for that don't know why... They were to thin And 2 days later it looked like I needed a fill. Plus it took her over an hour to do . I spent 35 with tip plus I brought my own polish so it really wasn't worth it ....I'll go else where next time
5 Great experience here. Very friendly to walk-ins. The deluxe pedicure is FANTASTIC and includes sugar scrub, hot stone massage & mud treatment. I recommend it & will be back!!!
5 This place is great! 25$ for a spa pedicure and they went above and beyond! It was my first time getting it done where they actually used warm massaging rocks on my legs! Love it
1 I made an appointment for Saturday at 5pm for 3 people a few days prior.  When I got there on Saturday, an employee looked at me and was wondering why I was there.  I told her I had an appointment.  She said they would be closed at 5pm and there is no appointment.  When I insisted that I had an appointment, she finally looked at the calendar and said, "ok, your appointment is 3 pedicures, right?"  She had forgotten my appointment... :(  This gets worse!  Not only they forgot my appointment, they didn't have enough staff to provide the service to 3 of us.  When we told them, we made the appointment prior to Saturday, instead of apologizing, she kept making excuses by saying that they were short staff..  (how about call me and tell me they wouldn't able to provide the service?)    I also asked for design, but they only had 4 samples to choose from and didn't even bother asked me which design I wanted, and just finished without giving me the design.  They might do a good job on other days, but I don't recommend going there when they want to close early even thought their website said they open until 7pm!!
5 Best pedicure I've ever had. I don't want to go anywhere else. The only tiny comment I have is that there wasn't any music playing in the salon so it was strangely quiet but I still recommend this place to all my friends.
1 I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK! TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!  I read all the great reviews and thought great i could get cute nails for prom, so i made an appointment a week prior. The day of my appointment i went in and she forgot me! So she made me wait. i waited and while she was doing my nails a walk in came in and i asked her if she could do a simple design on all my nails she said no to me! i was mad and she said to dry my nails so i did, and she said ok your ready to go i reached in my purse to get my wallet and the nail polish came off! She asked me to wait for her AGAIN! I said no i will be back first thing in the morning before prom and i went back and it was empty but she still did not want to add simple strip design on my nails because she didn't have time.... i will not be back!!
5 Just moved in the area had terrible luck until I found ruby nails! It's less than a mile from home and they r amazing great work very nice I will def be coming back! Shauna did an amazing job on my nails I told her something simple but elegant and she delivered! I will def be back! ;)
3 Under new mgmt???!!  Where's Ruby??  . I had to settle for another lady. Hope she's as good as Ruby was. I'll update later after I get my pedi.   Does anyone know where Ruby is?
4 I have been to this shop 2xs now. I'm in love with their pedicures!!! That's the reason I decided to come back. I've never got a design from here yet that's why I'm only putting 4stars, maybe when I go back I'll try to ask for a design. Each time I've got the deluxe pedi and gel manicure with just one color. This time I did ask them to add a little glitter to the tips. I haven't been disappointed yet. The pedis are so nice & relaxing and for a decent price. Been to other nail shops in Vegas and this so far is my favorite for pedis.
5 I posted a review before about how amazing this place is. Ruby Nails has new management now and is even more amazing. Prices are still fantastic and everything I loved before about it is still the same, but Shauna, the new owner, is awesome with designs. I get overlays done and can bring her in any picture of nails and she will do them just like it. She also has tons of design examples on display to help with any undecided nail design enthusiasts. (Mind you I only see Shauna, I cannot comment on the others there). My husband and I also get pedicures done and the massages are to die for. I'm always nervous techs will hurt me, but I've had nothing but positive experiences here. She also does a frequent customer rewards thing.
5 I work right across the way from these guys when ruby sold the shop I was sad. But the new people here seem very friendly they took us in right away no appt.  They offer a wide variety of pedicure options . The ice cream. Pedi sounded great but I'm on a budget so we opted for the simple deluxe pedi for $35 . They give a hot stone massage with purchase.  Very clean environment I just wish they had music. Smells good in here too. And for the guy who I've heard people's opinion about. He did a fantastic job on my massage and the overall health of my nails was tended to. I also got french tip and he did great!
5 Love, love, love this place! They are under new ownership and they definitely know how to take care of their customers. Be good to them and they will be good to you! Gel mani and deluxe pedi! I will get all gel next time for sure!!!
5 5 stars!!!!  Yes!!!  I was sadden when I heard that Ruby was no longer there...and a bit skeptical of letting someone new do my pedicure but.......OMG....Ms Kim is the best!  I've been bk  twice (every 2 wks I go). I get the $35 pedi & it puts me to sleep. Relaxes me & actually it's better than what I've had before. She really takes her time. My feet are still smooth, and my polish hasn't chipped yet.  I recommend this place!  She's such a sweet lady :)
4 I felt so relaxed and my nails look stunning!!! I'm definitely returning
5 Everything is so clean. Staff are professional and courteous. I live in Cali, but look forward to coming here when I'm in town. In fact, my DH persuades me to go to Vegas by offering to get me a pedicure. My experience has been consistent, even though I've been serviced by different staff members.
