4 Located in the Renaissance Hotel. Grill 55 offers finger foods, main entrees, sammies, craft beers and designer adult beverages in a modern casual setting.  I ordered the Drunken Grasshopper adult shake - creme  De Menthe, creme de cacao, vanilla ice cream and chocolate malt balls. The shake was unique and satisfying, a nice way to end an evening.   The menu is really unique here and I'm looking forward to checking out the food next time I'm here.
3 Stopped in for a quick lunch while at the Las Vegas Convention Center, in the lobby bar area. We had to ask for a replacement for the Truffle Regiano Fries because they were cold when we received them. Though, damn good once we got them! I LOVE them.  Mom got the B.A.T. flatbread, which was super yummy. I picked off the bacon (which is also hidden under the cheese, so be careful) and had a field day.   I had the Nicoise Salad which was good, and made me feel good about eating the fries. :)  Overall, I would definitely suggest this for some re-fueling when at the Convention Center. Way better than any of the other surrounding options.
3 Formerly envy Lounge, this is a nice hotel bar at the Marriott Renaissance with modern, spacious seating areas,  They have some unique menu items, such as Fried deviled eggs!  I also had Lobster & Friends, which is a trio of sliders including BBQ pork and beef. The lobster portion was the smallest, though it should have been the star of the dish, due to the name Lobster & Friends! The sliders come with either a salad or fries. The salad was served in a small cup, and was only lettuce. I was not too excited about the sliders, and the deviled eggs were pretty good.  They also have Happy Hour, though the specials were not listed on the bar menus.
3 Went here after the CES conference for lunch. Good small bites with a comfortable atmosphere. Although the food was not special it was fresh and tasted good. the "lobster and friends" was an interesting snack but not really a lunch or dinner portion. This place is more of a lounge with appies not a grill. Their flatbread pizzas looked good however.  I give it a better rating simply because it is the closest thing to a real restaurant near South Hall. Will come back if I'm in Vegas for a conference.
5 Same great experience every time I go there. Nice atmosphere, great food, nice beer selection and one of the best bartender in town : Romulus! Usually I order the same food, I've become addicted to their Caesars Salad with Ahi Tuna, can't ask for anything more. The salad is actually fresh every time, I love consistency :) and the tuna is literally melting in your mouth. Pair it with a Sauvignon Blank or a Pinot Grigio  Enjoy
3 Conveniently located inside the Renaissance Marriott hotel this place is a good quick stop for small meals and some drinks.  They have a full bar and some televisions at the bar so that you can keep up with the ongoing sporting events, etc.  While we were there it was fairly quiet and sedate in the lounge with very few patrons.  The waitress was quite attentive to us the first time we went in there.  The second night it was the same until we had four friends join us.  I don't think that she liked the extra work of having to come back and see if we needed another round, etc.    In fact, many times, we went up to the bar ourselves.  She brought us three separate bills throughout the evening.  We were there from about 6pm to 8:30pm.  Nobody had more than four drinks so it wasn't like she was overworked.  I went to the bar to order food.    i don't know what it was we weren't being loud, etc., and we were about the only ones in the place.  Maybe she likes it better when no one disturbs her.  The place is good but the wait staff (not the bartender there was a guy one night and a girl the other night--both good and friendly).  not so much.  Recommend but with a caveat.
2 Good intentions but a little iffy on food and delivery. Went in later (11:15)  and food took 40 minutes to come out with four of us ordering. Fish tacos had good mix and wonderful presentation but fish was not fresh and had that almost bad do I trust smell. Fries were enjoyed by all very heavy on garlic wonderful for the garlic aficionado. Margarita pizza good and garlic with a good balance of spice beyond the garlic unfortunately covered up by a little to much cheese taste. (to much cheese for a flatbread with good intention). Tomato soup and cheese sandwich were pusillanimous sandwich did not live up to the small but well balanced tomato. Atmosphere very nice and staff overworked but accommodating with great toons. This seemed like a non Vegas like place and considering this is a Marriott the day may be better as this has a little Mormon flair inherent in the fabric.
4 A group of us came here for happy hour before we hit up Envy Steakhouse (adjacent to Grill 55 inside the Renaissance Marriott inside).  Friendly bartenders and strong pours.  TVs at the bar have sports playing all the time and the bartenders will also strike up a conversation even if they aren't serving you. A great place to chill out before hitting up the strip.
4 Grill 55 is a great place to relax and recharge. The Renaissance is a non-gaming hotel anyway so the pace is significantly slower, and it's more of a business hotel servicing the Las Vegas Convention Center. So the grill makes a great place to grab a drink, some food and maybe meet some other business people especially if you're in town for a trade show or convention.  I'd say that Grill 55 has a much more interesting menu than most hotel bar/grills. Even standard grill selections like the burger have a unique twist. The Signature 55 Burger, for example, comes with jalape単o bacon and an interesting aioli that I think is garlic aioli but the menu doesn't specify so I can't be 100% sure. They also have an option for truffle fries which are delicious. Tuna poke nachos are really good, and the spicy risotto balls are as well. In fact I don't think I've ever been disappointed with anything I've ordered here.  Service tends to be variable since it all depends on how busy the restaurant is. During lunch hours, which is when I usually go, there is only one server on shift that I could see so it can take a while in some cases to be helped, but the service is very friendly.  Prices tend to be a little high in my opinion, but its Las Vegas so I guess I shouldn't really be surprised. All considered, if you are not pressed for time, Grill 55 is a great choice.
4 It's located at the Renaissance Hotel lobby. My boyfriend and I chose the bar and had few drinks and pizza. Margherita was really tasty and super crispy crusted. Impressive.   There weren't a lot of people on a Friday night so the service was really fast and staff was very friendly and polite. I love that! We have enjoyed watching some basketball, chit chat and went back to our room.
3 The Signature 55 Burger is served on a nice, soft bun. While the meat doesn't taste freshly cooked, it's hard to say no to jalape単o bacon. No problem if your phone is dying; they have electrical outlets at your table. So, should you try now? While not the best food in town, it's the closest edible meal near the convention center.
3 Grill 55 is conveniently located inside the Renaissance Hotel next to the convention center. Like most of the restaurant in the Last Vegas hotels and casinos, the decor is appealing and the atmosphere inviting.  Came here a bit after lunch and ordered some appetizers:  - Old bay calamari $12 - Black bean quesadilla $12 - Chicken crispers (essentially deep-fried chicken strips) $11  They gave us some seasoned tortilla strips/chips to start the meal. The chicken crispers were a bit burnt and the clamari looked good but lacking flavor even with the sauces. The black bean quesadilla was the best of the three.
4 Located inside the Renaissance Las Vegas, it's walking distance from the convention center. Perfect location for a quick business lunch. Get the Jalape単o Bacon burger - Delicious!!!! Great relaxing atmosphere to recharge if you're taking a break from the convention.
4 The Artisan Burger with jalape単o bacon is the bomb.  Bartenders are fast and friendly
4 Grill 55 is a little strange - it's a bar attached to the Renaissance Hotel (right near the lobby) near some live music on Fridays and a TV/Envy restaurant.  You wouldn't expect much of it to be honest but surprisingly, it is a pretty interesting/solid restaurant if you're around the area.    Grill 55 is super casual (although I'd recommend sitting at the bar over a table).  Seat yourself and grab a menu.  The items aren't too numerous and seem pretty safe such as sandwiches and salads.  However, the taste is surprisingly fresh and tasty.  My favorite were the fish tacos which had a surprisingly spicy/tangy sauce in two nicely sized tacos with hot/fresh tasting white fish.  It also came with fries or a salad.  The presentation was also nice to see with the tacos being held up by a stand.  I also had the grilled cheese one night which was also solid (although I wish they heated up the sandwich more to make the cheese completely melt).  The tomato soup it came with was pretty good too.  At the bar, don't forget that you get free spicy wontons (basically little tangy chips).  The drink selection isn't too shabby with a mix of cocktails ($12) to beer/wine ($6+).  They also have happy hour which I was never able to make it down by.  Food items are a little pricey (ranging usually $12+) but in the context of Vegas food, it's not too badly priced.    Service was fairly friendly and it was nice to have the place open till 1AM so you can grab your late night fix.  Seats were comfy - the AC was on full blast and there is even some music nearby if you come at the right time.    Again, don't go in with overly ambitious expectations of grandeur compared to the likes of some of the exquisitely designed (and pricey) restaurants of Vegas.  However, for a late night (or earlier) snack, especially near LVH/the LV Convention Center which is devoid of a lot of good food by foot - Grill 55 is a god-send for affordable Vegas eating in the area.
