5 Got an awesome grand opening deal on tires here! Big Rob is the man and delivered AWESOME customer service. Free water and Starbucks coffee. This place is great!
5 Went in to this place with my boyfriend who needed new tires and loved the customer service. Not only was the staff friendly, knowledgeable, and speedy, but they also gave me a free oil change! Great tires, great service, and a great experience! Definitely going back to this place! Big props to Big Rob!
5 I came in here to get my tires checked out as one of them was starting to go flat. They inspected my tires and suggested that I get all of them replaced because of the cracks. I did pay a little bit more than I anticipated and the job took a long time, but the customer service was beyond any that I have ever experienced. It definitely made up for the price and the wait time. Judi helped me and even talked me through everything that was wrong with my car in terms that I could understand. She even prioritized what I should get fixed and how soon. I've never had anyone take the time out to do that for me. The facility is very clean and welcoming. I have already recommended this place to friends and family. I will come back next time I need to have my car fixed.
5 I have gone to this location quite a lot of times, The customer  service that they have provided was a Plus. Juddi was so friendly and very knowledgable, my first visit to this location was just to get 2 tires and alignments, i ended up getting 4 new tires, oil change,  and alignment for a very good price, Juddi had talked me through and she definitely knew what she was talking about. The  mechanics who worked on my car did so well. Since  my first visit last year in October, i have always gone back to them with any services  my car needs. I recommend this place for anyone,  Very good service, friendly staff, clean facility, knowledgeable employees. Thank you *Richel*
1 went in to replace radiator for my corvette.  The mechanic was totaly incompetant. mechanic had to disconnect transmission cooler lines, but could not figure out how to refill transmission fluid, or check it. mechanic said it is ok to lose transmission fluid. (about a quart was spilled on floor.)Mechanic installed wrong coolant. I insisted they install dexcool, as per mfr's strict guidelines.  After getting car home, i inspected for leaks, and found that several coolant hose clamps were not tightened at all, airflow baffles were not re-installed but were in the front bumper, fan shroud retaining parts were not installed, air cleaner not installed right, and a 103 dollar plastic air filter retaining clamp was broken in half.     I also discovered that transmission cooler lines were now leaking at the radiator connection. (not installed correctly.) When mechanic installed the correct coolant, he mixed it himself with 50% tap water. Now I need to flush the sytem myself, and install a premixed 50/50 dexcool mixture of coolant, or risk engine damage.   The managers are friendly and seem to care, but the mechanics are total morons and a$$ clowns. I complained to customer service, and a diistrict manager ordered the manager to refund the total repair, and buy me a new plastic air filter clamp. I still had to take my car to another shop to repair the transmission cooler connectors, and properly check the transmission fluid. (complicated procedure on corvette involving car on lift, engine running, and removing drain plug, and injecting fluid with hand pump.) I would not trust firestone mechanics to work on my lawnmower, let alone my corvette. take my advice, and stay away from these idiots, if you want youre car fixed right. Sure the managers are friendly, but the mechanics are worthless.    This shop has only recently opened. Makes me wonder how these guys lost their last jobs, before they came to firestone. I wonder how many customer cars they screwed up at last job to get fired, then go to firestone.
5 Amazing customer service.  I went in to get an oil/filter changed and came out paying less than what I originally signed on paying. Jesse really took care of me and helped me understand all my car-related questions. I was suppose to pay $36, but they ended up giving me about $10 due to a coupon they have offered online which brought my total down to $26. They were even honest with some previous auto care I had done at Tireworks which I appreciate. I will definitely be back to get my filter changed.
4 Great service! I will be back soon! My car runs great and i have no problem with it unlike i did before at a different place. THANK YOU!
5 I love this place!! I have been here a number of times and have had nothing but great service here. Everyone of the employees is nice and helpful. The Manager Juddi is one of the most knowledgeable in the business and will be honest with you. I have and will continue to recommend this location for complete auto care.
5 You want some legit alignment work done. GO TO THIS SPOT. I drive a lowered car and they got the alignment done perfect. Judy up front is very helpful. & has great customer service. I highly recommend this place.
