1 Online experience was good, but that is as far as I can go.  Then found out we couldn't set up a specific location for rental, even though making the reservation weeks in advance. Adjusted our schedule to fit theirs (wait, who is the customer here?!), and went to pick up truck for a 1200 mile drive.  What an absolute piece of junk!  During the "inspection" I noted the front tire was very low on pressure and was told "Wow, good catch!"  (Are you kidding?  Shouldn't somebody there be checking a vehicle about to head out on a 1200 mile trek with an inexperienced driver?)  It did get us there with at least 3 but never more than 5 of the 8 cylinders firing. The lock they sold us didn't fit the door in the back - discovered only after we packed the truck and the store was long closed.  Truck leaked in the rain so stuff in the back got wet during the drive.
1 Worst Experience EVER. Do not use UBox in Madison, WI on Verona Road. It was terrible service and experience. They screwed up, and forgot to ship our boxes to California. They would tell us someone would call us to "discuss a resolution", but they still have not. We called at least 8 times. Customer service would tell us what we wanted to hear, but no one actually returned our calls.  It took 3 weeks to receive our UBoxs and they promised 10 days. Consider yourself warned. Seriously, they are a hot mess.
1 My experience with U-Haul has been the single worst customer services experience I have ever had in my life. My boyfriend and I used the u-box service to move to Madison. We were supposed to get access to our box the Saturday after we arrived. My boyfriend went down to the store to see when it would be delivered and was told they were incredibly busy and didn't even know where our box was at the facility. They told us they would call to schedule a delivery time. We never heard back from them. My boyfriend and I called and left messages with Alicia, the woman in charge of u-boxes at this location, no fewer than 12 times with absolutely no response. The one time my boyfriend managed to get ahold of her, she hung up on him. We finally got access to our box on site (it was supposed to be delivered to our apartment) almost 2 weeks after the promised delivery date (that is 2 weeks of sleeping on the floor). We received no apology, refund, or store credit. I reported them to the BBB and U-haul will never see another cent from me.
1 Due to my experience with this location, I will never rent from Uhaul again.  I reserved a Ubox on April 18 for May 31 delivery.  On May 29, 36 hours before my Ubox was supposed to be delivered, I received a call informing me that they had no boxes and would not be able to deliver my box as promised.  Their only proposed solution?  Push my move back 4 days.  Needless to say, that wasn't an option in case my last-day-of-the-month moving date didn't convey that.  They did not attempt to find me a truck or suggest any other options.  The staff at this location was profoundly unhelpful and unconcerned with the repercussions of THEIR INCOMPETENCE.    Did I mentioned that they called me 5 minutes before their office closed for the night so I spent hours on hold with the national customer service line all night for absolutely no reason?  That's a whole separate review right there.  Thankfully I was able to get a truck from Penske.  This meant that I had to make the unexpected drive from Madison to DC (~15 hour drive) and incur HUNDREDS of dollars in unexpected expenses.    It is truly astonishing to me that Uhaul and its franchises can get away with treating their customers this poorly.
1 I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12. As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22. It did not arrive until 6/26. I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location. I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company. Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!  Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund. Every person directs me to call another office. When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late. That's how it goes. I'm not giving you anything." I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case? Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations. UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable. I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence. They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.  In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car. The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it. They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing. We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete! I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late. What a complete nightmare.  Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back. But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth. FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you. Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on. If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix. They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.  Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT. http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes (Charter)!
