5 This crossfit gym ROCKS!!!!   I'm very new to crossfit and decided to check this place out because of all the pictures I saw on Facebook.  This gym exceeds your expectations on all levels...it's an upscale crossfit gym, friendly staff, and has awesome trainers.  The staff and members make you feel welcomed and motivate you when you want to quit.  I could see why people get hooked to this place after trying out the FREE class .
5 Crossfit Incendia is the perfect gym for beginners, intermediate and advanced athletes. There is a family atmosphere feel , a contained play area for the children and coaches that really care about your well being.
5 I've been CrossFitting for over two years now and I was very nervous leaving my previous gym.  What I found at CrossFit Incendia was an awesome atmosphere with an awesome group of people.  The owners are great and are always around and helpful.  The gym is also kid friendly, which is very helpful.
5 I love CrossFit Incendia! Incendia is a very friendly and family oriented place, I highly recommend this gym to anyone who wants to get fit in a positive and motivating atmosphere.
5 All I have to say is my life has been forever changed because of my coaches at Incendia. Not only am I getting healthier physically, but the coaches and members feed my soul with encouraging, uplifting, positives vibes and always feel 150% better walking out of there. They are the best of the best. They have every single member interest and safety at heart. I've made life long best friends from working out at Incendia! They constantly offer seminars to us to make us better with some of the best athletes in CrossFit. Love my gym and PROUD to be apart of it!! Brian and Lisa bend over backwards to accommodate for their members. They treat each member of incendia as if it was their own family member.  It's my home away from home. I'm always so happy when I get to workout there. Now, how often can you say that about a GYM!?
5 I walked into Incendia in September 2013 and I am so glad I did! I love my fellow Incendians, the coaches totally rock, and Brian & Lisa are the BEST!!! They are constantly looking out for the needs of us members and truly treat us like family! I will never set foot in a "regular gym" again! Joining Incendia is one of the best personal decisions I have ever made!!
5 Not much can be added that hasn't already been said in the other reviews.  I've been CrosFfitting for over 2 years and have been to a few gyms around the country.    The things that make Incendia excel are both it's owners, Brian and Lisa, and the community.  The community environment is competitive, yet fun.  We like to work hard and play hard.  Because of this environment, there are not the cliques you'd expect and what I've experienced at other gyms.    Not only the things above, but there are tons of classes offered (kids, teens, beginner, prep, endurance, crossfit and competitor), great coaches (who are actually attentive and knowledgable), 5000+ of square feet (soon to be almost 11k sq ft) and one of the best things that is RARE with crossfit gyms...when new or additional equipment is needed Brian and Lisa order it before you realize we need it.  If you've been to other Crossfit gyms you know why this is rare.  If you're a parent, like myself, there is a great kids area with times that have supervision.  I can't say enough about the facility, but most of all the environment Lisa and Brian have created.    Come to the FREE Crossfit 101 class on Saturdays at 9, or come to any of the other classes to chat with a coach.   And if you sign up...you might just save a panda
5 Great facility, welcoming owners and staff, good programming and coaching. We're dropping in from Seattle and have had a chance to attend a couple of classes. Lisa and Brian, the owners, obviously care a great deal about making the CrossFit experience for the members and guests as good as possible. And, in case you have kids, they have a play area to keep them entertained while you workout. Highly recommended!
