4 Wow actually got an appointment the same day.  Very comfortable waiting area.  The doctor was very nice. In and out in 30 minutes. They even have an area in waiting area for kids.
5 As I write this all I can say is that I am humbled and in awe of the kindness, compassion, professionalism and concern displayed by this amazing doctor. I didn't know that doctors this kind existed in this world. My fiance and I just moved here and his insurance wont start for another month at his new job. He became sick, so I found this clinic and was able to make a same-day appointment. Not only did Dr. Sharma provide him with amazing care at a cost we could afford, but he also worked VERY hard to find options for us to get him the additional tests and care he needed. There is nothing I could ever do to thank this Doctor enough. People like him are a blessing to the world.
5 I've never had a general physician, but I think it is a good idea to have one.  It was easy to make an appointment. The waiting room/examination rooms were clean and tidy. The staff was very friendly and professional.  My consultation with Dr. Bikas Sharma was thorough and listened to all of my concerns/questions.  I hope that I won't have to see Dr. Bikas often, but when I do need a physician, I will definitely rely on Trails Family
5 I was having anxiety looking for a good physician for my family and me. We just moved to Las Vegas and I wanted a good dr. I looked online and found Dr. Sharma. I was weary at first but went ahead and made an appointment. I am so glad I choose him. The receptionist was nice. The place was clean and had a child's corner with books and chairs. Dr. Sharma was kind and he talked to my son and me. He treated us well and like people. He took his time. And I like that. I recommend this office to anyone who is looking for a new physician.
5 I've been seeing Dr. Sharma for a while now. He's an excellent doctor. He's very thorough, and will listen to your complaint and actually give you solutions not just a prescription. His staff is friendly and the exam rooms as well as waiting area is clean and comfortable.   I'm glad to say he's a pediatrician as well. I went to about 5 different pediatric care centers in Vegas and not one could help me effectively diagnose his atopic dermatitis nor give me recommendations for OTC care or Rx solutions. Dr. Sharma knew immediately what is was as well as Isaiah's food allergies,Gabe me solutions and medications and now my son is healthy and no longer suffering.  I honestly couldn't be happier. I usually lean towards holistic medicine, but obviously circumstances arise when practical general medicine is needed! This is the place to go! Oh, and if you don't live close....it's well worth the drive!
5 Dr Sharma started out as our children's pediatrician 3 years ago. My husband and I liked him as a doctor so much we made him our PCP a year later. Now my father is ill and we are taking him to Dr Sharma because he has proven trustworthy. It is easy to get an appointment no need to wait weeks or even months, his office is clean and comfortable. And the waiting is never very long.  The best part is when he meets with you he really listens and is very objective in his diagnosis always offering options and encourages his patients to think things over. He makes himself accessible even handing out his personal cell phone number.  I cannot say enough good things about this Dr. and am extremely grateful to have found such a caring physician.
5 Went to see this doctor today and glad I chose him out of so many doctors in Yelp. This was due mostly to other Yelp reviews. The practice is very clean and the reception n nurse are very nice and friendly. Had a little wait but not their fault...had to wait for insurance to approve change of primary care physician. Dr. Sharma is a very nice and thoughtful doctor. He took the time to discuss my visit n to explain everything that was at issue...very sincere and patient...the office was a little busy but did not have to wait long like at other practices where the appointments are always overbooked. Will bring my kids here but knock on wood. lol. A really good find and thanks to earlier reviews by other Yelpers.
5 Hands down the nicest doctor ever.  Listens to you and is super informative without losing you in medical translation.
5 Dr. Sharma is not just a doctor, he is your health advocate. I was able to get an appointment within 24 hours and his desk staff was happy to do so. He listened to my situation then consulted me on the issue. I really believe I have found an amazing doctor in Las Vegas. I highly recommend Dr. Sharma and his facility . The couches instead of plastic chairs in the lobby are a nice touch as well. Go see Dr. Sharma today.
5 I give 5 stars even though we had to wait for over an hour past our appointment time.    Dr. Sharma was compassionate, sympathetic, thoughtful and very helpful.  He is the type of physician we have hoped to find for many years.  The office is spartan, but clean, nothing fancy here, and he has special prices for those who are without health insurance. I believe this is at the heart of his philosophy, and that he believes in the hippocratic oath.  I can only echo the other 5 star reviews in our luck in finding this man.    Such a difference from all the other doctors we have been to in the past.  He takes the time necessary to actually listen to his patients unlike the majority of doctors these days who have 8 minute max time limits for each patients, just to make their daily minimums.  You might have to wait but I think you will be happy you did.
5 Dr Sharma is a good man, and thourough. (Lebowski quote) I wanted an actual Doctor vs. The procare/quickcare I'd been relying on for a while because they always seem to RX the same zpack/cough syrup/nasal spray package regardless of what I have as a sickness and lately don't even seem to try to figure out what I have just RX meds. In January I got really sick and am pretty sure it wasn't diagnosed as serious as it was. Now sick again in March with lingering shortness of breathe from January's bronchitis(?) I read Dr. Sharma's yelp reviews and I'm glad I did. In and out in less than an hour for a new patient was good enough for me. Friendly listened and RX a steroid to get rid of possible chest infection from Jan. and antibiotic for current sickness (sinus infection?). Friendly, patient and efficient. Seemed to remember and be familiar with his existing patients. Didn't RX seemingly unnecessary things. When I asked for natural remedies he had some suggestions there too. I will go here from now on. They accept walk-ins and if you don't have insurance there's a flat fee for appointments as well.
5 Best doctor I have ever been to hands down! I was afraid to go to the doctor because I currently do not have health insurance. He took all my worries away immediately. He was kind and compassionate, he actually took the time to explain to me what I was feeling and why. He also took the time to educate me on how to get better. I can't put into words how amazing Dr. Sharma is. I literally started to cry of happiness when he made me feel like he really understood what I was feeling. Don't look for any other doctor just go to trails family medical. If you want to be cared for and have someone take their time on you, go here! My life is changed because of him and I'm forever grateful for all that he's done for me.
5 Im so grateful to have found a doctor that actually cares and takes the time to listen to your concerns. I hate going to the doctor but it's been long overdue and I wanted to make sure I was doing okay. The office is clean and it's five minutes away from where I live which is great. The staff is friendly and Dr.Sharma is a nice, caring, and sympathetic doctor.
5 A Dr. who actually takes time to get to know each of his patients . Thoroughly addresses your concerns and actually wants to get you on the path to becoming healthy again. Rather than continue to make big pharm richer,he actually wants to prescribe the right medicine. Also, if he can't help you due to insurance coverage changing he will recommend other doctors with similar medical philosophies as him. He doesn't talk down to you and genuinely cares! Office is also nice and clean. Thank you Dr. Sharma and Yelp for all the great reviews. I was not disappointed!
5 Went to Dr. Sharma because I had been looking to find a new doctor since the one that I was going to (who was a wonderful doctor) was not coming back to practice. Trails Family Medical was very close to where I live, and, as I read the reviews on  Yelp, I decided to give this place a try.  First off, it was very easy to schedule an appointment on the same day...a plus because someone cannot schedule when they are going to be sick...none of this "we can get you in two weeks" business. Also, even though I was a new patient, the wait was not very long, but this also could be due to the fact that there were not many people waiting.  Secondly, Dr. Sharma is a very knowledgeable doctor...he is up to date on what is going on in the world of prescription meds....he knew exactly why I was taking what for...I didn't even have to tell him. He also informed me of what new studies have shown on a medication I had been on for years. Another nice thing is that Dr. Sharma does not prescribe unnecessary meds just to get you out the door....he listens to you, and then analyzes  and explains what is the best course to take....and he does try to help you find the most economical way to get your prescription meds, should you need some.  Perhaps the most important aspect about Dr. Sharma (at least for myself), is that, like my previous Doc, he is a compassionate doctor that does not scold or intimidate you...yes, he will let you know what tests should be done and how to improve the quality of life, but he does so in a way that does not make you feel that it is "do or die". This is important to me since I can be a worry wart!
5 Dr. Sharma is very competent, professional, thorough, caring, and does not rush.  His front office staff is very polite, accommodating, answered all my questions with a smile, and got me an appointment right away.  My wait in the waiting room was under 5 minutes and my wait in the examination room was 1 minute.  I was impressed.
