5 It's like having a vet in the family. We offer Military discounts!
5 A couple of months ago we found a cat on our back porch who unfortunately must have had an accident with his tail. It was barely staying on. I researched and saw some articles about Sun Valley Hope having a low cost vet. Two days later we finally caught him and brought him in. They were extremely helpful and affordable. We were able to save the cat and he found a home with us :) He's still doing fantastic to this day.
4 I recently took my puppy to the Sun Valley Hope Animal Hospital, after being referred to the hospital by a coworker.    The drive from our home to the hospital was approximately 20 minutes.  Upon entering the parking lot, I missed the small sign pointing the way to the animal hospital.  In turn I ended up at the animal rescue that is located in the same building.  It is a no kill shelter.  The staff there were kind enough to point me in the direction I needed to go.    Upon entering the animal hospital I immediately noticed the large size of the waiting area.  Next I noticed the sign that read in part they do not provide 24 hour monitoring services at the hospital.  We checked in for our 1130 am appointment and took our seats.  I must say the choice of seating was not the most comfortable, however for a discount vet I do understand.  There was a TV there for the pleasure of those waiting to have their pets seen by the vet.  We waited approximately 10 minutes passed our appointment time, which to me is acceptable, as I am aware emergencies do occur.  We were taken to the exam room, which was clean and set up so that the doctor could exam the animal and provide the services necessary.  There was a counter and sink area with all the necessary medical set ups. The exam table was as expected as well. The doctor came in, Fernando Notario.  He was both professional and patient with all my questions.  He did not suggest treatments or procedures that were not necessary.  He did not attempt to persuade us into doing anything that was not necessary.    After providing the treatment that we had gone to receive we exited the exam room.  The cost of this appointment was far less than what was expected.  We will be returning in the future to complete the vaccines for our little puppy.  We will also be taking our cat here to have his nails trimmed, as I was very impressed with the price that they had quoted.  I made the decision to give this place a try as I had been told by others that they worked with people who thought their last resort was to put down their beloved pets.  Another reason I made the decision to come here was that the place is open on Sundays.   Is this like the typical vet office that I have been to in the past, no it isn't.  Do they provide the same services as others, yes they do, at a far more affordable price.  Does it matter to the animal if there is a treat at the end of the services, no it really doesn't.  What matters in the end to the pet is they know you care and love them.
5 This hospital is amazing !! I will be a client for life, really. My dog had surgery a few months back here,and they treated both of us so well ! They explained everything that needed to be done, and also were very understanding as I called back several times to check on his progress. They were very compassionate in everything they do, and I highly recommend these guys !!
5 I came across this animal hospital when I was fostering dogs for P.A.W.S.  Even though they are quite far away from me (40 miles/1hr drive) I found them to be extremely helpful and more importantly affordable. Dr Notario is Awesome and very through when examing my dogs.  The only negative I have for them is their wait time which can sometimes be a few days since they are always booked but I guess that is a testament to how good they are.   I will continue to go to them and recommend them to anyone who is looking for affordable pet healthcare.
5 Our vet, Dr. Joshua Winston from Sun City is the medical director at this hospital  Every visit is great.  All our dog does is shake and high five with the vet.  He doesn't even know he's getting the exam except for the thermometer (lol).  Very compassionate staff.  It's worth the drive for us about 20 miles. They even waive the office visit for military active and retired.
5 Oh my god, I love this place. As new Arizona residents we had to find a vet. After being over charged at a vet near our home we were turned on to this place. We have taken our pets here several times and always leave please. Granted this place isn't pretty but they are going to take care of your pet at a great price...make that a super great price. Keep it up!!
5 This place is an absolute godsend.  We had been in Arizona for a short time and our oldest cat had gotten sick. We took him to an emergency vet clinic and they charged over 2000 dollars for an upper respiratory infection.  We didn't have that kind of money and they refused to give us the medicine to save him. When our youngest cat was dying,  we were terrified that we wouldn't be able to save him. We found this vet and they saved his life. They were so affordable and it allows people that don't have much money but love their pets like they're a family member take care of their every need. I will be forever and eternally grateful for them. They are truly angels.  Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.
