4 Pretty good but I really like this new location!  I keep weird hours and I wish they were open 24hrs but its Fountain Hills. Not a lot stays open super late here.
2 OMG.... I have been coming to the original location for many years.... Just had some drama at the new location with the cashier... She couldn't understand my English and had to correct the order and was very upset!   Come to find out SHE 'S THE MANAGER!!! Funny!  And to think she's the one training others in customer service! I want the business to survive so I hope she improves ..... Or someone helps her move on!
5 Oh how I was over-joyed when my beloved Senor Taco opened a 2nd location in Fountain Hills!!  You guys/gals really do "get it right". I have made several referrals to visiting company (from out of state) and have rec'd rave reviews from them on their dining experience.   Extra EXTRA hungry? Then try the Senor Burro. I dare you. Soooo delish and sooo huge. I'm serious, that thing comes out and I swear it weighs a couple of lbs. It looks like a 2-year old's leg! Ok, so I don't eat the whole thing in one setting. I can squeeze out a good 3-4 meals from this menu must have!   Shrimp Burrito is another fave of mine. Lovely. And the churros?? OMG... thought I'd died and gone to heaven. Those are always served FRESH out of the fryer and have the perfect combo of cinnamon/sugar. Be careful - too much enthusiasm will yield burn blisters on top of your mouth. You have been warned.
4 First time here, and impressed that they opened a second restaurant in our small town where restaurants have a hard time surviving--but now I know why! We had the shrimp soft tacos, fajita-style quesadilla (carne asada--steak) and a carnitas (pork) red chile burrito, enchilada-style all for about $22 after a 10% coupon from the local newspaper. Immediately the freshness of the food was apparent especially with the fresh green bell peppers, fantastic succulent shrimp, and nicely seasoned steak. The tortillas themselves tasted freshly-made. We used to go to Taco Hell when we needed a fast fix, but never again--for the same price you get high-def vs old B&W analog, more meat versus less junk-indiscernible filling, and what seems a lot more fresh versus a lot more frozen. Their salsas are worth filling up on, too! Two in particular: the green salsa verde had a generous amount garlic that made it quite nice and full-flavored, and an clear, oil-based one that had a very rich roasted and slightly smokey flavor that produced a nice growing hot sensation during the after-taste. The more you used, the warner your mouth got! My new favorite. The reason for the four versus five stars was the pork, although very generous and moist, to both me and my wife, tasted a bit too salty. Summary: this is the quality and freshness of Baja Fresh, and the quantity of Filibertos, and at a good price. Can't wait to go back and check out how they make chicken!
5 Best Mexican take out ever!
4 Pretty good~ would eat here again.
5 As god made man and woman, he also made delicious Mexican restaurants. The truly glorious as rare as finding the end of a rainbow.... Behold friends, the end of the rainbow!  The California Burrito is made of pixie dust, love, and unicorn meat. This burrito is so good it is haunted by the spirit of Johnny Cash.... Yeah, that good. Do it, do it....... Do it
1 GROSS! After seeing an employee use the restroom without washing his hands, I'm definitely giving this a 1 star (if only I could give a 0)   I wasn't to pleased with my order (carne asada torta). The meat tasted like plastic... The bread was good, which is nice... They gave me six chips total with my torta. For $7.61 I guess it wasn't a total loss  Not coming back.
5 Señor Taco 2 is amazing!  We come here for breakfast at least twice a month.  The staff is always friendly and atmosphere is casual.  The breakfast items are quality and a good value.  Try the chillaquilles, que bueno!
4 We just moved to Fountain Hills, we were familiar with Senor Taco having been to the location just off Shea.  We truly like Senor Taco, but I dare say that this one is better than the other... just slightly.   We aren't fans of fast food in general, and this isnt exactly fast food. Its made to order and quick food. You can tell that this is fresh and good quality.  It is super yummy.   It's really close to the house. We will definitely be back to this location!
4 Love me some Señor Taco!!!
5 Really good food and customer service.  Love this place. Price is very reasonable.  Lots of seating at this location.
