4 Aisle Bond is always very colorful, creative and affordable.  They always turn my vision into a reality, no matter how confusing it may be. I like to be unique and never go with samples "as if". Aisle Bond makes sure to follow along, no matter how many times we try. Great, efficient and affordable.  AMAZING WORK!
5 I recently got married Oct.11, 2013. I met with several vendors for my stationary and no one compared to Aisle Bound. Aisle Bound played a huge role in my wedding. I initially was only looking at getting the invitations (which are featured in the photo gallery) but after seeing the amazing work, I had no doubt I can trust Aisle Bound to assist me in further stationary needs such as menus, escort cards , favors, and so much more. Lexy, the founder of Aisle Bound is very creative and can make anything happen, I'm serious!! I came up with crazy huge ideas and she made it happen. I met with other vendors who said "Well we can do something similar" or "thats gonna cost you a lot of money" while Aisle Bound founder, Lexy, just made it happen and not only did she make it happen, it was affordable and not overpriced as many other vendors! But also most importantly she has a great personality and she is able to connect and understand exactly what you want. I felt very comfortable meeting with her every time and she made the entire process easy. I highly recommend her.
5 We enlisted the services of Aisle Bound to craft our wedding and bridal shower invitations. The quality and craftsmanship were more than we expected.   We were so happy with the above items that we returned to have our Christmas cards made too. We will definitely be returning to Aisle Bound for our future needs.
5 Aisle Bound designed our daughters high school graduation announcements. Not only did we get EXACTLY what we wanted, but Lexy was so professional throughout the entire design process. The pricing is totally reasonable, and Lexy is an absolute pleasure to work with. I highly recommend Aisle Bound to everyone, and I will definitely be contacting Aisle Bound in the future!!
