5 A last minute trip to Arizona seemed like an opportunity to check off an item that's been on my bucket-list, namely a flight in a hot air balloon. :)  My journey started with a call to "2FLYUS" who was fully booked. They referred us to Apex with whom we originally planned to fly the morning after our arrival in Phoenix. However, I ended up losing my bag with my laptop computer upon arrival at the airport and spent the wee hours of the morning trying to locate it. This caused us to be late for our appointment with APEX. They did everything they could to make our situation less stressful while at the same time taking care of their other customers who had arrived on time. They did this by calling in Rollie from Firebird Balloons. The net result was an absolutely wonderfully relaxing and gorgeous private flight over the Arizona desert with Firebird Balloons. We couldn't have been happier. They got us involved with setting up the balloon and answered many questions. The flight itself was amazing. We started out by flying high and getting a real bird's eye view of the landscape.  Then they reversed course by dropping low to catch an air current that returned us to a location near our point of departure. This was absolutely wonderful as we were able to get a close-up view of the desert while hovering comfortably just above. After the flight, we were treated to a balloonist prayer, Champaign, History of Ballooning, and great company while the balloon was stowed for the trip back to the car.  Needless to say, we have a whole lot of pictures and memories that will lift my spirits and supply me with stories for years to come. Thanks, Rollie, to you and yours for such a great time and incredibly friendly service. And notable mention to Apex and 2FlyUs who made sure we were taken care of. It was wonderful to see such cooperation amongst businesses. I would highly recommend!
5 If you are wanting to take a balloon ride with a great pilot look no further than Rollie with Firebird Balloons.  Rollie loves his job and it is evident he is living his passion.  He enjoys what he does and it is reflected in the entire experience that he provides.  This was my second balloon ride in Phoenix and this time was soooo much better.  Rollie is a knowledgeable pilot who has been doing balloon rides for over 2 decades.  My fiancé and I were the only passengers with Rollie which made the experience incredible! We saw some pretty land as the balloon floated gracefully over the Sonoran dessert.  I highly recommend this company!!
5 Thanks to Rollie & crew, I can now cross this item off my bucket list! Had a great time touring the Arizona countryside and experiencing the ride. They even got me involved with the setup of the balloon which also added another level of interest to the whole experience. Would very much recommend this company to anyone in the Phoenix/Glendale area!!
5 Outstanding experience from start to finish. Thanks to Rollie our pilot/owner and his ground crew Matt. Rollie previously flew with one of the larger basket balloon companies so was able to explain the customer experience differences his 4-passenger balloon offered. Can't say enough good things about our flight = these guys are superb.
