5 Lost and Found located in the Kierland/Scottsdale Airpark area of Scottsdale has such a great vibe! If there is something unique you are looking for this is the place to go! The website shows lots of items for sale in a gallery, but the place is so big and there are way more items in the store than in the gallery. Jill, the owner has so much new stuff in and out of there that you can come in every weekend and see new and exciting stuff for sale.
5 The Lost + Found Interiors is a great place to find one of a kind home interiors.  Jill, the owner, has a great eye and puts the items together in a way that you could really imagine them in your home. I love a the unique pieces and eclectic feel.  My house has that modern traditional feel and I love to check into this store regularly to see what I can add to my homes interior mix. Definitely a must shop if you are looking to update your home.
5 OMG!  You have GOT to shop here!  This is resale at it's best!   The store is beautiful, with uniquely displayed furniture & accessories in a huge area!  You can spend a wonderful hour looking for that perfect piece to bring home.  The nice thing is that the owner brings new stuff in almost every day, so there's always some current, midcentury or antique things to buy.  I've never met her (name must be Jill - ha!) but she has great taste!  Here's the deal though... buy it when you see it, because someone else'll come along & get it if you hesitate too long.  That happened to me & I learned my lesson!  Seriously cool stuff and some terrific deals, no kidding!!
5 Lost & found is great for both buyers and sellers! They are a pleasure to do business with and we will continue to do so. If you are changing your decor, let them help sell your nice pieces and show you something new!
5 Love this place. They have great items at a great price and the customer service is top notch! I bought a couple big pieces and they were so nice to help me get them into my car. Can't wait to go back. I'm officially addicted
