5 I was referred to these guys by my dad who has had his taxes done here for a while now. Since then I have been using these guys to have my tax returns prepared for three years now. What got me to go there was prices, what keeps me there is their service. They do everything from my business bookkeeping, payroll to my business and personal taxes. Hands down they are the best in Las Vegas!
5 I am very happy with a costumer servise,price and i got my return taxes deposit came to my bank in 6 days.Its the fastest servise i ever seen.me and all my friends go to this office.i refer everyone just try once and you will never ever want to go somewhere else.I am very happy and satisfied!!!!!!
5 This is the 2nd Year I get my Taxes done here. Very knowledgable, honest and great service..
5 I have absolutely no complaints.   David was great... very helpful & knew what he was doing.  Would highly recommend!
5 This is my 4th year coming to David at iQTAXX. The first year my papers were a hot mess. David took the time to sort through all of my receipts and also explain every detail of what he was doing. He's got more experience in the field than anyone at the major name places who are just taught to punch in numbers. David really knows the field and that's what you want with the guy handling your money. He gets me the max refund every year!!!! No one else I would go to our even consider.
5 I did my taxes at the big green block. My preparer worked there part time, as a second job... that should have sent me running out the door. Unfortunately, I went against all my instincts and stayed and wasted my time and money on a terrible return that left a lot money on the table. I had a feeling I wasn't getting everything I was entitled to so I came to David for a second look. He took a look and filed an amendment that got me more back than the block did with original return. Learn from my mistake and don't waste your time and money on someone who doesn't fully know and understand the tax laws. Come straight to a professional who doesn't just do taxes as seasonal job! David is incredible at what he does and there simply is no other option for me any more. If you trying to save money by doing your own taxes with 'free' software.. YOU ARE NOT! the filing may be free but you're most likely leaving a lot of money on the table by not claiming all the deductions you really qualify for. Taxes are serious business and the knowledge and experience of the preparer could make a difference worth hundreds or even thousands more in your pocket.
5 I will definitely be coming back for years to come. This was the best experience I've had getting my taxes done the last 4 years. David thinks fast and works thoroughly while asking good questions.
5 Great service! Will be back next year to do taxes with David Ghazaryan. Highly recommend.
5 This review is delayed because I never go onto my Yelp account but I promised David I would write a review (better late than never)! I just had a great experience with him, he offered advice to me that I needed and he most certainly helped me with my taxes. I will definitely be using him from here on out. Thanks a million David!
5 It took a while for me to find a GREAT tax preparer. David is as good as it gets. He takes a cringeworthy experience and makes it as easy as it can possibly be. His assistant, Lizeth, is also terrific in ensuring she has all the appropriate documentation for your filings. Great team--we'll be back next year!
5 As a new business owner I was a couple years behind on filing my business taxes.  Lizeth at iQ Taxx was very courteous to me with all my questions, and there were plenty.  Also keeping me informed on the whole process from beginning to end.  I am very happy to do business with iQ Taxx as they have helped me with mine.  Support Small Business :)
5 I have used their tax services since filing my 2008 taxes and every year it gets even better! David is a true professional. Every year I receive my maximum return and I am able to take advantage of all the tax deductions and tax credits available to me as a taxpayer. David took the time to learn my personal situation and adviced me on how to prepare for the future tax years. I used to be scared of doing my taxes... Now, I get excited right before tax season ;)
5 My case was not an easy one. I frantically needed a tax service to file 5 years of back taxes. David and his staff at IQTaxx made a believer out of me!! I filed my taxes within two weeks and had a minimal balance to the IRS. In comparison to the amount originally billed to me by the IRS the numbers don't compare. They go far and above the call of duty. Best tax preparers in town!  thanks David, Iqtax is 100% recommended.
5 I just moved to Las Vegas from California and put off filing my taxes. I looked all over town for the most reputable tax preparer. I searched online and asked around. The community pointed me in the right direction. I read some reviews about their tax services and made an appointment tosee David. He showed me respect and attention. He didn't make me feel dumb for not filing my taxes and even offered to help to abate my late fees and interest owed. He helped me along the way and even gave me some sound advice. Iam glad I found this tax service. No one better!
5 I was a hot mess and dead scared of the IRS. Then I foundout about IQTaxx services and my life changed. After being chased by the IRSfor unfiled returns for two years I received a levy! David and his staff easedmy stress and gave me solutions for my tax problems. I couldn't be happier with the results! I filed four years' worth of back taxes and ended up with arefund!!! I highly recommend their services.
5 This place is great!! Lizeth was awesome. Had an issue with stock sales in 2011. She looked everything over for free. Nothing she could do as far as taxes but she gave me all the info I need to solve my problem. Very efficient and prompt. Thanx Lizeth!!! I highly recommend this business.
5 So I got a notice from the IRS and I knew I was three years behind ..I didn't know what to do so I checked Yelp and found iQTaxx had all these 5 Stars, I thought it was fishy so I read the reviews, and saw that I wasn't in as bad as shape as some of the other people..So I made an appointment with David, right away he put me at ease !!  ie. No problem, don't worry, your not in trouble ect. !!! He even told me " I love doing taxes"  ugh Who says that !!!  Anyway 10min later he said he'd get working on my taxes, and shook my hand.. So I asked how much can I put down as a payment?   He said "I don't need anything right now I trust you -we just shook hands you can pay me when the taxes are done"   C'mon  who does gentleman things anymore !!!!!!  DAVID DOES !!  And his assistant Lizeth is wonderful as well  what a sweetheart !!!! Thank you both !!!  All my taxes are current and got $$ back !!
5 My husband and I were a couple years behind on our taxes and needed to file asap to finish the loan process for our new home.  We found IQTAXX on Yelp and seen all the amazing reviews, we came in that day to see Lizeth.  All I can say is Lizeth is amazing!!! She was so helpful and very knowledgeable!! She was able to answer all our questions and save us $8k!!! I highly recomend this place to anyone needing to file back taxes or current!!
5 I was behind in filing my taxes and needed some help getting organized.  Lizeth was fantastic in helping me get back to square one with the IRS.  I really appreciated how convenient they made everything for me.  So I filed with them again for my 2013 return, and it was just as easy.  David and his staff are fantastic.  And I don't really see Lizeth as a tax preparer, but more like a friend who just likes doing taxes.  I can't thank them enough.
5 Been coming here for the past 6 yrs and will be coming to these guys way more in the future! Totally professional :) keeeeep it up!
5 I love this place! Lizeth did an awesome job on filing my 2013 & 2012 taxes & also amending my 2011! I love the atmosphere, the professionalism & Lizeth's smile & attentiveness to detail! Her boss David is also super sweet & nice! Lizeth made me a believer & I'm definitely going back to IQtaxx for years to come!!! Thank you:)
5 David is simply the best CPA in town. I recommend his services to EVERYONE I know. He is professional, extremely knowledgable and affordable.
5 My husband and I are so happy to have finally found a trustworthy, reputable, and dependable tax preparer. Lizeth taught us more about how to maximize our returns in 30 minutes than anyone ever has in the last 5 years!! She is so incredibly friendly and knowledgable. She even helped us to amend our 2012 income tax return so we would be receiving money back rather than paying money in! I highly recommend Lizeth, and iQtaxx in general, for your income tax needs.
5 I was so happy after file my 2013 tax with David. He really care about the customers and willing to help you. If you need some accountant that really want to save Your money, he is the man. Very straightforward and honest.
5 Lizeth is awesome! I hadn't done my taxes in 7 years, but Liz didn't judge at all, and was happy to help me. I will definitely be coming back next year!
5 I had the greatest experience with my taxes . People here have great attitudes and will make sure if you have any issues with your taxes they are taken care of immediately .
5 Thank you Lizeth for the amazing service!  Found you guys on Yelp and was not disappointed one bit. I scheduled an appointment with Lizeth thru email as she answered all my questions along with what I needed to bring to my appointment.  On the day of my appointment, we took care of everything within an hour and I got my refund into my bank account about 7 business days later. For anyone thinking about using their service, I highly recommend you guys get in touch with Lizeth - she took care of us well, thanks again.
5 Lizeth is aaaaamazing!  I had missed some years of filing. She reassured me we'd get through it, calmed my fears, and did my daughter's taxes too!  Thank you so much for the awesome service!  The entire staff is friendly and welcoming!  You should give them a call!
5 We have been coming here for years and moving away didn't stop us from coming back. We drove to Las Vegas from San Diego to get our taxes done by David. He is simply the best and very knowledgable. Anyone looking for a professional and personable tax preparer David and his staff are for you!
5 Found these guys on Yelp- Yelp is such a great tool for these kinds of services. Lizeth was amazing and gave us a lot of great advice for the future. She made taxes as painless as possible and the whole staff there are very nice, especially in the stressful time-2 days before tax day!! I am also grateful they were open on a sunday, it was really convenient for us.
5 Great service! Dave is friendly, professional, and did an awesome job. I'll definitely be coming back next year
