5 I really enjoy the food. And enjoy the company of my friends eating sushi with me.
5 The owner is super friendly, the food is tasty and cheap. The sushi, chicken tatsu, and beef teriyaki with noodles are all tasty and big portions for the price.
5 OK, Sushi from a fast food place in a mall......that would lower anyones expectations but WOW this place really does a great job, they have good tasting food at great prices.  Usually Sushi places serve really small portions but this place serves more than you expect.    The owner is really friendly, also he remembers us every time.    They offer their Sushi for just 2 for $5, and for the Sushi-mi it is just $3.99....but near the end of the day they will also give the Sushi-mi for 2 for $5 also.    So great deals, decent food, friendly service...sounds like a good place to go again and again....
5 Okay so I was REALLY hesitant about this place. Like sushi inside the mall? The thought made me cringe, but it was the only sushi place around my work and I was STARVING. So, I gave it a shot. The chicken katsu was superb, and the spicy tuna rolls were to die for! Aside from the surprisingly excellent food, the prices were soooooooooooooooooooo cheap! I paid $10 for the small chicken katsu (which I didn't even come close to finishing) & the sushi rolls (which I also had surplus of). In summary, I think this is going to be my new lunch joint! I just hope they can survive in this economy especially since they're located in a dying mall. Oh, well, they have my money!!! Give this place a shot!
5 I'm not sure what they do but this place is AMAZING! I am an avid sushi eater and believe you me when I noticed this place, I assumed there is no way it can be that good! I mean who eats sushi out of the mall and one of the worst malls in Phoenix if that. I'm telling you that you have to try it! The owner is super friendly and their prices are spectacular. I was full after one roll...less than $6. Love it, they have a loyal customer!
5 I love this place! I eat there when ever I get the opportunity. Delicious and inexpensive. Can't get better than that!
4 This place has great fresh Sushi at great prices for a food court in a mall. It is worth the effort to find it. They care about their product.
5 Okay, this is amazing. We got a large chicken katsu and 2 boxes of sushi for $10.  Like some reviewers said, this is mall sushi, so it's not the best in the world. However, it is probably the best mall sushi I've ever had. Definitely worth $2.50. The Katsu, on the other hand, was amazing! Even compared to high end Japanese restaurants that charge $12+ for a plate. Here it costs $2.88 for a small (regular restaurant size) or $4.88 for a large (double the normal size).   The staff was very pleasant and the food was well worth the cheap price!
5 This place is amazing. It's probably the best sushi place I've been to. The price is so cheap, which is how Asian food should be. You also get so much bang for your buck. For $5, you get 2 boxes (20 huge pieces) of sushi. I'm a huge sushi lover who can't get enough, but that fills me up.   I wish they had more locations or were closer to me because I'll live there. I love this place that much :)
5 Love this place amazing cheap sushi thats fresh and delish .... People that work here are so nice and friendly. ...
