5 Amazing, unique, and fresh wings.  If atmosphere is important to you, then go elsewhere.  But if you are all about the food, then this is the place for you.  I dragged my lady (who loves wings) to this dive bar in the middle of nowhere.  She was very skeptical until she had a wing.  Apparently now we have to go there every Sunday for football.  Great great wings.
5 My brother-in-law said this place was awesome, and frankly I was skeptical when the gang and I pulled up.  It's definitely in the country, but I love a good dive bar.  The wings. are. awesome.  We got platters of each type of rub/sauce they offer.  The dry rub was my favorite.  Also, their blue cheese dip is delish!  I'm not usually one for blue cheese, but this stuff was crazy good. Definitely recommend this place.
4 A friend organized an outing to Chicken Lips...he'd heard they had good chicken wings and atmosphere.  CL is definitely a slice of Wisconsin...and the owner, Steve, epitomizes all that's right with our state.  He's friendly, gregarious...and he happens to make fantastic chicken wings!  He also makes his own blue cheese dip...which, as a blue cheese lover, I loved...big chunks of cheese in a tasty sauce!  Only knock on the place:  they can get a little overwhelmed with orders...and it doesn't take too many to overwhelm them.  But, on the plus side, they have Guinness on tap...so at least one can nurse one's beer whilst one waits.  They also have Hopalicious and Spotted Cow...so you can do a bunch of tasty nursing!  I had only the original recipe...which is really not spicy, in fact it's more like fried chicken with a bit of spice than a traditional  Buffalo Wings...where your lips should be appropriately burning after consumption.  A friend had the dry rub version and thought it quite tasty.  So, if you find yourself in the (relative) wilds of Sun Prairie...stop at Chicken Lips,
2 If you're looking for hot wings, they are not hot.  Small wings, they give you a decent amount but for a price.  The bar is not a bar; its in the bottom of someone's house. Cash only. Dive bar of dive bars.  Not worth the drive
4 While visiting friends in Sun Prairie/Madison, I got dragged to Chicken Lips.  Not until I arrived did I realize that I surprisingly had the joint bookmarked---solely off of the stellar Yelp reviews causing it to pop up as one of Madison's best. *embarrassed* Chicken Lips is literally just a minute or so drive outside of Sun Prairie's downtown on the side of a road among cornfields.  I don't know if I would consider it a restaurant.  It's more of a bar run out of a dude's (named Steve) first floor of his two-story house.  Think "Man Cave" or "Bachelor Pad" lacking any luxury, where "boys can be boys."  There are TVs, a pool table, arcade games, a side door that opens up to a tent for smokers, some nasty piss-ridden bathrooms.  If only Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives actually visited true dives, this is what I'd picture, except they only specialize in chicken wings, not much else...  There's a bulletin menu at the bar, which is where you also order.  As someone who is not a fan of spice and on a non-fried food cleanse diet, I became 'that' guy that the neighboring table of 30-somethings picked on.  They kept reminding me while in their drunk stupor, "You gotta get the wings."  I still ended up ordering a burger which was not very enjoyable and overcooked.  Nonetheless, the rest of my party ordered the infamous Wings.  You get your choice of Dry Rub (what it's all about: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-lips-sun-prairie?select=xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ#NgrDOJ2ui4MlKh1-IVnOYg) or Original "Buffalo" wings.  Both come with a tasty side of homemade blue cheese dressing dip.  I could eat the entire cup of dip with just carrots and celery simple due to the fact that is has chunks of blue cheese hidden up in there!  Of course, I reminded myself, "When in Sun Prairie, do as a Wisconsiner would" and bit into each type of wing.  Without the dressing, the dry wings were admittedly the best wings I have ever had---freshly fried, full of meat, and extremely tasty.  Can't say I'd be back, if so it would definitely be take-out since I'm too prissy for a dive like this.  I will concur, the word on the street is right, they cook up some killer chicken wings!  Note: Before you leave, be sure to take a moment to absorb the glory of the bar and grill's name "CHICKEN LIPS" and the light-up sign picturing a rooster holding a martini: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/chicken-lips-sun-prairie?select=xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ#xOFL05ID2XQU28ycv_wtzQ.  This is one place you would never find a martini glass, or even be seen with one in your hand...
4 Went here on a cold Thursday night with a couple of friends who were a little nervous to try this place. It's in a house-like building on the outskirts of town, with a chicken studying a martini on the sign, not to mention the weirdest name.   Don't come here for the atmosphere, or the tap beer (my Guinness definitely tasted a little off), but do come here for the wings. We got the original style wings, made with a flavorful and slightly spicy dry rub and a tangy, vinagery buffalo sauce. Yum. Oh, and yes, the blue cheese dressing is all dat.   If I lived in SP this would be my wings go-to spot hands down.
4 Go for the sign - a chicken drinking a martini.  The wings (which at $9 were the most expensive thing on the menu)  were quite good but I agree with the previous review that the beer tasted a little off.
4 my brother in law got me take out chicken wings from here.  the owner wanted him to stay and eat in as they would be ideally consumed fresh.  well, 10 mins later, they were still piping hot and delicious. i wish i could have tried this place fresh in house.   the bluecheese ranch with side of celery was amazing.   go here for the wings off the highway.
