2 San Prado is like an American luxury car. They look great but they fall apart and are not reliable. That was my experience with Prado. The service was fine until something broke down and then they were slow to address things and worked on San Prado time. Appliances frequently broke down. The soap dish in the shower fell off. The A/C broke and they took their sweet time to fix it (over a week) and had no sense of urgency to address. Their maintenance man was incompetent and couldn't fix issues and would try to rationalize why certain things wouldn't work because he didn't know how to fix it "It can't get cooler than 75 degree if the temperature outside is 99" Hopefully things have improved since I lived there but if I had a choice, I would definitely look elsewhere.
1 Do not live here. If you are choosing between Prado and Lagos, do NOT choose Prado. The manager is extremely rude and unprofessional, it takes almost a week (sometimes more) for maintenance to come, and when they do come, it is not guaranteed they will actually fix the problem. I moved in and my toilet wasn't flushing properly, it took them three times of coming to my apartment and telling me "everything is fine" until they finally replaced the part that wasn't working.
1 **NOTE** Yelp has moved my review to "other reviews under this business" due to my account being new.  If I change this and give this business 5 stars, they will allow my review on a new account.  But because my account is new, they are not allowing me to post any reviews with a 1 or 2 stars.  To me, this lowers the quality of what you search for and rely upon on Yelp. Furthermore, my father is an Ad Executive and he has told me that this is direct censorship of behalf of Yelp, as they want to promote consumer activity and service and help businesses, yet they are censoring.  If you will Google this issue you will see that there is even a forum on here on Yelp where other new account holders - some as long as 6 months old do not have their 1 star reviews posted.  I'm going ahead and keeping this review online as it very important and contains excellent information for consumers. You can also see that the supposed "Jessica S" and the supposed "Kristin D" both new accounts with no other reviews got their review listed on Yelp with perfect 5 stars.  That is proof that Yelp has their recommendation software set to a very certain standard that benefits them and the businesses.  Furthermore, notice that Jessica and Kristin's reviews as only 3 days apart ... yet the other reviews are staggered in time.  Those 2 most recent reviews are a direct result of me posting my review as well, meaning the business solicited these reviews directly from their friends or allegedly their clients.  According to Yelp's policy you are not supposed to solicit reviews like that, but let them come in randomly.  It is so frustrating to have this experience with San Prado and not be able to show it on the front page of the reviews on their business listing.    1)       Mandatory $25 monthly valet trash pickup service  2)       The fine print:  You pay for common areas, such as gas for the grills at $8+ per month  3)       More fine print:  Rent is late after the 3rd day of the month  4)       On simple maintenance requests they send 2 people to the apartment  5)       Property messy and dirty - bikes locked to trees and staircases, dumpster doors open showing trash thrown  about, sometimes mattresses and furniture out there for days  6)      Constant turnover inside office - told one thing by one person and something else by another  7)      We weren't allowed to get a dog, yet have seen several dogs on property  8)      Management communicates via e-mail.  We have received correspondences on more than one occasion about break-ins (they would provide window locks free of charge).  We also received an e-mail telling us not to clean our animals in the pool bathroom.  The next day we got a new e-mail that stated someone had been cleaning doves in the bathroom - and leaving animal parts behind.  The letter mentioned that they are able to review surveillance video to see who entered the pool/bathroom area, but that they were not going to do so at this time, if this behavior stopped.  They had the resources and ability to find out who had done this, but refused to take action.  Additionally in the same e-mail it was suggested to do this type of dove cleaning inside the apartment.  We felt there should have been an investigation to see if that animal was hunted on the property and to further identify what had happened.  We also don't think any Property Owner should allow cleaning of game inside the apartment due to health risk and exposure to unknown illnesses.  9)     Pool opened 24 hours and TVs on all night  10)   Cox only property   11)   During business hours hard to reach a live person at the office - I called from class and always got a recording
5 I sent my husband to numerous Mark Taylor properties while was in Arizona on a job interview.. He narrowed it down to San Lagos and San Prado. He ultimately decided on San Prado because the office staff made him feel welcome and San Lagos(only a block away) was far too large of a community. I only ever saw the images on the computer and we all know sometimes what you see isn't what you get. We were living in North Carolina so everything was handled over the phone and  via e-mail. Kristin was beyond helpful throughout the process and was very welcoming when we arrived to get our keys. I didn't know that there was a college across the street and when we arrived I was wondering what we had gotten ourselves into. Though you would never know you were across from a college campus because there is no noise issues(besides the occasional slam of the door or car alarm).  When we moved in there were a few things missing and within a day the maintenance guys came by and fixed those issues. A neighbors water heater broke and soaked our master bedroom floor and they came immediately and even had someone come out to clean the floor. Our water heater was acting up and within an hour of calling ON A WEEKEND they were over to check it out and get our hot water back.   The grounds are well kept, the amenities are amazing. We chose San Prado because of their no dog policy, because of the office staff, the amenities and how small the property is compared to others.   Like any other apartment complex if you follow the rules and keep to yourself you will love it!
5 I have lived in San Prado Apartments for 3 years now and have had an exceptional experience. The manager, Kristen, is always a pleasure to deal with. The service staff promptly responds to requests, usually within a day, and has always done a fantastic job. The best part about this community (compared to others ie. San Lagos) is that because it is so small, all of the residents are familiar with each other and the staff knows everyone by name. The staff is also considerate of my work schedule (because I work nights) and is mindful not to disrupt me during the day when I am sleeping. You will not get that kind of customer service anywhere else. The property is also very beautiful and always well kept. I would have to say these are the best looking luxary apartments in the area. The style is classy and elegant. I even had my college graduation party in the club house last year :) As for the poor "American luxary car" analogy used below, this is far from realistic. My A/C was also having issues last summer, and the service guys were there the same day to repair it. They never seemed incompetent or unknowledgeable. In fact, they have gone out of their way many times to help me. I would reccomened these apartments to anyone looking for higher calss living in a great area.
4 Spent the week here with my brother, who rents one of their 3-bedroom luxury apartments.  No complains about the living arrangement.  They seem to be in line with expectations for what he is paying.  Also, the general amenities are decent - grills and an outdoor pool.  It is a shame they never seem to clean the pool, because it is set up rather nicely.  Overall, I'd certainly consider renting here if I ever decent to move out west.
5 We have lived in San Prado Apts for 2 plus years. During our time here we have never had any incidents. The staff has always been friendly and helpful, one of the best attributes is the staff make you feel like you are part of a family. They seem to know everyone that stays in their complex. The pool is a one of the best ones we have seen for an apt complex. They have more bbq grills around the complex that you never have to worry about waiting on one.
