1 walked in the door with a few friends last night(11/17/12) and was NEVER greeted, not even once, i've worked retail for over 3 years and i'd straight up get fired if i was on that sales floor.  there were employees wandering around chatting with each other in the corner, staring down anyone who got too close, it was like a scene from the high school cafeteria in mean girls. it's like they hired every college burnout stylist wannabee they could possibly find, and then some.   if you're looking for fast fashion, save your money and go to goodwill, at least there's some variety there.
5 First of all, who doesn't like H&M?  For nice looking, decent-quality attire, it is very well priced (especially if you hit a good sale).  There's cute and trendy clothes, items for the young professional, tons of accessories, and sections for men, women and children.  I LOVE the men's shirts; they are so soft, I literally can't keep my hands off my boyfriend.  This particular location is new to Chandler Fashion, and occupies both levels of the mall.  I'm trying not to hold it against them that they took over the former Frederick's of Hollywood space.  I've been in a few times, and always received friendly service.  Most notably, I ran in at 8pm the other day (an hour before closing) desperate to find two items for an upcoming event.  I found the belt immediately ($6, right inside the front door, and exactly what I was looking for!) but had trouble finding a shawl/jacket to cover my shoulders.  One saleswoman noticed me struggling and asked if she could help, so I showed her a picture of the dress I already had and told her the problem.  She disappeared for a few minutes and came back with a suggestion for me, and it was on sale nonetheless.  I didn't end up buying it (I found a nice scarf by the register) but I appreciated that she went out of her way to help.  At the last moment I found a second scarf, and debated a moment at the register about which one to choose.  The cashier pointed out the skull beads on the second option, which she was recommending, but agreed it was not appropriate for a wedding once she found out that's what it was for.  We had a good laugh, and I felt no pressure to rush.  I also picked up a hair clip that was super cute, and my whole purchase came in under the price of one belt at Target.  Very happy camper!
1 Just walked through and shopped for 20-30 minutes, only to put everything I had grabbed all down the second I saw the line for the fitting rooms. Yeah right?!   High five for the elevator.  Removed for the fitting room fiasco.  You're not THAT cool H&M.
3 The clothes are pretty cool and it has pretty decent prices too but am I the only one who can never find a single employee to ever help me out?! It's like they all go on break or clock-out when I walk in! WEIRD.
3 The styles are pretty cool, but the quality of the clothes is not good. You wash it one or twice and it's done for. Pretty much these clothes are one time use.
5 Being  a single mom with   a few boys that were going to prom this year and didn't want to spend a lot of money for a one night retail,  so an other mother said that they got there suit from here for cheap, so  I didn't know anything about suits or how to pair up Pants or shirts or anything, an employee at men's help us out so much he pick out everything for us from tie to dress shirt to pants he was extremely helpful with everything, it was slim picking on the dress shoes ,I didn't see see his name it was worn out but he had blond hair on the top with  black roots, as we went down stairs to try on thing I wanted to do a little shopping for my self, I didn't see any one on the floor to help me out with the sizes, And is was really messy compared to upstairs, they have a lot of different kind of clothes for a good price , I mean for the prices you get that store can look like that but I will for sure come back and look for the employee for help and take my sons to the men's for every day clothes and next prom from... We found him his name is Luis if you need help he's that man to get help from
