5 This place should go right to the top of your "new places to try" list. Chris and Jeff Galvin, restaurateurs of some note, have launched a two-pronged attack on the Edinburgh dining scene. With the Pompadour, they have fine dining covered, with Michelin aspirations. At Brasserie de Luxe, they have an accessible place (lunch is £15.50 for two courses) that seats 100+. It offers excellent quality and well-judged service, in very smart surroundings. The salmon I ate for my main course was one of the standout dishes of 2012.   Overall, we said: "I'd strongly recommend that you pay Galvin Brasserie de Luxe a visit, at your earliest opportunity. It really is mightily impressive, with some masterful cooking on show. I look forward to my next visit, as I'm keen to share the place with others, so they can get a dose of pure culinary class."
5 Following Blythe R's advice and review, before 2012 comes to a close, I decided to try the newly opened Galvin Brasserie de Luxe in the Caledonian Waldorf hotel for lunch. Book online and you get two courses for£15.50. Given this is fine dining, this price was very good value.  I can only echo what Blythe has said. The service was impeccable but not intrusive or pompy. Attentive, smiling, and genuine. Very well looked after. The Brasserie itself is the perfect setting for lunch. Black and white tiled floor, quite bright white lights it feels like a French sea-side café-come-restaurant. A bar with oysters and lobsters displayed inside, you can dine at the bar or in booths or tables. Quite a contrast to the subdued opuluence and hues of tan and cream in the other dining area in the exterior Caledonian lounge.  The only tiny issue is that the menu is very small to choose from. This isn't even a complaint, as we were getting a special menu for a good price. But I'd suggest perhaps asking ahead what the menu may be if you are a particularly fussy eater. I went for the terrine then fried hake. The terrine was divine, absolutely divine, and came with a plentiful side of giant capers, piccalilli and chutney, and a toasted slice of bread. The fried hake was also very well done, although I'm more of a red meat eater than a fish eater when eating out, but given the quantity of terrine that I had, it was a good thing I was eating a light fish.  The coffee I had after wasn't great. Far too strong and bitter. But I'm not judging Galvin Brasserie on the coffee.  This is a fantastic lunch option that I'd highly recommend - I think you simply need to book online. Lavish dining, delicious food and a touch of class for a Thursday afternon.
4 The two words that sum this place up for me are 'fancy' and 'rich'.  It's a much more 'fancy'  than the type of place I'm used to and very much has an air of fine dining. That said, it's not what I would consider really expensive either.  The menu was a little bit of a challenge with much of it being in French, however I don't necessarily see that as a problem and the staff were more than happy to help.   As for 'rich', this is basically how I'd describe all the dishes I had. Again, not in a bad way, but just massively rich and full of flavour. Certainly not something I could eat often, and I didn't require much else for the rest of the day either!  My starter of blue cheese salad was liberally covered with a creamy dressing. A good portion with lots of flavour.  Duck and black pudding with a side of mash (I can't remember the proper French name) went down very well as a main. Again it was amazingly rich, which felt like it should have put me off, but it was hard not to clean up the plate.  A pudding of minted chocolate with icecream (I'm sure they had a much more fancy name) finished me off. Again very rich, but clean tasting at the same time (if that makes any sense).   All in all a great experience, but one I'll wait a while before repeating in order to continue fitting into my clothes!
5 aw i'm so pleased that my 100th review goes to such a fabulous place!!  Galvin Brasserie de Luxe was my valentines day surprise dinner venue and it was just so perfect.... the food, the wait staff, the atmosphere, the food OMG......  after reading Blythe R's review of this newly re-opened restaurant i had mentioned to the boyfriend that it might be a fabulous place to try.  i have to say he was quite clever because i mentioned this months ago and yet last night this is where he lead me to for dinner.  we were greeted by a very nice host who took our coats and showed us to our table.  the restaurant is fairly large for a fine dining location but i think this relates to the fact is it part of the newly restored waldorf-astoria caledonian hotel.  and even with the size, it felt very french bistro chic with a cosy atmosphere that was accented with soft blues and dark browns and the black and white tiled floor.  we both noted that there was no music, however, instead of a draw back i found this quite pleasing as it allowed us to chat without having to shout over any loud music and the chatter of the tables around us created a really lively environment.  while the restaurant itself is lovely, it's really the food that is the star of the show!  we were offered both an a la carte menu and a valentines day menu, we opted for the later as it was three courses including a kir royale and a coffee with petit fours at the end. (incredibly good value at £39!, but i noticed there was no veggie option so maybe best to check if they could do that for the veggie people out there).  i started with a smoked salmon ravioli over juilenne carrots and radish with a creamy sauce.  i apologise that this description is rather lacking but i can't recall the menu description well and it's not on their website.  but i can assure you that this dish was delicious!  the smoked salmon was offset by the crispy veg that had a slighty asian type of taste and as much as i tried to savour this dish it was sooooooo tasty i sort of just shoved it all in my mouth as quickly as i could while taking sips from a very nice white wine.  next was the mains and we both opted for the duck breast over savoury cabbage with apple.  OMG just OMG really.  the duck was sooooooo tender and juicy with a nice crisp skin that went perfectly with the red cabbage that had a wee bit of spice in it.  and then the apples mmmmmm these were cooked to just slightly soft but still crisp and had a lovely sweetness to go with the cabbage and duck.  we'd also added a side of pomme dauphiosse (apology for the awful spelling) that was heaven in creamy potatoes.  i was only a bit annoyed we opted to share this as it was sooooooooo delicious i probably could have eaten all the potato goodness on my own.  and lastly dessert, if there was any way to end this delectable meal it was with the passionfruit souffle with raspberry coulis.  just... i have no words.  it was amazing.  the souffle just melted in my mouth and the taste of passionfruit was delightlfully strong and punchy and i struggled to savour it as i just wanted to eat it all up immediately.  it was just beautiful, that's the best way to describe it.  i also got a bite of the boy's chocolate mousse which was darkly chocolate-y and very luxurious.  we finished up with an espresso for him and a tea for me and some homemade fudge and pineapple jelly like sweets.  the whole meal was just wow.  the food was AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!  and the service was very prompt without being intrusive or making us feel rushed.  i also really adored the sommelier, who was a lovely french girl that was so sweet and helpful.  the atmosphere felt lovely and it was just a really wonderful fine dining experience.  i cannot recommend this place enough!!! and hope that my boyfriend sees fit to treat me to dinner here again soon :) :)
4 This place is so pretty from the outside with the wrapping windows and the warm wood tones. One day I finally had time to stop in, and I got a bar table and ordered the tuna. It didn't say appetizer and for 9 I didn't think it would be, but there it came, three small medallions of tuna on some sparse but tasty pickled vegetables. It was really damn good, and I wanted more, but decided against spending 18 for a bit of tuna.   The staff were very nice.  When they said they could not do a soy latte they were cool about it, and I took a regular one. I was there for about an hour, and they didn't pressure me.  Stay classy Galvin.  They do have wireless, though they say it is spotty, which is true.
4 Ta for the tartare  I have eaten here a few times and it is consistently good, slick service and great food.   Let's start with the decor, it's relatively warming, though a little sterile. Some tables look less welcoming than others, but the best seats in the house are at the u shaped bar. They have a shellfish display there which will make any seafood lover lose control.  I always have the steak tartare, and it is amazing, though if know this isn't for everyone's taste. Last time I went I had the whole plaice, with brown shrimps, which really was special. It was perfectly cooked and slipped off the bone, in a really light oil dressing, with capers, shallots and lemon juice - I'm salivating writing this.   Service is always totally professional, which is to be expected of a restaurant carrying the name of the Galvin Brothers.  I don't have any kids, but if I did I would take them here for lunch on Sundays, why? Because there eat for free!!!
5 Take a bow chaps.....you deserve it. Since announcing their intention to make a move to Edinburgh the Galvin Brothers have gone straight at it with a drive and determination that seems sure to land them their latest Michelin star for the fine dining restaurant The Pompadour by Galvin.  With the Brasserie and the Pompadour nestled within the newly refurbished Caley Hotel or as they like to call it The Caledonian, A Waldorf Astoria Hotel, they have brought the city centre standard up a notch. Now in Scotland we are well known for liking what we know - we are inherently scared/challenged by things/people we don't know. Enter stage left Executive Chef Craig Sandle once of the Balmoral, and General manager will be Dale Dewsbury, who previously spent 10 years at the two-Michelin-starred Restaurant Andrew Fairlie at Gleneagles. If ever there was a Fantasy Football style pairing to open a restaurant in Scotland who understand the clientele this is it.  So being the resident foodie in my office I was tasked with organising the works Christmas party, now when I think of any menu that's starts Christmas or Festive it invariably means the usual pre-theatre or *cough* 'market menu' *cough* bumped up in price with a turkey dish added and an extra £10 on the price.  Not so here, for a very reasonable £24 you could enjoy a lovely 3 course menu. For me as soon as I read the menu there could only be one choice for starter, Foie Gras Parfait, Pear and Raisin Chutney, Toasted Sour Dough. Hmmmmm. As soon as I read Foie Gras I am sold! This dish was light, rich and indulgent all in one. With the stunning presentation it was a great way to start the meal.  For mains I went for the Confit Chicken Leg, Brussel Sprouts, Bacon and Chestnuts, Pomme Mousseline. Soft, succulent chicken, salty bacon, woody chestnuts......butter mash.....what man wouldn't love this dish! In fact no foodie wouldn't love this dish. A real alternative Christmas dinner with some wonderful winter flavours.  To finish...yet more indulgence :) Baked Banana Parfait, Dark Chocolate Crémeux. The parfait was so light and still packed with so much flavour - with the dark chocolate setting it off worked perfectly.  Added to this we have a few bottles of a lovely Cote du Rhone making a perfect foodie Christmas meal. The staff, the service, the food....all top notch. The Galvins have added a real touch of class to our city and long may it continue.  The Galvin Brasserie de Luxe comes highly JD Recommended!
4 Live Jazz on Sundays and great set menus .during the week. Sunday roast was a highlight and enough beef for 2! Also where else gives you two massive Yorkshire puddings as standard. Galvins was a real treat and we loved it!
4 Having eaten here a few times, I can say the food here is consistently excellent. The service is attentive and professional and the wines and sommelier's advice is spot on.   You do of course pay more than average for all of this but if it's a special occasion, someone else is paying, or just 'cause you can afford it! Then go for it and enjoy!
5 Each bite full of flavor. Can't go wrong with any selection. Fresh takes on your typical dishes. Thoroughly enjoyed my meal, start to finish. Well done!
