5 Where would I be without them?  Or more important, where would my face be??  Seriously, they are great, I really like Dr. Jessica Anderson because she never tries to push services or products - you won't walk out of there over Botox-ed or too full of fillers.  Highly recommened - I have been going there for about three years now.  I have not done other services, but I would imagine they are all good as they are well run and very nice to work with.
5 Best place in Scottsdale for botox. Do you want to look ten years younger? Dont go anywhere else!!! GO TO NORTH SCOTTSDALE LASER AND SKIN CARE!!
5 I've been getting a few different things done here for the past year and I've been so satisfied with the results, the staff and the monthly specials.  They have a very light touch when it comes to injections so you come out looking refreshed, not refurbished.  I also like that you're not getting a heavy duty sales pitch every second of your visit, I feel like I can ask questions about different issues without the immediate response being - we have a cream/treatment I recommend.   The office itself is very nice and there is a ton of parking.  They offer a wide range of services so if you do your research and find something you might like to try, odds are they do it there.  Check out their specials and give them a try.
5 I have been going to North Scottsdale Laser & Skin Care for 4 years. It's a very friendly & clean environment and the staff is always so sweet. I go to Dr. Anderson for my treatments (botox, filler).  Dr. Anderson really takes her time with you and I always feel 100% trust and comfort with Dr. Anderson, therefore I would highly recommend doing your treatments with her. They also do monthly specials which is great for your budget!
3 I love Dr. Anderson & she does a nice job with Juvederm & Botox........never overdone!  But I do have a complaint about the laser treatments I had done on my chest for freckles & age spots, as the treatments had little effect!  I also had some laser on my face for spider veins/age spots & again they had no affect......I would not advise any of my friends, etc. to purchase either of these treatments.....
