4 I was gutted when Tony Singh announced he was closing Olorosso, for 10 years it was a beacon of good food in the city. The views, the food and the service made for a great restaurant.  But as cities have a habit of doing we soon move on and in the place has come Chaophraya, they are on Twitter @ChaophrayaEdi.   Steph and I love a walk in town after the farmers market on a Saturday and decided to try this place for lunch. There is something grand about having to get an elevator to a restaurant and then the stunning staircase makes for a beautiful setting.  They have lunch and a la carte menus giving plenty of choice but for our lunch we opted for their house mixed platter. This came with smoked salmon tacos, a chicken curry, papaya salad and Thai ribs. At a very reasonable £10.95 this was perfect. The balance of spice, fragrance and sweetness was well managed and we both left wanting for more.  We will be back and this place comes highly Jd Recommended!     Posted with Blogsy
5 Went for a Birthday party in a large group,  we had the private dining room booked.  Great quality food, a little expensive but i guess its true you get what you pay for.  Had Prawn Tempura starter and Chicken Pad Thai main course.  All very well done and presented.
4 Now I know what Edinburgh looks like to a seagull. From the Chaophraya 'glass box' on the roof above Castle Street you can see all the way to the ski slope to the south, over the Forth to Fife, to the north, and you have a gull's eye view over the street below.  Food? Oh yes, I got distracted there. The starters for the Christmas set menu were stunning. A dramatic display of spring rolls, pork kebabs, prawns and -um, something else that I forget - it was amazing. A rich tamarind spicy sauce and a delicious sweet chilli one - it really was delicious.  The mains in the lunch menu ... well, they were a wee big disappointing, just a fairly standard coconutty chicken curry and a prawn dish. Nothing wrong with them, but they didn't live up to the excitement of the starter.  It's a gorgeous place though, even if you're inside and not on the rooftop. Reasonably priced, too.  Get yourself up into the sky and see for yourself. I'm going back, that's for sure.  *looks round with beady eye, takes off with a squawk*
4 Chow-ya-fay-ra? Cow-fray-ya? Chow-nom-om-nom?  However you pronounce the name of this Thai restaurant, it's probably a solid bet for a nice Thai meal, bordering on feast, in opulent surroundings with the best of service.  Situated on the fourth floor of an innocuous doorway on Castle Street, it has taken over the space Olorosso occupied. Boasting views of the Castle, we sadly didn't get to see these as they had a plastic-canopied balcony set-up, and the plastic windows of the canopy obscured the view. A bit of a shame, but the attention to detail of the interior made up for it. It reminded me of dining in New York. Not one fork, tile or fish has been scrimped on. There is a giant fish tank in the middle of the restaurant with a variety of tropical fish. There are unusual, Eastern-inspired lighting, all subdued giving a warm, low-lit glow. There are statues of traditional Thai buddhas. There are many very friendly Thai waitresses greeting you with the traditional Thai greeting.   It very much reminded me of the hotel restaurant I dined in several times when I went to Thailand a few years ago. 5 star Thai service, no doubt about it.  The menu is quite large with something for everyone. Thai curries and food can often be very, very spicy (those darned bird's eye chilles). But I think they had toned this down for our Western palates.  The sharing Asian platter, at £9.90 per person, for a starter looked very tempting but we agreed would ahve filled us before our mains. So the starters of dumplings and fish cakes between 3 were a nice alternative. If I'm honest, the dumpling filling was a little overcooked and dry, and the fish cakes were just a bit weird. They had the texture of spam, like ground and reformulated fish. But were delicious in their own way.   The lamb massamam curry as a main was deliciously fragrant, sweet and creamy. The lamb was, again, a little dry and over cooked but it all disappeared and was a nice dish. My stir fry ginger king prawns was probably my favourite dish. Light, lots of vegetables, at least 7 large king prawns. Given that another Thai restaurant I visited presented me with my main King Prawn dish with only 4 prawns, this was a plus for me.  My sister had the Fisherman's Soup which came presented in the traditional Thai way (from what I had experienced in China) in it's own bubbling pot, served over a candle to keep it hot. A very fragrant lemongrass broth, with a great spice that hit the back of your throat, and a mix of sea food including the biggest mussell I've ever seen. This was also impressive.  If you're full after all that, the flowering jasmine tea is a great, elaborate and beautiful digestif for the end of the evening. The Irish Coffees were sadly not so great. But as my sister commented, you can't really fault a Thai restaurant for not doing Irish coffees too well?! Flowering Jasmine tea trumps, I'd say.  Is it the best Thai food I've had in Edinburgh? No. Was it one of the most luxurious, enjoyable, well-cared for meals I've had, with a rather lovely serving of food? Well, yes.  I would absolutely come back to Chaoo..... this restaurant for the opulent surroundings, the ambiance, atmosphere and outstanding service. It is a place to impress, whether it's your date, your parents, a business partner or meeting. It will absolutely provide the perfect setting for any special occasion, and you won't have to worry about the service not being on par. The food is definitely good, and we all finished our meals. But it isn't outstanding, and it wouldn't be for the food alone that I would return.
4 First of all, the view is worth 5 stars alone. If you can get a table in the glass box at the back, you're treated to a panoramic view of Edinburgh, from the castle to the Pentlands to the Forth. Magnificent, and surely one of the best views in town.  Even if you can't get the view, the décor and style of the place is very nice, with statues, fish tank and generally upmarket feel. In fact, as you walk up the stairs and enter the main dining room, it feels like you've misread the menu and this isn't the place you'd planned to pop into for a £6.95 plate of pad thai at lunch.  The service is very attentive, if not in fact too obsequious for comfort. I know it's a Thai culture thing, but I don't really like being waited on by Uriah Heep. Most 'umble, most 'umble.  In keeping with the upmarket style of the interior, the presentation of the food is beautiful. Especially with mixed starters, everything is arranged handsomely on the serving dishes, supplemented with stylish cutlery and place settings and even the menu design.  So overall, it's a stylish establishment with a view to die for and inexpensive lunch prices. Sad to say, in the end, the food didn't live up to the surroundings. We've been twice now, and both times the food was pleasant enough, but lacking in zing and certainly lacking in spice. The curry had no chilli whatsoever, and was made with strange large smooth slices of chicken breast that resembled thick chicken loaf. My pad thai was lacking in any citrus or tamarind tang, and didn't come with a wedge of lime to spritz over the top, which was sorely needed in this case.  It was all ok, but so westernised as to be bland.  Giving it 4 stars because if you're looking to have a stylish lunch with a grand view, then this is a good bet. A glass of wine and a couple of sharing platters is quite pleasant, but don't go looking for an authentic or tongue-tingling sensation, when there are many other Thai restaurants in the city.
5 Good patio (if weather allows it), and very neat/trendy decor.  The food is absolutely excellent and reasonably priced, with the exception of the set menus which seemed very expensive (we didn't try them).  The service was wonderful, and we had a very good time here.  It also has a small bar that seemed very lively.  I would absolutely return.
5 I booked a table for 4 people recently based on a recommendation from a friend - i seemed to be the last person in Edinburgh to find out Oloroso had closed down and was replaced with a Thai restaurant! (not that I frequented Oloroso often as it was pretty much out of my 'normal' dining budget). However, my friend promised me the prices were 'ok' so off I trotted....  WOW.  The food was exceptional and as beautifully presented as you would expect in a top quality Thai restaurant. The service was too good at times (can I say that?) - slightly too attentive. I mean, argh! leave my wine glass alone! However this is the Thai culture of providing the best service possible where 'the customer is king' so I can't really fault it.  The prices were pretty reasonable as was the wine list, which was also quite extensive. The cocktail bar we were offered a seat in after our meal was a nice touch and very convenient whilst we debated where to go next. Ambiance and decor - lovely. It'll be lovely in the summer for some al fresco dining.  A definite 5 star recommend from me and I'd go back in a heart beat.
3 The restaurant is on the top floor and after a swift elevator trip and a few stairs you are greeted into an opulent and grand dining & bar area.   The fish tank is obviously the main focal point.   We were seated next to the tank and it provided and calming effect I found.  on seating we received a bowl with cassava crackers and sweet chili dip to nibble on when choosing or dishes.  We have been advised by previous visitors to not go for any sharing starters, thus I opted for the King Prawn and Mango Salad and Anita A. took the Chicken Satay Skewers.  The prawn salad was a let down. No real taste apart from the occasional punch of charcoal - the mango was a tad bland. The chicken satay was nice lightly flavoured and the peanut sauce was not carrying any heat, but was flavoursome if a little sweet.   For main I choose the pork belly with green beans, peppers, basil and chili. And a side dish of sticky rice. Anita had a beef curry dish with white rice. Missing the flavours on my dish I asked for additional chili flakes and soya sauce. The pork belly was cooked very well - with crispy bits! I used the sauce from Anita's curry dish to flavour my rice, which was very nice and well cooked  We finished with espresso and a brandy.  The Service was efficient, friendly and in all very good. Napkin placement, crumbing and genuinely interested how we liked our meals.   I was hoping for a little more in regards to the food, it wasn't dressed nor very tasty. Adequate which is in stark contrast to the location and the service.
3 Well, after previously giving this place 5 stars I have to say i was really disappointed with this visit. The service was still great and decor lovely however the food was disappointing. Standards have slipped! After a mixup with one of the starter options, which they rectified by bringing the correct dish as well as leaving the old, we found the pork satay quite tough and the sauce on the ribs a bit too citrusy for my liking. I love barbecue ribs normally but these weren't brilliant at all, smothered in this gloopy sauce. My chicken spring rolls were just ok, a bit too greasy perhaps.   My lamb curry dish was probably the best dish but that's not saying much. It had potatoes in it with an aromatic green sweet curry. Quite tasty but I could see no trace of the chickpeas which was one of the main selling points of the dish for me. The described "slow cooked" lamb didn't live up to reality as the lamb was a bit dry. No way were the chunks slow cooked in that curry for hours as described by the waiter. My dad's duck dish was terrible. Really overlooked and fatty. The only consolation was that they knew we didn't enjoy the food and took a couple of the dishes off the bill.   Wouldn't rush back. The kitchen has really let this place down. Never thought I'd see me dropping a 5 star to a 3. And the only reason they're getting 3 and not 2 was the attentive service and really nice waiters that tried to solve our problems. :(
4 An amazing restaurant that you may not find unless you know it is there. We went for a cheeky lunch date to enjoy the sunshine on the terrace and the amazing views of the Castle and George Street. They have built a glass room on the top of the building for if the weather is bad, this and the terrace overlooks the castle. It is a lovely location day and night, or for a romantic destination. They also have a private room for dining with castle view. The food is amazing and the staff are absolutely fantastic. The waitress did mix up our order though but what we got while a surprise was still really good! Great for a cocktail too with some interesting new ones on the menu and a good wine list too.
5 I found myself in Edinburgh at lunch time, hungry, and slightly at a loss where to go. Edinburgh has literally hundreds of options, and my current 'Edinburgh hit list' is aimed at evening meals. My friend happened to mention my review of Chaophraya and how she wished we could try that. I suddenly realised that I'd read on their Twitter that they'd recently opened their newest addition to the chain in the 'Burgh. Lo and behold, it was literally round the corner from where we were!  Maybe we are just a bit dim-witted (this is pretty likely...) but we had an adventure getting there. The first issue was totally our fault: we walked right past it. We saw the sign in the foyer and decided to take the stairs instead of the lift. So we headed up the stairs...and found ourselves lost in an upper floor full of locked doors and fire escapes. The key to success: be lazy and use the lift. The stairs are not for Chaophraya!  After the ridiculous journey, we decided a wee cocktail was ideal. The cocktail menu seemed similar to the Glasgow branch but the Siam Smile cocktail wasn't described properly.  We opted for the lunch menu and had a single course each - we were dipping in and out of Edinburgh's finest cocktail bars and patisseries all day so we didn't want to overfill ourselves! Splendid.  My main dish consisted of gorgeous, fat udon noodles stir fried with fresh seafood (scallops, mussels, calamari, tiger prawns), and flavoured with garlic, chunky chillies, mushrooms, bamboo shoots, fine beans, onion & sweet basil. It's pretty spicy, but not a patch on the spicy beast I devoured last time I was in Chaophraya! It was delicious. Everything Thai noodles should be!  My friend had a really nice creamy and nutty lamb curry. The strips of lamb had been slowly cooked in coconut milk with cashew nuts, potato & Spanish onion so everything was soft and moist, but also absolutely saturated with gorgeous flavours. It was served with sticky jasmine rice - every bite was a pleasure. It was just a lovely, warming, comforting (and filling) Thai curry.  My other friend had the Thai green curry. At first it tastes very mild and sweet, then the fiery chillies kick in. It was fantastic. The chicken is marinated with lemon grass, coriander & garlic and then grill cooked. The chicken is added to the green curry sauce, avocado, fine beans, sweet basil, red chilli & sticky jasmine rice. It was really tasty and not too heavy to eat. Just beautiful.  The staff were friendly, the restaurant is absolutely gorgeous - the same Chaophraya style but with this beautiful rooftop edge - and I had a lovely dining experience here. My friends were delighted that it lived up to their expectations. I'd absolutely recommend it.   See my full review with photos at: http://houseofherby.com/2013/04/04/chaophraya-thai-edinburgh/   But  before you go, remember: TAKE THE LIFT.
5 Had a lovely dinner here a few weeks back, followed by drinks on the balcony.   I didn't know what to expect as I'm usually not found of chain ethnic restaurants. I was however pleasantly surprised, the service was authentic and the food was good. It didn't have some of the pre cooked or packaged meal feel that you get with chains trying to save on food cost.  We moved on to the balcony which was amazing thanks to the great summer we've had. Service was fast and attentive.  All round an excellent evening and looking forward to visiting again!
