1 At first glance, this is your typical Vietnamese nail salon; clean with one female and two males ready to do your nails and barely speak English.  Over the summer, I went to this nail salon a few times and really tried to make it work (For a pedicure and gel polish.)  The men are PAINFULLY slow and a 2+ hour nail appointment just doesn't work in my schedule.  Kim, the female, is usually booked and seemed to be the best, so I gave her a try.  My August appointment with her went quite well with her doing a good job ; although I did have to try to ignore her very  bad mood.  Trying again,  I booked an appointment, and was quite disappointed to have to wait 40 minutes, only for her to lecture me that I was on my cell phone while I was waiting. She literally lectured me like I was 5 years old.  Okay, you're probably wondering why in the world I would give her ONE more try.  I always give people the benefit of the doubt, and since the salon is in a convenient location for me - I tried her again - for the last time - EVER.  After getting a pedicure (her pedicure's are always below average) and a gel manicure, I was beyond disappointed that my gel polish started to peel after 3 days.  This is the SECOND time this has happened to me at this salon.  I believe they use very old polish.  Although I reported it before, and popped in to show them the peeling from the cuticle, the reaction was irritation, like it was somehow my fault.  I went back today, with an appointment, to have Kim fix the two nails that were chipped and peeling from the cuticle, getting stuck in my hair.  For a $35.00 gel manicure (plus a generous tip), it should certainly last more than 3 to 4 days.  More importantly, since I was there for 2 1/2  hours last time, due to her booking multiple people at the same time and fixing other client's nails, I really didn't want to have to return to get two nails fixed less than a week later.   To my surprise, Kim acted so annoyed that I had the nerve to come back to get two nails fixed, she made me wait forever and told me  it was very inconvenient for her to fix my two nails.  Like I really wanted to spend another hour getting two nails fixed.  Go to this salon if you enjoy rude Vietnamese people who use OLD polish (consistently) and refuse to be polite when asked to fix a job poorly done.  There is really nothing nice about this place except that it is in a good location.  As a side note, the name of the place seems to change here and there.  You may save $15 by going to a Vietnamese salon, but this one will cost you more in the long run because your gel polish won't last as long and it's never been a good place for pedicures.
5 This Wonderful salon is run by a very sweet Family. I have been a loyal customer of Kim for over 15 years now. I have followed her from working in someone else's salon until she finally succeeded in opening Kylie Crystal Nails. Kim and John are the owners and couldn't be more gracious than they already are! I walk in smiling, I'm usually laughing while getting the BEST Pedicure and the very BEST Gel Nails in Scottsdale!!
2 I stopped at this salon only after Shea Nails (which had come highly recommended) didn't have anyone available to do a mani/pedi for about an hour. There were a couple of other customers in Crystal Nails but I was taken promptly. The first thing I noticed was that the metal supply carts between the pedicure chairs are FILTHY and so gross. I know... I should have left then....but I'm just not that type of person. The gentleman doing my mani/pedi was very nice and did a good job, Although I was annoyed that he seemed more interested at watching what was going on on the tv then my nails, Looking around I was just amazed at the consistent level of dirtiness.....light switches, stools, counters, floor.......I know that there is a lot of nail dust created when you're doing acrylic nails....but- then you should have a routine to clean it!  The final nail in the coffin was when another customer came in and my guy finished up my nails and headed over to start her pedicure with the same little boxes of tools he had just used on me EWWWWWWWWWWWw. I don't understand why it is SO hard to find nail places that have good sanitary practices!?  All I want is some place that speaks clear English and uses clean instruments!
