5 Aviation Nation is a great way to spend Veteran's Day at an "open house" and annual Las Vegas Air Show for the public at Nellis Air Force Base.  Veterans, kids, and everyone else in between got a great chance to tour various air crafts and enjoy entertainment by the U.S Armed Forces. From paratroopers during The Star Spangled Banner, air strike demonstrations, and precision aerial acrobatics from various planes and jets was an awesome spectacle for all.  My favorites were the Heritage Flight showcasing the history of the American aircraft, the F-22 Raptor demonstration, and of course, The Thunderbirds finale.  This is one annual event that is not to be missed...Happy Veteran's Day!...ALOHA!!!
5 Is there a better way to celebrate Veteran's Day than this? I was excited when my friend invited me to go, I haven't been to an air show since I was a kid, it was an annual event for us to go to Miramar and enjoy. This was a great way to pay respect to our military, past & present. They offered free shuttle service, and free entry. There were so many planes & jets around to check out, my favorite was the C-17 we were able to go in. They show cased lots of different flying styles but my favorite was the Thunderbirds. I was so obsessed with watching the flight crew & maintenance crew walk in uniform & do their pre flight checks, there is something so satisfying to my OCD to watch them all in sync and fly so perfectly (yes I really did say that out loud). I was so impressed with the only female pilot on the team, she was pretty amazing. I also got to enjoy fresh kettle corn! Stellar day! Happy Veteran's Day!
5 The Little Guy is into planes and what better place to show him some serious aerial work than at Aviation Nation!  What the heck is Aviation Nation?  I've been living in Vegas since 2007 and sadly, I have only learned about this last year!   Aviation Nation is Nellis Air Force Base's annual open house!  What makes this event so awesome is that it's FREE to the public.  It's a Saturday and Sunday event that goes from about 9:30 am to 3:30 pm during the Veterans' Day weekend.  During this event there are several military air demonstrations going on, so your eyes are constantly looking to the skies.  You get to walk through a giant military transport aircraft as well!  They have a bunch of other military planes and jets sitting out that you can take a look at up close, or relatively close at least.  This is a very family affair with tons of food stands available and bounce houses for the kiddies.  (Of course, that part isn't free.)  Parking is free too and they are an organized  bunch here.   They have you parking at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway and the shuttle buses will take you to the air force base.  We arrived pretty late in the day, but there were still quite a few latecomers as well.  And when there was a mass exodus at the end, it was easy breezy getting to our cars and back onto the freeway.  (It was freakishly efficient!)  Security is super strict though!   You will have to pass through a metal detector and your bags will get searched.  No outside food or beverages, except water in clear plastic containers.  No glass or coolers.  The only exception would be if it was for your child.  Strollers are allowed though.  Small chairs are allowed too, but you will have to take them out of its carrying bag when you go through security.  Only personal bags and small camera bags allowed.  No lugging around a backpack at this event.  It can get super loud at this event with those jets whizzing by, so bring some ear protection if you have it.  Of course, you can always purchase some of these there too.  We had a great time and our 21 month old kept asking for "More more" as the jets would zip on by!  See you next year!
5 It was my third year attending the amazing Aviation Nation in Las Vegas. Veterans Day 2012 was extra special for me.  This is one of the best free annual family orientated events that people can go to in Las Vegas. Usually, getting onto an Air Force Base takes a lot of time and you have to know someone to get in. With free parking and bus shuttle service, there really isn't a reason not to go.  The amount of technology in some of the airplanes can not be matched anywhere else on the planet. The Thunder Birds are key to the entire weekend show. They are based out of Nellis Air Force Base and perform over 50+ shows around the country every year. It was announced on Sunday November 11, that it was their 61st and final show for the season. If you've ever seen the Blue Angels, you must see the Thunder Birds.  Their aerial acrobatics are choreographed like something you might see out of a Cirque Du Soleil show. There are always surprises and new things to discover. This year they had on display several unmanned drone aircraft equipped with ordinance. Last year I saw a stealth bomber up close.  Aviation Nation air show in Las Vegas, is the only way to get access to this amount of aviation's past, present and future!
