5 A store with a fresh new outlook on skincare! That is exactly how to describe Citrine! While exploring the new UNION in Biltmore Fashion Park, I stumbled across Citrine which is one of the 18 local shops within UNION. At first I didn't go in because they were all skincare products and I wasn't technically in the market to replenish, but then I decided to check it out. Boy am I glad I did!   First off, the shop owner Melissa is very sweet and offers an educational outlook on the way to approach skincare. She used to work for Bobbi Brown Corporate so she is also very good at makeup!   The store itself has a variety of different skincare products, including my favorite smelling brand, Kai! Melissa was welcoming and made me feel comfortable enough to talk to her about my skin which allowed her to walk me through some new regimes to try out. I ended up leaving with an exfoliater and eye cream from Ren as well as some delicious smelling body spray from Kai. I plan on returning to purchase more of the Ren products and I might also give the makeup counter a shot as well!   I also noticed that you can make your own perfumes by picking out different scents to mix together. I think this would be a perfect holiday gift for friends or family! You could even give them a gift card so they can visit and mix their own so you don't have to figure out their scents!
5 Citrine is a beautiful store! I love coming in and seeing what is new in the natural beauty world. Owner Melissa makes you feel at home, she is also very knowledgable about the products. I will definitely be coming back!
5 Love the owner, product lines and custom blended perfumes!  My skin and make up and scent routines are much improved thanks to Melissa. You must stop in!!
5 Citrine beauty bar will make you feel like a super star Located inside the Union, it's a healthy sort of beauty bazaar Free from harmful chemicals, your skin will go so far! Lookin' like an famous A-List celebrity movie star  Upgrade your cosmetic shelf With natural products for yourself  Sweet and upbeat The staff are knowledgeable with free makeovers as their special treats "go ahead and take a seat, we'll make you feel complete"  Got me lookin' finger-lickin' good (got the BF in constant wood).
5 The girls are very knowledgable! I had an amazing time at my consultation. Definitely ask for Jen when you walk in!
2 This store has a wonderful concept. There isn't a huge selection, but I can appreciate that, because they are a small start-up type store. Good for them for starting with a core inventory of solid products rather than a huge selection of random items. The strictly enforced return policy is that items must be unopened and exchanged within 7 days. No returns, at all. I got burned, but I should have asked at the register when I purchased instead of when I brought my unopened product to return. I wish the sales lady had informed me. Be SURE about what you are buying, because if the tried-on makeup irritates your skin by the time you get home--you can't return it.
