3 There is so much to say about this place I dont even know where to start. Hmmm how about the beging!!   I have 2 iphones that were completly demolished and have had a few estimates on getting them fixed and wow, get the insurance for phones!! So we stoped in here to yet again find out how much the damage would be and much to my surpirse the cost and time to fix the phones were right on.....but..  Beware..... if you are not use to a high speed, fast talking, fast moving little Asian chick that just seems to not quit then dont go in here. Let me lay it out for you. All in all she is a pretty cool chick and her team got the job done fast and cheap. but at times in her small packed lobby it was just a mad house! She apeared to be running around like a chicken with her head cut off and then stoped and barked orders like a pitbull then turned around at the customers and gave an odd experince of I think good customer service??!!! There seemed to be a good number of regulars there which struck me by surprise as it is a repair shop for phones. (Dude get a case) Anyway, after the shock of her insane running around and yelling and laughing at her emoployees i came to relize that this place reminds me of reality TV drama show. It became fun to watch and I was looking for my bag of popcorn while we waited for our phones to get fixed!   The last thing that took me back is that she only takes cash.. it made me begin to second guess this place and look for a business lic. but there was none in sight. So keep this mind if you go here.   Oh wait one more thing... There are no prices listed so take your cash and bargin!!
1 Awful  These people have had 2 iPad boards of mine for over 2 months and they stopped responding to my calls or requests to have my boards back.  They are simply irresponsible and inconsiderate.  They won't tell me the truth of what happened with the parts.  They always gave me excuses to get me to give them more and more time.    Now they have my phone number and won't even pick up.  If for some reason they do, they keep me waiting or hang up.  They also work in ebay under the name Apple-r-us so beware.  Do not trust your equipment to these people... you will regret it later.  Consumer protection affairs should step in.
1 Referred by this place from Outlet PC. I called and asked how much an Samsung Galaxy S4's screen cost to replace.    $300!!!!!!   What? Where does a business get off charging $300 for screen replacement when it costs $200 to get a new phone one through insurance?!!    The girls on the phone were rude & they didn't want to put their manager on the phone.  The first girl just either stopped talking or hung up on me after I asked for the manager.  I had to call back.   When I called back I think the same girl answered?  The manager never got on the phone because I finally hung up because it was not worth my time waiting on the phone.   This place seems unprofessional & personally after reading the other post it's not worth my time or energy to negotiate.   It would be stupid if someone did a repair vs replacement for that cost.    I should have gotten a case for my phone right away :(   Advice: get a case/get insurance
2 This place a whole lot wrong going on with it. The service is horrible and they don't attend to you till they feel like it. They don't knowledge when you go in the store and their products are crap. I had gone in to replace the battery on my iPhone and it cost my 50 bucks. When I went back to pick it up they only accepted cash which wasn't a big deal. What caught me off guard is after putting the battery in they said there was no warranty on it. I took it and within 2 days the battery was lose inside and my iPhone would over heat. I called and explained the issue they said to come back and they would look at it. All they did was tighten the phone and nothing else. My phone would take literally 4 hours to fully charge and about 45 mins to drain. They didn't replace it and said it must be the excessive use of my daily work habits on my phone. They are unprofessional and the place should burn to the ground.
2 I'm going to waste my time coming here anymore. I bought an extra phone charger cord & a phone case, both were broken withing 2 weeks. I'm not careless with my devices so I know it wasn't due to misuse or abuse. The quality of the products here is cut rate, similar to what you find at a swap meet. If you wanna pay your bill here that's no problem but buy genuine products, not the cheap copies sold here
3 I was referred by another computer repair shop for the purpose of unlocking my iPhone to switch carriers. I called and it was a young sounding girl that answered very quick. She was giving me very short answers, and in the middle of my questions said " hold on" and put me on an actual phone hold then came back and asked me all over again what was your question.  She got the question answered, but my immediate thought was "how unprofessional". It's a good thing I only need to get phone unlocked. Yet when I went there it was a completely different feel. They were quick and on point. I've actually been back 3 times since the first and it's been good.
1 **********DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT PHONE NOT WORKING!!!!************  Sent my phone with the problem which they said they can fix without checking the yelp, (luckily I had signature confirmation) they held the phone for three weeks without contact, so I got nervous, started to call, sent email but nothing. When I actually got someone on the phone, they said hold on and they just leave the phone on the desk for about 15 min until I hang up. (I can hear what they are saying, usually arguing with a customer in their location).  so I look them up on Yelp and guess what? Two stars....no wonder.    This been going on for about 3 day me on hold like that so I actually disguised myself as someone else just to get hold of the person in charge.  Finally they said, they will send the phone back. within an hour, I get an invoice for repair which i don't even know it is fixed or not. Being disgusted with them, so I just paid so that I can get my phone back.  Finally got my phone back and guess what, phone doesn't even turn on. My phone was working and the only problem was wifi greyed out (common iPhone problem) but now the phone doesn't even turn on. So I sent an email asking why and guess what? No answer.  I am going to pursue to stop them from ripping people off.  This business should be closed.
4 I own a mobile phone repair shop and have used them for multiple logic/circuit board repairs.  We handle pretty much any repair except for logic board work (replacing chips, circuits, etc).  They have handled our business very well and have always been able to provide us with results that make us happy. Pricing is pretty good and turnaround was pretty good. Did have to chase them down a little on the shipment though.  I had tracking and was watching the shipment and didn't hear anything from them for a couple days after they had received the devices, so I had to call.  Took a few minutes to get some answers and get somewhere, but the work is good. Does lack a "professionalism" as it relates to the phone call and getting questions answered. Overall happy with their service.
5 1 Hour wait.  70$ to replace the screen on the iPhone 4 & 4s.  Cons: Cash only  This charged an extra 15$ charge to fix charging port without asking.
5 I've came to this location a couple times now and both times the service was great! The first time I came in was when I accidentally put my iPhone through a wash cycle and thought my phone was done for. The repair was $100, $80 for the initial water damage and $20 for the back camera that was ruined. I honestly was expecting to pay way more than that since many places I called prior to coming here mentioned $100+ pricing. My phone worked great after and did not have an issues due to the water damage. The second time I came in was due to me dropping my phone and the battery become lose. They quickly helped me and within 10 minutes my phone was fixed and I was not charged at all. Huge shoutout to the employees and manager for that! I know that this seems like it should be a free service but in Vegas you don't get that often or ever so extra cool points for this place!
3 They are so nice I'm proud of you ! They do good work on my phone and always give me a free case.
