5 I was here yesterday for their grand opening and I must say I was quite impressed with the food and the service. I've been to their other location that was a 40 minute drive away and the food there was worth the trip. This new location is only 10 minutes away and I predict I'll be here 4 days a week now!
1 Typical Chinese -American We were a party of 4 and they got two orders wrong with a thin apology or discount for screwing it up.  Wouldn't go again, probably won't be around long with service like that.
5 One of the best Chinese places in Arizona by far. Independent from the other Chen's, this one seems to focus on the eating experience. Decor and customer service is a A+ in my book!  Will be back!
5 Excellent food and service. Highly recommended.
3 The service was AMAZING!!!  The food is decent, however agree that if you want something exotic you will need to leave the confines of Gilbert ;)  The lunch portions are huge, and my husband and I paid approx $20 (including tip) for two lunch specials and two sodas.....really good value.  We will be back.
3 Not bad...not great. Definitely give them a try if you're in the area and craving Chinese. The won ton chip and sweet sour sauce is something I'd liken to the Chinese rendition of chips and salsa. Nothing special by any means, but edible, if a tad greasy. The menu is not very extensive here, but I appreciated that rice was served with entrees.   The service this evening was a tad on the slow side. Not a big deal, they were understandably very busy on this weekend night and quite popular. A bunch of us showed up at the same time to be seated. The booths are comfortable and seating near the front window allowed for pleasant conversation as noise levels in the middle of the dining area seemed quite loud.  The hot sour soup is a bit too sweet, but hearty and filled with lots of great ingredients, like tofu, shrimp, veggies and such. The mapo tofu was kinda "meh" and tasted a bit off- almost a bit cinnamon-y. The veggie and tofu was great. All in all, a decent meal I'd give a 6-7.
5 Great lunch specials! $6 for chicken, beef or pork and $7 for shrimp. Comes with soup, egg roll and angel blossom.
4 iI visited Chen's for the first time last evening.    Was pleasantly surprised.  The food was very good.   Had hot & sour soup [excellent-best in Valley] and their General's chicken.    Also very good.      I was very impressed with the decor and customer service.   I am very impressed with Flo's in Scottsdale but Chen's is quite competitive.       I will return and enjoy other offerings.         Highly recommend you give Chen's a try, I don't think you will be disappointed.
1 Kind of annoying I walked up to the door 45 minutes before closing, and they were already shutting it down. Bad for business. I won't be back. The girls and the male server just stared at me and went back to cleaning and talking without approaching the door.
5 This place just opened so I decided to give it a try. I was impressed!!! Very nice decor & employees. You can't beat their lunch special. $6 for your entree plus choice of rice. (I get brown rice.) plus comes with egg roll, angel blossom, and salad! I even had leftovers for later. Great place & I will be visiting more often.
4 This is definitely the best Chinese food in the area.  I'm happy they opened near us.  The General chicken is good and the ribs are good too.
4 This place is pretty good. The lunch menu is a really good deal and give you plenty of food. The price is right and the service has been great. I have been here a couple of times and been happy each time.
3 3.5 stars, finally a good Chinese restaurant on the East side! Love the dinner combinations since they come with a excellent egg roll, angel puff, fried shrimp and choice of rice.
4 I really like Chen's and come here regularly.  My husband and I usually get the family dinner for two which includes soup, a shrimp appetizer, and egg rolls along with two entrees and rice.  I love the chicken dishes that include lots of vegetables, but don't care for the ones, such as sesame chicken, which are nothing but meat.  I just have a hard time believing that families in China come home to dinner and have meals that are all meat.  But this seems to be typical of Chinese restaurants in America, so make sure you order some veggies on the side if you want a balanced meal!
5 Absolutely great! Loved the garlic chicken, a great staff and was very clean...
5 Best Chinese food I have had since I left Chicago 3 years back! I eat there at least twice a week and Vic and company are great when it comes to preparing your dish to your liking.    I'm hard to please and I leave there happy each and every time, I always have leftovers and the food has great flavor.
5 Best Chinese food around! Good prices, excelent service...
5 Visited Chen's today for the first time.  Great food at a great price and very friendly service.
5 Tons of great tasting food at low, low prices!  My husband and i share one meal and it's more than enough!
5 If you're in search of an amazing Chinese restaurant, look no further! I was very pleased with my experience at Chen's Chinese Bistro.   As soon as I walked in, I was warmly welcomed and seated. The ambiance of this restaurant was nice. My order was taken quickly and by a helpful waitress. While waiting for my food, I was kept busy by the many televisions and upbeat music.   My order arrived in no time. The presentation of the food was neat, which was nice. I ordered the lunch combination of the black pepper chicken. With my order, I also received a crap puff, egg roll, and rice. The chicken was filled with amazing spices and was absolutely delicious.   I highly recommend Chen's Chinese Bistro if you're looking for scrumptious Chinese food. Overall, this restaurant had amazing customer service and food. I will definitely be back for more!
4 Stopped here at 12:30pm. There were only about 3 other tables taken up. It was a very clean restaurant. I was promptly greeted and shown a table.  I loved the wonton chips and sweet and sour sauce was the perfect Asian 'chips and salsa'. The egg drop soup was very hearty. I had honey chicken and it was so fresh and hot! The brown rice was room temperature and the egg roll was very hot as well. The waitress was working her tail off, attending to the customers in a timely manner. I will be back, and bring others. My lunch special was $7!! You cant eat at McDonalds for that price!
2 Crap..... giving two stars only because waitress was helpful. Shrimp is extremely fishy and everyone else's food was bland.
4 I was glad I found this place and decided to try it. The service was excellent from beginning to end. The food came out and seemed fresh and was very good. The shrimp that came with my dinner was really good and I would have licked my plate if my wife wasn't with me.
5 Wow, surprised by the less than stellar reviews recently.  Went here for lunch a couple weeks ago, and I LOVED it.  Service was great, and the food was SO GOOD!  (and cheap since it was lunch hours)  I will absolutely be back here.  I wish they delivered!
4 Great service and great food! Always come here for lunch special! The teriyaki chicken is one of my favorite! They are also pretty fast with service. Just my opinion though, you just have to find out for yourself
5 My husband and I went here with my parents and we love it! They had a good price for a lunch special that gives you soup, eggroll and a big portion of your main course! The food was delicious! The service was also very good! I would recommend this place to everyone! Try it out and see what you think, but I know you won't be disappointed! :)
1 We ate here because we were in the area and Yelps good rating. I have no idea why it  is rated 4 stars. This was the worse food I've had in a long time. No flavor and fried rice wasn't fried at all and they swore it was. Good service horrible food.
5 I just got off work from Outback Steakhouse that is right across the street from Chen's. I was extremely dog tired and hungry from a long day's work serving tables and wanted to get a quick bite to eat. I carelessly walked into the restaurant and realized that it was empty and they were 2 minutes to closing (I was that guy). I immediately said I would go somewhere else but they stopped and insisted that I could order something to-go.   I ordered the generals chicken and had a blue moon while I waited for my order and talked with the owner. I realized that I have seen them at outback steakhouse before as guests in our restaurant and remembered how nice they were. The order took less than 5 minutes and I was on my way back home.   Food was still very hot and tasted really good. Broccoli, peppers chicken appropriately seasoned and spiced to my liking. Definitely will return to try other entrees. Thank you Chen's!
5 One of our favorite restaurants! Love the honey chicken and hot and sour soup. Good prices and excellent service!
3 The first few times we went here it was really good and great quality. The last few times have been a huge disappointment. Food is ok but not as great as before.
4 Not too shabby! It's a real Chinese spot but it's not a hole in the wall. It's actually kind of nice to not be scared to use their utensils!! Hahaha their food is a little bland, but nothing a little chili sauce can't fix!
5 Oh yeah...  Chen's in middle of Gilbert is a treasure.   Would not expect to find good chinese in middle of Gilbert.  Love the General's  Love the Dumplings.  Love the Kung Pao.    They can make it spicy if you like it... I do.
5 As fresh as fresh can get! Made when ordered. The lettuce wraps and war won ton soup is delish! Recommended :)
2 We really wanted to like this little locally-owned place. The people were friendly & fast. The menu had good options & was easy to navigate. The food, however, was less than impressive.
5 one word - awesome!
4 Good service and the food came fast and hot. Clue - any Chinese restaurant with the word bistro in it is an undercover way of saying it is not authentic Chinese food. With that in mind, the food was yummy.
5 Have been here a couple of times. They are SUPPER friendly. The First time we went my shrimp lo me in had a funny taste to it but they exchanged it. My fault for ordering seafood in AZ ;)   today we went and the food we great. Very reasonable, especially for lunch.
1 Greasy, very bland food.  The vegetables that is had tasted like they came from a bag and had almost no taste.  The prices were decent but definitely not worth it because of the poor quality of the food.  Also, the inside of the restaurant had an unpleasant odor which was terribly off putting. No thanks.
5 This restaurant is amazing! Great service, nice deco and everything tasted wonderful! Best Chinese food I have had in the Phoenix area!
2 We went with some friends for lunch. I'm really surprised at the 4 star rating of this Gilbert restaurant. The service was very good and I appreciated it. Our meals came out fast, and our waters were continually filled. Hostess and server were cheerful.  The lunches each came with choice of soup (I chose hot & sour), an egg roll and a cream cheese deep fried wonton. My entree was Hunan beef. My wife had almond chicken and my friends had Teriyaki chicken and Mongolian beef. Now, except for the Teriyaki chicken, I would not expect soy sauce in the dishes. But it was in every dish. Weird. My wife's almond chicken had corn and peas in it for filler vegetables. No, I'm not talking snow peas and baby corn. I'm talking about corn and peas you would get from your freezer or a can. Weird. Oh, yeah, AND zucchini. I had baby corn and snow peas but also celery. I'm always leery of Chinese dishes that have celery in it. That reads: cheap filler. My wife's and my dishes did have water chestnuts in it.  The egg rolls had no meat, they were just cabbage filled. The cream cheese won tons were decent. The soup was, too.  But soy sauce in everything? And cheap veggie fillers?  Naw, sorry, this Asian feels like I wasted my money.
4 I have ordered in and for take out a few times now. Ordering in definitely has its perks,  complimentary soup and the freshness of dining in can't be beat. I love the General Chicken.  Light tempura battered chicken in a delicious and slightly spicy sauce. I also enjoy the Kung Pao Chicken but prefer it with less onions and celery. Egg Rolls are $3 for two and worth every penny. You can ask for your entrees as spicy as you like but they do warn you if you order it spicier  than you can take it's on you.  Overall great food, delightful service and I will certainly be back.
5 Having lived on the east coast for most of my life, I didn't think I would ever find decent Chinese food in Arizona that was even comparable to what I'm used to. This place proved me wrong. The food is healthy, delicious and comes out fast every time. Plus, my boyfriend and I can eat a big lunch here for $15. I'm obsessed!!
5 This is the best Chinese food I have had. Period.  I travel for a living and experience many different dining establishments and this tips the list for excellent Chinese food with fast and friendly service.  Stop by and see what I mean.
4 I went there for the first time last week. Quiet place, friendly service the hot and sour soup was great! Chow main was my favorite. We tried 6 different dishes none were disappointing.
5 Delish! The apple blossoms are different then the typical crab puffs. They are actually kind of sweet tasting. The orange chicken is amazing. Prices are average and they don't deliver. Everyone who works here is very nice.
