5 AJ PETRUCCI helped me w/ a recent purchase & I couldn't be happier... He was nothing but helpful, honest, kind, patient & BEYOND knowledgable about the vehicles AND the purchasing system. I can't believe how much I love my new car & I feel like I got the best deal. I've needed to call back about a couple questions and had zero problems getting support when needed. THANK YOU AJ!! I can't wait to refer you!!
5 I have bought three GMC's here and have had a great experience. I recommend them to every one !!!
1 I purchased a truck from this dealer a little over 2 years ago.  Since then, they have repeatedly called me to try to gin up another sale.  "Do you want to sell us your truck."  "Do you want to come in a look at another vehicle."  Every time they call, I ask them to take me off their call list and to never call me again.  Yet, the calls keep coming.  Just tonight, a call came during the dinner hour.  It's really beyond belief.  Do they really think I will ever set foot in this dealership again?  Other dealers call, I know, but they (at least in my experience) stop calling when asked.  I think this dealership is so poorly run that they can't figure out that having your sales people call former customers on slow nights actually will cost you sales and goodwill.  My advice: go somewhere else.
1 OMG, I just has the worst experience ever with a car dealership. I went in to have my brakes done and an oil change on coupon, when I arrived the rude salesman, Jason, stated that they ALWAYS have to turn the rotors ( another 175+ per axle) AND with the cheap pads that were on coupon he couldn't guarantee they won't squeak. Now those brakes are costing more than my Mercedes brakes do- at their dealer!! What a sales pitch. The oil change was at least 17 + dollars more ( high mileage) and if I didn't like it too bad- go elsewhere . I had talked to there guy  for over 1/2 he to make my appt - couldn't they have shared all that. The sale manager ( Rick Stubbs) just kept saying " well, he's being honest) all the while no one had even looked at the brakes. Yea, we honestly want to rio you off to pay got our high overhead) to top it off- when I went yo my car it wouldn't start- the key was in the ignition and the battery dead... I called a friend and great mechanic - ( Stacey's Airpark Auto- Aaron Nelson) and he called a tow truck for me; had me pick up by there shuttle and will do the brakes and oil change for a reasonable price. No more dealer coupons for me and I'm asking everyone to STAY AWAY from Van's Chevrolet!!! (Unless you have $$$ yo burn and like being treated poorly) Thanks for listening  and thank Aaron for saving the day!
5 I recently took my vehicle here for service for a battery and oil change. A courteous young man named Jason helped me. Not only did he have the battery checked for free, but he had it all completed in under an hour. Great service and the waiting area was very welcoming. I highly recommend Van service department to anyone. Thanks guys.
