3 Good ambiance, great beer, amazing customer service ...sadly bad food. If you're looking for a nice fancy place to have drinks and hang out this is the place to visit but the food was cold and bland. Ordered the chicken and fish, the chicken was cold and the fish was bland and way too oily.   Definitely try out the beer paddles... worth a visit!
3 Beertown Public House is the latest addition of the newer concept public houses and modern bars in the Waterloo region. Located at Waterloo Town Square in Uptown Waterloo, the centralized location is definitely a plus for both locals and university students.    Like the previous reviewer, I find Beertown to be great for their beer selection and atmosphere. However, the food is mediocre at best.   The beer selection is quite excellent. On each table, you can find a beer bible listing Beertown's complete selection. For me, the inclusion of a beer bible is reminiscent of the Bier Markt chain in Toronto and Pub Italia in Ottawa. That being said, the selection that is offered, (wheat, lambics, pilsner, ales, lagers, IPAs, etc.) can satisfy almost any palate.   Plus, if you are indecisive, there are beer paddles, which is pretty much a sample of 4 beers, available.    Keep in mind that there are no dinner reservations for Friday and Saturday nights. If you decide to go, the wait could range from half an hour to an hour.  All in all - a great place to visit to have a drink with a group. Not so much for food.
4 I really like this place, as I'd hoped I would. The service at dinner one night was great. An error was made in my order and an allergen was added to my tacos; the waiter not only apologized and got it out of there quickly, but the manager returned five minutes later with a replacement dish on the house. Perfectly handled.   Lunch specials are quite good. My companion really enjoyed her wrap and sweet potato fries, and I ate every last bite of my skirt steak salad. It was a splurge for lunch, but it was delicious and came fully loaded. Lunchtime service is quick and efficient.  No, the food is not *the best* in town but the beer menu and location make it perfect for uptown worker bees. Give it a shot with your coworkers and enjoy a paddle (or three).
4 I finally got to visit Beertown after months of trying! I went for lunch with some girlfriends and was very happy with the meal. We went around 1pm - so the restaurant was steady but not full. Our food came out quickly and the service was great. I had the turkey club sandwich and it was very tasty! We will return again!
3 Good beer selection and ambiance but food was so-so. I would suggest sticking to the apps and avoiding the mains. Poor variety and options for people who don't eat pork or beef.
2 Beertown had so much hype and promise going into its opening year with an amazing location and the promise of great food and beer. Unfortunately only two of these have delivered the beer and the location. I've been to this restaurant many times now and every time the experience has been substandard. Of the 5 times I've eaten here only once has my tables food been prepared and delivered properly without us having to send food back or having our server let us know that there was some sort of mix up with our food after being a bite in. Simply put it's just horrible food. The worst caesar salad I've ever had in my life came from this restaurant, and that's something that's pretty hard to mess up. Besides horrible food the menu itself is lacking in anything that's actually appealing, making choosing a meal a difficult.   As for the rest of the restaurant the interior is beautiful with a very trendy and modern design and nice features although it can be a little dark inside. The restaurant also features a great patio right on Waterloo town square which is a sure thing in the summer. The interior is rather loud for the size of restaurant so make sure you bring your hearing aid if you plan on having a conversation with your friends.   Now for the crown jewel of this restaurant from which it takes its namesake, the beer! The beer selection is fantastic! Make sure you take advantage of the beer paddles which allow you to sample four different beers at once. They keep a wide selection on tap although much of it is safer than I hoped for a restaurant that prides itself on a unique beer experience. They also feature a VERY wide selection of beer in bottle format.  I really want to rate this restaurant better given its trendy atmosphere and great selection of beer but the inconsistent service and horrible food won't allow me. Come here for a drink with your mates, not a bite to eat.
2 Such a disappointment! I've been there a few times now and keep hoping for something amazing, only to be sorely disappointed. The smoked brisket quesadilla was too overpowered by the horseradish sour cream. The beer garden salad tasted like a grocery store pre-made salad and not the quality I would expect from the Charcoal group. The poutine was yummy and large enough to share between a few people. I loved the sweet and light beer sampler but the tour of beer had a couple of beers that tasted pretty similar to one another and wasn't what I would hope for from a sampler. This place is often busy but I'm not sure if that's a reflection of the quality or just the lack of good options in Uptown.
3 It's new, it's clean, it's in a nice area uptown. Great beer selection. Just a bit pricey but some of these you will not find on tap anywhere else in Waterloo.  I should note that this is the second iteration if this restaurant/bar from the charcoal group (look them up).   The food is hit or miss. I really enjoyed the fish tacos but as other reviews point out, the salad can be off. The burger I had was so so.   It's safe to say that they don't hire most of their staff based on experience since it's mostly bad. This is unlike the Bauer kitchen, which has better service. It's a newer restaurant so that may improve eventually.  That being said. If you want to have a nice meal, there are better options. If you want to get drunk, go there if you can afford it. If you want to enjoy a couple beers on a patio or take a girl out on a causal date then this is a very good option. Just beware that it gets busy so plan ahead.
4 I came on a Wednesday night and was surprised at how busy it was, however the level of service we received was great and the food came out quickly. This place has a great chill atmosphere and I actually thought the food was pretty good! I got the fish tacos which was loaded up with tons of veggies and also the beergarden salad (which btw has a very yummy dressing). My friend got the fish and chips which was a decent portion and tasted pretty good too.   I can't wait to come back and try the other dishes and I would also like to try the beer samplers!
3 The selection of beer they have is amazing, but when you get the paddle that comes with 4 beers, they should make sure at least 3 will be good beers. There food is alright. nothing amazing and is a little overpriced.
4 Definitely get a paddle. That's the coolest part about Beertown. You can try four new beers that you might not have even heard of before. Each paddle glass is also small enough so if you don't like one, you're not stuck with a whole pint. Be adventurous! Aside from the paddles, they also have a very large selection of beer on tap (as you'd expect from the restaurant's name). Don't ask the waiter or waitress what they have on tap ;)
3 Went here to waterloo for a recruiting trip. it was one of those -30 days where I could only venture to the closest place without risking severe frost bite!  Had the tacos and the beer was great, it was a Monday so the place wasn't particularly packed.   The wait staff was really cool though, our waitress constantly would come by and chat with us, I think she though it was pretty cool our group came all the way from San Francisco.    Good selection of beer too, probably a place I'd go once in a while if I were a waterloo student.
3 Always so full ! Had to wait for 45mins. And we came here twice before but the wait was more than an hour so we decided not to wait...  Pub feeling , many tv and loud !need to yell to my friends, but was okay , it was a pub !  The starters were very good, unfortunately they were gone before I got a chance to take a picture . We had sweet potato fries, very good, can't go wrong with that ! The dipping sauce was special, creamy !  We also had tuna salad to share as well, also very very good ! Highly recommended!   I had the sampler, apple cider and the strawberry fuili ( I think ) were good, can get those from lcbo as well. The other two were not that good, one was bitter and I forgot the names...   I had the pork belly pouting for my main, it was very good!  My bf had the prime rib or steak like dish.... The meat was dry and taste-less... He didn't want the goat cheese side so switch to fries instead.... But still the dish was a put down   My other friend had half ribs and she said it was pretty good.  Overall, very good surroundings and hot waitresses !!!   But food is a bit pricy , four of us ate around $160? But we were really really full and I had my poutine packed up !
2 In for lunch with my Father in law.  He had a burger I had the Mac and cheese. Mine was cold he asked for no lettuce and of course got some anyway. We had a beer each, $50.   Two stars because they have Leffe on tap, nothing else particularly redeeming.
3 Very much a sports bar. From my vantage point, there were 17 screens I could see that were broadcasting a range of hockey and baseball.   We stopped in after dinner, so we didn't order any food. The beer selection was good, the service prompt. Nothing really stood out, hence the three-star rating. It was also basically across the street from our hotel.  The good: fast service. The bad: too much stimulus from all the tvs ever.
4 if you get dessert, make sure you get the bread pudding. It is delicious, warm, and moist. Be sure to try it.   Appetizers are great but the entrees are okay
