5 We  had our company meeting in Vegas in July and did Cycle Pub as a group activity one night. We had 14 people, which is the max the bike can hold. It was truly a blast. It's basically a pub crawl on wheels. We went to a few new bars I didn't even know existed (Lady Sylvia is a particular gem) and rode up and down the backstreets of downtown Vegas blaring music and ringing cowbells while people on the street rubbernecked at the sight. Totally unique and just plain fun. Perfect way to end our week of meetings and a terrific bonding excursion. We have rounded up some friends and already booked another round of this in a a few weeks.
5 We had an amazing time. Russel was the best host. I rented the cycle for my boyfriend's birthday. Everyone had a great time. Would definitely recommend the pub cycle.
5 I did the Cycle Pub this past Sunday afternoon and had an AMAZING time! Our tour guides were Beau and Taz and my group of girls and I loved both of them. Beau has a great personality that gets everyone excited and amped up for the tour. He's hilarious! We were laughing along with him before we even got on the the bike.   The bike is actually motorized so you don't have to pedal if you don't want, which I enjoyed because I've heard other bikes are pretty difficult. I prefer to enjoy my buzz and ride around not worrying about doing any strenuous activity!  We went to four bars and each one had something unique to offer. Absolutely loved Gold Spike with all the awesome patio and outdoor games... we actually ended up back there after the tour.   I plan to recommend this tour to anyone I know who is going to Vegas. Totally worth it! Easily the best part of our weekend! Our tour had us four girls, a group of 5 or 6 and another group of 2.... and we all ended up doing shots together and hanging out. So you don't need a group of 14 although I'm sure that'd be a blast as well.
4 First thing you should know is you are "not suppose" to drink on this LED lit bar on wheels. It is "suppose" to only transport you from bar to bar to get your drink on. Here are my tips to make this experience all you ever dreamed of.....  *Pick only your coolest friends who know how to party. This is key to the whole equation equaling awesome.  *Load your ipod with all of your favorite gangsta rap and the Killers or whatever gets you in the mood to fuckin' rage. This crazy apparatus does not have tunes of it's own. All good, just come prepared.  *Adjust your damn seat. You may be too faded to hear the dude running the show point this out. If you are part hobbit like myself you have to lower that seat or you may not be able to sit like a normal human being for days and it will royally suck balls.  *Master the art of fake peddling. News flash: YOU DON'T HAVE TO PEDDLE IN REAL LIFE TO MAKE THIS BIKE MOVE. IT'S A MAGIC BAR BIKE YOU CAN'T DRINK ON. Pretending is always more fun. What's even more fun is if you look around at your friends really peddling like this is a high intensity spin class. Just smile and wave and do your fake peddling. It's Friday night and this is not the Tour De Vegas. It's like a booze cruise on the city streets.  *Tell the man in charge where you want to go. Otherwise he will take you to lame places like the Nacho Daddy or other lame tourist traps. Create your own destiny guys.  *Bring a "coffee thermos or something" filled with a tasty beverage that you can disguise as water or coffee or hot chocolate. That's all I have to say about that. If you can't decode that message than maybe you should just be home playing Candy Crush or something.   That's all I got. Overall this is an amazing experience with the right group of people and the right music and right level of intoxication. Not 5 stars for me because the owner should A. Have his own music program. B. Negotiate drink deals with the local bars he drags you to. C. I wish it lasted longer.   Enjoy the ride......
4 Cycle pub it is...... Talk about having a great time and well organized operation. The downtown cycle pub is a great idea that fits perfectly into the new downtown bar district.  We booked out the cycle pub for around 2 hours and cycled to nacho daddy where I tried the scorpion shot (thick skin required), atomic liquor, The D and finally Goldspike.  The guide had a lot of knowledge of the area and the bars we went to, which was an added bonus.   Remember to take your iPod or some great tunes from your phone as you get to link it up to the stereo.  The only knock I could think of was you were unable to take drinks on the actual cycle. They said they are trying to get a license which would for sure get my group on again.  Highly recommend fun!
4 Talk about a designated driver for a pub crawl...this is BRILLIANT!  My friends found the Groupon and signed us up for a night of peddling and libations.  The Cycle Pub Vegas arrived promptly at the Pizza Rock restaurant and was ready for us to board a few minutes prior to our scheduled departure time.  Everyone was seated and peddling within minutes and we were off to our first establishment.  We enjoyed Bar Bistro, Lady Silvia and Atomic Liqueur before finishing up at the Gold Spike.   It was more work than a normal pub crawl, but we had a blast and would do it again in a heartbeat! Fun Times!
5 I've wanted to do Cycle Pub since spying it at The Greater Las Vegas Beer Festival last year so when I saw it on Groupon, I jumped at the chance. The timing of the posted special coincided with my birthday, so I invited 14 friends and booked the 8:30 time slot. I didn't quite know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised by the entire experience. From the moment Kevin picked us up, he made sure we were taken care of. We had picked four bars to stop at on our pub crawl, but when Kevin shared that by following that list we wouldn't get our first drink for 30 minutes we gladly changed our itinerary to what he suggested - Nacho Daddy's, Atomic Liquors, The D, and Gold Spike.  Each stop had a little something different to offer and the time allotted at each bar was perfect to take it all in. Kevin made sure to keep us on time to ensure the we made the most of our two hour time slot!   At the end of the tour, everyone in the party was raving about the fun they had. (I think some have starting looking into booking it for their special events.) Thanks to Kevin and Cycle Pub Vegas for giving us a unique, memorable experience. We'll definitely be seeing you again!
