5 See Homa for a keratin treatment- she will revitalize your dry curly hair, give you a chic cut or brilliant color. A perfectionist in whatever she does. Salon is in a great location; hip, friendly staff.  Update: I've done my hair straight, easiest it's ever been to look the best I've ever done it myself. Curly, nice curls with no frizz. =Addicted
5 Skaught is amazzzing, I love my color, my cut and the fabulous energy that he brings, as well as the beautiful salon.  Skaught went out of his way to obtain the color (ammonia free) that works so well for my hair ... even though it was not something that he normally carried.  I am thrilled with the results, and recommend him and his salon as the best!  Enjoy re-vitalized downtown as well, when you make an appointment!  An awesome adventure.
5 I have been a client of Skaught's for eight years and have never considered another stylist. He is so talented and makes me feel like a superstar every time I get my hair done. Now that he has opened this salon downtown, it's even more fun to visit and see new art on his walls every four weeks.
5 I have been to this salon several times now, and every time I go, there is new art featured on the walls, and the salon is always clean with a really cool vibe, and a sweet staff. It's also in a really great location in Las Vegas, surrounded by art galleries and fun hang out spots.  I highly recommend booking your appointment with Candice Marie Tesinsky. She is such an amazing stylist! Every time she does my hair she does it just how I want it, and always get's it done in a timely manner. She's super sweet, talented and gorgeous to boot!  You should definitely go to this salon and book Candice.
5 My new favorite salon!! They use Bumble & Bumble products!! I currently live in NY and I wait until I am back in Las Vegas to get my haircut because my hairstylist is simply put, that awesome!  My hairstylist, Megan, is super nice and friendly. She works with my schedule and does a FANTASTIC job on my hair! I am usually indecisive about what to do with my hair and she always has great suggestions.  I highly recommend her to anyone. Oh and the cost is very reasonable!
5 It's official, Im a big fan of this salon. Skaught really knows his stuff and is a true artist! When you walk in you are welcomed to enjoy the hip fun and relaxing atmosphere! Specializing in Bumble to Bumble and staying up to date with technique and trend, you are sure to get a personalized experience. I just love what they did with my hair!!! Check them out!
5 Honestly THE BEST salon I have been to in the many years I have lived in Las Vegas. Skaught Gibson runs a tight ship with some serious style. I tell him my concerns, and ask him to make it all look good on me, and every time I am extremely happy with the style I get. Skaught and his team really know how to make you look good and feel good about the style. His salon features Bumble & Bumble products.. and if you don't know.. now you know!   Having his salon at ARTS SQUARE, Skaught also features local artists that create in different mediums as well. Paintings, sculptures, jewelry ... just awesome stuff. Nice way to be part of the local art scene.   Local or visiting, it's not far from the main Strip and if you are local.. make the Josephine Skaught Salon part of your regular regiment. You will be thankful this salon is in your World!
5 Love this place! Next to great restaurants and artistic decor inside! See Rachelle! She's an amazing colorist! They carry great products like O&M and I can always count on Rachelle to give me good tips for keeping my hair healthy!!!
5 Love this place.   The salon is very laid back and the art is amazing.  Georgia is a great stylist.  Very friendly.
5 I love Rachelle, I have been seeing her for years, and she is the only person that I trust to color dark black Asian hair and making it look modern but natural. The salon has a great look very hip with the down town vibe.
5 Skaught is a brilliant artist and his medium is hair. He has created a beautiful salon in Josephine Skaught, as well as a true community of talented stylists, who all go above and beyond to create a quality experience and fantastic hair.  Skaught's attention to detail is apparent from the moment you walk through the door and is signed and sealed by the time the scissors take their first snip! This is a salon that has a presence and an energy that you really want to be in. I left feeling like a million bucks and loving my hair. I will never go to another salon as long as I live in Las Vegas. I highly recommend Josephine Skaught to anyone looking for a quality hair experience!
5 I have EXTREMELY curly hair, and this place knew how to cut it!  I came here a couple months ago, desperately finding someone who knew how to cut curly hair. I found her here! Allison is a great hair stylist. If you have watched the scene in the Princess Diaries where Mia is getting her makeover, that is how I felt. For $45, I was able to get my hair washed, cut, even blown out precisely how I wanted it.  She worked magic to my curls, and I left looking like a princess. Although I do not live near this salon anymore, I will definitely come back here for my next cut!
5 Ask for Amanda! She welcomed me with tea and always askes how I am. Hair came out fab... Also love the location in the Arts District. I'll be back!
5 Very happy with this salon... Was looking for a new stylist in Vegas and Allison was awesome. Came last week for a basic haircut and blow dry and loved her right away. She took the time to explain which Bumble and Bumble products to use on my hair and even showed me how to style it the way I wanted-- tousled and textured. While we were going through my "hair inspiration" Pinterest board on my phone, we realized color would be fun (I'd never ever colored my hair before) and I'd been considering it for a while. Sooo, we scheduled an appt for this week and I am thrilled with the result! Great stylist and good vibe in the salon - the music playlist is on point. Can't wait to come back and have Allison give me another fun look... Maybe bleached blonde? We'll see!
5 Skaught is amazing. He is great at cut and color. The salon is hip with art on the wall that they change every month or so. Makes it feel like your in a new salon each time.
5 I was in desperate need of a haircut, and Skaught is literally a miracle worker! My friend has been raving about him for years and now I am, too! I should post before and after pics. Skaught showed me several different ways to style my new cut and made me feel confident with my new do. He also kindly steered me away from a haircut that would have made me look like a middle school PE teacher. I highly recommend Skaught and his salon!!!
5 Amanda Fuller is by far the best colorist in town, and now she is in one of the awesomest salons downtown!  The combination is amazing and I highly recommend her! My husband and I both get cuts and color from Amanda. Not to mention they have testers of most the bumble and bumble products!!! :)
5 I've lived in different metropolitan areas, and have had several "high-end" cuts and colors.  None compare to the stylings of Amanda Fuller at Josephine Skaught.  I met her 13 years ago, and to this day I just sit down and tell her she can do what she wants.  I literally get stopped in the street over her color!  Skaught has created a deliciously welcoming salon, where I feel like I just left a fab party every time I get my hair done.    Stop missing out.
5 This little salon is super cute when you walk in and is perfect for the downtown revival.  Georgia, who has been doing my hair forever, is what led me here since she now cuts hair here.  I was greeted warmly by the receptionist and asked to take a seat while Georgia finished up with another client.  I watched as other stylists cut, dried, and colored other people's hair and it really is like watching an artist.  Everyone seemed to have fabulous results.  The receptionist and one other person asked me a couple times if I wanted anything to drink, so that was nice.  Turns out they have wine and beer as well.    As always, Georgia did an amazing job and I left with my new 'do feeling happy and ready for the evening.
5 Great location! ...fun stuff to do before and after you get your hair did. It has a nice look, but chill and not snobby.  I let Amanda do whatever she wants to do with my hair. It always looks great! "Amanda is the best at color, in this town." - My wife and a grip of other stylists and photographers in Vegas. She's been known to fix bad color experiments/failures without killing hair. Calm down. It'll be OK. Amanda's got you. Plus.. She's a blastie blast!
5 Amanda F. is a truly talented  hair stylist; a hair artist. I've been a client for many years and NEVER been disappointed. Amanda is a hair designer; hair sculptor, color specialist, creative and has a great personality.   Her appointments run on time and she has great work ethics. She concentrates on your hair the whole time and uses top of the line products. The salon is very clean, trendy, and staff is professional.
5 They are amazing!! I've been going to Stephanie for years and she's been at a couple different salons and this is by far my favorite. Everyone who works there is friendly, and make you feel welcomed. Their B&B product is amazing, I recommend this salon all the time to friends.
5 This place is the best! Allison rules. She gives the best head...massages. She listens to what you want and makes sure it looks good. I've never left not feeling satisfied. Come in once, and this will be your new salon for life!
5 This salon is FABULOUS! Allison is awesome! She's a great colorist and her cuts are R-A-D! She's definitely a master at the "no awkward stage" grow out cut. I love that she listens to what you want and actually does it. Great atmosphere and good vibes. Never going anywhere else!
5 It was my first time to this salon today and went on friend and yelp recommendations to see Allison.  She was amazing!  The salon was very nice, lovely people, and a great location.  Allison couldn't have been sweeter. She gave me a great consult and loved all my Pinterest hair do's for recommendations.  My do was perfect and she taught me some great tricks.  Will be back certainly!!
5 The salon was awesome. I was from out of town and thought I'd get a much needed haircut while my boyfriend had a business meeting. I called up and they squeezed me in. Allison was great! She has a happy personality and really enjoyed working with my hair and both showed. She really listened and stuck to to what I wanted, explained her techniques and taught me some new ways to get a great blowout. Her blowouts are fabulous...I have thick wavy hair and usually get a Deva cut but it was a treat to get a blunt cut and a blowout. Two days later the cut still looks great even though I wear it wavy. I'm in Vegas once or twice a year for work and will definitely come back again next time.
5 Wow...This Downtown Salon is located in the Arts District. WAY Hairstyle Forward with the latiest innovative styles and top notch colorist for both Guys and Dolls. This place has Style and class..All I can say is....When can I come again...cant wait. Theres a styist for everyone. BEST SALON IN VEGAS...Such Friendly fun PEOPLE.need a new Hairstylist OR NEW Fresh Look, I did and Im so glad I took my friends advise and came.  call or come in and let them know what your latiest needs are and they will suit you up with a top notch  Stylist....Ive been many times now and feel LIKE a movie Star when I leave. They have Great Colorist with the Bomb newiest Hair Colors.  Make a appointment.....kinda buzy when ive been in . THANK YOU JOSEPHINESKAUGHT....keep rocking
5 I waited all my life to find someone who takes care of my curly hair like Allison does! She is sweet, patient, hilarious, and incredibly talented at not just haircuts but color too. I would never let anyone else touch my hair. I love telling people about her when I get compliments on my curls, which happens so often it's awkward! She also recently changed my husband's style to a gentleman's cut and we both LOVE it. She has more creativity and talent in her little finger than I have in my whole body! She will pamper you while you get your trim or completely change your look into something fresh and amazing. You'll feel like a new person!
5 What's there not to like about this place? In the heart of Vegas' 18b Art District, it's a 5 min drive from my house.  As i settle in for a shampoo, I look up to find local art on the walls as i melt under Allison's scalp massage. My eyes close and I let myself go as indie rock plays over the speakers. I'm offered a beer, and you know what? Sometimes i accept because gosh darnit, i deserve it. I walk out of there with a dope haircut, a relaxed smile, and barely a dent to my wallet. Did i mention how awesome Allison is? Thanks always.
5 I just left my first visit here and let me start off by saying they have the best customer service I have ever experienced in a salon. I was greeted at the door with smiles and kindness and was offered beverages multiple times. My hair stylist was Amanda and she is absolutely incredible! She took my hair from a grown-out, faded red, to an incredible dark brown with honey blonde ombré balayage highlights. The pricing wasn't as bad as I expected, I probably would have paid the same amount and gotten half as good of a job at a different salon. It's perfect and I love it and I will definitely be coming back!
5 Georgia cuts my hair phenomenally, she fades it well and my hard part is real clean.  I love the scalp massage and the hot towel on my face.
5 Megan is amazing. She does such a great job helping me look my best. I always leave the salon feeling like a movie star. The atmosphere in the salon is wonderful. My teenage daughters love it here too. Megan listens to me and know exactly what I want even when i don't.  Thanks Megan!!
5 Every experience I have had here is amazing. From styling my wedding hair, to average haircuts, to the Brazilian blow out, each time has been better than the last. The staff are incredibly professional and friendly. I love Allison! She's got a great bubbly personality that keeps you entertained throughout your appointment. On top of that, she's extremely detail-oriented and has a great sense of style that keeps my hair looking great. Furthermore, It's always interesting to see the artwork hanging from the walls, as it's always changing. I would highly recommend this place to anybody and everybody who asks.
5 I was in Las Vegas for the weekend and I needed a hair cut last minute. I found this hidden gem through yelp and I was not disappointed. Allison was awesome. She did an amazing cut and blow out on my hair. I only wish I went for a color too because it seemed that is something they are all really good at. If I lived in Vegas this would be my new salon.
5 Brilliant work from a delightful team. You can't go wrong at Josephine Skaught. Skaught has been at this with a profound passion and it comes through in every person he touches.
5 Hands down my best haircuts and colors have been by the amazzzzing Amanda Fuller. She takes her time to understand exactly what I want and even though I'm terrible at explaining ... She reads my mind and gets it right every time! I've since moved to San Diego but can't wait to come back to Vegas and get my locks rocked by Amanda!
5 I had Megan Trivette and she was fabulous! My hair had a horrible green tint to it and was just dead and awful. She was able to walk me through the proper coloring and services we should do that would be best to bring my hair back to life and boy did it do wonders by time I left! She's very down to earth and easy to talk to and makes your visit very pleasurable! Everyone should book her next time they choose this salon! YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED!
5 I just got home from my haircut and I have to say the whole experience was great. The staff was friendly and the place is very chic and cool. I made an appointment with Allison and she was very knowledgeable about how do to the cut I wanted. She has magically hands when shampooing hair and she's even better with a razor. She totally brought life back to my hair. I made an appointment to be back in six weeks. Love this place.
5 Megan! Megan! Megan!   My hair is my pride and joy.  I've always considered it my best feature.  In addition to advising me to go lighter and making that happen without the typical brassy orange that I've experienced in the past,  Megan said I should change from my side part to a middle part.  This isn't  something I had ever considered.  She said I would look more youthful.  I can't say enough about how right she was.  I'm thrilled with my new look, as is my fiancé.    Thank you Megan!   I'll be back soon!
5 Georgia is my stylist.  I followed her from her previous location.  Her styles and coloring is top notch.  She is the only stylist to execute exactly what I want.  I wont let anyone style my hair   Location is in a great place in the Art District.  Easy to find & ample parking.
5 Love, love, love. I'm very picky about who I let touch my hair, and have had horror stories (green hair, just bad cuts, hair falling out in clumps) when it comes to my hair but not here.   Allison was AMAZING! Came in for a conditioning treatment & a subtle ombré and she nailed it. My hair has never felt better & looks perfect.   After searching for months, I have finally found my new stylist in Vegas. Yay.
5 This salon is the bees knees. It is right within the arts district. The service is always spot on and I have never received anything but the best haircut ever. Highly recommend to everyone.
5 After tons of research and excellent reviews, I had decided to contact this salon and take a leap of faith that I would find a talented hairstylist.  I was fortunate to receive an appointment with Allison who is an amazing artist who provides phenomenal customer service and an awesome head massage.  I am so pleased with my beautiful cut and color that I will only go to Allison from now on.  The staff at the salon are super friendly; the salon and its decor is clean and stylish.  No attitude here at this salon just a sense of comfort and professionalism without being stuffy.
5 Allison did an amazing job! I haven't been to a salon in almost 8 years because I would always go to Asian salons and they would make fun of my frizzy, curly hair, but everyone at Josephine Skaught were so friendly and down to earth.   I came in for an ombré & cut and as I was waiting, I was handed a cute mason jar with cucumber flavored water. Once I showed Allison the ombré I wanted,  she explained it was too light for me to accomplish in one appointment, so we decided on balayage highlights. Allison walked me through everything she was doing to my hair and answered any questions I had. Great people, good music and an overall amazing experience!
5 Im new to Las Vegas and was endlessly  searching for a salon that met my needs. Im on the journey to going platinum (silver/white) and from my past treatments, was left with damaged, unnatural yellow hair before coming to this salon. As soon as I walked In Lucas at the frint desk greeted me and offered me a beverage.  Such a nice guy. He then Introduced me to my stylist/savior Megan. Lol super sweet girl and did WONDERS TO MY HAIR! Shes so easy to talk to and just really knows her stuff. I came in to get it lightened but with my ends so damaged she was very nice and upfront and suggested if I wanted to keep my length that I only do a toner that day and take home some hair therapy to use and follow up for a 2nd booking next month to achieve my desired look. I agreed because I came in knowing my hair was a mess and needed saving. I let her do her thing and have never been so happy with my hair! After washing, deep conditioning and toning my hair, Megan then gave it a long overdue cut and Amazing style. I let her do ther thing with the style as well and just cannot say enough great things about her. Shes fabulous.  All of the employees are so sweet. They were all refreshing and seemed legitimately happy to be there and got along great with each other. The atmosphere is fun and they have awesome artwork up and are located in a great location with amazing art in the building as well. Very easy going and down to earth people and I just had to give them 5 stars. I will no longer be looking for a salon, I found the perfect place here. Thanks again guys!!!
5 I have been in Las Vegas for 4 years. I have looked high and low to find someone who knows how to cut my hair the way I like it - Georgia. She wins.   I have short, thin hair. I've even gone as far as cutting my own hair on a regular basis.  I was referred to this place - I was told that everyone there is good. And they're right. I look around at all of the stylist and what they're doing when I go to salons. I always see them doing amazing work with everyone there.  They're all super fashionable and they know the latest trends. Perfect for anyone that's not sure of what they want.   Georgia is the pretty lady I go to. She is the nicest and most friendly stylist I've ever gone to. When you walk in the door, they're all super nice and smile at you. Always a plus.  Georgia is so good about listening to what you want and offers suggestions when you're not quite sure. She cuts my hair so perfectly and I always get compliments.  I refer everyone I know to this place! They have very reasonable pricing for everything - it's worth the price you pay.
5 The best all around! Absolutely love my hairdresser Amanda Fuller :) she really knows her stuff...I wanted my hair a certain way and all the other salons in town told me that they couldn't do my hair the way I wanted...and she totally nailed it! She is the best stylist I've ever had!!! Luv her and the salon is amazing and the entire staff :)
5 two words one big name: M-E-G-A-N   T-R-I-V-E-T-T-E i just got home from an exhausting day knowing that i still had to make it to the salon.  In addition to this, I had to go to a new salon that was recommended highly by my friend who referred me.    I've lived here for 8 years and i'm in the process of moving. I had been going to a girl who was good at the time but on the same token losing her consistency in styling/cutting my hair.   As they say change is good, well, let me tell you, change was GREAT!  I can't thank Megan enough for first saving my hair from practically dying of thirst and famished from the dry thick abyss of nothingness (sorry hair), but also from bringing distinctiveness back to my full head of hair.  She gave me a style that some critiques would disapprove, but i knew deep down inside that i liked this particular style for a reason.  Talk about bringing it back to life, and making that sweet sound of "more bounce to the ounce"  ;) Thank you Megan, You rock my head...hee!
5 I came for the first time one week ago. My hair had layers of dark at-home-dye. After the first session, my color didn't seem right to me. Amanda made time to see me right away the next day. While the final hair didn't look exactly like the picture I brought, the final style and color fit my face and coloring perfectly. Better than what I had planned.
5 I came here after having a less-than-stellar experience at a different salon in the area based mostly on Yelp reviews and pics. I was not disappointed!   First, the location was not difficult to find and there was plenty of parking. The front desk staff is super warm, welcoming, and helpful. I was set up with Meghan (I hope I spelled that right!) and she was a dream compared to what I dealt with at the previous salon I mentioned. She totally understood what I was looking for (and I'm usually the client who isn't great at explaining what I want) and fully delivered. I was so happy and pleased with the improvement on my hair after she was done. Also, she wasn't pushy about products (I don't usually care about this but people typically include it in their reviews, so what the hell) - I did walk out with some great stuff, though - can't wait to use it all. She is also a great conversationalist so I was very comfortable the whole time; no dull moments.  Everyone there I came across was really friendly so it was overall a great experience. I would definitely recommend!
5 I'm here right now, getting my hair done by Megan, and this is awesome. The atmosphere is so laid back and I feel so comfortable with all of my hair getting chopped off! I will soooo comeback here. Seriously.   Megan did such an amazing job. Love ya, girl!
5 Seriously the best hair salon experience as a whole! As soon as I walked in I was greeted and offered something to drink and Megan started shortly after on me. I believe Kevin was the one that shampooed my hair which was awesome!   I absolutely LOVE Megan! She was so nice and the hair cut she gave is seriously exactly what I wanted! The products she used smelled super yummy and now my hair feels and looks super amazing, better than it's ever looked!   SOOOO glad I found this spot and I'm definitely coming back!!!
5 Loving my new hair!  Skaught is amazing and I have received many compliments!  From the arrival with the offer of a beverage to make me feel comfortable, to the shampoo and the cut itself.  The experience was wonderful.  I love that Skaught is so into the zone that he felt he needed to explain why he was not so talkative.  I would much rather have the concentration, as his work is artistry and is far more important than a conversation.  I love the revitalization of the Downtown area and it is a pleasure to support businesses that are creating a fun and creative vibe.  So for anyone looking for an amazing stylist I recommend Skaught.
5 I am new to Las Vegas. I was not happy with recent my color and cut, so I went to Yelp and found Josephine Skaught. Allison did my hair today.  She is amazing! She consulted me, asked me questions, made recommendations and was very thorough. She fixed the color and I walked out feeling amazing!
5 Great salon off  the strip - no parking issues and fantastic stylist
5 Megan has been doing my hair for a few years now and always does a fantastic job! She is excellent at blondes and colors. She is skilled beyond her years :) If you are looking for a color expert go to Megan!
5 After another stylist at another salon left my hair about 3 different colors and a red tint to it, I did my research. First I was searching for a salon a yelp that had an overall good rating. That's when Josephine Skaught popped up. And I can see why they have an average of 5 stars. I drove 30 minutes to get here and I will continue! The salon has very neutral tones and awesome local art :) everyone who works there is super nice. They immediately ask if you'd like anything to drink. They even made my coffee with half and half?!? Half and half and not just milk. That's so awesome considering I love my coffee. My stylist was also running late and the staff communicated to me that they were trying to get a hold of her and once they did they said she would be there in 5 minutes. I honestly didn't mind waiting to begin with. I'm a pretty chill person but the communication made it even better rather than just letting me sit there wondering. Thank you! Everything was extraordinary from my wash to even then individual rolled towels in the bathroom rather than just paper towels. Awesome.   Now to the stylist I chose, which was Georgia based on her portfolio. During my consultation she told me step by step what she would do and priced me and was able to book me an appointment two days later. Again, she was a little late but I didn't mind. My appointment was earlier than she usually started so I understood. But again she kept reassuring me throughout the appointment what she was doing and that my hair would no longer be red. She is super sweet and down to earth. When I posted my after pictures to my social media, everyone loved my new hair and wanted to know who did it. I am definitely coming back! I have an appointment in a week for some balayage. I am excited.   Thank you to everyone there who made the experience wonderful and to Georgia for helping my hair!
5 First of all, my mom is a hairdresser, she owns 2 salons in Tahiti (I am from there), so I am probably the most picky client a hairdresser could have !!  I have been looking for a hairdresser since I am living in the US, I finally found Skaught !!!  Alleluia !!! First : this guy is super nice, funny to talk with and friendly ! All the staff is friendly by the way ! Second : Skaught is super efficient ! He's not going to book you if he has some else to take care in the same time, as some hairdressers do, they consider they have time to take care of 2 people on the same time, the consequence is to let you wait with your color on your hair during 2 hours because he has to finish the second client he started just after he applied the color on you (true story) !! THIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN with Skaught !!!! :) Plus, talking about efficient, Skaught is super fast !! I mean, trust me, I tried so much hairdresser, from super expensive (Caesars Palace, MGM Hotel) to cheap ones (the little guy working in freelance for nothing), and sometimes I spent more than 6 hours at the salon just for a coloration !!!!! Skaught took only 3 hours to make my coloration, to put my tape-in extensions, do my haircut, blow dry and curl my hairs !!! I never saw someone as efficient, I never had the feeling my hairdresser forgot me or gave up on me, as I could experience in so much others places ! And third : Skaught is a professional ! Yeah it's not because he's fast that he's gonna do it he wrong way, at the opposite, for the first time I had someone who truly care about my hairs, about what would be the best or not, and gave me real advices ! I am a blond, fake blond, originally a brunette, and all the brunette should know how it's hard to get a beautiful blond !!! Since I do my roots here in the US, I have experienced some orange, yellow, or the full head in platinum, but no one in America never succeed to make my roots correctly, my hair was a mess, and Skaught succeed to bring me back on a beautiful natural beach blond (like the "surf blond"), this is the blond I like !!! And another detail, the last but not least, for the first time in America I had a REAL blow-dry !!!! I mean, my hairs was smooth and soft, and usually hairdressers in America always have to use the flat iron to make it smooth cause they never success just with a blow-dry! (Another true story).   Conclusion : I am going to move in San Diego, and trust me, Skaught is one of the reason I will make the road to Vegas once a month !
