4 I love the fact that they are open from 8am to 9pm daily!  The staff was very friendly and I was able to have a conversation with them.  The rooms are nice but nothing fancy.  They do have an iPad in each room for you to rate your visit on the doctor and staff.  I came in at almost 8pm and could hear the nurse calling in prescriptions for other patients so that they did not have to wait when the arrived at the pharmacy, which I thought was a nice service.  It sounds like they need to come up with a list of pharmacy's in area that have later hours like the Urgent Care. So the patients don't have to figure it out!  I did end up waiting a while after the doc left the room so the reason for taking off one star.    I'll go back!
1 very friendly, quick n efficient, clean n family friendly  I need to update my earlier review be very careful when going here as far as your insurance We now have over $1,000 in medical bills because the urgent cares contracts were not signed at the time of the service when calling their billing dept was advised that the receptionists don't have that information So Be Very Careful before going to these clinics still trying to see what can be done
5 Super clean and beautiful office.  Nurses and front office staff are very friendly. Doc was genuine and caring.  In and out in less than 45 minutes!!!
5 Showed up at this location Sunday night right before closing. So happy to have found a place open till 9pm or else I would've ended up at the ER. Very quick tool me in as soon as I finished my paperwork. Waited 15 min to see a dr but didn't mind as I could hear how caring she was towards other patients   She kept making sure everyone was ok. Took care of me and my infected toe and they even helped me help a pharmacy open near by. Will definitely come back here if I get sick!
1 The front office and nurse were very kind, and it was a clean facility.  However, being an uninsured patient, the doctor was trying to run a number of unnecessary tests that I could not afford.  She was extremely aggressive (poor "bedside" manner) and treated me poorly, insulting me.  It was a very uncomfortable experience.  As convenient as it is, I will not be returning for future medical help.
5 Went in for a hurt ankle. They were very fast and friendly. They x-rayed it and we were out in less than an hour.
5 I was treated with the utmost respect and kindness.  The entire staff is wonderful.  the entire place is so clean and quite beautiful.  I love the decor throughout.  The doctor was extremely helpful and went out of his way to explain what they did, why and treatment for my injury.  The front office nurse was so sweet and very helpful.  doctor's assistant was super.  I couldn't believe how quickly I got in to the doctor.  Other places I have been had waits of up to 4 hours.  Amazing place.  I highly recommend it.
5 Went in tonight after hubby smashed his finger.  37 mins later we were back home!  Doctor exam, xrays, confirm it was broken, splint, and hasta la bye bye.  Loved it!
5 I have nothing bad to say. The staff - Stephanie, Jeff, and Todd, the PA - were friendly, helpful, and professional. They listened to my issues, gave me some great advice for a new medication and filled the prescription on the spot. They also followed-up with a phone call a couple of days later to see how I was doing. Hope I don't have to go back, but if I do, it will be here.
5 friendly staff, fast service and welcoming office. the only positive thing about getting sick is knowing that i can go to such a great place for care.
4 Came here for my son's sports physical.  It was last minute.  I will tell you know why I liked this place and it is because of convenience and service.  Cannot best this.   Convenience - Very easily located to where I leave on Eastern and Horizon Ridge.  Easy parking, well lit, well signed.  Just a great location and in the right area.  Service - The staff here is absolutely amazing. I was paying for a sports physical, and this is a short one, however, this is a great example of service in the medical industry where most people are treated like second class citizens and with very long waits.  Pricing - Very reasonable, they accept most insurance and they also charge you for certain things.  The sports physically was very reasonably priced and I paid this as I did not go through insurance.  Wait Time - We were in and out in about 55 minutes total.  Now I must admit, I thought we would be in and out in 15 minutes as it was not busy.  However, the wait room went from two people to ten quickly and they do see people based on the issue.  GK says, if you want some urgent convenience and service, check this place out!
1 Received an incorrect diagnosis which lead to extended grief for my 4 year old daughter. Then called back to get her weight from them as she went through much pain to get weighed and they said it was not on their record. Won't go here again.
4 The decor is nice and welcoming. They played some old school music videos that were mostly of country artist I never heard of. LoL The staff is quick and pretty friendly. I waited a little over an hour but I think its only because there is only one doctor today and it was my first time here.  The doctor who saw me is extremely kind! He showed passion and concern. He went into detail about what the problem may or may not be. Made recommendations as well as into making sure that I was feeling OK. And told me what to do and what to watch for as the day progressed. I definitely will be coming back for exams. And check ups.
5 I am so happy with my visit last night. Wait was a little long, but they seemed really busy and it was shorter than the hospital ER. The staff were really nice and helpful. I saw a P A, Todd Radivan. He was very nice and not rushed! Came in with a really bad sore throat which turned out to be strep. He gave me meds which only cost $15 each, cheaper than my insurance and I was on my way. They are my new emergency doctor!
4 Visited today and they were great. Decor and waiting room is comfortable and they are very attentive. Took my insurance and were very swift. I was intimidated walking in when I saw 10+ people waiting but only took them 25 mins to see me. I hope I don't need to go back for obvious reasons but will if I am in a pinch.
1 Before coming here we called and were told 20 to 30 min wait however we are being seen 90 min from the time we got here
5 Found this facility on Yelp. Really glad we came in. Service was super fast, really friendly staff, they accepted and verified our insurance and the clinic is beautifully decorated. I will definitely come back and would highly recommend.
5 Very nice staff, clean and inviting!! They are so friendly, quick, and helpful. I will definitely come here when I need to, and I appreciate the care and attitude of the entire staff.
1 Disappointed!!!! My daughter and I went today for the weight loss program. You can only go certain days for this doc as he is the only one who can give the pills. Well after an hour and a half they came in her room and said well the doc left can you come back later or tomorrow, well she was already late for work so she has to go all the way back to their office. They didn't even offer any compensation what so ever for their POOR customer service!!!! You should be ashamed of yourself Urgent Care Extra!!!!!
4 I come here because I appreciate the fast friendly service when I just have a cold that tea and soup can't fix. The Dr's have great bedside manner and the center is always clean. It's a bright, friendly enviornment and they are open late so I don't have to take off of work to see a Dr.   The front desk will let U know if there is a long wait due to alot of people waiting or if there is someone in the back getting something serious like stitches done.   The Dr's are thorough and they keep great records so they'll remember what you were in for the last visit. They have a pharmacy and all prescriptions are affordable at $15 each.
5 They are very thorough , professional and caring here. I have visited several times with my son, and daughter . I recently had a sinus infection and seasonal asthma . They were wonderful . They do BSA and Sports physicals as well.
1 Came here yesterday 4/23 at about 1pm. Terrible experience. Second time here. Same doc. Same terrible experience. Waited a couple hours in the waiting room before being brought back to the patient room and waited another hour and 15 mins there!! I fell asleep and woke up when the doc came in they took so long. No apology for the wait- Nothing. I had been breaking out all over my body in red spots and the doc couldn't explain to me what was happening and didn't seem to care to figure it out. He couldn't wait to get out of the room. His hand was LITERALLY on the door knob almost the entire time as I'm asking questions. The entire visit lasted MAYBE one minute. He kept saying well I think it's.., it seems like maybe it's... never positive about one or the other. Seemed like he just randomly decided on one cause.Really doc?? I got better service and attention from the male nurse that took my blood pressure. Never coming here again. Made an appointment with my REAL doctor for a REAL consultation today. Fool me once same on you, fool me twice same on me:/ Shame because the office is really well decorated and all other personnel are very friendly.
1 Toooo hot! I think you will be more sick by coming here :/ they need to turn up the AC!!!! It's summer time!!!!!
1 One of the most interesting visits I have ever had to a quick care.  I waited for several hours to finally be seen & it was a Physician Assistant who came in and spent maybe 30 seconds with me.  He asked what was going on and started to lecture me on sudafed???  Really, wait over 2 hours to see a PA to talk to me about over the counter medication.  I could have talked to any pharmacist for free to get the same advise and taken leas time.  This was a joke of a place & a joke of a visit.  I told him I would prefer antibiotics to which he said fine, NEVER examined me at all???  Did not listen to my lungs, did not check my ears, throat nothing???  Why did he go to medical school???    This is what medical care has come to??  I will NEVER give this place my business again.  There are real doctors in other quick care places that will take the time to examine you and discuss health care possibilities with you.  This was a waste of my time & my insurance.
3 So nobody likes going to urgent care, especially me. But taking a 19-month-old baby to urgent care is never pleasant experience. But I did it anyway because my son woke up with green goo dripping from his eyes. Needless to say I called they excepted my insurance and there was no wait time. So it started off pleasant. I arrive and the office is clean and smells fresh! That's always a plus. I give the receptionist all my sons info and I get places in an exam room instantly!  Sooo far so good.  The nurse takes my sons temp and history and then within 5 minutes the FNA?¿ comes In.. What is that title? Is that a doctor? Is that a nurse practitioner? I have no clue! He asks about my son current fever which I clearly put in the history that has not had four days. When I politely correct him and say that he's presenting complaint is not the kind of gave me a dirty and condescending look. I wasn't too happy. We proceeded to go over my son history of allergies as well as atopic dermatitis and eczema. So far other than the rude comments and bad luck this is going as if it's a normal office visit. Then we start getting to the nitty-gritty. The doctor or Fna (whatever that is)asks about his vaccine history.  I Explain I have chosen not to vaccinate him right away because of his allergies and he's not around any other children at the moment. Holy battle of Jericho! (Insert trumpet sounds here and war drums.) The (whatever the gentleman was) said " is he here?! Is he out of the house!" I kindly look at him and I smile and say yes he is I'll vaccinate him later. A little background on me I've been in the veterinary medical business for over 10 years. iPhone three hospitals and currently own other animal business real related. I know about vaccines and I know about immune response and I also know that it's not a good idea to vaccinate a baby who has an exorbitant amount of allergies. At that point he continues with the exam, is very direct but nice and tells me the diagnosis. He gives me meds and I leave. It wasn't horrible and it wasn't great. He seemed to be a good doctor but too direct and abrubdt. He needs and be a little more personable . But I'll go back if I have to.   As far as price, they except my insurance so I can't complain. And the staff was great.
5 The staff was very friendly and helpful.  I was in and out in about an hour.  I got my prescription (needed antibiotics) no problem and I was feeling better within 24 hours.  Great service!
5 First time here and was pleasantly surprised. Showed up at 8am and they got me right in. Reception was welcoming, nurse listened to me, doc spent a good amount of time with me, Rx filled onsite. Great experience. Doc was Todd Radivan.
