5 My wife and I have been going to Will's before he opened up his own gym and we think he should have opened one up a long time ago.  He truly cares about his clients and seeing us succeed.  My wife and I have seen tremendous change in our bodies and we couldn't imagine doing it without him.  He has a higher standard for our well being and he knows how to push us and have fun at the same time.  He and his business partner opened up this gym and designed it with equipment and group sessions that are fun and effective.  I love how clean and "boutiquie" the workout environment is.  It makes training there even more enjoyable.
5 I can't say enough about this business! Will is an incredible fitness instructor and has changed my life forever. I have lost 19 pounds in 3 months and 11 inches. He has taught me how to live a healthier lifestyle and encourages me to be disciplined so that I continue on this path. I have never felt stronger or healthier and I owe it all to Will!! I would encourage anyone to call him and give the fitness center a try  You wont be disappointed.
5 I now have lost 29 pounds since April working with Will!! He is an amazing trainer and has taught me great lessons regarding healthy living. Thanks Will!! I would recommend him to anyone
5 I never been much of a fitness enthusiast, but I have to admit this place has transformed my life. I think what makes this place different is that the workouts are always changing, and never boring. No hamster workouts here!  Also, it's important to point out that it's not just about exercise. Will is an expert on nutrition and helps put together a total package of both exercise and diet. I think it's this combined effort to control food intake and metabolism that leads to such good results.  It's your first time here, I highly recommend you try the Groupon that is offered. It may be a big decision to sign-up and go on a regular basis, but I think when you consider the long-term benefits to your health, it's well worth it.
