1 This place is a terrible excuse for a medical practice. Took my son here a few times because it was close to my house and it was very clean and nice looking inside. The first time I went the doctor barely spent anytime with us and walked into the room wearing house slippers.... Red flag!! Nevertheless we went back a few months later bc my son was I'll again. This time the doctor who saw us wasn't actually a doctor but a pa instead. We thought my son had strep throat he looked at him for two seconds and said he would prescribe him antibiotics. I asked well does he have strep throat? The pa said I don't know and prescribed antibiotics anyway..... Pretty sure you are supposed to swab his throat and test it. When I questioned him about this he replied with a rude and snarky comment. We will never return here again. Nice exterior but inside the staff has no clue what's going on, from the front desk receptionist constantly playing on her phone, to the tatted up nurses, to the doctors and pa's with a bad bedside manner. We will not return and neither should you.
5 So far so good. Quiet, clean, fast. My wife is here for a painful foot. Staff was friendly, doctor was quick, friendly, and able to take x-rays right away. The best part was that pain medication was available from the location rather than having to find a 24-hour pharmacy.
5 I have been here twice, and on both occasions so impressed at the quality of service by the staff.  After my first visit, I received a follow-up phone call, asking how I was feeling and how I was doing. I was asked to come in for a follow-up, and so I returned for a second visit. Although the doctor I saw the second time was different from the first, she was very warm and friendly. I was happy with the service I received in person, but the follow-up calls really impressed me. I totally recommend this place to anyone!!!
4 Excellent Place!!! Very inviting atmosphere. Felt like I was in a spa or boutique. Didn't have that hospital boring feel like UMC Urgent Care. I was checked in immediately and taken care by friendly and caring staff. My son has a minor cut that required stitches. Nice Dr. and very good !!! I was pleased with the process which I have waited elsewhere for 4-5 hours. Thank you. Highly recommend for your urgent care needs.
5 I went in after falling and hurting my hand and wrist.  I was treated so kindly by the front desk and especially the nurse and doctor.  I wouldn't hesitate returning if I have another emergency.  I have gone to Urgent Care Centers in Southern California, Washington and Oregon.  Believe me when I say this place puts all of those others to shame.
1 Long wait just to get an antibiotics for strip throat wait was from 8:15am -11 am  and wasn't that busy. Im on the room and i cant hear them chatting, there is no sense of urgency what's so ever! Nurses there are not friendly,  One particular nurse (african American long hair) is really rude has an attitude problem, was talking to me like I was a little girl which was so uncalled for. Especially that She wasn't even the nurse who was helping me! She just butt in for no reason! Place is horrible I won't go there again nor recommend it recommend it to anyone. I'll look for another place.
1 I just left this place and I'm in tears.  I went for back pain that I'd had for about 3 months. I mentioned an UTI that I'd had recently and the entire conversation I had with the doctor (Angelita Tan-Torres) was about the UTI and not the pain I was actually there for. She seemed like she didn't even want to sit down to hear anything I had to say. Her pen was erect and ready to write a prescription as soon as she walked in the room. She sent me away with antibiotics for a condition that she thinks I MAY have. (??)  After asking the nurse if the antibiotics were going to help me with my pain, the nurse went into the hallway to ask if she could give me something for my pain she told her 'NO!', as if my pain meant nothing to her. The nurse came in to tell me I wasn't going to be given anything (no Tylenol, no Ibuprofen, NOTHING) the Dr. called her back and told her to give me a shot for the pain. Other than that they were sending off my urine sample and I needed to follow up elsewhere. I asked how long the shot would help my pain, the nurse told me apprx. 12 hours. I asked what was I supposed to do when the pain come back, and I was told to come back tomorrow if it came back.  It is QUITE UNLIKELY that I'd ever come back to this place!  BTW, The shot did NOT work and I am STILL in pain. I'm too scared to go somewhere else, because even if I was given something for the pain, I wouldn't know if the interaction between the two would effect me poorly because they neglected to even tell me WHAT THE SHOT WAS!  I'm so disappointment, and saddened that someone would take such a important role and misuse it this way.
5 Very nice urgent care. I got In relatively fast after filing out a couple items of paperwork. They have a cash option if you don't have insurance. The doctor listened to my concerns. They have X-rays on site and are able to read them on site which is very convenient. Got my pain shot and rx and on my way. Great place.
1 Awful experience.   1. Slow registration process. Really slow.  2. The TV was on some weird channel that repeated the same commercials and weather report every 5 minutes. 3. After waiting for an hour in the waiting room, I left after finding out there was only one "provider" (the receptionist is very, very careful to always say "provider" and never say "doctor") working...and that he or she was not a medical doctor.
5 My second time here. The first time I was in and out 30 min. Love the decor. Very warm feeling. Not your normal urgent care. This visit it took an hr but that's still not bad, considering wait time in lobby and seeing dr. I've waited other places and waited 2 hrs before even seeing the dr. The dr that saw me today was Mark Stevens. Very nice. And seemed concerned.  Glad I found this urgent care. I actually like it better than my regular dr office and dr. Lol
1 This place is a total joke. I came in and told them I've been vomiting for 3 days and now had a terrible headache, to which the genius doctor told me that I was dehydrated. ya think??? At that point they didn't even give me a bag of fluids. Instead, I was sent home a couple prescriptions all of which were given to me without any sort of diagnostic screening. Even though this is literally across the street light from my apartment, I don't think I would come back here if my life depended on it.
