4 Wonderful place!  We love mussels and four variations available though on two visits we had mussels with pastis both times. Salads good and dessert good. Pâté de campagne was great on one visit. Escargot great on another visit. Service good both visits which is important. We haven't tried an entree yet but those around us seemed to like theirs.
5 We are fortunate to live just a couple moments away, but now that I have experienced it I would gladly drive across town for the food. My wife and I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for a glass of wine and we hoped some small bites of appetizers. The kitchen hadn't opened yet but we decided to enjoy our wine at the bar and learn about the place. After a few moments, there are some wonderful olives that the chef brought out to us.  We asked for some bread and then the owner sat at a chair and we had a wonderful hour. We made reservations to come back on Monday night for dinner.  We are so glad that we did.  The salad was superb.  My wife got the mussels in an excellent wine sauce. The garlic butter for the bread was just as appealing as it had been on Saturday.  I ordered Steak Poivre, one of my favorites and truly one of the tenderest and most flavorful steaks I have eaten.  My wife had the rack of lamb.  Charred perfectly, tender and the bite she was willing to share with me was incredible.  I agree with one of the earlier reviewers, you may be lucky to get a reservation in this place in three months.  Go now.
5 Love, love, love!!! Breakfast is the best I have ever had at a restaurant and eating dinner here makes me feel like I am back in France....I have not been for lunch (YET!) I can't wait to take my family and friends here! We happened to stumble in one morning looking for the restaurant that used to be there and what a surprise.  I had the crab cake omelet with their version of breakfast potatoes (which I couldn't stop eating) and a croissant with Nutella.   Any restaurant that serves Nutella is an A+ in my book :) We then went for dinner on NYE and had escargot, endive salad, roasted chicken and champaign.  AMAZING!
5 Excellent mussels.  The escargots were exquisite and the crepes were a good way to end it all.  Lids enjoyed it too !!  Tres francais !!
4 Not quite as happy as some of the other reviewers here but I will be back.  Service was a bit slow, took quite a while to get our drink orders.  The bread and dip is fabulous and tempting to fill up on it.  I thought the salmon tartar was fairly dull, it was labeled "spicy" but it wasn't.  My shrimp dish was ver flavorfull but the shrimp were overcooked and tough.  My spouse liked his duck dish a lot. Other diners liked the eggplant tart and anchovy pastry a lot as well.  The beet salad was sort of ordinary as were the fries.  All in all though, there were a lot of interesting menu selections and we'll try it again in the near future.  I was sorry to see Dragonfly go but really glad this is here.  I really like to support small restaurants with local owners vs chains.  Update:  Went back yesterday a litle after 7:30 and was told they were out of bread and dip!  How can you run out of bread?  It is like running out of water, sort of..... So we left.  Went to Marco's instead.
5 Voila is the creme de la creme! Located in the space formerly occupied by the Dragonfly Cafe, Voila is a neighborhood gem and bound to become a must-go restaurant once the word spreads. My friend and I arrived at 11 am on a weekday to find the doors locked, but the lovely woman inside explained that the web site was incorrect (they are going to fix it) and that if we didn't mind waiting until 11:30 when the kitchen opened, she would gladly seat us and get us something to drink.  Holey Moley! The coffee was divine! And it was brought with real cream in a creamer! What a treat! We were off to a great start!  The menu was chock full of choices as well as the blackboard that lists specials, soup and mussels. My dining companion and I had a difficult time deciding what to order . . . I could have ordered at least a dozen items.  We agreed to share the eggplant tart as an hors d'oeuvre. The puff pastry was so delicate, abundantly filled with eggplant, spinach and mozzerella and lightly topped with tomato sauce.  Heavenly! It was large enough to have as an entree for one!  Both of us were drawn to the mac and cheese with crawfish and the grilled brie sandwich, but we both opted for the mac (one with crawfish, one without as my dining companion is allergic).  What came to our table was two huge dishes of creamy, lightly browned mac and cheese, enough for at least four people! They do not skimp on anything here! Let me say that other than a mac and cheese that I once had at BItrot d'a Cote in Paris, this was hands down the best I have ever had . . . the perfect amount of cheese to pasta, the ideal amount of chunks of crawfish . . . each forkful so heavenly. But after five sumptuous bites, I had to put my fork down and have it packed to go . . . I shared it with a couple of friends that I visited on my way home and saved just enough to bring home to my hubby, who savored each bite and said we have to go back for dinner . . . ASAP!  While my friend and I lingered over the coffee, we couldn't help but notice that the restaurant was starting to fill up around 12:15 pm. One couple who came in said their favorite table was already occupied . . . by us!!!  We watched as heaping bowls of mussels  were delivered to almost every table around us. I can't wait to try them!  Our server (the woman who graciously opened for us) was attentive and friendly, and the kitchen staged the plating perfectly. And although the small dining room was getting very busy, we were not rushed at all.  What a delightful experience! I can't wait to go back for any meal, although I am very interested in their weekend breakfast (my favorite meal)! Voila . . . aptly named for this restaurant that just appeared by magic!
4 Their blue cheese mussels are outstanding.  The tomato soup was so-so.  I'd like to come back for dinner and check out their specials and have a bottle of wine.
4 Yelp informed me of this new bistro opening up so I filed it away to try. Luckily, my husband and I were able to go for lunch recently and were pleasantly surprised. The restaurant is tucked away in this overly large plaza filled with an AJ's and other restaurants. The outside isn't much, but the inside is cute and seems spacious. There were few patrons when we first arrived, but as the lunch hour continued it filled up rather quickly. However, we were the youngest people here! Even the wait staff was at least 20 years older than us.   Our waiter was nice and explained the day's specials. I order the French Onion Soup and the Quiche of the day. (Mushrooms and spinach - yum!) My husband ordered the steak but was informed they were out, so he switched to pork. My soup came up first and it was delicious. The cheese on top was super hot and still bubbling - fresh from the oven. Both of us really enjoyed the soup - one of the best French Onion soups we've had. After finishing the soup, our entrees came. My quiche came with a small side salad which had a really good house dressing. The quiche was also silky and flavorful. I don't normally enjoy crust, but this crust was rather good. My husband was surprised when instead of pork, his original order of steak come out! It wasn't cooked medium-rare, as he had ordered, but the flavor was still good.   Overall, it was a good experience. It took a little longer for our food to arrive than we had expected, but everything was tasty. We'd like to come back and try some more items!
4 An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.  The space is perfect for the bistro concept.  George's traditional French preparations are offered - but there is also a tapas menu and an excellent selection of mussel preparations.  Happy hour is 4:00 to 6:00 pm Monday thru Friday.  Reservations are definitely recommended for the weekend.  While Voila has only been open for four months, the good newes has spread.  BTW - I only rate the cost at $$ - very reasonably priced for the value.
5 We had a wonderful dining experience at Voila.  It started with our hostess, who was very friendly and accommodating. We chose to sit on the outdoor patio and had a wonderful table that was tucked away. The bread and dip are excellent! Took a lot of willpower on my part to not have too much. I had the Grilled Salman which was cooked to perfection! Presentation was lovely.  Our server was attentive but not overbearing.  He even brought us complimentary coffee after our meal. If you are looking for somewhere with great service from start to finish and high quality thoughtfully prepared food Voila is the place for you!
4 Was there  yesterday,April 14 , dinner was delightful,George was helpful with drink and dinner, see you soon jack and Paula
1 The owner is extremely rude and yelled at my wife and kids as they were leaving Goldie's next door saying they were being too loud.  I've seen him him complain several other times about kids being in that shopping center.  I will never eat at Voila because of the owner's poor behavior and the way he treated my wife and kids.
5 I love this place!  The food and the people are great.  My favorites are the mussels and Sunday brunch, but everything I've had there has been top-notch.  Owner George is a doll and Paris and Stephan at the bar are fantastic.  Great happy hour deals too!
1 Bruschetta bread came out hard as a rock, asked for another and it was much better, thanks.  Also ordered the scallops that weren't anywhere near the quality of our first visit a couple if months ago.  Main course:  ordered salmon and it was raw.  I like my fish a little bit undercooked but again, it was raw. Asked to have it sent back and by this point it was our second dish sent back so we were beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable with our experience.  The waitress said that most people like it like that...just take it back will you?  It came back out 5 min later cooked, but by that point we were very turned off.    The $30 bottle of wine ($7 at total wine) we got was very good but we had to sit and wait 15 minutes with glasses empty for a refill.  We live right next door and we will NOT go back.  Edit: oh AND we went there specifically for mussels but they were out of all mussels on this Sunday night.
1 Way too heavy on seafood for the desert in the summer.  Where is the light summer fare? And conversely- where is the cheese plate?  Not a very approachable menu for newcomers to French cuisine- and service leaving a lot to be desired.  Staff was not able to begin to point us in the direction of the best things on the menu- but perhaps they don't eat there (they certainly didn't seem to.) I guess we will have to wait for this place to fail so that something like former tenants of that space can satisfy. R.i.p. dragonfly .
1 Food: -Ham/brie/tomato was just okay, I mean, it's exactly how it sounds, good salad on the side -Sweet potato fries were not made in house and were pretty much burnt -Crawfish mac and cheese was bland, texture of the macaroni was too mushy, only positive (depending on who you ask) was that it was a huge ass portion  Service, omg so fail: -One waitress running the small restaurant, didn't seem to know the menu at all, had no idea what gluten free meant, unable to give any recommendations, brought my friend and I both the wrong things, wtf  Aside from the small diversity my friend and I brought to the restaurant, the place was strangely filled with all old white women. Did we eat at a retirement community instead? That'd explain the (lack of) service and food quality.
5 The ham and Brie sandwich was awesome!  If you go, be sure to meet George, he's fantastic!
3 The first two times I went here the food was amazing!  However, I went back and while the service was great--Paris is awesome--the food was just ok!  I'm going to give it one more chance because Paris is an awesome bartender!  The owner, George, is a Hoot!
4 Definitely an older, locals hangout, but they truly welcomed us and made us feel at home.  The bartender was great...had many of the same interests, so talked about food for over an hour.  Great, neighborhood place to enjoy a bite to eat and a nicely selected glass of wine.
4 We came in for restaurant week, and will be back. The menu was excellent and service warm and friendly. Yeah, a bit heavy on the white hair crowd, but that is just fine with me. I am there to enjoy a great meal.
5 This remains a great place. Last visit we sat outside and discovered the disadvantage of outdoor seating by the sports bar next door. It was a beautiful evening. As usual, my wife had the mussels pastis avec pommes frites. I branched out and had a very nice pasta with escargot. I had a small house salad but it wasn't small.  We had an excellent Pouilly Fuisse. The wine list is more reliable though we have always found something good.  Although I always talk about the mussels there is a very good menu of salads and main courses. There are interesting tapas. A high point was the night I shared bouillabaisse.  You can't get through it alone. Service has always been good.  Last visit it was outstanding: humorous, knowledgable and efficient.  We are glad it is near our place in Scottsdale as we plan to keep dining here.
5 Probably the best mussels I have EVER had...sheer perfection! They offer 4 different choices of preparation...I chose the white wine/garlic.  Their bread and dip was over the top yummy too! I will be back!
5 A friend of mine, she is French but lives here in Scottsdale, took me to this genuine French restaurant. I had the Quiche du jour and it was heavenly good! So happy to have found this place since I really have missed good food. I will be coming back a lot!
3 I wanted to really like this place, but there were a few things that kept me from loving it.  My friend and I found this place through yelp, and were specifically looking for a happy hour place. Outside Voila's front door there was a sign that said that they had happy hour specials from 4pm-6pm, and we arrived at 4:15pm and found that their front door was locked.  Hmph.  We were peering into the restaurant when an employee of the restaurant came up from behind us and told us that the restaurant doesn't open until 5pm.  He then offered to let us in so we could wait around for 45 minutes for the servers to arrive??  We politely declined this bizarre offer and decided to go to Goldie's next door.  At 5pm we returned, and ended up ordering two glasses of house red and a large moules frites to share.  The food was delicious, and the wine was very tasty.
3 Nice ambiance and great Service. Two of our party of four had veal that was chewy, chewy. (The wonderful sauce was not able to make up for the poor veal.) Pepper steak and lamb shank were excellent. A high price to pay for two so/so meals.
4 What a cute, quaint little place. It is located in the DC Ranch area, tucked away in the shopping plaza. If you blink you will miss it because it really is tucked away. The set up is really nice, tight but nice. I was here for lunch so I can imagine how romantic it may be for dinner. The food was delicious. We had some of the best calamari I have had in a long time and my coworkers raved over the french onion soup. I ordered the brie, ham, pesto and tomato sandwich (hold the tomato) it was was melty, cheesy, goodness. I was so full from all the calamari that sadly I couldn't finish it all but I did take it home and it was even good cold. All in all a cute place that I look forward to trying again for dinner.
5 Everything we tried was amazing! Mussels, Brie and ham sandwich, crawfish Mac and cheese.  Back for brunch a few days later and it was great too!  Mussels are definitely my favorite!!  Dog friendly patio, too!
5 This place is such a gem! We came here on a whim while staying in the area, and were more than pleased. The mussels were ah-mazing, and the trout was too! The service was personal and attentive, Paul was a great waiter! Prices really weren't that much higher than your average Italian or upscale bar and grill. Make this a must if you're in the mood for wine and a classy meal.
5 If you want a wonderful outdoor ambiance and great food this is the place! Try the Sole...delicious !
5 I went here with a friend last Friday evening. We specifically went to enjoy mussels and a glass of wine. I had modest expectations before going there... I sat at the small bar - charming! I was greeted by Paul who helped me pick a glass of wine. I always prefer a Cabernet. Oddly they were out of Cabernet...but as it turned out, Paul was helpful in leading me to a 2/3rds Merlot blend which I would never have tried otherwise - being a Cabernet drinker.   The wine was lovely. I actually had 2 glasses, as did my date. We shared the large mussels appetizer with tomatoes, saffron and garlic. Fabulous; we enjoyed every last one. There was a generous portion, with ho-hum bread made delicious by dredging it in the mussels sauce.  The pommes frites were fabulous.   The restaurant is small, charming, not pretentious. Its tucked in a corner and you have to look for it.  Later in the evening, we spoke later with ( I think) the owner - who is also the chef. French, funny and he enjoys his own cooking for sure...  No hesitation I would go back again. Great intimate charming place.
5 I LOVE their bread and aioli sauce!! I've had many food items from their menu..and I still can't decide which one I love best.
5 I almost hate to let the world know about this hidden Scottsdale gem as I was getting used to there being only 5 or 6 tables full on my visits but this place is a DO NOT MISS. They have 4 different mussel preparations on the appetizer menu. Love the PASTIS (with it's subtle anise flavor). Mussels are outrageously plump and the bread is great for dipping. Meals range from filet mignon and rack of lamb to trout, salmon, sole, scallops and spaghetti.  Something for everyone.  Wine selection a bit limited but very good choices nonetheless. You need to visit Voila - you will want to return many times.
