3 Great food and good drinks Is Very Unorganised! Staff is unhelpful!!!
3 This event was fun but crazy with how many people attended. The class registration queues seemed unorganised and long, and we weren't told when we came that we had to book for the classes which was frustrating to say the least! The classes we went to were informative and fun, especially the one by Iggy from Iggs restaurant. Although he was great, the event staff weren't very friendly and were not organised about or receptive to giving out samples of these top chefs' work. They did let us sample the great seafood dish from Iggs but with the chef from Hotel Missoni they let some people sample the pumpkin rissoto (understandable that they were concerned about allowing samples for the fish) but then took the rissoto dish away and tisked those of us still waiting for samples. I wasn't very impressed by the staff.   Considering this was a paid event, most of the stalls in the main event exhibition hall were a bit stingy in selling food and not giving very many samples, which was a bit sad. They also didn't have that good deals in selling their things. The Edinburgh Gin was apparently reduced down to £17 for a mid-sized bottle, but a quick google search shows that is the same price that Royal Mile Whiskies sells it for. Oh well.   Overall the event was ok but you needed to brace yourself for crowds and long queues!
4 Well I really enjoyed the Foodies Festival. We got there about 11.30 and it wasnt too busy, thankfully we decided not to go on the Saturday as I had heard it was mega busy and unorganised, however we went Sunday It was busy but not anything we couldnt cope with.  We managed to get around all the stalls and sample all the yummy produce on show!  We scoffed a Malteiser cake - that my boyfriend could only describe as 'epic' from Mimi's Bakery..it lasted 5 seconds! Nom nom nom  We tasted Gin, Whiskey, Prosecco, Ginger Beer, German Beer........ Nice...Ohhh and we had a coconut and Rum in a coconut and when we had finished he cut the coconut open so we could eat the inside - tasty!. I ate Salmon, sausages, Salami, yummy chocolate and hot chocolate from The fabulous Chocolate Tree. Then we wandered over to the Yelp stall to speak to lovely Katie , she was doing a right grand job and was smiling away :) I bought some Hot and Spicy pepper Caviar and we ate that later with some nice bread and Balsamic Vinegar ! Oh the life :) We didnt stay for any of the Masterclasses as the queues were getting larger at that point and the goodie bag we got had two butter biscuits and 2 pieces of shortbread between the two of us, which i thought wasnt much given all the produce on show.   Luckily we got our tickets via Itison for £13 for 2, and it was definatley worth it, maybe not full price, but it really was a treat and a good way of spending a few hours :) I just wish id bought more!
2 We've been to Foodies Festivals before, but this was the first we'd been to at the EICC. Unfortunately, we went on Saturday, and it was beyond crowded and verging on dangerous. They should have allowed much more space between stands to reduce the crush, making grazing more pleasurable, and rendering it safe for pushchairs and wheelchairs.   While there was little knew in terms of exhibitors, the quality was high and the samples good. The Extraordinary Sausage Company, in particular, was doing a roaring trade throughout the day, with some excellent produce; I recommend their sausages with Scotch Bonnet peppers. Unfortunately, the crowds they generated added to the crush.   A good time, then, but disappointingly badly organised.
3 Living social customer care has come up trumps and credited my account.  They have some great deals just take note of mismatch in booking and expiry dates so you don't get caught out  Enjoy
