5 Come on over to Furama Nails where our Grand Opening special throughout the end of December is 40% off any service. Take advantage of this offer to come in and meet Tony, Diane and there team of nail specialists. You wont be disappointed.
5 This is my new favorite nail salon! Stopped in for a manicure and pedicure and was very pleased with the service. Everything is new and clean and the environment is comfortably decorated. Large selection of nail polishes including OPI. The staff is excellent and very kind. I opted for a gel manicure. They have many colors to choose from and my manicure still looks great a week later. They are offering 40% off any service through the end of December as a grand opening special. You may want to consider scheduling an appointment or going during non-peak hours as the staff size is smaller.
5 loved it! I am very happy with this nail salon. Short wait. Great manicure & pedicure, extremely reasonable prices.
5 So my usual nail technician moved to California!!!  NOOOOOO!!!!  Has my world collapsed?!?!  Fear not, Furama Nails is just down the road and is FANTASTIC!   It's in the same shopping strip as the Safelite call center and has plenty of parking.   I walked in with no appointment on a Monday afternoon and was immediately taken care of (no surprise there).  The interior is beautiful and clean.  I got a basic mani just to test the waters with it being my first new nail place in 5 years.  They were very gentle with my unruly cuticles, no bleeding.  The hand massage was a tad short, but maybe I was just spoiled with my previous tech.  My nails looked fantastic for the week, no chipping, my nails didn't dry out or tear.  I will definitely be back for a pedi and gel mani.  They also have a rewards card for each time you go.  Can't remember the details, but a discount for loyalty is something I will always take advantage of.
4 Really liked this place! Everyone was super nice, the prices are reasonable and the massage was awesome. Will definitely be going back!
5 Excellent pedicure.  Great massage.  Loved it!
5 Excellent service. The staff is very friendly. super clean too! The $35 furama pedicure is worth it. It includes callus removal, sugar scrub and hot stone massage. amazing. The normal pedicure can be $15 (express) or $20 (basic) Big fan of this place.
5 Great technicians! Close to my apartment. It's clean and employees are friendly.
5 Definitely one of the best pedicures I've got in a while! Massage was great and they did a nice job overall, good prices. Very clean and warm place. Next time in in the area ill definitely come back.
4 I really like the pedicure at Furama, and they're the only salon I let put glitter polish on my piggies.  Sometimes their state of the art massage chairs alternate between goosing and squeezing my bum.  Sometimes, when you order the callous removal, they grate a hole in your foot with that cheese grating tool, and sometimes they don't... but the pedicure is so good you'll be back.  Their tagline should be: Furama Nails - So good, you wont care when we cheese-grate a hole into your foot.
5 Clean, well priced and the team of professionals are kind! They remember me each time I come! I strongly recommend this nail salon! I have also had my eye brows waxed and I would recommend that too! They are my favorite!!
5 Nice Salon. Staff is professional and courteous.  Salon is clean with warm decor  Large selection of gel colors. Furama pedicure is the best!!!   Opted for shellac mani, glad I did.
5 I found this place on yelp today and thought I'd give it a try. I was just looking to get a nice gel manicure. The staff was very friendly and the salon was very clean. They had a HUGE selection of gel colors to choose from. Also, they open a brand new package of nail utensils for each customer. I will definitely be back! I'm excited to start getting my nails done more often:) (PS-I wrote this review on my husband's acct)
5 Came here on a whim, loved Brett B's review so I decided to try this place out! They did a great job! My nails came out perfect and they have a ton of gel nail colors to chose from! Great prices, wish they were closer! But definitely worth the drive!  Also you get a punch card, 10 mani's and you get a free one! Woohoo! Glad I went here, very friendly staff, and I was in and out before I knew it! Will definitely be back! :)
1 My regular shop was booked and I needed to get my nails done that day.  Staff at Furama is friendly and shop new and clean.  Unfortunately, they don't know how to apply gel.  Gel manicure starting chipping after 3 days!  Something definitely wrong with their process since my nails last three weeks from. Jeniza nails.  Will never go back
1 I am new to town and found this place through yelp. I went right when they opened and proceeded to get a full set with white tips. The man was kind and gentle when removing my old set. He started to put the tips on and it seemed ok at the time. But when I got home I noticed that the tips were not completely adhered to my nail. The gap is enough to catch little things. I have to use a stiff brush to get it out, but some of the nails have a deep gap and I can not get it. I advise against using this salon all together. Grrrrrr So update ...  My nails have all lifted off starting from the back. Not in my entire history of getting my nails done have they lifted like this. Next they just started popping off like the cheap press on nails, but with pain.  My nail bed is so thin I can't get my nails redone until it heals. Some of the nails popped of in bed so it was more like ripped off. I didn't even realize he had filed my nail bed down that far. DON'T GO HERE!!!!!
5 Always love coming here! They do a consistently excellent job! They are friendly and kind! Thank you Furama Nails!!
1 I went to Furama for a pedi and decided to have acrylic nails put on.  Pedi was fine but communication is so poor that the staff thought I was sitting ( for 20 minutes) waiting for my toes to dry.  Nails were done so quickly by one of the techs (who was to busy getting her own spa treatments) that she rushed thru mine.  One hand looked completely different from the other.  Terrible work, never going back there.
