4 I recently switched health insurance companies to coverage under Health Plan of Nevada HMO plan which pretty much limits me to Southwest Medical Associates (SMA) clinics.  Hearing horror stories about the care received at the clinics around town about poor beside manner and long wait times, I was very apprehensive about my visit to Next Door Health.  I got there about 10 minutes before my appointment time and a medical assistant was out to greet me in about 5 minutes?  She was efficient and seemed to know what to do to get me prepped for the PA.  In comes my PA Kim.  She was all smiles, warm and friendly - definitely not at all what I was expecting from SMA.  We discussed my problem and the most refreshing part was she educated me about what to expect with my treatment.  Usually at a doctor's visit, I get some medications written up and pretty much get thrown out the door after I have waited an hour+.  Conclusion:  Great experience.  Will definitely come back for any future medical visits AND I'll be seeing Kim.  p.s.  They do physicals there, too.
1 Came here today (3-2-13) to seek medical advice towards attaining a prescription of  a certain medication. Advice was the only thing I was trying to receive, not the actual prescription. The two nurses asked me what medication I was seeking and before they even talked to the doctor they both argued that the doctor was not comfortable prescribing the drug to me, clearly after I had said that I only wanted his medical advice. This location is set up on the west side entrance of Wal-Mart right when you walk in (not the west side entrance to home and garden).   After getting really frustrated that they would not let me TALK to the doctor they were hinting that I should leave so when I finally told the nurse that I  wanted to talk to the doctor and not the nurses working the station they threatened to call security and the authorities to remove me from the premises after doing nothing wrong on my part except wanting to talk to the doctor.   After overhearing the commotion outside the male doctor comes out saying that he does not do prescriptions for Adderall prior to me mentioning that I only wanted his opinion how I should go about finding information on the prescription, but the nurse who was working the computer at sign in was not finished putting her two cents in. I asked her why she was still talking after the conversation had clearly moved on between the doctor and I. That is when he instructed both nurses to walk inside the swinging door and said that they were calling the police. It was as if I had threatened the lives of these people by wanting to seek MEDICAL ADVICE. I am livid at the fact that I pay my dues to have a health care plan only to be turned away by a location that welcomes walk in's. Walk in's are obviously not welcomed here.  So in conclusion, if you want to talk to a REAL doctor then you're better off making an appointment at a real clinic and not some hole in the wall inside walmart staffed with a prick for a doctor and his two reject nurses who know EVERYTHING.
1 I went in to see the doctor about a UTI I had. The nurse did the urine test. Then saw the doctor and he informed me it wasn't a UTI. He said I was dehydrated. I told him I've been dehydrated before and it never burned. Told him he was wrong. He told me the machine said I didn't have a UTI, and that I was getting old so I may have worse reactions to things. I'm only 30!!!!!!! I was ignored, neglected, and insulted. On top of all that, Southwest Medical itself is now ignoring me. Telling me the chart says I saw the doctor, and that counts as treated, so they are not going to do anything about it. These people are absolute scam artists and you should avoid them at all costs if you're paying cash. I imagine they wouldn't do this to insured patients since the insurance company would be capable of denying them payment.  But the nurse was nice.
4 Today was my second time taking my child to this SMA location. I initially had an appointment with her standard doctor this past Friday however, after waiting over an hour, we had to leave. I quickly remembered about the positive experience we had with this SMA a couple months prior and knew this is where we would go. To my delight, we were able to see the same nurse we saw the first time. Kim is super friendly and knowledgeable and was great with making my 4 year old feel at ease. Kim answered all my questions and I never felt rushed. We were in and out in no time. Next time I may just skip my daughters primary doctor all together and come straight here.
4 Pleasantly surprised. Honestly did not know what to expect considering this place is located in a wal-mart ... No offense but medical care and wal-mart do not go hand in hand. However, this place is not associated with wal-mart in any way.  I was able to get an appointment same day by calling SMA, and was in and out very quickly. Doctor I saw was super friendly, informative and gave me a referral I needed for dermatologist. I will definitely go back if I need to get an appointment quickly and on the cheap (only $15 with my HMO HPN to be seen).
