5 My kids have been so happy here . I love how flexible and attentive the staff is and was happy to find the toddler room person had been there for almost 20years . my kids talk about preschool and I see pictures of them playing happliey everyday . they have also been great about my bringing in breast milk for my 16 mo and accommodating my 2 year old wheat allergies
5 I am currently a single mother having to go back to work with a 3 year old and a 4 month old baby. Their is no better peace of mind than to KNOW your kids are in a good place. Well, this is what Sahuaro Preschool has been for my kids and I. Teachers, activities, location, actual facility and the Director who brings it all together have been nothing but a blessing! I am able to go about my day a ease knowing my kids are taken cared for with love and respect! I would NOT go any other way but to be a stay-at-home mom. This is the closest it can get to that! Thanks again for all you do! And thank you for the pictures u constantly put up on facebook! I get to see my kids on my breaks having a great time and it makes my day! You know it's a great place when your kids want to stay longer!
5 Love this preschool. Nothing is better than having peace of mind that your children are well cared for.
5 I have gone back to work full time and it has been hard to have to leave my little ones for such long days 4 days a week. However I could not have chosen a better place for them! I love the small personalized setting and specially that the Director is constantly making sure everything is running in TIP TOP shape! She is very hands on, and no constant teacher change which makes the kids feels safe and more confident!   I have recommended this place and will continue to do so! My kids love it, i can tell at the end of the day, when they have smiles on their faces! And that's worth more than A MILLION BUCKS!   Thanks Sahuaro Staff! From the bottom of my heart, you are like family!
4 My daughter is newer to this facility, but since she has been here we notice a HUGE difference in her attitude. She is so happy! She gets excited when we pull into the drive way. I love how the staff is very warm and welcoming. It's a nice ratio from children to teachers. and I feel she is kept busy throughout the day since she comes home and passes out. Overall I feel we are getting so much for what we are paying. I really enjoy this facility.
5 I wanted to take the time to write a review about Sahuaro Prechool to help other parents that, just like me, need daycare/preschool services for our kids and are looking for the best of the best. From personal experience, I can assure you that Sahuaro Preschool not only will provide your kids with a high quality early education for your kids, but it will also make them feel safe and loved just as if they were at home with mom and dad. I have three kids, from 5 to 11 years old, that still have the pleasure to attended Sahuaro Preschool. I love the fact that I can drop all my kids off at one place and that the staff is so well trained by Ms. Martha that I never get a complaint from any my kids saying that they were bored. I can't ask for anymore from this place: my kids learn while being safe and at the same time they have lots of fun! Thank you Sahuaro Preschool, keep up the good work!! Ps.- I do not have babies anymore, but I love checking out the nursery, it is just SO cute! And those babies are ADORABLE! Check everything out, this school has always something going on, Never a Dull Moment. =D
5 My daughter started here in October.  When we first toured I knew it was the place for us because she was comfortable from the moment we got there.    How much she has learned is fantastic.  She will just start counting or singing a song or say something that I find even know she knew.  The classes are small, just one for each age. The staff is outgoing and friendly.  You can tell they enjoy their jobs.  My daughter is almost 3 and I'm so thankful we found Sahuaro.  Every month there is a focus on what the learn and lesson plans for each day.  Because it's small I feel like I know them and they know me and my daughter.  It's been such a wonderful experience.
5 My son started Sahuaro in October. He is my only and I was pretty anxious about leaving him. We toured a few other daycares but I felt hesitation with them. I did not once get a feeling of hesitation when touring Sahuaro.   First of all, I love how small it is. My son is 2 and is in a class with only 2 year olds. The class is large and CLEAN! In fact, the cleanliness is one of the things I noticed right away and it hasn't wavered in the months he's been in attendance. The teachers are a blessing and my son talks about Ms. Sheila a ton. I don't feel like the teachers are just babysitting. They are truly interacting and teaching. I wanted to know my son was learning while I was away at work. My son is 2 and can count to 20 and knows his colors and recites a prayer from school before meals at home. He is absolutely learning.  On days he's clingy and wants me before leaving the only one he goes to comfortably is his teacher and that makes me happy knowing he loves her so much. They are an open door policy so you can come check on your child at anytime, which I like.   Overall, this place is a true blessing. You will have peace of mind sending your child here.
1 This school is disgusting, I had to remove my children from this school as they were constantly sick and missing more days than they were there. The positive responses are from staff members by the way.....
5 Still a 5 star daycare!! The daycare was great when he started and in the last year they have made so many improvements. My son started in the 1 year old room and is now in the 2 year old room. They allow the children the chance to get comfortable with going potty in the bathroom. The staff is great. still love it.
5 I have two kids that have been going to this preschool for a year now and they have been just great.    My daughter was an infant when she started there.  Even though there was a little turn over in staff in the last year, the people they have hired have always been nurturing and caring to my little one.  When she turned one, her teacher threw her a birthday party and gave her a gift and I know the cost  was out of her own pocket.  That tells me they really care about their kids.  When it was time for her to transition from the "infant" room to the "ones (toddlers)" room, they really let her take her time and made sure she was ready.  Some centers churn kids as soon as they turn one to get more infants in (because they can charge more and they usually have a waiting list) but not here.  They were really patient and let her transition at her own pace.   In April there was a 911 incident with my child and they handled it with the utmost professionalism and I can't thank them enough.  My son started when he was 2 and in the middle of potty training.  They helped him (and me) with the process and he was in big boy underpants in no time.  It is so great when you no longer have to change two diapers!!  My son loves his friends and the enrichment classes they offer like music, dance and karate.  He LOVES his karate classes!  Now that my kiddo is 3 he can be a little rowdy and moody, but I trust their discipline techniques and the teachers and director have great communication with me when it come to any concern with either of my kids.  The facility is an older facility but the director makes sure its in good shape.  I see she constantly makes improvements such as resurfacing the parking lot, installing outdoor water fountains, new trikes and play equipment for the kids, garden boxes  and I think recently I think I noticed a new A/C in the lobby area to make it more comfortable.  I do drop in expectantly at the center now and again and "spy" on my little ones and I like to watch them have so much fun.  I recommend this place.
