5 Master Watch Repair  is an owner operated business.  I had 4 antique pocket watches overhauled here by the owner, Lenny.  They were: an Omega from 1913, 2 Elgin's from 1903, and 1927, and finally an absolutely beautiful Hamilton 992B Railroad Grade pocket watch from 1941.  Each watch was completed within the time frame promised, or earlier.  Lenny did an outstanding job in overhauling and reviving these valuable pieces of history.  When you have something as rare and valuable as a pocket watch, it takes a highly trained, educated and experienced professional with the test equipment and tools to properly disassemble, clean, and lubricate each individual jewel, and gear shaft.  In the late 1800"s, and well into the early 1900's, almost every Jewelry store had a skilled Watchmaker in their employ, but they are becoming more and more difficult to come by in this high tech day and age.    Each watch came out of his shop in perfect working order,  just as they were in the early 1900's.  I am very impressed with his extensive knowledge of these timepieces, especially since Lenny also does custom jewelry, jewelry repair, modern watch repair and servicing, battery replacement, and buys gold!  Just by watching him work on these timepieces, you can tell he loves, and is very proud of his work.    I also sold him some of my old gold rings, and was given an excellent value for them.  I highly recommend this shop for all your watch and jewelry repairs.  Your valued timepiece could never be in better hands, than those of someone who enjoys working on them and stands behind their work.  Avoid the franchised jewelry repair shops, and put your trust in someone who has the mentality of a small business owner.  Excellent prices, exceptional work, and an asset to the Glendale, AZ community.
5 Fixed up an old Soviet Watch i had. Excellent service!!!
5 Fantastic work- had Lenny find the Swiss part and have my Tag Heuer battery replaced within a day for an affordable price. Better alternative than going to the mall- but be prepared to bring cash because it is a Russian business! :)
