4 Dr. McHale was very friendly and made me feel like she truly cared I was there to see her. I am very impressed with her. The waiting room was small and very crowded but maybe that's the sign of a great doctor? Highly recommend this doctor.
5 Very happy for choosing this place. Clean office and staff is friendly. I am always nervous when going for ob/gyn visits , but I am definitely not going to be nervous anymore after seeing Dr Staci. she was very very nice and made me feel comfortable.
2 I really wanted to like this office.  My experience with the doctor herself, Dr. McHale, was a really good one.  She is friendly and willing to go the extra mile to make sure questions are answered.  The staff accommodated to my schedule to make sure I was able to come in for lab testing.  Her office itself was very clean and tidy.  The issue lies with billing.  A few weeks after my appointment, I received a bill in the mail for about $850 from LabCorp!  Confused, I called my insurance asking for answers.  Apparently, New Beginnings is covered with my insurance; the laboratory they use, LabCorp, is not.  The receptionist I spoke to when I was setting up my appointment failed to tell me that when I asked her if my insurance is good with them.    Sad to say, but I am back to searching for a doctor (and the laboratory they use) who is covered under my insurance.  Now I know to ask which laboratory they use for  testing before setting up an appointment!
4 Dr. McHale is wonderful. She takes her time and answers all questions. I did not feel rushed and left feeling educated and able to make an informed decision. I was referred to Dr. McHale by my primary care doctor and it was an excellent referral. The only reason I could not give this a 5 star review is because of the wait time. I had a 2:30 appointment and did not get taken into an exam room until a few minutes before 4. I will not let that stop me from coming back. Dr. McHale is certainly worth the wait. Hopefully in the future they schedule her appointments further apart so that the wait isn't so long.
