5 Finally an Urgent Care that does what it says.  My 9 year old daughter hurt her elbow at a gymnastics practice on a Saturday afternoon, pediatrician referred us to this new Urgent Care by Phoenix Childrens. Totally happy.  Not just some PA or NP, but an actual doctor and the X-Ray was read by a radiologist at Phoenix Childrens Hospital. A sling and follow up to our pediatrician and we're on our way in less than an hour.  Felt completely comfortable, great doctor who was completely familiar with injuries of kids in sports and they were totally on top of it.  I'll be back and will send all my friends.
2 This review is about the Urgent Care.  The care was great, the wait-time, long (almost 2 hours).  But BEWARE!!.... BEWARE!!!   I understand how Health Insurance works, my recommendation is AVOID!  If you don't fully understand how your Insurance billing works, stay away from this place. They don't know how to handle the billing and leave you to figure it out.  PCH Urgent Care submitted the insurance incorrectly.  The co-pay collected at the time of service was posted to the wrong account.   They tried to overcharge us 2x our copay on the billing statement.  After numerous calls to the Insurance Co. to correct the claim , we found they only submitted a partial claim.  After 16 weeks and over 14 phone calls to insurance companies, facility billing and doctor billing offices, we finally resolved the issue.. only to find, they sent the account to collections.  (even though we gave them an updated status every month).  Then after talking with the doctor billing, they did not sent the account to collections... WHAA???  Confusing, right??!!   We almost had to file a BBB Compliant just to get this straightened out.  I think it's best to just stay away from this place.  It's definitely not worth the financial headache.
5 The people of this PCH Urgent Care were outstanding! I arrived with my daughter at 10:20 pm (they close at 11 pm) and after completing a small amount of paperwork we were in a room within minutes. All of the staff, from the front desk to the nurses and doctor, were great. They ran a few tests and addressed my child's concerns in a caring manner and even took her to pick out a stuffed animal to help soothe her after it was all over. They never rushed us or made us feel unwelcome. We were even sent home with plenty of information to read about the ailment. I would definitely return if I needed urgent care for my little one in the future.
2 Care was fine, but just as another person said, they have issues with billing.  They market themselves as Urgent Care, however they billed my insurance as Emergency Room.  I ended up in collections for almost $200 and I NEVER received an invoice at all from Phoenix Children's Hospital.  Almost 1 year later, and now i'm trying to tell my insurance it was not an ER, and it should have been billed at standard Co-Pay like all my other Urgent Care visits.    I'm sure I'll get screwed and not be able to make any changes now that it's in collections and now that it's a new plan year.  So lesson learned.  I'll go to another Urgent Care which is not associated with Phx Children's Hospital.
5 I would SO highly recommend these Urgent Care centers.  I have been to 2 run by PCH in my daughter's 6 years, and I've been to a couple of others.  The attention PCH gives is beyond compare.  I love that the center is totally kid focused.  They talk to the kids as well as the parents.  Other UC centers do not.    My daughter broke her arm at school last week and we took her here for an x-ray to confirm the break.  They were kind and gentle with her when she had a panic attack (fear of the unknown) and told her everything that was going to happen on a level she could understand.  By the time we left with her soft cast on, arm in a sling, she was happy as could be.   She goes back tomorrow for a hard cast and a visit with a pediatric orthopedist.   The first time I took her in (East Valley location) she was 2 and had to have a pretty invasive test.  They were kind and gentle, they gave her a book to keep and they tried to explain to her what they were doing.  If you have kids, and you have an UC need (an you WILL have a need), go to one of the PCH UC locations.
1 Okay care, but horrendous billing practices.  Both my children were seen in January, but Phoenix Children's didn't get correct information to my insurance company till July.  When I called to make sure my account was paid in full, they told me it was, but then proceeded to bill me for months afterward.  It took seven calls to the billing department and the issue is still not resolved.
4 My children have been to this urgent care center about 6 times in the last 2 years for everything from strep to playground injuries. Wait was always minimal and care was child-centered.
