5 Tiffany at ProStar did a great job of coordinating the move of my two cars from Philadelphia to Las Vegas.  She charged a fair price, hired a competent carrier and managed the process from pick-up through delivery with great attention to detail.  I recommend ProStar Automotive Transport to anyone who needs to move a vehicle.
5 You will not regret selecting ProStar Auto Transport to move your vehicle.  A woman owned and operated business, Tiffany will show you the meaning of true Customer Service.  From contract preparation to pickup and delivery of your vehicle, ProStar Auto Transport puts all your concerns and customer satisfaction at the forefront of their business and makes the entire transaction, and moving of your vehichle, an effortless one for you.
5 After having completed a thorough research of many car shipping companies, I decided to use ProStar Auto Transport to ship my car from San Francisco, CA to Pittsburgh, PA.  I'm incredibly happy with the service for the following reasons:  1) Tiffany Parker-Meade- she is wonderfully responsive, honest, knowledgeable and is a true professional at what she does.  I wish that all service reps, regardless of what industry, are like her.  Her professionalism put me at ease.  2) Jack, who was responsible for getting my car safely across the country is a very sincere, trustworthy and a great guy; such an honest soul.  I felt very lucky that he took good care of my car and did everything to reassure me that I was in good hands. He called me, provided me his cell number and encouraged me to contact him at any given time should I have any questions or concerns.  3) I got quotes as high as $2400. The quote ProStar provided (appx. $1200) was by far, what I believe to be the least padded and appeared to be the most upfront and honest charge for services rendered.    4) My car was picked up on time as scheduled and arrived on time and without any damage, issues, etc..  True to his word, Jack really took great car of my car.   If I ever have to ship my car again AND should friends/family want to ship their car(s), I will use/recommend ProStar.
