5 My husband and I heard about K9 Convenience pet servies through a close friend and have been utilizing their services regularly over the last 6 months.  We are so grateful to have found them!  We have (4) dogs, one being a puppy and we both work full time.  It is a huge relief to have a mid-day visit in our home for the pups.  I don't have to feel guilty about leaving them kenneled for hours w/out a break.  We were also very fortunate to be able to utilize them during our recent vacation.  They took great care of our pups, watered our plants, picked up the mail, and made sure the house was secure.  We were able to relax & enjoy our trip due to their reliability and top notch care always given.  I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for professional pet care services.  They're amazing!
5 Bob and his team have cared for my three dogs on several occasions and have always gone above and beyond our expectations.  This company truly knows what customer service is.  There have been a few occasions when they have gone out of the way to perform non-pet related tasks.  These guys do it all when it comes to your pets, whether short or long term, simple or complex pets I would trust this company every time. You won't be disappointed.
5 Bob impressed us from our first call to him!  He is very professional and passionate about his work.  He came to our house to provide an assessment and we were immediately impressed with his professional appearance, his interaction with our two dogs, and the services he provides.  We initially had him care for Max and Shadow for a weekend and it has now grown to his team visiting our pets Mon-Fri while we work.  We no longer have to worry about working late or impromptu dinner dates after work as we know our pets have been cared for and are well!  If I could give more stars I would!  This is a great service and a great company!
5 My neighbor and I have both used Bob a couple of times to watch our pets.  I have one dog and an elderly cat.  Bob and his team cared very well for our beloved pets.  His customer service and communication are top notch.  Bob is friendly and very easy to work with.  My pets love him already!  It was very apparent when he dropped the key off how much they had bonded while I was gone.  I would not hesitate to recommend and use Bob and K-9 again.  Thank you K-9 for being such a trustworthy option!
5 We have used Bob's K9 Convenience twice now. The big news here is that Bob and his team have come BACK the second time! You see, we have FOUR dogs. They are a handful! Bob took meticulous notes in our first meeting prior to the visit. He asked great questions and anticipated our requests and the dogs' needs. We even have one dog who doesn't easily warm up to strangers but he did fine. We've never experienced  a service coming into our home while we were gone but this service was very trustworthy. The extra touch of giving us regular reports (emails) was especially reassuring. We added one other request. We feed a feral cat who lives in the neighborhood and Bob's service did not hesitate to tend to the cat's feeding and watering as well. Bob's friendly demeanor is especially appreciated. Well done, Bob!
5 Just an update.  Bob and his team have come through again!  Even though Bob has grown his company (congratulations) his customer service hasn't missed a beat.  Regular communications throughout the care period and everything clean and in order upon my return.  Thank you Bob and the team at K9 Convenience!
