4 A really impressive new addition to Stockbridge's already well-stocked list of lunch and dining options, The Pantry seeks to showcase local produce in some innovative and flavour-packed dishes. Still with its fresh sheen of shiny newness about the place (at time of writing, it has been open for four days), the place is light-wood, white and minimalist, with some nice tweedy touches.  The dishes on the menu all sound great, so it was quite a choice to narrow down the options. The soup I had was first-rate, and the burger, although slightly on the lean side for my tastes, packed a good deal of meaty goodness. The chips were as good as I've been served for a long while.  Overall, we said: "The Pantry is a really welcome new addition. They're still in their infancy, so in time they'll make their house more of a home, but they're starting from a really nice level, with welcoming staff, a well crafted menu, and a good, relaxed feel to the place. They have lots of nice presentational details, too, like little milk churn jugs. I look forward to further visits to the place, which will be frequent and often."
3 Went to the pantry for coffee. First impressions was that it was a strange space with an overwhelming smell of cooking oil from what I guess is the all day breakfast? I had a latte and a brownie so can't review what appears to be an interesting menu.  The coffee was ok and brownie was good. But... the brownie was £3 which for the size was steep.  The pantry is in a super competitive area so I hope they sort out some of these teething issues.
3 I want to like this place, I really do, sadly my lunch today (The Stewp on the menu which was just a very average soup with some pasta in it ) didn't live up to expectations.   The Pantry is in a super competitive area, the staff are very friendly and welcoming, the coffee is from illy and they have a great selection of fresh cake and local produce but so do most new places in this area. A big plus is that this place gets a lot of sun and there are a few tables outside, we had lunch al fresco there today, in February, in just our shirts.  I do hope to get back and give it another try soon.
4 I've had a Cappuccino and it was delish ...  So will have to pop in for lunch at some point!
2 Not incredibly impressed. We had our breakfast here and the pancakes were not nice at all. The eggs benedict were satisfactory at best. The hollandaise sauce was hardly there and actually pretty dry.  Overall pretty Meh. Won't be going back in a hurry.
4 Only been twice but I love breakfast here !  I had the eggs benedict with smoked salmon, and im not even a massive fan of salmon I'll only have it occasionally!  We also got the corn fritters with relish and my goodness they were delightful!  The waiter actually told us when we were leaving that they were his grandmothers recipie how quaint!   Its very light and airy in there and plenty of room for buggies they also have a mummioes hour i think its on tuesdays and thursdays between 3 - 4 and they provide colouring for children and you get a coffee or tea for £1.00 good deal and you dont have to worry about your children being too noisy cause i would assume its all children then ! They are great with kids and theres lots of room which is good, they dont servce alcohol yet but you can BYO which is ace !  Gorgeous selection of cakes, friendly and helpful staff and the food is actually divine!  couldnt love it more, the only bad thing is its packed on weekends so it will be hard to get a table there soon!
5 The Pantry is one of the latest additions to the Stockbridge culinary scene, and what a time it is for the area. Recently voted the 3rd coolest place to live in the UK the area is alive with some of the trendiest and most relaxed eateries in the city. The Pantry falls into this category for sure.  From the menu you see above the keep it small, seasonal and achievable. You won't see 30 items here just a great combination of fresh and local produce.    For starters my dining chum and I both opted for the crab & smoked salmon gazpacho! What a great dish, fresh gazpacho with fresh crab and a light smokey salmon all come together to create a great summer dish. The seasoning was spot on, just can't fault it.    For main I had the hogget with mash, seasonal greens and sauce vierge. Seasoned pink lamb, smooth mash, capers, lemon.....mint...... YUMM!!! Really it's as tasty as it looks. The lamb was so tender, again for what is a very modest place this was an accomplished dish and is the kind of food you want to demolish!    My dining chum had squid stuffed with rice, I only tried a little but again very tasty.  For desert I think made a mistake.... I had the cheese and it was very tasty as cheese goes but check this out......    Rhuuuuubarb, pannacotta wow!! Looked great, tasted great, could have been a desert in a much fancier much more expensive restaurant. These guys are really working hard and it's paying off.  To get a 3 course meal for £30 in Stockbridge is always a win in my book! It's BYOB and topping it off with a bottle from Australia's coolest wine makers Some Young Punks made for a great night.  The Pantry - Highly Jd Recommended!!!
4 Enjoyed the ham hash & duck egg I had in here a few weeks ago & the menu's less pricey than you'd maybe expect for Stockbridge. We had to ask for the bill twice and then eventually go in to get it & pay but that seemed to be down to them having one too few staff on for the amount of customers in that afternoon. Given that the service up to that point was good and the toilets etc. all in good order I'm happy to give the benefit of the doubt.
2 Was hoping for more out of The Pantry when we wandered in for a meal around noontime the other day. They were no longer serving breakfast, and we were informed that certain items on the lunch menu wouldn't be available until after 12:30. Left with a small selection of not-particularly-interesting choices, I opted for a cheese sandwich. Which was fine for a cheese sandwich, I suppose, but secretly I wanted to be eating something more exciting than a cheese sandwich.   Service was friendly enough, and the outdoor seating area looks quite appealing. I'd go back for a coffee or maybe to give their breakfast a try, but I wouldn't bother with lunch there again - too many better choices in the neighborhood.
3 Service was rather hit and miss as we had to ask for the bill twice at the end of the quick lunch we'd stopped in for but no complaints about the food itself.  Like a lot of places in Edinburgh that offer on-street seating there's really not enough room between you and the road which in the case is cobbled thereby making it doubly loud when cars pass so beware of that as, due to its deserved popularity, there's a good chance you'll have to plump for one of those tables as the inside's invariably full.
5 The Pantry is one of our favourite places in Edinburgh. The breakfast and lunch is delicious and locally sourced. The chef has real skill and serves up comfort food with all the little details done right (eggs perfectly poached, the roast vegetables are always spectacularly done). The soups and stewps (soupy stews) are always wonderful and rotate constantly so you get a great variety. I'm a very big fan of the terrines as well which are wonderfully silky but always hearty. Great cappuccino also (and my wife loves their tea selection).   The dinners are a real treat. They do special 2 and 3 course menus that are some of the best food for the price I've ever had.   The service is absolutely wonderful. It's family run (and it shows). Everyone working is gracious, helpful, and knowledgeable about what they do. We've always been treated with complete kindness and hospitality, and like "regulars" from our second visit onwards. Really, the folks working there are just friendly and genuinely nice people, and are always an absolute pleasure.   Importantly for our family, they are also VERY family friendly. They are great with kids and have excellent child amenities (including a great changing room, child seating, and a children's area with lots of toys [which our daughter is too young to use just yet]).   I really could not recommend more highly.
4 I gushed on about this place when I came here first and having come back for brunch I still have to say I think the food is exceptional.  Why the loss of a star? Well to be honest its down to service and a general lack of organisation.  Like many places the Pantry is listed on TopTable.co.uk, so when looking for a place for brunch for Lucie.M and I this seemed like the perfect option. Having booked a day before we walked in to the crowded restaurant bang on the time of our booking, 6/7 people were already waiting to be seated.  As some people were being turned away, I explained I had made a booking, one quick check of their bookings and it was clear they didnt have us down - credit to him - he told us to wait and our table would be ready in just a minute. When we did sit down the table was really sticky - the very flustered waitress immediately came over and asked if we had ordered - not having seen a menu and having just sat down we said well no. This seemed to frustrate her a little.  Lucie.M opted for the build your own fry-up and I went for the East Lothian foraged mushrooms with pancetta and poached eggs.  When the food came I got a waft of one of my favourite things in the gastronomic world TRUFFLE. These lovely mushrooms has been doused in truffle oil. Oh my.........!  It was delicious, I well near licked the plate clean, Lucie was I think equally surprised and impressed by her meal, especially the veg table hash.  All in all the kitchen are knocking it out the park, front of house....get things in order and you have a real winning place!  The Pantry still comes Highly Jd Recommended.
3 Popped by for lunch earlier. Was a bit underwhelmed by (lack of) choice but settled on a beef toasted granary bread sandwich which was tasty enough. My two teenagers and their granny all had the same pulled pork ciabatta sandwich with red cabbage and a small poke of chips. Nice enough but not spectacular. Service was a bit pedestrian but pleasant enough. A bit more choice and a slightly more proactive service and I've have flipped to 4 stars. Will give it another go but there are better options within the whiff of a freshly made coffee around the new town/stockie border.
