2 Decided to go here instead of my normal Chipotle fix. I had the roast beef and turkey club.,it was loaded with lettuce and tomato but definitely not eat. Just a few slices of each and maybe cheese. It was hard to tell under all he veggies. The bread was really tasty, seemed fresh! The  sandwich, chips and a drink was just over $9. A bit pricey for what you get. There are some other sandwich shops motto far from here that have better food at a better price. It seems this store just opened. The staff was friendly and the food is prepared super fast. I will give it another trying few weeks to see if this was just a new opening hiccup.
4 I eat at Jimmy John's every once in a while when I'm on campus.  I'm so glad they opened one closer to my house! Apparently they've been at this location for a while, but I found out the other day. Better late than never.  The wait at Jimmy John's by UNLV is not very long, but when I came to this location, there was no one.  I sat down and my sandwich was ready.  The guys that were there were really friendly as they greeted me when I walked in.    I ordered the #6-Vegetarian and I love that sandwich! For having no meat, it tastes really good and has flavor.  There's provolone cheese, sliced cucumber, lettuce tomato, mayo and some avocado spread.  I believe it was white bread, but next time I will order it on wheat.  But it was still good.   Looks like not very many people know this place is here, so inside is super clean and organized.  The location is great, right by the Galleria Mall.  Although I will be fighting my taste buds between here and Chipotle.
4 I've had Jimmy John's before and it's just as good at this new place they opened in Henderson. Staff was friendly and the place was clean. See you guys again soon
4 I was visiting Vegas and we originally ordered from Capriottis on Warm Springs and Eastern but they constantly run out of roast beef and don't tell you until you are ready to pickup your order.  Again disappointed by this specific Capriottis we cancelled our order and went to JJs.    The sandwich establishments are in different classes but JJs is reliable.    I would have rated this review a 5 star but when we asked for the sandwiches to go the guy behind the counter pointed at the bags behind the countered and was weird about bagging them and made us do it.
4 nom nom nom! this place has really great sandwiches. although not having gluten free bread is ok because they have any sandwich you would like in a lettuce wrap. I love the beach sandwich it is super delish.
1 I had Jimmy Johns brought to me by a dental rep today and it was missing 3 things off our order and when she called to ask them to bring them to us the Manager argued with her and insisted that everything was there... We had 8 witnesses that it wasn't and he still said it was.... I love Jimmy Johns but this location has a manager with no customer service knowledge... So which ever manager worked 7/24/13 @ lunch time needs some talking to!!
3 Good simple cheap subs, reminds me of the ones back home in mom and pop shops. small menue but it works for them, good for a cheap meal :)
3 Good sandwiches as usual, but the service at this location is not into the details like the other locations I have visited.  As an example, when my sandwiches were ready, (which is ultra-fast) the gal put them up on the counter, here you go...  I asked for a bag, and she points to the counter below and on the other side of the ledge, and says (while touching them) they are right there....  OK, really?  Just details, but you couldn't hand me one?  So, I reach over the ledge and down and get my own bag.  Maybe they should put the bags ON the ledge to clearly display it is self-service. But again, I like the sandwiches.  Cucumber, lettuce, tomato all very good on my Tuna on wheat.  My husband really enjoyed his Club, he wishes they had bacon, but since I like the tuna so much, he deals with the no bacon issue with few complaints!
4 First time eating here and it won't be my last!!!  For anyone who is looking for a quick, quality sandwich under 10 bucks I would highly recommend Jimmy John's. The service is excellent and one of the first things I noticed is how clean the restaurant was kept. I order the Gargantuan and it was a filling sub. Cold cuts were fresh, sliced thin, and piled high. All in all.. Great sandwich! Cant wait to explore the rest of the menu.
4 The "unwich" is what makes me a fan here.  I love sandwiches wrapped in lettuce.  You can turn any sandwich into an unwich on the menu.  So lets talk about the service, or more like the "Jimmy John's attitude" as I like to call it.  Every business has a vibe.  I have been to three different Jimmy John's and one of them was in a different city, yet the vibe was the same.    I liken it to the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld.  They know they make a good sandwich and have a menu above your head, so you figure it out, order it and it will be out to you soon.  There is no friendly chit chat and no warm and fuzzies, but they aren't rude. It is just a certain attitude that has become what I consider the Jimmy John experience.  I appreciate that and I love the unwich.  I am a regular.
4 Pretty good sandwich spot. Super cheap and super fast like they advertise. Nice people every time my husband and I go in. It's really clean on the inside. Never busy when we go in. I will definitely be returning!
3 Great food.  Subway is just so tired compared to JJ's   You'll never look at Subways after a Jimmy Johns.  I would normally say 5 stars for food, today's delivery was 27 minutes and we are close.
5 Fastest service I ever had. My sandwich is ready as soon as I order out every time. Great quality. I haven't been to a Subway or Port of Subs since they opened this location.
2 I love Jimmy John's. I've been on a kick recently and have had Jimmy John's three days in a row. Today, I ordered a sub for delivery for once. I love going into the store. But delivery..... ehhhhhhhhhhhhh. I waited for more than a half hour before I got my sandwich. I've had Jimmy John's deliver to me before, and they lived up to their "freaky fast" slogan. But more than a half hour? I know it's Friday night but damn. I've had pizza hut deliver faster than that and their delivery slogan is NOT "Freaky Fast." Freaky fast my ass.
