4 I went looking for Nargile and found Yeni in its place. But, after speaking with the waitress, it turns out Yeni is owned by the same people who owned Nargile. They have simply rebranded, and reopened under a different name, to highlight a similar but updated menu. The main change being that they now individually mark all mezze dishes as Gluten Free, Dairy Free, or Vegan. Having several friends who fit every description, this is a good update to see.  Compared to other Turkish restaurants I've been to, it may not have the dark wooded, colourful, candelit interior and atmosphere. It's very New Town and George Street -sleek, pollished, minimalist, perhaps I'd go so far to say it's lacking in personality?  But that's just the decoration. The staff were very friendly and chatty (hence how I discovered it is owned by Nargile).   The food was also really quite delicious. I don't know how it compares to traditional Turkish mezze, but I really enjoyed mine. The lunch deal of 3 mezze for £9.90 that runs every day Mon - Sat (except Sunday, when they're not open) was really fantastic. I took home a doggy bag for dinner, the portions were so big.  The calamari was deliciously soft. The pan-fried aubergine, whilst cold (a surprise) was delicious and the feta & spinach filo rolls were perhaps a little heavy on the pastry but still nice. The lamb kebab my dining partner ordered also looked very nom-tastic.  I don't think I'd go out of my way to come back to Yeni, as I love atmosphere and it just feels a little minimalist. But if I were in town I'd definitely make use of the lunch deal again, and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a delicious, good value meal.  Mo' mezze!
4 Set off on a sunny Monday evening with an itison voucher in hand to give this place a whirl and we werent disappointed. On a arrival we were greeted by a very friendly waitress and the place itself was bright and modern. The menu for the voucher was similair to the main menu only excluding the mini mains, so I cannot comment on those.   We opted for:  Cold meze  humus, Shaksuka, Dolma, olives  Hot Meze  Calamari, Sucuk, Spinach Borek  Nerellom Ascalese Arpeggio Sicilian wine  Everything was really nice and the wine was reasonably priced. The stand out dishes that made us discuss a repeat visit were the calamari, humus, Shaksuka and Sucuk. Even the pita breads were really good. Wish I had taken some photos as everything was reallly nicely presented.   Could not fault a dish from the hummous to the pitta breads, which normlly for me in meze/tapas etc theres something that is a bit weird or seems have come from a tin. Never a fan of eating anywhere around George Street as I seem to have had a lot of medicore and occassionally expensive meals, but this place is great.
3 We booked a table on a voucher for 2 people and they were happy to use the voucher for 4 people. The deal was for 12 'tasting sizes' containing of 6 cold and 6 warm Meze.  In addition we ordered extra fried calamari, tzaziki and an artichoke with dry roasted tomatoes.  It was all a bit of a mixed bag as each one of us preferred different dishes.  My personal favourite was the calamari, which was nicely crispy outside and soft on the inside (and not chewy like you get in some other places).   The ambiance is a bit bare, but the music created a great compensation for that. We noticed that we were humming along while enjoying the dishes in front. There is a good level of noise as we didn't have to over shout the music either.   Service was very friendly, but a little chaotic. It took us 3 requests to actually get the bill to our table. They closed the kitchen at 9pm so we decided to have coffee and dessert elsewhere.  That was actually fine with me as I didn't fancy any of the dessert on the menu.   So in all it was a good experience and there were some definite highlights, but it lacked that cohesion and finesse to make it stand out.
4 Meze Me Full and Call Me Ikram  This place is great, really, really good Turkish food, at a great price with top notch service. We got booked in over the weekend of the Calcutta Cup, a table for 4 is hard to come by on those weekends- and my mum managed to book it on the day!  A few drinks beforehand in one of the many awesome bars on Hannover Street, and empty tummies were in need of satisfaction. Friendly welcome, don't be put off by the guy at the door handing our Hummus Canapés, it's not a sign of desperation as the place was half full and there were a lot of regulars.   The menu is huge, so we were quite relieved when the lady came over and said that they do 'set menu' for £20 a head and bring over a selection of stuff - which is taking the pain out of group eating in a Meze restaurant - ok we will take 4 of those, and 2 bottles of red wine thanks.   The cold stuff came super quick, plenty of warm pitta bread to mop up copious amounts of hummus, sliced sausage, aubergine and tomato and other dishes which I can't remember. Hot stuff started coming before we were done there, with calamari, chicken, feta and spinach pastries and hot vegetable dishes also. I know what most of these are called in Greek, but not in Turkish, sorry  The finale was the main course, and we got a platter of succulent chicken kebabs, as well as a huge pitta stuffed with freshly cooked lamb - that really was 10 out of 10.  Ok, so why isn't this 5 star, because it wasn't the most amazing Mediterranean food I have ever it had, its strong 4 star, with definite 5 star elements. My dad started speaking nonsense to the manager who gave him a voucher for a comp bottle of wine next time we are in - thanks Dad, seeing as you live in Aberdeen, I'll be taking that.  Boom!
2 Went in on a last-minute night free for dinner as the rest of Hanover St was busting full and ordered 7 items between 2 of us and some wine. Generally quite a deflating experience...  The chicken wings were really tasty, had proper good flavour and crunchy outside but they were no bigger than my thumb and mostly legs, not wings. Small but good. A ribeye salad was good and tasty with fresh herbs, the only dish containing fresh herbs actually. The hummus with lamb was void of flavour and we had to add a tonne of salt and lemon juice to make it decent. We also had prawns which were, again, tiny. I always get so disappointed with these wee tiny prawns - if you're emulating a holiday in Greece or Turkey type meal then you should use better produce than that...Anyway, the buttery, lemony, garlicky sauce they were swimming in came in handy for adding flavour to the other dishes that were bland. The thin- sliced chicken on top of soggy pitta with tomato sauce was very passata-from-a-carton tasting. The prawn butter improved it. Pitta garlic bread with cheese was lovely hot but after 5 minutes become inedible. And the fatoush was terrible, worst I've ever had.  Service was ok, not slow or anything but lacked a sparkle of some kind. We had the cheapest bottle of wine on the menu and the bill for 2 came to £70, which is really quite steep for very plain nibbly food in a stark, uninteresting environment and we were only there an hour! I guess you takes your chances in city centre on a busy Saturday night....  All in all, nothing special going on here. Won't be back or recommending.
