4 Great food, good portion sizes, reasonable prices, great service.  Spanish music a little loud but we were seated right under the speaker.  Overall great experience and would go again.
1 Slow service, they refused to give happy hour 1/2 off margarita as advertised. This place used to be good. Friends fish tacos were not good, and they did give 50% off his tacos because of it.
4 This restaurant is on the corner of Warner and McClintock in Tempe.  The staff is great and the food is delicious!   They have some "light" items on the menu, too.  I had the tortilla soup and a garden salad.  Both were excellent. They also have a great Happy Hour and Open sitting area outside.
4 This is the only mexican restaurant within 10 miles of my house that I would recommend to anyone.  I've been to it about 8 times in the past year and have never been disappointed nor have my guests.  The menu and prices are pretty much typical of family oriented mex restaurants but the food is above average and pretty consistent.  The very first time we visited, soon after it opened, one of the co-owners came by and talked to us.  From what he said it's one of several restaurants owned by his family who are headquartered in TX (I think that's where he said).  One thing people need to know about "Garcia's" chain is that they are NOT all alike.  Some are definitely better than others.  The original Garcia's is at 35th Ave near McDowell Rd in Phx and while popular the food at the original is sub-par.  So don't let your experience at another one prevent you from trying this one.  I generally get a green burro and that's what I've gotten here.  And it's very good.  My wife usually gets a red burro and is very happy with those.  The meat is in chunks and usually there is plenty of it.  The gravy it swims in is good.  The only knock I have about the green burro is that the green chilies in the mix, like so many mex restaurants, is a bit overcooked.  Others in our party had fajitas and thought they were  very good.  There chips are above average and they serve a decent salsa and a bean dip with the chips.  The bean dip is tasty.  The service has been good to excellent.  The other restaurant I recommend in the tempe/mesa area is Rosita's.  There is also a Rosita's in Phx but it's different people.  The one in Phx is also good but the food there is MUCH hotter, usually too hot for out of town folks who have never had what we here call "real mexican food".
