3 Went to Food Truck Friday and decided to try these guys out and get a Blue Cheese Burger.  After waiting in line i was told "opps, forgot to take the sign down, don't have blue cheese".  I decided to get a Grilled Buffalo Chicken Sandwich instead and i was very pleased (even though i still wanted the burger).  They had a good selection of food, fries, drinks, etc., along with a whole condiment bar.  Next time i find these guys i will definitely get a burger!
3 Decent burgers.  Decent price.  A lot of burger choices!
5 Dee-li-shus! I love this food truck. I try to stop by every time I can at food truck friday, and I will definitely buy yummy burgers from them any time I see them elsewhere too!
5 Tried this at Food Truck Friday.  Southwest Pork Burger with Sweet Potato Fries was awesome!
1 Burger was not good and fries were undercooked and soggy  Could not even finish any of the meals by the 4 of us - what a shame
4 This review is after two visits at the Food Truck Caravan Saturday night at 5th & Goldwater in Scottsdale.  My family tried them first and I on the second trip.  Burgers Amore offers grass fed ground beef in their burgers which are seasoned perfectly that goes well with the taste of the beef itself.  My only complaint is that they are not able to lettuce wrap your burger or offer GF buns.  Their crinkle cut fries were not the best the first time and choose to pass on them on my turn.  I will try other items off this truck when I run into them again.
3 While the Bacon Cheese and the Mac n Cheese burgers weren't BAD necessarily,  I was very underwhelmed. For a burger truck, I was hoping to get a phenomenal burger, but the bun was the heaviest part. It was just kind of bland and nothing more.
5 This review is strictly for their freshly prepared Agua Frescas..../ Drinks! OOOOOHH WEE they were delicious! Drinks have huge pieces of fruit in them... and are $5.00 each. If you return the mason jar they give you $1 back! Can't wait to go back and try the rest! Perfect for a hot Phoenix day!
5 Now, that's Amore! This one of my favorite food trucks. The Bacon Bison Cheddar Burger is delish and the guy taking orders is really friendly and a lot of fun. I'll be back to visit them again next Food Truck Friday.
4 This has probably been my favorite food truck experience in Phoenix yet.  This is a burger truck, so don't go here unless you want a burger, but they have a variety of burgers to please all but the pickiest of eaters.  Start with a basic cheese burger with american cheese, or go for a chicken burger if eating cows isn't your thing.  They also have bison burgers, and a wide variety of pre-configured toppings, or create-your-own!  I had a California Avocado Burger (check out the picture I uploaded) which was a very respectable burger.  It was cooked medium-well, with thick slices of avocado and bacon on top, a nice spring mix, and no onion (you have to keep your breath fresh for those after-food-truck-lunch rendezvous).  I can't comment on the fries, but the burger was filling, fresh, and delicious.  The guy running the truck was also friendly and efficient, which I appreciate!
