4 Love this place and this is the newest location here in wonderful Boca Park!  This one is larger than most of the other Paneras and the staff is extra friendly.  Other than that, the menu is the same as all Paneras.  We love the bread bowls, sandwiches and acai berry iced tea.
4 This place is new to boca park.  i love it because it is closer to my job (i think) than the one on lake mead and 95.  the downside is parking.  good luck.  panera is right next to total wine and rei. this parking lot is always full.  so get ready to do some searching, parking spots and few and far between.  other than that i am totally happy with this location. the staff is friendly and my food usually comes out pretty quickly.  i go on my lunch break so i have to try and get lucky with timing.  if not, it is busy (understandably so) and might take a while to get in and out.  that does not deter my desire to go here.  the food is delicious, i like the mypanera card they are doing now, and the seating is really nice. (i think the one on lake mead might be bigger, though).
4 They have really good sandwiches and offer chips, apple or bread as a side.  I love their paninis too.  This was my first time at this location. I told my parents how good they were and took them there while they were in town.  But unfortunately they messed up all of our orders and we all got a sandwich other than what we ordered.  It was frustrating but we didn't say anything because we were hungry and didn't want to wait any longer. I hope the next experience will be a better one.
3 This Panera just opened and is in a prime location in Boca Park.  I'm no stranger to Panera, having made many visits during my time as a grad student back east.  The "you pick 2" deal is always satisfying (pick any combo of a half sandwich, soup, or salad) and for an extra $0.99, you can add on a cookie.  The baked goods are on the dry side, which is a little disappointing, and the tea selection can use a few more herbal options.  Service was friendly, if a bit slow (staff was mainly comprised of what looked like high school students??), but overall, Panera is a cheaper -- and slightly more nutritious -- alternative to Cheesecake Factory, Gordon Biersch, Kona, etc.
4 Panera Bread is the newest addition to dining choices in Boca Park. This location provides some very comfortable seating. There are several dining areas with various seating options such booths small and large tables. The decorations are pleasing and the background music fits right in. There are 2 outdoor patios with umbrellas. On our visit there was no line at the counter and once we placed the order the food was delivered to our table in less than 5 minutes. Great service with a smile. The dining room was almost filled to capacity. Depending on your level of hunger there are a number of choices, soups, salads, sandwiches. We had the French Onion soup which was very good with a nice sweetness to the onions. Also the chicken caesar salad and turkey sandwich are winners. This location continues Panera Breads tradition.
4 Gotta love Panera's pick 2!! Definetely try the baked potato soup!! I love Panera. From their addicting pastries to the yummy sandwiches, it's always a hit. like the chill atmosphere here too; you can come inside and study or get some work done (FREE WI-FI!). The employees at this Panera are awesome! Super friendly and helpful! :)
4 I like the new Panera Bread bakery at Boca Park . Service is good, bread consistent with freshness and taste , very clean , reasonable price, excellent ambiance and location! You should try all the bagels ,bread and pastries. Sooo good!!!
4 Great little breakfast spot. Clean, big, and has a friendly, helpful staff. The sausage and gouda soufle was delish!
3 I went here with my mother and father in law. We really didn't know what to expect if it was like a subway or if it was something else. We were greeted warmly and were helped with a selection of sandwich we wanted. Well I wish I could give a honest review of the meal but they so happened to mess up the entire order. I'm not sure how it was done but needless to say it was. So someday I hope to go back and give a more solid review of the food.
1 So, I've read reviews and heard nice things about Panera Bread. I happened to be at Boca so popped in to read whilst sipping cappuccino. A blueberry scone called my name as I waited in line.  Guy at the counter: is that for here or to go?  Me: here.  Him: do you have a Panera Bread card? Me: No.  Him: Want one? Me: Suuuure! (Because of what I'd heard I thought I'd be back...why not?) Him: Oh, we don't have any.  Me: (still standing there smiling gormlessly in a pregnant pause having paid and been given my scone on a cheap plastic plate) Umm...a cappuccino? Him: Oh, that's around the corner. (Why not tell me so as you hand me my scone?)  Around the corner. Woman makes two cappuccinos and takes them out to a table. I stand there smiling awaiting my capp. Guy asks if he can help me. Yup. I ordered a cappuccino. Oh, she will bring it out to your table (really? How would she even know it was mine?). Ok. Cool.  A few minutes later the girl shouts "cappuccino!" I walk back to the counter to find that she had made it in a paper cup to go. Her dour expression made me think that if she smiled, her face would crack. I said it was for here. No apology, only a half-hearted offer to make another. Her tone conveyed apathy. I decided not to trouble her any further by asking her to correct the order.   The decor is cheap and ugly. The piped music is hell-invokingly awful on a cheap sound system. The scone was kinda dry ('Bucks do a much yummier scone). Some of the service was mediocre, verging on unpleasant. Me no gusta. I can't think what the fuss about Panera Bread is, and this branch seems terribly out of place in amongst the nicer places this end of Boca.   Maybe they just had an off day, and we can't know what people are going through, but simple smiles in the service industry can go a long way...they might even have made me consider returning despite the general unpleasantness of the monstrously decorated space, terrible sound system, baaaad music, and mediocre scone. Nah, maybe not...
1 Service is terrible.  Incident #1  There was this lady in street clothes, probably the manager, at the counter. We walked up looking at the menus high up and we heard "How are you?" out loud. So, I said "oh, how are you?" She replied " Oh, I was talking to them." pointing at the ladies by the front doors.  Incident #2  I was getting some cream for my Iced coffee and there was no half and half left. As I was shaking the pitcher of 1/2 and 1/2, a female worker was stocking napkins right next to me. She looked at me and I looked at her, and I shake the next pitcher, empty as well. She just kept doing her thing and looking at me without a word or an acknowledgment.  Incident #3   As we were browsing for tables, there was a lot of tables around but very few clean ones. We had to settle for a cleaner table. Next, we spent 20 minutes there and never saw a worker cleaning tables.
4 I have been a long standing Panera fan and customer. I enjoy their fresh baked sweets and breads. I think for the price you are much better off buying bread from Panera than so called better quality bread in the store...lets face it nothing beats fresh bread!   This store is a good store and nicely situated in Boca Park. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful however, I have to admit I don't like the counter lay-out (sometimes the staff is around the corner and you have to seek them out), the staff needs a little more training (I bought bread and the clerk didn't know how to bag it) and they need to work a little harder to keep the place clean.   But overall I enjoy Panera and think the staff is very nice.
4 I personally Love Panera their food is different and tasty, Love the steak sandwich at breakfast, Frozen caramels are delicious and staff is great!
1 I visited this location on 3/8/2013. The experience was ok. It was my first time at Panera and the only reason I decided to go was because my pregnant wife wanted something simple. (I personally prefer Jason's Deli which just happens to be around the corner). We went and ordered the chipotle chicken sandwich and the roasted turkey artichoke sandwich along with a cheese and broccoli soup. The soup was great and the chipotle chicken sandwich was decent. However my wife did not have such a great experience as she had to literally order her sandwich 3 times before they somewhat got it right. There was also no customer service as she had to keep going to the cooking line herself to get the correct sandwich and take the wrong one back plenty of workers saw her going back and forth. It's not hard to miss a pregnant lady and not one worker offered to try and rectify the issue. I will not be returning to this establishment..
4 Love love love their tomato soup and usually - everything else I order as well. The new Spinach Power salad was just OK - weird dressing in my opinion. But this branch is as nice as the other ones, and the service was great.
4 I had NO idea this Panera was even open. We parked in the back (by the Boca valet area) and wondered why the entrance wasn't marked very well, turns out their is a lovely grand entrance in the front.   The guy taking our order was very pleasant, he suckered us into adding a desert for $.99 (well, it wasn't really suckering, I never say no to sweets!). The store was clean, the food (Frontega Chicken & Caesar Salad) was great, as it always is with Panera. My husband ordered the pasta Bolognese, the smaller portion, and smaller it was. It wasn't very fulfilling for the price, but it was still good.   Overall $25 for two meals, two drinks and dessert is a bit steep when we can spend the same amount and get more food elsewhere. But I am glad to see another Panera in my neighborhood!
1 Worst service I've had in a long time. I usually love Panera but this time the food was bland and the servings were smaller than usual. I waited for 15 minutes for someone to make my drink when there were 3 people behind the counter doing absolutely nothing. Next time, go to a different Panera.
4 I used to frequently visit the Panera Bread on Fort Apache and Tropicana. I loved the casual setting and even more so was satisfied with the food.   When I found out that a Panera Bread was opening up in Boca Park, I was ecstatic! Another option on the list for a hang out/eatery in the area made me a happy gal. I went on a lazy Sunday late afternoon to meet and dine with a friend. The restaurant itself is huge with lots of seating. Lots and lots of it, it's twice the size of the one on Fort Apache and Tropicana. They also have an outside patio area for customers to use.   I always get the You Pick Two deal which include any two from their soups, half a salad or half a sandwich. Depending on the salad or the sandwich, this deal will run you about $8-$10. I got their Spinach Power salad (mushrooms, egg, onions, bacon and spinach in an onion vinaigrette) and French Onion Soup with a side of bread. Portions were good and tasted delicious.   This place has free wifi! So if you're looking for a hangout spot, a study spot, a grub spot, or just a spot to sit and stare, this is the place! I really appreciate that this place popped up here because there are a lot of instances where I would have to turn away from Sambalatte because there wouldn't be anywhere to sit to get some work done! I'm not saying Panera is my second option to Sambalatte, but I'm glad I now have another option.
4 I live way out in 'old' Henderson, literally the last exit off the freeway before Boulder City, but I drive my son to baseball practice at Bruce Trent Park, off Rampart in Summerlin. In my attempt to be less of a hermit, I'm attempting to explore this 'new' area instead of sitting in the car for 2 hours during practice.   Boca Park is becoming my favorite. As a Mom, it's rare to get free/alone time, and my 2 'free' hours when my son has baseball practice has become my excitement during the week day. I explore Boca, grab a coffee and roam stores. The store roaming every Tuesday hasn't been nice to my wallet, so I thought I'd try the 'have a meal and catch up on some reading'. Panera has become my haven.   Employees are always friendly, my favorite creamy tomato soup is always warm and tasty, and no one bothers me when I sit for an hour and a half, with an empty plate of food and my nose in a book.    Thank you for opening a Panera in Boca Park. Fresh bread dipped in creamy soup, and sometimes a sweet treat for an extra 99 cents is just what I need every now and then. Perfect prices, atmosphere, and location.
4 Panera is one of my favorite places to eat. When it first opened, it was hard to find a parking spot, but now it's not SO bad. Boca Park is always busy, so parking is usually an issue, but it's cleared up a lot since it opened last year. The food can be a little inconsistent at times. Everytime I've gotten an apple as my side, it feels like it's on it's last day, it's kinda mushy and just not very tasty. Once in a while, the lettuce doesn't seem super fresh either. But for the most part, everything I get is delicious. My favorite sandwich is the asiago roast beef, without horseradish, and I've never been disappointed. All of their soup is great, too.  Sometimes the service is also inconsistent. One day a cashier will be very friendly, the next day they seem a little distracted and impatient, not necessarily rude though. The food does come out quick, which is great for my lunch breaks. Overall, I'm really happy with this location and come for lunch often!
3 This Panera Bread has its good points and its bad points.  If you are a big fan of decaf iced coffee, this location almost always has it available.  I have yet to find another location of this chain that even has it at all.  The dining room is huge, as is the case with most Panera's.  Easy to get my crazy big stroller in and out.    Unfortunately, the food can be a little inconsistent.  I usually get the sausage, egg & cheese panini.  Here, sometimes it rocks my world and other times it is not so good.  Not sure what is going on there.  Also, once I bought a coffee and the cashier forgot to give me the cup, as it is serve yourself.  When I went back to get the cup, he actually questioned whether I bought coffee, in a very accusatory manner, and asked to see my receipt.  Never in my life has that happened.  It was kind of awkward.  They have a cute loyalty program where customers scan their cards and can get random rewards.  It's unpredictable but I find it kind of fun.  Free wifi, too!
4 This Panera Bread is the biggest location I have ever seen. The staff was friendly. The restaurant was super clean and our food was delivered to us fast. Not to mention, my specialty order was taken seriously.   I will be coming back here more often.
3 Mm this Panera Bread is so lovely. Needed a place to work outside of the apartment with wi-fi that I could also grab lunch at, and Panera Bread came to mind. Ordered a 2-combo meal, creamy tomato soup and Asian sesame chicken salad along with a raspberry tea drink. I thought the price was pretty steep; ended up paying around $10-11 for the meal. It also wasn't anything special.  The atmosphere was really nice, however, and it was pretty busy. I was able to sit down and get work done at this restaurant using their wi-fi. It was quick and free, so who can really complain?
4 This is one my wife's new favorites.  Most everything on the menu is tasty.  I was not a fan of their baked desserts,  but the soups, salads, and sandwiches are delicious every time we go.
3 I'll leave my review at 3 stars for now.  This was my first visit to a Panera Bread to get sandwiches for dinner.  We needed a break from getting subs at different places and I chose to try something new.  This location opened recently.  It makes where I live about halfway between to Panera's but I decided to try this one.  Service was great at the counter, but the wait seemed long for the take out until I realized they had a number of people eating in who had ordered just before I got there.  I brought the sandwiches home and they were very good.  My wife had their Cuban chicken panini and I had the signature Steak and white cheddar.  They were both very good.  My panini had a fair kick from the horseradish spread on the sandwich.  With the sandwiches, I opted for the small bag of chips for each of us.  The order was packaged really nice in two small cardboard boxes.  My only complaint with this is there's really no way to tell which sandwich is which unless you peel back some of the bread to reveal the contents.  Some places put a numbered sticker on their sandwiches to match the items on your receipt.  The boxes at Panera have a place you could write the name.  I sent a suggestion to HQ and the responded that they'd look into it.  I'll return and I think I'll eat in.  The dining room is very nice and there's outdoor seating for when it's cooler.
4 Yelp 100 Challenge * 80/100  Had an early dinner here with a friend on Friday.   I've been wanting to try this place for a few months now and got to the location well before my friend did. Thanks to Panera's free wi-fi, the wait did not seem long and before I knew it, we were lined up to get our order.  Taking from my last Panera experience, I stuck with the 'you pick two' option and got myself half a sierra turkey sandwich and broccoli cheddar soup with a side of chips. My friend got herself a mediterranean sandwich with french onion soup plus an apple. We were both given an order number/tracking device that would help staff locate our table when they served our munchies to us.   Mid-way through our meal, my friend realized her taste buds were being tempted at the sight of my chips. So she called on to the bus boy and asked if she could have her apple exchanged. He immediately brought some to our table and when we signaled to hand back the apple, he went 'naw, you can keep it!'  The food was scrumptious and it beat a lot of fast-food joints. Definitely the healthier option - beware In-N-Out - at a reasonable price. I always find it a great place to chit-chat with girlfriends. This location is about a two minute walk away from Sambalatte so you know where to run to if that tea/coffee craving kicks in.
3 Nice location, large eating area. Very friendly staff and always, food came out fast. Wasn't too thrilled with the roast beef sandwich however. Even with the horseradish which must've been the weakest stuff around, it was a bland sandwich. I've had other sandwiches at other locations that were much better so I'm not saying this location sucks, it's just this particular day, this sandwich sucked! Tomato bisque (creamy they called it) was tasty, wasn't really hot enough. Good thing for the incredible baguette to save the day!
4 Management is amazing. Everytime I walk in they always great me. When I am eating they come up to me and ask me if I need anything and ask how is the food. A very positive up beat environment. I eat a lot of dinners there.
5 Been coming here for about a 2 months. I don't eat here so far. Just do the coffee and work on my computer. I like that I can refill when I want. Also the crew here is very attentive to clearing tables immediately. Best part, I can stay as long as I like. Usually 2 hours.  Also like the over head music, different, edgy at times. Eg. right now they are playing "All I Want" by Kodaline!
5 One of my favorites to grab a quick bite. I am giving them 5 Stars and it tells it all. Recommending!
3 I have been to this location several times and it has been usually okay.   The service when they take my order has either been great or rude.  Sometimes, they are looking somewhere else or looking at people coming into the restaurant. This girl was not making any eye-contact with me and I can't even hear anything she is saying.  She seemed so distracted at everything else.   The food is usually served pretty quickly.  I always order the chipotle chicken and i always like it cause they taste the same every Panera location I go to.  My sister-in-law ordered one of the pastas and it tasted so horrible! The pasta was so chewy and it tasted like those middle-school lunches in the cafeteria.  It was just awful.  The baguette is usually a miss for me. Sometimes its soft and taste like it just came out of the oven and most of the time it is hard and tasted old. Also, I ordered chicken caesar salad that was probably the only thing that tasted good and fresh.   Anyways, panera has a variety of selections you can choose from and there is something for everyone.  This location is really big compared to other panera locations in las vegas.
4 Wonderful addition to boca park guys. I thought the staff was very friendly and the aptmosphere was great. All of my food was fresh, and as for all the slow comments...... ITS NOT FAST FOOD. go to relax
4 This place ultimately my favorite spot to chill in after a 10 mi trail hike @angel park, just in time for my brunch, i love the freshness of the food, cozy and laibback atmosphere, and of course the Free WiFi! ;) i commend the staffs, who not only very accommodating but knowledgeable on the menu as well. A must-go place, should try it out!;)
4 This paneer location has the worst parking ever. I constantly see people from other restaurants parking here and it just annoys me.   On the non bitching side, the employees here are always friendly, patient (since I can never decide in a timely manner), and efficient. My large orders are done in less than ten.  Mind you the soups an sandwiches are mind blowing delicious. Always the perfect app for lunch or fall weather. Love that they give you a small side choice of bread, kettle chips or apple. Such decisions!  Panera you shall be seeing me more!
4 Oh Panera Bread.  I haven't eaten at a Panera Bread in a decade, long before I moved to Vegas.  Saturday, I did a Breast Cancer walk, and the parking for the walk was in the same development as Panera.   I had originally wanted to go to an egg works or something, but my friend and I saw Panera, and decided to eat there, since it was so close, and we were ravenous.    The staff was super friendly, and patient.    The wait wasn't really that long, either...I anticipated having to wait a while, they were getting busy from the walk participants, and its not a "fast food" restaurant, so I was pleasantly surprised.   I had the Asiago, Bacon and Egg sandwich, served on an Asiago bagel.  It was piping hot, and SO DELICIOUS!!!  I would definitely order it again.    My friend had the Asian Chicken salad, and the Asiago roast beef sandwich.  They both were awesome.  Really really flavorful.  I would definitely come back here again. It was clean, open, and the staff was great.  The food was amazing.  Highly recommended.
5 Another great location. The service was friendly and fast. The place was also clean and well kept. This location has one of the better patio/outdoor seating areas I've encountered. Another plus is it's location at Boca Park, which in my opinion is one of the nicest areas in the city. Highly recommend.
4 Great service great location. The food consistent as other locations as 4 stars. Would be nice it the patio had more trees bit it doesn't. Patio a bit too close to traffic.
5 I'm liking this place a lot. First, the in house music. New, Hip. More than just background camo. Tables always available (Mornings) Their Asiago cheese bagels way better than Einsteins. Coffee refills till your wiring is all fried! My one complaint is the WiFi. Maybe it's just my Mac. Difficult to get on. I sometime piggy back off Total Wine next door.  (Panera Wi-Fi just kicked in.) Still a five star.
2 First off. The food was very good, worth 4-5 stars for price and quality.  The service was 3 stars. The low grade is for the cleanliness. No table had been wiped and many were covered in spilled food. The kitchens were very messy. There were empty boxes, used rubber gloves, food, paper towels all over the floor. The counters were a mess as well. The restaurant wasn't so busy or overwhelmed either.  The place was a little over half full. They really need to clean up.
2 Cold soup and absolutely filthy conditions - those are really the highlights.    I will say that the food here is usually above average, but this particular location is entirely skippable.  If you do try it, get it "to go" because you'll stick to the seats if you don't.  Unless your kitchen at home is dirtier, then feel free to enjoy the slime here.  Also, if it's helpful, there are no functioning highchairs when we visited.
4 Enjoying lunch @Panera today!  Autumn squash soup was hot and amazing. Also had their roast turkey wheat berry salad YUM!  Staff is friendly, dining room is clean, and nice. Thank you Panera for a great lunch!
3 Strange layout to this Panera in Boca park - almost seems backward if you enter from one side and featuring a long layout instead of the typical open design of most Panera locations in Las Vegas and back in Ohio I just cannot see the point of visiting this location very often when Sambalatte is just down the way.  Free Wi-Fi is fine and freely refilled coffee is okay too, but there isn't really anything here I'm going to eat so in that case I'd sooner stay home and use my own internet while drinking better coffee.
2 Absolutely love Panera Bread, but this place is not so good. In the beginning, I come here every single morning. Employees were kind, the coffee were fresh and steaming hot, it was like heaven. After a couple of months that started to fade away. The employees were grumpy and rude, the service was horrible, and the coffee were cold and nasty. It was just bad. I stopped going there and started going to the on Fort Apache. Go there instead, the employees are extremely nice and helpful and the pastries and coffee were fresh. So, if you want delicious pastries, bread, food, coffee ... Go to the one on Fort Apache.
5 This location is nice quiet and clean. Employees are extremely courteous. Although parking here can be very difficult due to the numerous businesses in this location there is an underground parking structure but who wants to park there right?   Coffee is pretty decent here and my 7 year old loves the cookies here.
5 I went here for the first time with friends the other day and must say I was surprised I haven't tried this place sooner!  Cafe prices for the food here. It's not a cheap place for a sandwich if you are comparing to a Subway, but the flavor and quality of food is as good as it gets in my opinion. I went to Panera TWICE (different locations) and food was served consistently. Cashiers know their menu and helped me choose my items. Paninis were crispy, warm, and loaded with chicken. YUMMY  I ordered Pick 2 which runs about $7.95 (I think). Choosing a "Signature" option will add $1 to the combo. French Onion soup and the Frontega Chicken, which is a signature option. Worth it. It's $1 cheaper than a lunch combo of sandwich and soup/salad at other places like Yard House anyway.  Feeling fancy for breakfast or brunch but dont' want to go to a sit down, menu type of restaurant? Go Panera instead :]
2 Not going to let one person ruin my Panera experience. The service of this place was not up to Panera standards. The person who was bringing food to the table clearly seemed unconvinced when I asked for a missing item --- just changed my mind and I am giving this place 2 stars. The location, not the brand. The restrooms were absolutely filthy! You think they would do a better job keeping the restrooms clean, but no. It was very challenging to take my son to the restroom. I hope this place gets back on track with the brand. Shameful.
3 Ah Panera! Always loved Panera but for some reason this location was a let down. The pastry I had which was the same I get from other Panera's was a bit dry. The coffee is as good and fresh as ever. The service? well, their cashiers need a bit more education about their menu and also needs to clean up their counter spaces just a little bit better. I'll give them another try being that it's the location closest to me. Don't let me down next time Panera at Boca Park.
3 For some reason there is an abundance of children at this place. I usually go to Henderson Panera but I didn't have time to wait in line. Some parent right now  is taking a pic to show the mess the kid is making bc he thinks it's cute. I had to wipe down my own table and seat. I gave it  3stars bc the salad I was craving was consistent at this location.
1 Today was my first visit to this location. It seemed like everyone was unhappy to be at work today. The smiles were forced and not genuine after I made comments about the lack of smiles and friendliness.   My meal was served to the wrong table. Customers were serving themselves because no one was delivering food in a timely manner. It seemed disorganized and like everyone was off.   The $6 breakfast sandwich was extremely poor value. The hot chocolate was served with whipped cream instead if the chocolate chip marshmallows as depicted on the menu. We had to ask for our ordered items twice as several others received their items prior to us even though we ordered before them.  When I asked the woman to heat up my cinnamon roll, she told me to do it myself in the microwave. $2.99 for a cinnamon roll that I have to heat myself? Ok not the end of the world but poor customer service
4 Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 28/100  Panera has become a regular a Mother-Daughter hangout spot over the past year even if it's a little out of our way.   There's just something intimate about eating at a cute sandwich place with Mommy. It brings about good conversations and sets a good mood for the rest of the day. Like always, we choose the 'you pick two' option but frequently switch up our pairing. Yesterday, I ordered the Frontega Chicken Panini (chopped basil, chipotle sauce, red onions and chicken fillet on foccacia bread) with cheddar broccoli soup (my favorite) while mommy ordered the Turkey Breast Sandwich with French Onion Soup. On top of it, we shared a couple packets of chips to go with the meal.  Service was very fast despite a large crowd. Our orders arrived on our tables within 3-5 minutes of waiting. They provide their diners with an electronic table locator which helps staff navigate their way through the restaurant, finding customers who change seats. Water cups are free with ample supply of lemon slices and shaded outdoor seating is available for the warm spring months. There's jazz music playing in the background and blinds lowered for when the sun is high up during the afternoon hours.   I don't remember a Panera experience where I didn't enjoy. Props also to the staff for being so patient with me and my bestie about a month back when we stayed for 3 hours or so making origami boxes for her sister-in-law. We are definitely coming back here more often in the near future.
4 I come to Panera often for lunch. I either go to this location or to the one on Lake Mead. One of their salads and a tropical hibiscus Ice tea is what I usually order. The bakery Is also pretty good with a nice selection to choose from. The store is clean, food is served up quickly, ingredients are fresh and most of the staff are friendly.
5 I don't understand how this location only has 3 1/2 stars. If your complaining about the service folks, let me remind you Panera Bread is a fast food chain. The healthiest one too by review. My experience today is my first at this location and I'll admit I feel as if I'm dining at a 5 star restaurant. Super friendly staff, the guy who delivered my food, checked back later to make sure the food was to my liking. The restaurant was clean and the food was fresh and I felt very much as if I were eating at home  this is my now my go to location! Enjoy y'all!
