5 Had the original flavor both condensed milk glaze with mango pudding (by recommendation of the owners), red bean, and topped off with almonds. It was awesome!  Next time I'm going to have to try taro ice, with mochi & crushed almond cookies which looked amazing.  The place is beautifully decorated with a new aged modern Asian-American feel. I'm going to be a regular there very easily
5 Heard about this place from a friend who had tried to come here before it was open. Of course I had to beat her there and try it first because I'm selfish like that ;)  It was REALLY GOOD! I had the Thai tea with strawberries and condensed milk glaze. Great combo, and I'm excited to try the other combinations they have as well! The shaved ice isnt like traditional crappy american shaved iced that you get at fairs and kids birthday parties, it's creamy. Probably closer to an ice cream, but def lighter than an ice cream. You know, I'm not explaining this very well... You should just go in and try it, you won't regret it. :)  The store is really nice inside, great branding, love the logo (I'm a graphic designer, can you tell?)... Also, everyone was very nice and helpful.   There are also free stickers, so that's good. Definitely try this place out! Ill be going back, especially since I live right next to it (score!).
5 "Snoh way anything frozen can taste this good!"    Selfishly I don't want to recommend this place because of the possibility of making this so popular that I worry that there wouldn't be enough supply for my demand.  However my rating would suffice in this easy recommendation.  One of the easiest description to this would be frozen cotton candy.  The uncanny fluffiness to this desert marvel topped with fruit toppings and condensed milk is a taste you'll be back for more. This is simply a no-brainer during 115 degree weather, but the shaved ice is a treat you worth having even during cold days of Arizona.  Though I haven't tried the Snoh drinks, I would give it a try at my next stop.    Service is friendly and they make good recommendations.  The place with it's trendy decor, Instagram artwork and Flat screen TVs adds to your visual stimulation as you wait for your desert.  I would opt for the large size in a dish with split flavors with original and something you're willing to try.    My only hope is that my fantastic review doesn't get lost in the "filtered" black hole of reviews for the site.  If you find this useful, funny, or cool please check accordingly.
5 After a friend of mine went there that morning and said it was good, I had to go try it for myself.  All four of us had different flavors and toppings, we were all very impress with it.  The place is hip and the servers very friendly.  I'm ready to go back for more, wish they were closer to where I live.   Def will be going back soon.
5 Okay, so I have now been to Snoh Ice Shavery 3 times in 4 days, the first was the night before their grand opening, then their grand opening and then 2 days later! I have brought friends and family with me since my first visit!   It is genius; really genius to open up a new, delicious yet very unique dessert eatery in HOT Phoenix!   Snoh Ice is basically a light, flavored creamy ice that has been thinly shaved to a fluffy consistency, to which one can add different toppings like fresh fruit, tapioca balls, chewy flavored mochi, flavored puddings, and a sweet glaze of your choice. The great thing about this is that the basic concept is something we are all familiar with, but at every step, we are given exotic choices, to expand our taste buds' horizons (ie. strawberry or taro Snoh ice? Mango fruit or green tea mochi? Condensed milk or black sesame glaze?) Seriously, Genius.  Having grown up in the San Gabriel Valley of SoCal (where the owners are from), I have had my fair share of shaved ice and entering this place transports me back to my childhood home!! Great job, Snoh! I will be back again in 2 days, with more friends in tow, because everyone needs to know that you guys have arrived!!
5 Wonderful little shop. Staff is amazingly kind and helpful. I had never tried anything like their shaved ice cream, but it was wonderfully delicious and fluffy. I would definitely recommend trying it out.
5 Everyone who has reviewed this place already wrote really good descriptions of the shaved ice, so I won't repeat that. I'll just say that I like the variety they have for flavors of shaved ice and for toppings. I had the Thai tea shaved ice with red beans and lychee jelly toppings, glazed with condensed milk. I kind of want to go back to get the same thing because it was so good, but I also want to branch out and try other things. #firstworldproblems. In addition to the shaved ice they also serve boba drinks.  I'm happy to see this place having so much popularity in its first week. I hope the success continues!
5 How I see Arizona as a Californian..  "Oh hey, they have corn hole every where."  On top of that..  - Scorching hot temperatures - Not enough quality Asian food.. :(   How I see Arizona as a Californian, after visiting Snoh Ice.. - Scorching hot temperatures.. until the flooded gates of Snoh Ice opens @ 12pm  - Not enough quality Asian food.. until I had my first taste of their Thai tea Snoh (MY FAVE!!!!!!) and chewy warm boba (SERIOUSLY?! IN ARIZONA?!? i expected hard, amatuer boba, but don't let their location fool YOU! SURPRISE!!!!!! DELICIOUS BOBA IS HERE!!!!!).  Everything I've tried at Snoh was a hit..  Their fruit ice teas with Boba.. So goood! Thai ice tea with Boba.. SOOOOO GOOOD! Taro Snoh, Thai Tea Snoh, Green Tea Snoh, MOCHI! FRESH FRUITS!! OMG OREOS!! GLAZE?!? WHAT'S GLAZE??! BLACK SESAME?! OOOOH! CHOCOLATE? CARAMEL?! OMG CONDENSED MILK?! CAN I JUST DRINK THEM ALL!??  I'm now back in California and am scratching my neck as speak, I think I'm addicted to their "snoh"....  and yes, we do have plenty of snoh ice like places in LA, but these snoh guys have got it down to a science.. perfect texture & taste.. like no other!   must try!!!
5 I was in AZ for a family gathering and passed by this place. I was interested because it said 'Snoh'. I immediately pictured Taiwanese shaved ice in my head. Gave it a try and little did I know, it tasted better than I had expected. :)  We went there during their grand opening on Saturday around 11-11:30am. They had Lion Dancer's and DJ set up. That was pretty cool, the lion dancers made two performaces. The line was out the door after 5-10 minutes of opening. I was amazed! I have never seen a dessert place this packed. My initial reaction when I walked in was wow! WOW this place looks amazing and has very very nice decor (wish this store was in CA). It looks very upscale compare to some stores and restaurants in AZ. It had a nice ambiance and a variety of different crowds.  I didn't even feel like I was in AZ... It was kind of upscale and hipster-ish at the same time. They have this very cool canvas poster on the wall with customers holding snoh stickers. They also had another wall with cool photos! The owners remind me of young, hip, and trendy people. It's awesome inside.  Their staff is very friendly and helpful. There was quite a few employees that day and  I assume they were family and friends. The girl at the front desk was helpful and made some recommendations. She recommended I try the black sesame glaze (I FELL IN LOVE)..   I ordered a few different ones to try. I had Taro Snoh (purple) with Coconut Mochi balls with Black Sesame glazing. OMG it was so good. The Snoh literally melted in my mouth. Next I had the Thai Tea with Boba and condensed milk. I should have ordered a large for my self. I couldn't get enough... It is SOOOOOOO goood!!!!!! They also sell drinks. Their Thai Tea with Boba was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!!! It's rich and creamy. It definitely hit the spot for me. Not to mention their boba was super super super soft... (I heard some other customers say that there are no good boba places in AZ, i guess this is the place to go....For a second I thought I was in CA. This store definitely has authenticity when it comes to their recipes. You might also want to try their Almond Milk Tea with boba of course ... They also offer other milk tea drinks: Taro and House blend also some peach strawberry and passion fruit tea.   They also have freee wifi!!!! Ain't that awesome??? All you have to do is ask for the password.. I LOVE this place. I can't wait to go back. I am sure this place will do well with those scorching and burning weathers during the summer!!!
5 Sunday, May 5th, green tea ice with condensed milk topped with green tea mochi & red bean.  The green tea was really refreshing and tasted like green tea. Mochi was chewy with red bean made exactly how I like it.    Monday, May 6th - original and taro with condensed milk, red bean, black sesame.  This combo wasn't my favorite.  The black sesame sounded better than it was for me.  The original with condensed milk was the classic, tasted so creamy and so good.    Friday, May 10 - It was a busy night.  There was a long line and one cash register.  They might want to consider opening another cash register to handle the weekend crowd.  I think I found my favorite combo.  It's the Thai tea with condensed milk and red bean.  Thai tea unbelievable, highly recommend!  A friend suggested to try the almond milk tea with almond pudding.  I love almond milk tea but never had it with almond pudding.  A lot of places make this tea way too sweet.  This drink was made perfectly!  I think I have an addiction now. I do not need an intervention yet, because I will be returning soon to mix more combos. =)
5 This is such a cool hang out spot. Love the awesome atmosphere. Has a great and comfortable decor. Now about the shaved ice, a dessert like no other I have ever had. It's hard to explain what it is but I know is one of the best unique desserts I have ever had. My favorite so far is the strawberry shaved ice with almond cookie topping! If you're looking for something to keep you cool during the summer or all year around this is the perfect place to go! Check them out!
3 You can play games here. It's a fun place to hang out while you eat dessert after eating at Cherry Blossom Cafe next door.  It definitely has some good flavors! Try it! I didn't see a lion dancer in the store. They should have one on request. That would be awesome.
5 It's thee Bomb.com/.org/.net!! xD
5 one word: AMAZING. Pretty soon this will be replacing fro-yo places. $3.75 for a small is pretty decent. I tried 3 different flavors. Taro-Lychee and Black Sesame, Thai Tea-Green Tea Mochi and Black Sesame, Strawberry-Strawberry Mochi, Almond Cookies and Condensed Milk. The best was the Taro. Such a different flavor and flavorful. The Thai tea was good but probably goes better with sweeter flavors. And the strawberry was ok but it wasn't so creamy, it was more icy than creamy.  The place is pretty trendy. and has games to play, sofa and its right next to Cherry Blossom and Oregano's, two of my favorite restaurants. Skip dessert there and come here.
5 Lunch adventure today- Snoh Ice Shavery in Phoenix.  My name twin's sorority sister opened up this shop and she wanted me to come tag along with her to check the place out.  When you first walk in, you notice how modern and trendy this place is.  The tables and floors are nice and clean.   There were so many options to choose from! This was my combination; Small: green tea, mango pudding with sweetened condensed milk.  Simply put,  AMAZEBALLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!!!!!!!!  When I ordered he took my name and even said it again after giving me my change.  I can see this place as a hangout spot and the owners/workers knowing you on a first name bases.  In turn, would make customers for life.   Consistency is accurately described as fluffy.  It is not heavy at all. Do you really think I could eat a small regular ice cream by myself? Three bites into eating regular ice cream would be having me running the bathroom. I am full Vietnamese ok?, which means of course I am sentenced with a life time full of non-dairy products and have to eat basically everything lactose free. However, I had to try this out, even if I get the bubble guts. GUESS WHAT?! It didn't hurt my stomach at all. I ate the whole thing too.  The question is... would I come back and the answer is uh, Hell yes! They need to open up a shop on the East side.   I also took a sticker, I am putting it on my baby's little coupe car and will post the picture soon :)
4 apparently this is a california staple, and it just opened here in the valley. via a friend, we popped in after dinner last night. our friend was having a difficult time explaining the texture of this new fangled ice treat, we just had to experience it ourselves.   basically, it's like airy ice crystals....like cold cotton candy texture. it's light and fluffy and airy and really good! from what i understand, its flavored ice that is shaved....not shaved ice with flavor added. anyway, it's not crunchy like ice crystals or shaved ice....it's smooth but not like ice cream or custard or yogurt. really, you just have to try it.  at the counter, you order one of about a dozen base flavors. i opted for taro, but there are many tradtional flavors. then you opt for one topping for a small, 2 for a medium, 3 for a large, or pay extra for extra toppings. then you get a glaze. the most popular at the moment seemed to be sesame seed, but i chose condensed milk and kiwi as my topping.   it was a surprise. i thought the taro would be more tart, but it really wasn't. then with the creamy sweetness of the condensed milk, it was a delicious sweet melt-a-thon on a hot summers evening. my only complaint was that they were a little stingy on the glaze, so if you eat the top portion of your treat, there is no glaze left to enjoy for the remainder of the dessert. our friend went back to the counter and asked for more glaze which they obliged.   a new way to cool off in the valley and a nice change from all the yogurt shops.
2 Snoh has an interesting product. It's very mild and subtle. Now that I've been there twice and watched the guys crank out their desserts at a rate of about one every two to three minutes I find the establishment too frustrating to patronize again. It sucks to watch your friends finish their dessert before yours arrives and then have them look bored while you eat yours.   Your subtle, understated product seems empty, flavorless and overpriced to me now.
4 What a cool concept! Not ice cream, not a slush, but more of a snow....or snoh. Choose your flavored snow, a topping, and a glaze (which is essentially a drizzle) on top. The menu isn't overwhelming with too many choices, which can be intimidating when you're trying something new. What they do have though, is really interesting. Taro flavored ice, mogi toppings, condensed milk glaze......it's very creative.  The place was very clean and decorated in contemporary IKEA style. I happen to love IKEA which is why I recognized the decor!  So what's the verdict? It's really refreshing and tasty. A very unique spin on a frozen treat. My only gripe is that the toppings and glaze were very light-handed, almost non existant. I just barely got to taste the tiny almond cookie crumbs and condensed milk on the top of my strawberry snow.
5 This was my first time having Taiwanese-style shaved ice and it has got me hooked.  I had the taro snoh with red bean, green tea mochi and black sesame glaze.  LOVED the taro snoh and black sesame glaze.  I'll have to pass on the mochi next time because I didnt' like how it got harder and less soft and chewy the longer it was in the snow.  Great atmosphere to hang out, they have board games at every table.
5 When you get here it is... Decisions, decisions, decisions....  What size to get, what flavor to get, what toppings to get, and then what sauce to get....  They ALL sound so good....    After standing in line for 5 mins and staring at the menu (with my glasses on), OH CRAP it is my turn...  Small, Thai tea, mochi balls with condensed milk sauce came out of my mouth.    I waited less than 5 mins and they called me name for picking up.  It looks so yummy!!!  It was really good!  It was icier than I expected.  I thought it would be creamy.  But it is called Snoh!  It is a fun, happening place.  L, G, and I plus a few friends ran into Nader there!!  Nice to see where all the Yelpers flock to new places!
5 Every Asian I know has posted pics of this place...yes in Phoenix Arizona you can find some Asian delishness!  I've tried the green tea and the original flavor but love my strawberry shaved ice! I've stuck with my favorite Strawberry with Chocolate and Coconut Mochi Balls. Not two sweet and just the right amount of sauce and toppings.  All of my friends have gone at least twice, it's an addiction!  The staff has always been friendly.  I've been there during a weekday mid morning and at night, people kept coming in to try Snoh.   Some who know about this type of shaved ice or just curious foodies!
4 Super tasty!!  I'm so excited that another asian place opened up in Phoenix--usually you'd see something like this in Chandler...but I'm so stoked that it's in my hood!  I tried the taro with almond pudding and sesame topping.  Mmmmm...delicious!  It's hot in Arizona, go get some SNOH!
5 Wow! I'd been craving thai tea and didn't want to venture far, and I noticed Snoh had just opened right up the street. Instead of getting a thai iced tea, I tried their shaved ice/ice cream hybrid in thai tea flavor. I added green tea mochi, boba, and condensed milk. Now I want to go every single day.   The snoh has an interesting consistency, creamier than shaved ice, but more subtle than ice cream. I especially love that it isn't too sweet, so the tea flavor really shines through. I was given a decent amount of toppings, enough to last me until the last bite, and the gal who prepared it poured on tons of condensed milk.  They have 5 other flavors, (I've also tried the taro - awesome!), and despite the seemingly limited menu, there are tons of potential combinations.    This is a seriously refreshing and tasty treat, and I can't wait to go back.
5 Stop...just stop what you're doing right now and GO TO SNOH! This is by far one of the most unique places I have ever been. It's much more exciting than your average frozen yogurt or shaved ice place. The decor is friendly and inviting, the customer service impeccable, and the "snoh"...oh the snoh...where do I begin? I had the green tea with mochi balls, red beans and condensed milk. It was satisfying without being too filling, bursting with flavor, yet delicate, and just basically awesome! Needless to say we licked our plate clean. I'm already formulating what my next treat will be!
5 Tried green tea snoh with black sesame glaze this time around. A few of my other friends also ordered the green tea snoh. General consensus was that the flavor was very mild, almost non-existent. It was good when you ate it with toppings, but without the toppings it was pretty much flavor-less. Probably won't try that flavor again!
5 This is shaved iced on a different level folks.  This is not your snow cone ice or your Hawaiian ice.  This is Taiwanese ice.  Smooth and velvety with infused flavors such as taro, green tea, strawberry, mango, and Thai tea.  If you never thought it was possible to put those exotic ingredients into ice then you definitely need to come down to check it out.  My favorite is taro, I die by the taro, its my usual to go flavor for most desserts/snacks.    To take it up another notch, throw in some of these toppings: mochi balls, mango, lychee, cheesecake bites, strawberries, lychee jelly, almond pudding, mango pudding, boba, orea cookies, and kiwi.  I know this list seems overwhelming but do your best to see what complements what flavor of ice.  But who the heck cares, mix and match however way you want, this is your masterpiece we're talking about here.  But wait, it doesn't end there, you also add a glaze: condensed milk, caramel, chocolate, taro condensed milk, green tea condensed milk, and black sesame.  Imagine the glaze as the icing on the top, it brings everything together.  Pricing is reasonable for these yummy and refreshing delights.  You get three sizes: small, medium or large.  Each size you get atleast 1 topping and 1 glaze.  The ambiance is funky fresh, hip, and urban-esque.  The staff are energetic and enthusiastic.  Stop by and check them out.  Peace and happy nomming.
5 Thai ice with red beans and green tea mochi are deadly combination! It was so good that I can remember clearly the ice melts as soon as it touch your tongue. Yup it was THAT good :) Definitely will come back for some more.
4 5/29/13  Winding down from the CMYE at Del Frisco's, someone brought up an impromptu UYE at Snoh Ice Shavery, and since I've never been and had been craving for shave ice, such as that I experienced in Honolulu, I needed no other prompting to go.  Snoh is located in the same plaza as Cherry Blossom Noodle Cafe (another bookmark I've had since moving into the valley many, many years ago- now I know where it's located, I'm going to have to stop in for a try!)  Parking looks very decent for the number of businesses around here- a big plus!  The line can get long very fast, but the two guys behind the counter take the orders very quickly (or as quickly as they can when newbies, such as myself, come in for the first time and are faced with so many choices!).  I decided to take the easy way out and try a couple of shaved ice flavors and a few toppings, so I went with the "large plate" for $6.75.  I spent my first decade, born and raised, in Manila, so I am very familiar with taro (we Tagalogs know it as "ube") ice cream, so I had to try Snoh's icy version, and added Green tea to the mix.  My toppings were cubed mango, red mung beans, and black sesame condensed milk.  It took about 8 to 10 minutes, but we had a large group present, and our lively conversations made the wait very easy.  This is what waited for me at the counter when my name was called... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/snoh-ice-shavery-phoenix?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA#jyv16LcyCFb3Cz-Q3CkDxg  I have to say that while it didn't look very appetizing (mango cubes didn't present well, and neither did the black sesame drizzle-- why not just pour the milk, let it cascade down the icy landscapes, and just sprinkle roasted black sesame seeds on top?), I loved the taro, red mung bean, and black sesame condensed milk combo.  I thought the condensed milk overpowered the green tea ice, and I wouldn't order that match again.  However, I wouldn't mind having ust green tea ice.  It tasted very fresh and clean-- a great palate cleanser after a great meal.  Cool artwork and backsplashes.  Nice concept of posting photos of guests on the TV display, but does the staff check for total complacency of all those present in the pics, I wonder?  I can see privacy breaches becoming an issue...   Will be taking family over for a few treats here in the future, I'm sure!
5 Yea had this for the first time last weekend it's just AWESOME...had the Mango with Kiwi, Almond Cookies and Condensed Milk . Staff was super nice and offered help with my choices. Just go and beat the heat with this cool goodness!
5 SNOH Shavery Ice .... DOES ROCK!!!! Baby Blue Spoons, match my Naioooos ... Yah to kool.... Way to Go Tony & helpers. My taste buds.... Well they are  veeeery haaaaappeeee! You guys are great......  Yummmy on the taro,almond cookie,BoBa, Carmel glaze ..... I'lllllll B Bacccc :p
4 Went here recently. It's very yummy. A short story, a couple of years ago we saw a Food network special about this kind of "shaved ice" and was craving it. Eventually we got some in LA and it was everything we wanted.  Jump back to a couple of days ago, my sister said we have to go there. Get the Thai Tea, shaved ice. That flavor is really good. I then tried the milk Thai Tea with lychee jelly. It was surprisingly good.  This store is a little small, so if there are a lot of people in there it gets really packed.     It is $6.75 for a large, perfect to share. Try this, you can thank me later.
5 Refreshing desserts you can't find anywhere else in Phoenix. Fun place to hang out and even get some work done. Almond pudding = almond jello!
4 Finally something different to try.   This place is pretty great and super hard to explain. It's so light and fluffy, not like a snow cone but ice like for sure but milky however not even close to being like Ice cream, gelato or froyo. With that said, it's a must try just for the experience. They offer a great variety of toppings but nothing crazy like fruity pebbles or gummy bears.   The only thing it needed was more toppings. I would suggest asking for extra of whatever toppings you get.   My daughter chose carmel as one of her toppings and holy wow, probably the best carmel I have ever tasted...sorry churn.   I can't wait to go back...I kinda want to open up my own shop on the north side of Phoenix.   Loved it!
2 The shaved ice is unique and good.  The ambiance and service lacking...Would i come back? no...not even if i was craving it because service SUCKS...  Rude wanna be's here.    I'd give 1 star but that wouldn't be fair to the shaved ice.
5 It's about damn time!!  We finally have a new dessert place in town! This one just happens to come in the form of some Delicious Asian Funkiness.  It's cheap, creative, tasty, and just a "must go to" kind of place.  5 stars for Snoh!
5 This place is awesome. The taro root boba is great! I also really like the taro root snow with condensed milk.
4 I ordered a the original with strawberries, almond cookies and chocolate syrup. It was actually really good, the only thing was next time I will order maybe strawberry or green tea because the original really has no flavor its just straight up snow lol  I tried strawberry with mango and the strawberry had a lot of flavor.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the service was just okay, they weren't very friendly.
5 When it comes to dessert, it has been Cookies & Cream or bust.   I've tried so many desserts .... but nothing comparable to the Cookies & Cream .... until now.  Snoh.   The shaved ice comes in four flavors: Taro (blech), Green Tea, Thai tea, and Mango (yum!).     It's a dessert place that is small and can get loud once it gets filled up with people.   I am happy to see a large contingent of young Asian people gather in Phoenix.   I suggest find a friend and share a large here.
5 Yes!!!! I have a twin here in Phoenix by the name of Brenda or is it Susan?! Reason is cause I come here many times and sometimes more than once in a day!  Hence my alias cause I don't want the guys in there working to know that I'm addicted to their confections!  Yummmmm, I just love everything they have to offer here.  When I would go back to Taiwan, the first place I always go to is a shaved ice place to satisfy my shave ice fantasies!!  Now I don't have to fly to Taiwan for the same delectables- hey, what I would have spent on a plane tkt, I can spend on shaved ice at this place! I tend to shy away from the Americanized flavors like strawberry and go for flavors like taro, Thai ice tea, green tea, mango, and original milk flavor. Oh wait, I think I just listed ALL the ice flavors as my favorite. Haha. I'm not surprised.  I also love all the toppings mochi ball, mango, yum yum I say.  Please the drizzles- love both the black seasame and condensed milk! Oh, and don't go for the small- go for the LARGE like I do and ask for it on a plate- they'll give you two flavors and two types drizzles and two types of toppings. Get the picture?  HEAVEN on a plate!!!!! I love the vibe of the place, hype and modern.  And the guys who work there too- they play along with me when I give them my aliases- I have to love them for that!
4 Let it Snoh, let it Snoh, let it Snoh...  I finally got to try Snoh with some friends the other day and I now finally understand what the hype's all about:  There's nothing like a bowl of perfectly fluffy shaved ice to beat the hot Arizona heat!  The shaved ice was so fluffy and just melts in your mouth..  Toppings and mix-ins are plentiful and there's a wide variety of sizes so you can choose your sweet sweet poison.  This place is just amazing!
5 Good stuff!  I wished I remembered what I got......but it was good.  Different product and they did a great job on the remodel.  I didn't expect to find this venue in this center.
5 Yum, I am in love with the green tea with condensed milk and mochi balls.  My daughter with the original with chocolate and cinnamon toast crunch (not on the menu).  It is light and refreshing and cools you off on these incredibly hot phoenix days.  I plan on trying one of their teas, eventually, but for now I am content with the shaved ice.  Unique and tasty option in place of ice cream or frozen yogurt.
2 Confused.  That sums up my experience. When they were about to open, they had pictures of their snoh on plates but when I get there, we get froyo cups. Some people have dishes, I don't. Problem with that is that they put so much snoh in the cups, they pretty much cheat you with the toppings. I can't stress how little they give you and even with so little, there's no room to mix it in the cup. So, even though you've compromised, took a couple of calming breaths, and came to terms with the abysmal amount of toppings, 4 spoonfuls in there's no toppings and you're left with strawberry albeit bland snoh. Might as well slam your head into the table in defeat because you pretty much just paid for sugar syrup and ice.  I came with family and everyone's snoh was different. Some were soft like it's supposed to (strawberry), but some where so compact and hard like a brick (taro). My family are natives so they definitely didn't think it was THAT worth it to drive down to Phoenix to try it. Cherry blossoms next door is 3x more worthy to drive down for.  There's a new Snow that opened in the Mekong plaza so I'll try it, but my expectations won't be so high next time. As for others, it's a new and exciting concept and I understand that there's already nothing Asian-related in this desert, but just calm your titties down because it's not as great at the hype surrounding it claims to be.
5 Snoh is interesting in that it is really, one of a kind. At least here in the valley. It's taiwanese shaved ice, where they freeze blocks of this stuff and shave it in delicate layers into your bowl. The first (and only time) prior to Snoh I'd had it up in the Bay area, and was smitten. Fluffy! Sweet! Cold! Just perfect for summer!  So this is kind of what you can expect, with regards to Snoh. You walk in, and up along the wall there's a menu. You pick what flavor of Snoh you want, and then you can pick toppings. There are solid ones, and liquid flavor ones as well. Then you wait for them to make it. They'll call your name and you come up to collect your very own Snoh concoction!   For example, the first time I went to Snoh I picked a mango flavored Snoh, with red bean and mochi toppings, and condensed milk on top. The last time I went with my husband we got a thai iced tea Snoh, with cinnamon toast crunch and mochi, and a condensed milk topping. Pretty straightforward. As a heads up, the size of what you get will dictate how many toppings you get, though I'm sure you could get more toppings and pay for that as well. We got regulars both times, which will give you two toppings and one liquid one. It's pretty huge, more than enough to share between two people.   It really is mindblowing. It's so fluffy and ephmeral. It's not dense, not in the least bit, and you'll find yourself going through this enormous bowl quite easily. As new as this business is, when we went in this Saturday evening it was PACKED. Packed enough that we weren't able to get seating, and we just decided to take this home and eat it along the way. Clearly popular. You will get cravings for Snoh, just so you know. Yes, yes you will. My girlfriend who lives in the bay area came to visit, and she regularly gets cravings of Snoh.  So go check it out. You won't regret it.
5 Nice environment and great snow ice. Can't find a better one in Phoenix.
5 I first heard of this place from my sister. It's literally 2 blocks from where I live, yet I never really noticed it (Oregano's is on the other side). I'm not a fan of shaved ice, but my sister told me it's different and it's quite delicious, plus they sell boba tea so that kind of sold me. I'm a big fan of milk tea with boba, but no one in Phoenix really sell it - usually you won't find it unless you're in Tempe or Chandler.  Anyways, I went there twice, Saturday and Sunday. The first time I got the green tea ice with red bean, boba, and condensed milk. It was delicious. Fluffy, refreshing, and smooth. I didn't really taste much of the green tea, but it was delicious regardless especially since it was 110 degrees outside.  Sunday, I got an almond boba tea and another snoh ice. I got taro this time with the same toppings. The taro was yummy. Definitely taste like taro.   I will definitely come back. It's conveniently located and the place is clean and nice. There's wifi so you can work there and enjoy a snoh ice if you want. It's a bit pricey, but definitely worth it.
4 Let it Snoh, Let it Snoh, Let it Snoh!   This place is has a cool vibe to it..... the ambiance is chic, the place is modern/clean, and they should just install a revolving door in front with the amount of traffic they get at this place!  Seriously, there's always a line when we visit - but it's worth the wait!   The flavored snoh they create are so fine it's almost like eating ice cream instead of shaved ice.  They have quite unique flavors, toppings, and glazes.... from the traditional green tea ice with red bean and condensed milk (one of my favorite combinations) to the more westernized strawberry snoh with fresh strawberries and chocolate glaze, there's quite a range of combinations that can be had.   We've also tried their boba, thai tea, taro snoh, mochi, sesame glaze.... all yummy in various combinations! Now, if they would only open a location closer to where I live so I don't have to drive 15 miles to play with snoh......
5 If you like tasty cold treats, you must check out Snoh!  I don't say "ice cream" or "shaved ice" because it really isn't either of those things like I think of it. And if a few friends hadn't raved about the place I doubt I would have checked it out. Shaved ice didn't sound that exciting. Don't make that mistake - this place is great!  I had the shaved thai tea, almond cookie topping, and black sesame glaze. I had no idea what I was ordering, so asked the super friendly guy at the counter (Tony) for advice. It was nice, light, and super tasty. My wife had the taro, shaved almonds, and caramel glaze. Hers was more savory than mine, but both were delicious.  The place also has a great vibe. Super clean, with some slick art on the walls. A TV was playing a dubbed asian war movie of some kind that was fun to watch. They also have games on one of the tables up front to keep kids (and adults) entertained.  If it sounds interesting but you're not sure what some of these flavors are like (taro?), don't let that stop you. The staff was great and can help you put together something nice and safe or crazy and adventurous. Either way it is seriously refreshing on a hot Phoenix day.  This is one of our new favorite dessert places in town. Get in there and try it out!
4 What a fantastic place!  The first time I visited Snoh was last month, and I have been craving another visit since! There really aren't any words to describe this delicious treat - it's literally just like flavored snow melting in your mouth.  My favorite is the green tea flavored snoh. Sometimes,  green tea flavored things can leave a bitter aftertaste, but this was perfectly balanced. The tea flavor was noticeable yet it didn't overwhelm the other flavors. I added fresh strawberries and red bean as toppings, and drizzled condensed milk and chocolate over the entire thing. It was a great combo! I've also tried the same combination but with almond pudding instead of strawberries - also good, but I like that the strawberries added texture to the snoh.  Pros: fresh ingredients (I believe they do get fresh ingredients everyday, and they actually shave the snoh right in front of you. This snoh does not come out of a packaged machine,  thank goodness)!  The ambience is another plus. This place gives off a very hip and fun vibe. It's a great place to just lounge around with friends on a hot summer day.   Cons: I can see why this place could be a bit overwhelming for some people, especially if he/she isn't familiar to the concept of shaved and flavored ice. My advice? Just go for it! Pick flavors and toppings that are familiar to you, and just ask the guys who are making the snoh for their tips and advice.   This place is certainly worth the drive,  and I can't wait to make another visit soon.
3 The snow was kind of watery but considering this was the first time I've had snow, it was good. Decently price. I also had the regular milk tea with boba on a different day. The boba was very soft and chewy= perfect. The drink itself, however, was too watered down. I had them remake it thinking it was a fluke (they did claim they have San Gabriel Valley, CA standards) but it tasted the same.   If you're from CA: pass on the milk tea, try the snow (I haven't had class 302 so I don't know how it compares to it)  The owner and staff there is super nice, I hope they improve their milk tea flavoring, I'm willing to come back and support them!
4 I love this alternative to ice cream and froyo. I love the taro and condensed milk glaze. The topping can be interchangeable. So far I really love it with almonds cause I love the crunch. The shaved ice is great cause it isn't too heavy and it's just sweet enough. This place is definitely a place to try!
4 Forget waxing, shaved is the way to go. (not like anyone would really wax ice, but whatevs...)  For me:  shaved thai tea, cinnamon toast crunch, mochi, and condensed milk glaze.  For him: shaved original, mochi, and black sesame glaze. Just like the one in the picture. :) For us: A unanimous rating of OMG that's delicious and light and fluffy and did I mention delicious? But the cinnamon toast crunch was the best!  This was our first time here, but won't be our last. The guy at the counter seemed kinda bored, but was very helpful when he saw that we didn't really know how to order.   While waiting for our order we learned a little about the Tibetan jumping spider and the Himalayan Chiru antelope (did you know they have twice as many red blood cells as humans? Fascinating!)...Education and Sustenance, awesome!
3 Walked over here after a delightful meal next door at the Noodle Place. B-Day Girl wanted something sweet and tasty. I have never seen a place like this before. Simple menu and some interesting ingredients. Hmmm?  I have always liked Ice Cream, Frozen Yogurt or just a smidgen of that Midwest delicious Custard. This place is a bit different and at the same time a one of a kind experience. More of an Asian twist if I can say so. Nice!  Everyone ordered something different. You pick the size, flavors of the base ingredient, and then what toppings you like. Then you choose a glaze to finish it off. They also sell milk tea and ice teas.  I order a Regular sized Original with Mochi Balls, Almond Pudding covered with Black Sesame Topping. One of the family members ordered something with a Mango and Chocolate combo kinda of thingy going on. I did not ask what the B-Day Girl got but the Granddaughter liked it so much she shot a spoonful across the room onto the wall. Napkin Please.  All around COOL concept with some interesting flavor combinations. I like the game playing area as well. Just kick back and chill if time permits. Game On!  3.5 Stars
5 I have heard a lot of good things about Snoh Ice and this is my first time to try it! It was more than spectacular! The shave ice it so yummy and so healthy! I saw so many toppings to pick and very good customer service too! Highly recommended!
4 Snoh is really good.. especially in this heat!
5 Finally good boba in Phx!
4 Finally, a good boba place in Central Phx! I'm giving it four stars for not having more tea flavors (there's only about 4 flavors each for milk tea and for regular tea) but overall I've enjoyed the boba teas I've tried there.  I personally like their Thai tea and Taro tea - have not tried the Almond or Milk tea flavors.  I've tried the snoh but I'm not as big a fan as I am of boba in general.  I like that the boba has been consistently chewy every time I order it and that the tea is well mixed - no granules at the bottom of my cup.  My husband can't bring himself to deviate from the snoh - he mixes it up all the time, but he tends to get the thai snoh or the original flavor and puts mochi, strawberries, and black sesame glaze.  We love the location (super enabling since it's 10 mins away from our place) and usually don't have to wait too long for our order.  It's in the same center as Cherry Blossom Cafe, Tokyo Express, and a few other relatively busy places, so parking can be a premium at peak food times.  We've usually gone on the weekend or towards the end of the day and have only had a problem finding a spot once or twice.  Try not to look for a spot in the front - go to the left and park towards the back.  You'll get your fix faster and with less stress!
5 After gorging myself out and going H.A.M. on a huge bowl of noodles and bread sticks in front of my date (our second date) at Cherry Blossom next door, we decided to venture over to Snoh. The shaved ice at Snoh reminded me the time when I was an obese kid eating shaved ice in the slums of Taiwan. The shaved ice texture was very unique and fluffy from what you'd imagine. They had all the sweet and fruity toppings you could want. The atmosphere was very is very fun, hip, and clean. Apparently the owner knew we both were on a date so he played some romantic music. Thanks!   Song request for next time: Careless Whisper by George Michael.
3 Not really my cup of tea, but the overall experience was good. You get what you pay for, and its not nasty crap. More variety and options would be nice.
4 (Lyrics - Rihanna ft. Mikky Ekko - Stay)  All along it was just shavings A cold ice freezing believer I threw my hands in the air I said show me something He said, if you dare then add a little chocolate  Round and around and around and around I went Ohhh now tell ya now tell ya now tell ya now I know (what to order)  Not really sure how to feel about it Something in the way it taste Makes me feel like I can't live without it It takes me to a cooler place I want some more Snoh.......!  I was "snow" ice shavings were first brought to my attention when I traveled to LA.  Wasn't sure what the rave was about, but I gave it a try.  At the time I thought it was a pretty cool concept and didn't know why Phoenix didn't have it --- Cause we live in the damn desert!    Finally, "Snoh" ice was brought to us by this place -- Thank you Snoh Ice Shavery.  You didn't even come up with some weird name, just tell us what it is; ice shavings with consistency like snow haha!    The place itself has a LA tea boba shop feel.  A lot Asian kids hanging around and reading some Manga.  Man I'm getting too old for this place!    Overall, "snoh" shavings here are pretty good.  Your choice of toppings from gummy bears, tapioca, lychees, strawberries, and chocolate syrup.  Similar to your self-pour yogurt shops, but "snoh" is ice shavings so you amount of calories are much much much more lower than your average desert.  That's why I totally appreciate this awesome invention.  Not to say you should eat this for Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner.  Everything in moderation is fine.  Our host was very gracious and also the marketer for this place.  Well done my friend, but I still think Ironman would crush Batman! Wink! - Enjoy!
5 So good!  It's the perfect combination between shave ice and ice cream.  It's so fluffy and melts right when it touches your tongue like real snow.  Such great toppings and flavors to choose from and I love their mango pudding!  Slightly expensive for my taste, but it is a specialty item.  Perfect for a hot day in Arizona!
4 Really good, really interesting take on the concept of shaved ice. I tried the strawberry topped with oreos and chocolate glaze - really sweet, but yummy. I think I like the original shaved ice flavor best. The caramel topping is delicious without being overly sugary. It was also really nice that they use fresh fruit instead of compote.  Snoh is definitely worth a try. I will be back.
5 I was pretty hyped up about this place even before it opened up. Most of the time you get a huge build up only to be disappointed in the end. Definitely not the case for Snoh Ice.  The staff is very accommodating and friendly and the setting is very chic and a fun atmosphere. Also the place is kept very clean, which is a plus given how busy it can get.  Now onto the good stuff. The snoh here is amazing as it's light and creamy all at once. I've tried about all of the flavors and I have to say that the thai tea has won me over completely. I will drive very far in order to get my thai tea snoh fix.   This place is definitely a gem among dessert places in Arizona.
5 Neat place and the shaved ice is good. Different than anything I've had before but it is good. I've had several flavors and the best so far has been Thai Tea shaved ice, Almond Cookie topping, and Condensed Milk glaze.  Took my wife and daughter and everyone really liked it. Highly recommended.
4 We really enjoy this place, but it seems like there's some kind of secret stuff you can order (kinda like In N Out) that we don't know about...because when I see my friends pictures of their Snoh, it's nothing I've seen on the menu.  Nonetheless, what I get is surely delicious.  I usually order the taro snoh with coconut mochi and sweet cream.  I have recently learned that if you order it "here" on a plate, you get more for just about the same price instead of in the cup.  Not much seating area in this place, so best to just eat on the go.
5 The most unique and flavorful dessert I've ever had. I'm a regular now and I enjoy the large taro on a plate with boba, lychee jelly and condensed milk.
4 I have a new favorite dessert place! Snoh's shaved ice is like no other in the Phoenix area. It has a light, whipped texture, almost like cotton candy. Also, the ice itself is flavored before it's shaved. When you order at the counter, you get your choice of flavor (e.g., Original, Thai tea, mango, green tea, taro), toppings (1 included for small, 2 included for medium and large), and glaze (e.g., sesame, condensed milk, chocolate, caramel).  So far I've had the mango and the taro, and I prefer the taro. The portions are very generous, and 3-4 people can easily share a large size. There are numerous toppings to choose from (Including fresh fruit, mochi, and puddings). The only thing I wished they had was a fruity glaze, like maybe a strawberry or raspberry.  The decor is hip, and they are always playing a quirky movie on the TV. Iron Sky, anyone?
5 "If all the snowflakes were candy drops and milkshakes, Oh what a snow it would be. Standing outside with my mouth open wide, Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah."  This child hood song comes to life with snoh. Little tiny snowflakes, Embossed with burst of exotic flavors, Melting into your taste buds magically, As your eyes enjoy a nice does of art pieces on the wall.  I love Snoh. Five Flaky Stars ;-)
5 The shaved ice is ridiculously soft and fluffy - lots of toppings to choose from, and a regular size is great to share between two people! I've come back at least once a week since we found this place!
5 This place is amazing, it really brings me that California feel. The music, the people and the environment. All it would need is just a beach view outside and this place would be perfect. The setting here is very clean and chill, with that California vibe.   I never really had Shaved Ice before especially there way. It was so light, but so tasty! It's almost like eating sweet cold clouds. LOL! I got half thai tea and half taro ice. For the condiments I used mochii balls, Lychee jelly and condense milk. At first I thought the large size I ordered was going to be too large for me to finish, but after enjoying, talking and watching this cool Japanese show on the TV, I looked back down and saw that I have finished it all! Boo! I would definitely recommend a friend here and if you have a chance take a picture with the "Snoh Card" and your picture will be posted in a collage with the others. There are some famous people on there ;)
5 Snoh is delicious and they have great boba! Only thing I don't like is location, but dessert and service is awesome! If you like Thai tea then you have to try it as snoh.
4 My best friend and I went here after lunch for a treat! At first I didn't really want to try it. I was only there because my friend insisted we go. She ordered a taro with green tea mochi balls and I have to admit it was delicious! Don't judge a book by its cover!
5 OMG this place is great.  I ordered the green tea ice with mochi and sweet sesame.  I love it.  One of my girls ordered regular with oreos and caramel...yummy.  The added bonus is the local artwork you can buy.  My family and I will get every chance to visit again.
5 One of my favorite new ways to beat the heat: Taiwanese ice cream! Actually it's shaved ice with a very unique texture. Also, it's a great place to get bubble tea too!  So far we have had our Snoh's in strawberry, taro and green tea. Most recently, I tried green tea + red beans + condensed milk='s delicious! With the red beans, I felt like I was back in the Philippines.   Not to mention that it's a pretty "healthy" dessert. 100 calories!
5 LOVE IT! I always have shave ice when I'm in China, and it's great to see it finally land here in the Valley.   For those who don't know, many countries and cultures in Asia and across the world have shaved ice desserts. They may range from Filipino halo-halo, to Korean bingsu, and to Chinese bing-sha. Most of them involve finely shaved ice with sweetened condensed milk, fruits, beans, and other toppings.  Snoh takes it one step further by providing flavors of shaved ice! I loved their green tea and taro snoh, especially paired with toppings like mochi and red bean with a glaze of sweetened milk. Highly recommend this place.  The decor is bright and trendy with cool artists displaying their work on the walls. There are TVs on the walls and overall, it's a great place to socialize with friends and just chill.
4 Amazingly friendly service and great green tea shaved ice! Would definitely recommend this cute, quirky place!
4 I spotted this next door to Cherry Blossom, and wanted to know what all of the hype was about as I've never experience "snow" before. My husband and I were pretty full from dinner, so we decided to split a small. We chose the green tea, with mochi, oreos, and caramel drizzle. The snow was unlike anything I've had before, well at least food-wise, because it really was almost like eating snow. It was very light and fluffy and melted as it hit your tongue. The green tea flavor was very good, I like that it was subtle. The toppings added some dimension to the dish with the chewy sweet mochi (kind of like gummy bears) and crunchy oreos. The caramel drizzle was very decadent, and a nice added touch. The girl who checked us out was very helpful and friendly, and offered to give us recommendations if needed, which was nice. I can't wait to come back and try more flavors, or I might even try the boba next time!
3 My first time coming to Snoh was an average experience. The selection was short and sweet, that's what I like most. The ice shavery is light and good. The owners need to work on their customer service though.The individual at the cash register was very friendly but the other two just stare at you and very discourteous. I wouldn't come here again until it improves.  I also ordered half green tea and half Thai and they only gave me Thai.
5 Super Yummy! The place is incredibly delicious! The staff is friendly and helpful with the daunting task of choosing your flavor and toppings. The taro ice with green tea mochi balls and boba is my favorite! They also have boba tea which I'm excited about because there isn't any place around here that has that. Go try it if you haven't already. Best desert in town! ADDICTED!
4 I first came to this place the week it opened...unfortunately it was right before I was going to leave for a 3 month summer vacation back home to California. I was really excited a shaved snow place finally opened up in Phoenix! For those who don't know what shaved ice is, its different from crushed ice or what you would get in a snow cone. Shaved Ice is literally shaved from a big, flavored block of ice into a flaky "melt on your tongue" consistency.  The owners are also from California, and nowadays since shaved snow places are popping up everywhere like boba places in Cali, they were smart to bring their business here. It also means they know good quality since there is so much competition back home. Anyway, I went back recently and I'm glad to say there was a huge improvement in their flavors and quality since the first time I went.   My favorite flavors include the green tea, mango and taro. The flavors aren't too sweet or overpowering, so you can still enjoy the topping and glaze. I always go for the condensed milk and ask for extra too, but the black sesame glaze is yummy too, especially on the green tea ice. I always go for the fruit toppings, the cookie topping are good too.    I hope they put toppings like cheesecake and poundcake on the menu, and different flavored mochi!
3 The snoh itself (I had taro with almond jelly and condensed milk) is pretty good but their size options are overpriced by about a dollar each. I don't think this was intentional, but I sensed some attitude when I asked if I could mix two flavors - the answer is no for small and regular size. Friend ordered taro milk tea and it was not good. The drink was poorly mixed and the boba were either undercooked or had been sitting out for too long.  Also, when an employee cleaned the table next to ours, he sprayed the table cleaner in such a way that the aerosolized droplets made their way into my open mouth.  Not a pleasant taste or feeling when you are trying to eat.   Overall: come if you've never had asian shaved ice before, but stick to yogurtland for better value and variety.
3 It was good, I would go back, but not doing cartwheels over it. Can't really go wrong with what u order unless you're a picky eater. The staff could be a bit more descriptive about the flavors, taste and what the hell you're eating.
4 Love this place! Chic, cute with some Asian deco elements, and the most important, the shaved ice is so yummy!!!  3 of us came after a Saturday brunch, ordered a large size of Taro and Original shaved ice, paired with sweet red beans and mango fruit (they also offer mango jelly), and topped with caramel drizzle. Maybe because of our choice, this plate was very very sweet. If you don't like sweet that much, choose something different. The large size was definitely enough for 3 of us! The shaved ice was very fine, fluffy and felt like cotton candy! And as it melts, it seems to be more like ice cream than ice. The texture is very different from the other shaved ice I have tried where you can feel more of the ice.   If Snoh was not 20 miles away from me, i would visit at least once a week! Can't wait for the next visit :)
5 I don't know honestly what to say, because you have to honestly try it yourself to experience how amazing this ice/cream/but not the two combined in a way lol, thing is. Holy cow the first bite was simply mouthwatering for more. It's an amazing deal with a huge amount for a small at $4.00 and only 50 cents per extra topping. Free glaze of course. Support local business by trying this crazy good dessert!!
4 Short review: Good, but if you've had the shaved ice in SGV (San Gabriel Valley in California) then it doesn't compare. Very good though overall.  Long review: Ever since I've had baobing in SGV 6 years ago, it's stayed in my memory as one of the best desserts that AZ is missing. It's so hot here 9 months a year, why wouldn't they open one? I'm so glad it finally has its place now in Phoenix. The flavor options are limited, but they are adding more.  My favorite so far is any of the shaved ice with all of the almond options. I recommend getting the syrups/milks on the side and add on slowly as to not oversweeten the dessert. I hope they eventually expand the menu even further and add a wide variety of flavors and have even better ripe and fresh fruit toppings. My go to place for dessert anytime I'm in Phoenix. (edited for grammar) :)
3 Ordered strawberry and a Honeydew with Mochi Balls. Light, very airy and good. BUT Overpriced for what you actually get. ;(
5 I've been waiting, for des-sert like you...   Seriously.   My favorite go-to dessert is typically halo-halo. But when I can't make it out to Mesa or Chandler, the taro SNOH with almond pudding, red bean, and condensed milk glaze will do just fine! I've grown weary of the multitude of frozen yogurt, gelato, and Italian ice shops popping up around town like McStarbucks. SNOH is a refreshing change of pace and strikes my taste buds just right! Love this place and I hope this is just the beginning of a beautiful relationship!
4 Never been there until today and I gotta say I'm impressed. I've been to many boba tea places and I've never seen the "snoh" shaved ice before. It's delicious. I wish they would have a blended menu, however, it was an overall awesome experience.
5 I'm from Taiwan, where boba milktea originated from. I can speak with confidence that SNOH has the most genuine boba milktea I've ever had in Arizona. Besides that, all of my friends who have tried their Taro Snoh agreed that it tastes just like what we had back in Asia!  SNOH is absolutely a worth-trying dessert place with amazingly genuine products :-)  We accidentally visited SNOH during their first week of opening...it's love at first taste. Till now, I'm still willing to drive all the way from Tempe for a cup of taro Snoh with mochi balls; I never get disappointed by any of their products (the latest pumpkin flavor Snoh is awesome); I can never get tired of spreading good words about SNOH; and I've just made my first Yelp review for SNOH :-D
4 I'm clearly late to the Snoh party but I concur with all the good things said, and my worst at Snoh has never been truly "bad" in terms of service, even if not quite as on the ball as at their best.  I generally find the staff pleasant, helpful, and patient as I and others dawdle for what must seem an eternity to staff (and those behind us in line) in making our decisions from all the possible combinations.  I love the taste of this stuff.  Everything combination I've had in 3 or 4 visits, whether a green tea, thai tea, strawberry, or mango base.    I spent a year in the northeast of mainland China over a quarter century ago (just call me "lao") and all snow we got quickly received a generous coating of coal dust, making it roughly as appetizing as yellow snow, so even after a year in the motherland,  I can tell you that for me it's a new and unique treat and beats red bean popsicles all to pieces!  There is nothing comparable to this incredible lightness of being combined with all the of lush refreshing flavors and comforting coldness in the Arizona heat (Well, unless you stop in for "snow" at Pho Avina way up North 49th Ave & West Thunderbird way).    While I'd agree at least a bit with reviewers who thought each size somewhat over-priced for what you get, as much as I'd like to wallow in a field of snoh, make snoh angels  - and EAT THEM (preferably for free), I think the prices not terribly out of line for what is at this time a new, unique desert dessert adventure in a unique and comfortable, even sophisticated, setting.  It's kind of like the fabled "Starbucks experience", but younger, in lighter color Copenhagen wood tones with a modern, casual, comfortable, distinctive-but-not-overwhelming Asian flare.    They're not going for discount volume here, but even so, the smallest serving is sufficient to provide an adult a good taste, cool you off, whet the appetite to return, and simultaneously allow you to feel remarkably virtuous for having responsibly indulged in only this dessert lighter-than-air, and having not over done it. That said, what I really want is a bucket for $5 and a spoon.  A large spoon.    Note that it's perfectly acceptable to eat yellow snoh - as long as it's mango.
4 This place is excellent! Every Saturday after Cherryblossom, we go to Snoh and have delicious milk tea or what they refer to as "snoh" which is basically the consistency of snow. Very light, and powdery.  Positives: -Fun atmosphere  -Great products--definitely try everything once  Negatives: -Little too expensive. You get a lot, but not a lot of snoh. -Staff is a little abrasive  Overall, I will definitely be back.
5 Shaved Ice, It's not a snow cone, not even close.   Hard to explain exactly what it is so you must just go try it.  I stepped out of my comfort zone and glad I did.  Everything was nice and clean the way it should be and super nice employees.   $4 for a small Snoh Ice was plenty big enough for two of us.  Also tried a Pomegranate-Passion fruit Iced tea that was as refreshing as it sounds.
5 This incredible place makes living in Phoenix all the worth while.  No more flying to Los Angeles for shaved ice. I think it just got BEST OF PHOENIX They deserve it.  I'm in heaven now !
5 This place is super awesome, everything I like under one roof. Had the Taro and red bean snoh and it was good. If you haven't tried this place then "Do iiiiiiT"
5 the people there are really friendly. one of the employees there remember me from like a month ago since my last visit and that to be means customers are more important
5 Holy SNOH! This s%&$ is fan-freaking-tastic!! I have to say, this Canadian walking into Snoh really didn't get what it was all about, I've just never seen or heard of anything like it. I asked the owner and staff, as I was trying to decide what to have, exactly what I was about to eat - "Is it like Hawaiian shaved ice" I asked? He replied that no, it was very different: milk based, very light and fluffy. In my head I really could not conceive light and fluffy ice... Man oh man is it ever! I was addicted after one bite! Super full from lunch I just wanted a sample to try - let's just say I downed the entire thing. People, I just couldn't stop myself!! I had the traditional flavour (yes, yes, there is a 'u' in flavour in Canada) with a caramel drizzle and almond cookies crushed on the top. 100% unique and absolutely fabulous!   Cheers Snoh, I will be sending the Snow Birds your way!
5 I have to say OMG DELICIOUS!  I am love frozen yogurt, so I wasn't sure what to expect from this kind of ice cream.  It is light, flavorful and delicious. I shared my ice cream with my date and I wish I would have gotten my own! I had the taro flavor with condensed milk.  That topping is a must!  When I'm in the area, I will be back here.
5 Fluffy sweetness in the hot Arizona weather with customized toppings?  I'm in! As a former Lollicup employee in my minimum wage days, this place is legit and even better than Lollicup.  Perfect boba texture and flavorful tea that is a relief from the powdered stuff.  Love it!
5 So delicious. I live down the street and I can't help but go every time I have a spare minute! I always get thai tea snoh with green tea mochi balls and black sesame, I'm addicted
5 Best. Stuff. EVERRRRRR! I'm sad/glad this isn't closer to me. If it was I would literally be there every single day which isn't the best thing. I tried taro with condensed milk & boba, husband got strawberry with condensed milk & strawberries (lame) I was in heaven eating mine. Soooo creamy, sweet & delicious. I will be stopping in every single time I'm in the area.
5 I'm from California and my cousins brought me here in June for the first time. Definitely loved and now I went back to Arizona this month and I had to make sure I'd stop by here right when I landed.  Snoh is really good and has great service! Everytime I go to Arizona this will be my first stop always.
5 I am so happy the snow craze has finally made it to Arizona! I have had snow at a couple places in California, so when this opened we knew it was a must try! I knew it would be successful in Phoenix, well...because it get so damn hot! We came here opening week and got there at the perfect time because after we got our order the line got crazy and went out the door! I recommend everything! my favorite is mango, taro  flavored snow with the mango popper thingys! We even tried to black sesame syrup, that i'll admit I doubted, but it was really good! This is close to my sisters house so I hope to come back again when we're in the area.
5 It's about time that I review Snoh...because I love it.  If you look back through my reviews to a place call Sweet Home Cafe in Hawaii, you'll see me mention a shaved ice dessert loaded with gummies and whatnot. That was a younger me losing my baobing virginity. Needless to say, once my proverbial cherry was popped, I craved more. Unfortunately for me, Arizona wasn't well acquainted with this dessert, so my craving went unsatisfied.  This was all until I saw a link to a place called Snoh on Facebook. I legitimately freaked because I was so excited! I freaked even more when I realized it was opening in my hood, right next to my apartment (you should have seen me creeping on the owners while construction was underway)!   When the day came, and they finally opened, I was in heaven. The snoh itself was delicious, and I'm sure you've read all about it in other reviews. If you're a novice to the dessert, I do not recommend getting the tea flavors of snoh...get regular, taro (which almost tastes like a mix of the buttered popcorn Jelly Belly flavor & vanilla), or one of the fruits. My favorite flavor is the taro, and my favorite combination is:  Taro Snoh Mochi Boba Aloe Vera Jelly Condensed Milk  Aside from the snoh, I frequently get the different teas with boba added, and I'll occasionally get the milk teas.   Checking Snoh out is absolutely necessary if you have a sweet tooth, or if you're looking to expand your dessert horizons. The staff has always been easygoing, and the owners are always great to have a quick conversation with, well, when the line isn't out the door.
4 I came here with some friends and I had just moved to Phoenix about three weeks ago from Orlando. That is where I was first introduced to shaved snow. The place differs in the things they offer but the idea is the same. Shaved ice that is flavored. I got the taro snow but if you get a small only one topping comes with it. The place in Orlando had unlimited toppings. The taro snow was good, sweeter than I'm used to and I added coconut flakes. I thought it was toasted flakes but it was just shredded coconut, fleshy and moist. Nonetheless it is a great dessert option. I may just bring a Baggie of toasted coconut to fulfill my craving. It just gives it some texture.   My friends got the honeydew which they really kept saying how great it was. That is definitely the flavor I will try next. They also have boba too which I have yet to try.   I like the ambiance of the store and they people in there were really friendly. They also have games like Jenga. So it's a fun place to just lounge with your friends.  They have a loyalty program so get one of those cards if you find yourself coming back for more!
5 This place is the best place ever!! Trying to get all our friends hooked! Tony and his staff are so friendly!! If you're going to share with your friends, best thing to do is to share a large snoh (you won't regret it)!! We got it to go once and it has a 20minute span so make sure to keep your car cold and your not going too far! They do an awesome job here! Will be coming back here a lot more knowing it's here!
5 After visiting a next door restaurant many times I was finally convinced to try Snoh. I don't know why I waited so long! This place is delicious yumminess.   I got the Thai tea snoh because I love Thai tea and I was happy with my choice. I topped it with some gummy something that I can't remember the name but it wasnt boba and some condensed milk.  Sooooo delicious.  I really enjoyed the lightness of the snoh dessert and the Thai tea was not overly sweet.  If you enjoy a sweet variety their mango flavor would satisfy. Definitely check out this place for a refreshingly different end to any meal.
4 Although a bit overpriced, this place is quite good. I have been here several times now and have tried the green tea and thai tea flavors; the ice is very fluffy and light like snow. My favorite is green tea ice with red bean, almond pudding, and condensed milk. I try to stop by when I go to Cherry Blossom. I wish this place was closer to me!
1 Visited this place for the first time a few months ago. Very disappointed to say the least. My wife and kids didn't like it either. To add insult to injury, my snoh had a hair in it. When my wife took it back to the counter the employee told her "oh sorry".
5 This place truly is one of a kind! Great atmosphere with an artsy/pop culture feel! It's cheap price for amazing snoh. The people and environment is so awesome that I'm a regular!
5 Very innovative "ice cream".  They have great boba too!!  Love it.
5 Ice, Ice Baby!   This tasty treat tantalizes your taste buds like none other could, and the fun games, gadgets and eye candy that adorns the walls makes for icing on one very sweet cake.   Despite countless visits (sometimes even within the same day, shhhh) I never seem to tire of scraping my bowl down to the very last sliver. Even after returning from a very extended vacay in Asia (home of all things boba) this was one of my very first, very satisfying stops.   Taro with condensed milk, mochi, and lychee is the go-to that I crave, but I dare you to discover a combination that disappoints.   If and when you make an attempt to fulfill said dare, (why wouldn't you?) do be sure to place some $ into the super nifty super hero tip jar (preferably Ironman's). You gotta give kudos for creativity and the  customer service is always impeccable. Also, whomever is in charge of the music playlist is really on to something good.     Pretty sure it's impossible to dislike this place, so just go. Eat, play, enjoy:)
5 Best BoBa ever, affordable,  hip atmosphere, great hang out lounge for friends, family get togethers. Love playing checkers with who ever i'm with  while sipping on my passion fruit iced tea boba! If I'm not in the mood for a drink they have snoh ice, better then ice cream or frozen yogurt! I would highly recommend it!
5 A taste of home! I am definitely California grown and needed my shaved SNOW.  It's not the same as shaved ice.. not big pieces but little snow pieces that melt in your mouth.  They had the best green tea snow I have ever had.  One of the workers told me they will have brick toast soon.  I warn you native Arizonans... brick toast is AMAZING! Will be back for more snow, brick toast, and boba tea
5 Loved it! First time trying something like this. As a newbie I went with Taro/condensed milk/almond cookie. It was delish! I honestly can't wait to try other toppings & flavors.
4 They have great flavors and I like the variety of toppings they offer. The Snoh is soft and melts in your mouth. The only thing I wish they would do with the condensed milk is layer in between the snoh. The top part is flavorful and good but midway through, it looses the flavor and doesn't taste as good.
5 my favorite dessert place! :) better than ice cream and froyo put together! and the staff is always really nice and friendly. definitely recommended
5 This place is awesome!  Snoh is delicious!   Interesting flavors and toppings. This spot is clean and hip. Owner is cool and helpful when you aren't sure what you want!  Definitely give this place a try!  Green tea with lychee jelly glazed with condensed milk - YUM!  Give it a try!  Definitely will be back!
3 My first time eating snow and I did get yellow snow, well it was more of a orange color.   Snoh is a new take on the whole world of frozen deserts, It is very light and full of air. And there are flavors you may not always see like Thai iced tea and taro. There are toppings like one may see at a yogurt place, but there are a few unique ones like sesame.   My real issues with the place are around price and wait time. I think the snoh is mad to order wich means the wait time and get long if they have more than say 3 customers. And the price at about $4 for a light airy ball with a topping I did not feel the value.  This place seems to be geared towards the manga animie loving crowd.
4 I haven't actually tried any of their Snoh desserts but everything looks delish!  I come here solely for a boba tea fix and they do not disappoint.  Their house blend milk tea hits the spot and their boba is cooked perfectly.  If they had a location in Old Town I'd be a daily regular for sure!
5 Everything is good. Everything. So refreshing!  My wife and I moved away from Phx just as Snoh was getting big, and wow do we miss it. We recently came back from Philadelphia and drove out to Phx from the East Valley just to eat at Snoh. It is truly better than any Snoh I had in Taiwan -- they know what they're doing! We would gladly fly back just to eat Snoh again. Keep up the good work guys.
5 Best ice treat in phoenix area I got the tora shaved ice and it was amazing I recommend  It highly
2 When trying to figure out what I would write for this review, and how many stars to award it, I was at a loss for words.  Snoh is so unlike anything I have ever eaten before, that I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing.  I am not a stranger to taro, green tea, mochi or anything, but I think I have concluded that they are just not flavors that appeal to me.  We brought my niece and nephew to Snoh because they are huge fans of frozen concoctions.  Never having been to Snoh before, we were a little lost looking at the menu.  I asked the employee what kids normally get there and he said original with Oreo and extra chocolate glaze.  I got the mango ice with mangoes and caramel glaze.  I didn't really want a glaze, but he acted like it was an essential part of the dessert.  I have to say that it would have tasted much better without the caramel glaze.  My sister in law got condensed milk on the top of hers and she couldn't even finish it.  If you want to get out of your comfort zone, this is a great place to do it.   I, however, will stick to good old fashioned ice cream.
5 My first review on anything, but I think that Snoh finally needs a review from me being that I come here at least 3-4 times a week.  Clearly I have a major addiction.   Let's see.... Pros: - Price. Staff. Food. Environment. Location. -  The price is reasonable for what you get on your plate. The staff are all so wonderful and they actually make conversation with you and remember your face. And the snoh! Where do I start, it's just so... Amazing! I have several favorites, but my go-to would be the:  Taro Snoh with Almond Cookies, Strawberries, and Condensed Milk.  & I always leave with my Thai Tea milk tea with Boba.  The environment is modern and clean. I enjoy coming here since they always have an interesting movie playing for their customers.  Oh! And did I mention, they recently started doing BRICK TOAST. :))) That's just another glory to this place, just make sure you have you friends to help you out with this one .  Cons: - Store hours. - Honestly, I really don't have a con. If i really had to list something, it would only be store hours. But even that, it's not really a bother. Can't wait for summer so they can extend their hours again!
5 Ummmm this is the best stuff I have ever tried. I get the taro snoh with almond pudding and condensed milk. Just for the record, I'm russian and had no idea what taro and almond pudding were until I randomly tried it here. The combination is heavenly. Oh, and get the stamp card because you will be back for more, trust me.
5 Taiwanese ice babyyy. Everything on point.  Love the decor and the atmosphere here.  Hmmm so I've been here multiple times. They always tend to mess up my order. Lolz, BUTTT they fix it right away, very apologetic and yet accommodating. Overall, great customer service. The owner and his mom is very friendly. She speaks Vietnamese to me all the time. Super cute lady.  I always get the Thai tea boba, and of course the taro shaved ice.. yummmmmm go get your shaved ice now.
5 Loved the taro sno with almond cookies, almond pudding and condensed milk! Very cool place, would like to go back and try the brick toast next time. We were there on a Friday night and lots of folks hanging out, playing games, very nice place to relax with a sweet treat!
5 Snoh is my absolute favorite place to go for dessert. It's a little out of the way from where  I live, but I will always happily make the trip  for a Taiwanese ice fix. Now that I think about it, it's kind of an addiction. Snoh is a nice combination between shaved ice and ice cream. It's not too heavy on the stomach so it doesn't leave you feeling sick if you eat so much.    I always get Taro snoh with almond pudding(lots of it) and maybe lychee jelly. No glaze for me! I personally think the glaze takes away from the lovely light flavor of the dessert. My second favorite snoh flavor is honey dew it has a lot of flavor. What is also nice about this place is even though it is a small establishment and it can get quite busy at times is the staff is always very friendly.   All in all, great service, great desserts with great flavor. I absolutely can't wait for Phoenix to warm up so I can have my snoh and not shiver while I savor every bite.
4 This place is a bit baffling. I have been twice so far, one time was not good at all and the next time was excellent! I think I may have ordered the wrong thing on my first go (and that's why I gave it a second go and held off on reviewing). The first time I got the mango tango (or soemthing like that)...which was mango snoh with mango 'pudding,' mango jelly or something and some kind of caramel sauce I think.... it was really weird. Kind of tasted chemically....I think it was the sauce or the pudding (which was more like congealed substance than pudding). I left very sad. Anyway, the next time I went, I got thai tea snoh with nutella sauce and almond cookie...this was so ridiculously good. The Thai tea snoh had a great flavor...really captured the essence of the tea...the cookie gave it a good crunch and the sauce was nutella so it is pretty much required to be delicious. I will definitely be back again and recommend it....just order wisely my friends.
5 Love it! The only place that I have found in AZ that serves shaved snow! Was totally missing LA and the many shaved snow places there. Me and my friends were REALLY excited to find that it lived up to our standards. We went last weekend and it was about the 4th time we've been there AND they had brick toast NEW on their menu. It was pretty good, except I thought the almond cookie was a little weird on it, but overall it was a great taste of home. I got the taro shaved snow with condensed milk and black sesame sauce. AMAZING if you like taro and black sesame.
5 Loved this place. I ordered the Taro with condensed milk and fresh strawberries. It was too die for. Definitely want to come back to try everything at least once on their menu. The decoration inside was nice. Lots of artwork, big screen TV's featuring some sort of Asian movie, local business cards. I met the owner as he was taking orders & he was kind and friendly. The atmosphere is more hipsterish than I what I like, but the shaved ice here is so delicious that it definitely doesn't even matter. Highly recommend this place to everyone.
5 I've been here multiple times and have been impressed each time. The number of ice flavors and toppings seems to keep expanding.
5 I was introduced to Snoh by a coworker and have been back numerous times since. There was even a time where I went two weekends in a row. I don't even live close to Snoh but I'll make the trip out there any day.  No, Snoh is not a snow cone place. The best way to describe the texture is to compare it to fresh fluffy snow... or if you've ever ice skated before and used to make a pile of snow with your blades, it's a lot like that. The flavor is mixed in to the ice and isn't a syrup that they put on top. It's super light and refreshing. It's a great treat to have in the day to cool down or perfect for dessert after a meal.  I've tried their taro, strawberry, mango, honeydew, red velvet, and black sesame flavors. My favorites are mango and red velvet. With the mango (my usual go-to), I usually get lychee jelly and light condensed milk on it. The red velvet was a seasonal flavor but also one of my favorites. It was so good with the chocolate sauce. I wish they'd bring it back!  I've also tried their lychee bubble tea with lychee jelly in it. I haven't found a place in the Valley with good bubble tea until Snoh opened. It's so hard to decide whether or not I want Snoh or their bubble tea when I go in though.  If you go frequently, ask for their punch card!
5 Great place to have dessert after a heavy meal. My friend and I come here quite a bit and each time we leave happy and smiling. We always get the thai tea, it's the perfect balance of robust tea and sweet cream without being so sweet that you're thirsty for water.  The decor is very modern, with art work all over the wall mixed in with two hd TVs, the place itself has great lighting and isn't dark at all, gives it that perfect weather hangout atmosphere and the best part is that everyone is welcomed here from kids to adults and hippies to hipsters LOL.  New favorite flavor is the the regular cream milk tea accompanied by the red velvet(limited time flavor) with strawberries all over, perfect for valentines. Check the photo :)
3 Hmm,  this is definitely not for me.  This dessert is a little bland for an americanized taste.  I guess I have lived here too long and I crave a lot more sweetness.  I agree with Evan, the price and wait is a little much, not worth my time or money.  The desserts look really pretty and that is why I bumped it up a notch, but I will not be coming back.  After eating the top part that had condensed milk and the strawberries, I pretty much left the rest.  I am sure they are not going to miss me anyways.
5 I love this place. After eating at cherry blossom we walked over to get a dessert. I love their taro milk tea boba. And also their green tea Snoh w mocchi, peach and caramel. It has less calories but not minus the flavor. The concept is very unique and I love this place
5 Was not at all what I expected, but in a good way for sure. Super light and almost fluffy, if you can say that about shaved ice. Got the taro with almond cookie and black sesame glaze. Very good and a cool vibe in this tiny little joint that was packed on a Saturday evening.
5 I'm hooked!   I searched far and wide for a Boba tea joint in the valley. This seems to be the only one and it isn't a bad thing. The boba is fresh and flavorful and the Thai tea is delicious!  The "snoh"  is a very unique cold dessert. It is light like cotton candy, but creamer than shaved ice. It's a perfect fit for somebody who is trying to find a new way to relieve themselves from the brutal Arizona summer.   I recommend trying out the combinations that they have on the rolling display first to find your taste and go from there.   You can't go wrong with anything at his place. Some of the ingredients sound foreign but I haven't had something yet that tastes bad. Find your flavor baseline and you will never go back. I am done with froyo, Hawaiian ice and Gelato as long as I stay within driving distance from my new found frozen obsession, Snoh.
4 Really love this place compared to Snowmonster in California.. But this is the only snow place in AZ I know so.... -shrugs- This place could be better with some other snack foods like wings or nachos or something. I have salt cravings too y'know!
4 Last weekend I just happened to be in this part of town and after hearing many of my Yelp friends rave about Snoh, I had to give it a try. It was totally not what I expected. I've had snow cones and raspados many times so I thought I knew what to expect from a shaved ice dessert but man I was way off. It was so light and fluffy it is hard to describe it. I think Karen W. said it best when she compared it to frozen cotton candy. Not the taste mind you, just the texture and consistency. I ordered the Thai Tea and the snow by itself was very mild in flavor. But then they let you add all kinds of toppings so I got crushed almond cookies and boba with caramel syrup. They keep everything separate in the bowl rather than mixing it like Cold Stone ice cream because that would ruin the light and fluffy snoh. So, I really liked it that the cookies didn't get soggy and the boba didn't freeze. Each spoonful I tried to get a little bit of each element and I have to say that is a pretty good flavor combination I came up with on my first attempt. It was delicious! The place is small but cute and all the staff seemed friendly. Definitely worth a try if you haven't been before.
5 Went here and was so impressed. Song has some legit ice and flavors!  I got the taro with strawberry toppings and condensed milk.  The employees are super friendly and welcoming!  Go check them out and enjoy a nice snoh on a Hot day
4 I used to think snow wasn't as good as boba, then I visited Snoh during the Matsuri festival.   Mango boba snow with condensed milk was almost airy in texture and was something I've never had before - price is a bit steep but highly recommended if your looking for something then your boba fix
5 Holy balls this place was good.  I got the Thai tea flavor with boba, shaved coconut, condensed milk and black sesame seeds.  It was decadent, creamy,fluffy and not too sweet.  I can't wait to come back.
3 I Grouponed here and tried snow for the first time, it was pretty good, but it was really "airy". The guy working there wasn't the friendliest either, I asked if he could give me a second since it was my first time (and made sure there were no customers behind me) and he was kinda irritated..but I got my stuff and left. I've tried the Strawberry, Green Tea, Mango, and Taro flavors. For $7, you get a huge tub with two toppings and one glaze. My favorite is the Green Tea, cause I'm obsessed with green tea anything. Then this week I was craving green tea and tried Tea, Snow, and Coffee in Tempe closer to where I moved to and it was soo much better. There, it was creamier and less filled with air, but still very light at the same time. The people who work there are always friendly as well:)
5 Hooray Asian ice cream is making its way from Asia to California and New York, and finally to Arizona! This sweet concoction was one of my favorite treats during my childhood summers living on the West Coast. I ate this airy, refreshingly light ice cream as a kid and it has been years since I have had it again. How could my sweet tooth forget about this delicious treat? I suppose growing up in the Midwest where I pretty much knew it would be forever until it arrived, I suppressed my dreams of eating it again.  Thank goodness a fellow Phoenix Yelper, Andreina R. for discovering this wonderful, cheery place shaved ice meets ice cream joint (Baobing) and introducing it to me! Love the mild sweetness of the milk cream. Oftentimes, I find American ice cream on the overwhelmingly sweet side, so I was very satisfied with the perfect (in my opinion) balance of sweetness and flavor with the ice cream at Snoh Ice Shavery. Add on almond cookies, mochi, sweet red beans, and black sesame syrup and I was in ice cream heaven!   I agree with a fellow Yelper that there can be a wait if there are more than three people in line. I wanted extra toppings (i.e. mango and lychee), but I gave up after waiting for five minutes for the two people in front of me and convinced myself my teeth didn't need the extras anyways! The staff was very friendly though and I will definitely be back the next time I am in Phoenix to eat more Snoh and try the variety of milk and ice teas!
5 Wow wow wow. What an amazing treat! I haven't had anything like this before. The guy at the register was super helpful when I told him it was my first time. Basically you pick a nice flavor. Then you pick a topping like fresh fruit or something a little more sinful. After that you pick a topping they drizzle on top. The small is the perfect size for one person after dinner. I want to try everything!
5 So its the second time I have been here, and I shouldn't have waited for this review. From the moment I took my first bite I was obsessed. Even after my boyfriend and I left we discussed how great it was. For weeks since our last visit we mentioned how we should get snoh. We are pretty much replacing the words "ice cream" and "froyo"with snoh. The thought of all desserts have been replaced with the thought of our next snob fix.   Purple Fusion is delicious! Taro snoh with almond cookie crumbs, almond pudding, and condensed milk drizzle. The girl told us to add black sesame drizzle which is also bomb.I look forward to our next trip in, and to trying more flavors. That may not before a while though since we are so satisfied with our purple fusion.   STOP READING THIS IS GO GET YOU SOME!
4 DIY fro-yo is so 2009.  Enter the west coast's newest frozen novelty: Snoh! Based off the Taiwanese shaved ice treat, baobing, Snoh has it all... A light, fluffy, customizable frozen dessert without those icky "live and active cultures," now with the added appeal of Asian persuasion in flavors like green tea, Thai tea, black sesame, and mango.  Don't worry, there's still plenty of opportunity for terrible combinations of toppings and cups that not only permit, but encourage, spillover onto the table. It's everything you loved about froyo, only the texture is like thick locks of ice cream hair.   Snoh? More like Syes.
3 It's just ok.  Pricey.  I've had better.
5 stopped in cause i love Shave Ice but it's hard to find good stuff here.  the place is a decent size and very clean inside.  I ordered the Original with mangos and Milk Glaze.  i bought the Small cause it seemed really big (and it was really big) but it was so amazing that i wished i got the large.  the guy working the counter was friends and helpful and i can't wait to go back and try some other flavors!  People just need to be aware, this is NOT a snow cone place, if you are looking to get one of those you need to keep looking!
5 WOWZA!! Try this place ASAP! Too good to pass up, especially on those hot summer days. I love the Thai Chew, the tastes are amazing! I have yet to some back and try making my own creation..but surely will when I'm back on this side..
5 Very clean and hip place! We have been looking for a place like this similar to back home in Hawaii.  Found it randomly when doing a search.  It's kicking up the usual shave ice bowl to another level.  Prices are reasonable just like a yogurt joint.  Kid friendly because they have toys to play with lol.  Staff are very friendly too!
5 I don't make a habit of giving businesses 5-stars if they don't deserve it.  However, in this case, Snoh Ice Shavery deserves every star.  I have made it a tradition of visiting this business every Friday to start the weekend off with a bang.  It is the opposite direction of my house and I usually get stuck in traffic, but it's worth the trouble.  I have been here 3-4 times now and have ordered something different every time.  All of it was good.  I don't know what I'm ordering half the time, but I am always pleasantly surprised by the flavors and quality of ingredients.  Dang it.  I wish I didn't reside in the West Valley.  Just writing this review is making me hungry for more.
2 Service could have been better.. I walked in and was the only customer there along with my friend... Nobody helped us for 20 mins and when i asked a few questions they gave short meaningless answers Not going back at all
5 I was never much into shaved ice, but this place...let's just say I am addicted. I can't get enough.   The ambiance is great with a hip decore and nice art.  It has great location. The service is super good and fast.   I mostly order mango flavor with nutella. They have great selection of topings to choose from. Many different combos and trust me, you can not go wrong.   I am looking forward to my next visit....
5 Friday night, homework all completed, quarter tank left, where does this young college student go too?! SNOH!!! Yup, no parties but this ever-so delightful gem in Phoenix. The shaved ice is phenomenal, not to sweet, but enough to hit the right palette. Customer can get a choice of ice, toppings, and sweetener- I chose the condensed milk. Yummm... Anyways, great place to socialize with friends while at the same time trying there delectable treats. Great find!  PS: I drove 20 miles from Mesa on a Friday night to get here. That should say it at all!!
5 Ohhhhh man.....great place to get shaved ice....I had me a Mango Tango and it was the BOMB!!! Gonna try the other items cuz they looked yummy!!!....cant wait to go back.
3 It's nice to have places like this in the valley but wasn't as good as I expected. They were out of few toppings I wanted and the flavor was very bland.
5 My first thought when I walked into this place, it felt very much like home. There were earthy tones, art canvases for sale by local artists, soulful tunes out the speakers, and a friendly staff.   I ordered a regular sized cup with Taro, almond cookie, almonds, mochi balls, and condensed milk glaze smothered on top.   At first glance it was like no other dessert I've tried before. The layers truly looked shaved, like plowed snow from the edges of my snowboard.   As for the tasting experience, it was fluffy, as if you were to somehow turn your cotton candy into a frozen dish. It wasn't quite creamy like that of ColdStone, Thrifty, Dairy Queen, or Sonic, but I actually liked that. Meaning, I thought I ate a lot, by the look of the quantity, but I never felt full, or felt like I had a stomach ache, or had that "Dang it! I shouldn't have ate that!" feeling. Lol. No nonsense here. I have nothing but good applause for this new dessert in town. Absolutely delicious. I've tried just about every combination of Snoh, and their drinks as well.   I also have trouble saying no to the Thai tea with Boba at the bottom. That's my favorite drink! The orange colored one! It's deliciously addictive!   Almost forgot to mention, I really enjoyed the green tea with red bean, and black sesame.
5 Love the shaved ice!! Is was the best I ever had! I wish that we have this in LA where I live! This was an an icestastic place!!!
4 Delicious! The shave ice+ toppings combo is amazing. A great selection of flavors, toppings and glazes. We tried strawberry with mochi balls, mango pudding and condensed milk. I love that the shave ice isnt overly sweet. Fun interior, clean, friendly service... Will return to try more flavors and the bubble tea!
5 This is the most amazing dessert place in Phoenix. They have the best snow in all of Arizona!   The mix of ice cream and shaved ice is to die for. The flavors that they carry, along with the toppings and drizzle flavors are all so good.  If you come here you won't regret it, it's much better than any Coldstone or Dairy Queen.  Just be open minded and give Snoh a try !!
5 Oh so in love with this place! Boba taro tea (vegan)! Shaved ice is a healthy and delicious alternative to ice cream. And with all the Asian toppings available, it's a perfect place for kids and adults to try something new like mochi balls!  Clean and service is fast and friendly. We like the assortment of games that you can play there with the kids or your date. Especially like the fighting robots!!! Fun!
5 Delicious! Don't miss out! The shaved ice was very light and fluffy. It tasted like heaven! Haha I usually get the Thai tea shaved ice with boba and condensed milk for the toppings.  Get there early because the downfall is that the place is small. On busy days you won't be able to find a place to sit. I wanted to order brick toast for the first time, however, the place was so packed there wasn't anywhere to sit. They don't allow "to go" orders for the brick toasts so I had to cancel.
3 I saw all the great reviews for this place so decided to give it a try! I've had something like this in LA, so was super excited when I saw that they have something similar in AZ!  My boyfriend and I headed over after dinner, and there was no line when we got there. I saw all these amazing flavors, and wanted to try the Mango and Taro. Since we just finished dinner, I asked if I can get two flavors in the small cup. She said no, but said I could if I picked the regular size cup.   So we decided, alright, we don't drive 30 minutes over to this side of the town often, so let's get a regular size cup and try two different flavors! As we told the girl our order, the guy making the Snoh jumped in and said "We can't do that." The girl said, "I thought you can have two flavors if you get the regular size. I already told them that they can get two flavors with the regular cup." The guy says, "No, they can't do that. They can order a large cup and get 2 flavors."  First of all...WHAT?! WHAT?! How hard is it to shave two different flavors of ice into one cup? I'm sorry, but that service is ridiculous. Second of all, if the girl that works there told us so, she should honor it to us this one time. Third of all, another guy that "works" there helped make our small, one flavored Snoh...was sitting on the only couch available when we got there, and went back to sit on the couch with a girl after making our Snoh. If you work there...I don't care if you're a worker or the owner of the store...you don't sit on the couch and play with your phone.   So aside from the terrible service, the Snoh was very good! Ordered mango Snoh with red beans and condensed milk. We were full but we were able to finish that baby up!  Would I go back? Probably not. Unless I'm by that area and am seriously CRAVING it. I rather spend my money for great dessert and great service.
4 Coming from LA, I eat shaved snow a lot. SNOH kept it real and their flavors were great! We ordered every flavor and I have to say I really like the Green Tea. Definitely get boba and egg pudding with the green tea, it tastes amazing!   I docked off a star because the mochi was a little too hard for my taste.
5 I enjoyed the Pomegranate Iced Tea with Lychee Jelly. Also they have good Wifi and customer service. I recommend it. The loyalty program really pays off.
5 BIG fan!! A friend of mine and I were walking by and thought we'd drop in and I must say I'm so glad we did! The place is charming, the staff was wonderful, a very tasty treat and I will be back! I can't wait to try other flavor combos =)
5 This place ROCKS Hctor, lorenia, chris they are the BOMB!! Excellent customer service. The best dessert
5 I came here on Friday night with the husband and my littlest to get a post dinner treat.  First off, parking is a nightmare here on Friday nights with all of the surrounding eateries competing for the limited spaces.  I witnessed a near fist fight as some little buttwad driving a Fiat raced into a parking space that was about to be occupied by a middle aged father with his family in the car.  (The dad showed great restraint in not decking the young punk who cut him off.)    Finally my husband found us a parking space in the rear and we walked around and went inside.  The store is small but super cute with very attractive artwork hanging from the walls (and offered for sale) and light alternative music playing overhead.   We were newbies to this kind of treat so we each modestly chose a small sized, original flavor milk ice.  I had chopped strawberries and caramel glazed over the one I shared with my little, and my husband got one with sliced almonds and no glaze.  Our total was a modest $8 and the very friendly cashier offered me a punch card for future visits.   We sat at an inside table to eat and we loved our treats; they were light and sweet but not too heavy or dense.  It really was shaved ice.  I'm intrigued at the different flavors like taro and green tea and the toppings like lychee fruit, rice pudding and mochi balls, and they also had a photo of something called a brick toast, which looked pretty tasty...I'll definitely be back here at another time to check out some of the other offerings and toppings.    I'm glad I finally got over to this place to check it out!
3 I love this dessert a lot. Different texture than ice cream and gelato. It's fluffier and melts at the touch of the spoon. I've had the mango with real mango squares, green tea and the Thai chew. I didn't like the almond cookies bits on top since its on the dry side. Maybe if it was crushed even more and soaked in the snoh then it might have been better. The black sesame glaze is amazing!! The almond pudding (gelatin cubes) is a perfect pair for the Thai chew along with a bit of the mochi balls but not too much of it.   There was one time that I went and the lady at the register said there was no boba and I said good because I don't want it. But then when I got my snoh I ended up getting boba and she charged me extra for it! What the _____!! The line was way too long to say something about it. No biggie for something like that - but come on!!
5 When I used to drive by this place I was always so skeptical about a entire business just selling shaved ice. Sounded so silly to me, already making judgement on what could possibly be in this place.  I eventually walked by it after dinner next door, and oh wow. So glad I did, the place is very casual and very relaxing hang out environment could definitely see the place being a neat spot to meet up with friends and talk.   The shaved ice was totally unexpected. It was so so so good, never had a desert treat like that before ever. Definitely plan to go back and try some of their other options.  The shaved ice had the consistency of snow but how this place presents the treat is really cool. You customize how you want it first your flavor, toppings and then a glaze, which is unlike any shaved ice I've ever had, nom nom nom.
5 When I first walked in I was immediately taken by surprise,  it is so funky and as a cool feel. I love Los Angeles and I felt like I had walked right into LA. The shaved ice is unique and such a different type of sweet treat. Don't be scared of the funky flavors they are delicious and fun. The employees are great and really helpful if you are unsure on what to get. One of my favorite things to get while in LA is Boba and they have it at Snoh! I was so excited. Great place to hang out!! =)
5 Love it here! Great vibes awesome service!  my cousin loves the peach tea and I love the passion fruit tea w/boba.  I recommend trying out this cool place! You won't regret it!
5 Never had anything like it. Very impressed with the different spin on shaved ice,  lots of variety,  swanky and new decoration.  Date night worthy. We'll definitely be back!
5 I really like this place. I always order whatever they recommend and it is delicious.  They have interesting art, plenty of seating, and great service
5 Yay! Finally some shaved "snoh" in Arizona! I've been waiting for this concept to come here. Usually cravable food trends in LA eventually make their way here but damn shaved snow seemed to have taken its time to get here! What took you guys so long? I've been waiting for this for years!   Anyway, I am so glad this place has opened, as you can see lol. My favorites are taro, thai tea or green tea with mochi balls & condensed milk.  I saw on my recent visit they now have brick toast! Didn't try it because I was so full from dinner and was already trying to find room in my belly for my Snoh... but next time, for sure.  Only con is that it's quite far from me so i dont get to come indulge as often as i like. How about an East Valley expansion, guys? :)
5 One of my favorite places to stop by during the hot and scorching summers of AZ. You can't go wrong with getting some snoh to help cool you down. They also have milk teas and ice teas to quench your thirst. Glad that they brought snoh into the desert so that I don't have to drive to Cali just to get some.
5 I visited Snoh for the first time today at the recommendation of a coworker. I have never had shaved ice like this before, so it was a really neat experience. The young girl working behind the counter did a good job explaining what everything was. The shaved ice really is the texture of snow. I had coconut milk shaved ice with Oreo topping and condensed milk glaze. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it! I had a hard time choosing what flavor I wanted because so many of them sounded great.
4 Ive been here twice and both times they have run out of cups! It is very maddening. Please have more cups. I do have to say the shaved ice is really good but Im really just interested in the Boba.
5 Can't ever get enough! I have come here so many times. The atmosphere is hip and I love the art on the walls. Will I come back? Yes! I always order the taro with boba and condensed milk. I find it so hard to try other flavors! The brick toast is also really good. Super decadent and perfectly sweet. I'm so glad this place exists!
5 Anyone who doesn't like Asian shaved ice has no soul.  Literally, they must have no sense of adventure, whimsy and lightness.  After a huge heavy meal (usually Thai or Indian) I crave something sweet but I'm so full!  What to do? Snoh to the rescue. It is sweeter than ice cream, but manages the impossible!  It is light, melt in your mouth in seconds snoh.  Forget granitas, ices or snoh cones.  The texture of this is what I imagine unicorn tears to be.  You can customize with flavor of snoh, you pick your topping(s) and a glaze (extra sugar delivery mechanism).  If I were better at math I could tell you how many combinations you can make.  They have a van for parties, so you can bring it to the office should you like.  They have punch cards (which I've run turn embarrassingly quickly).  It is bright and fun, they have interesting art on the wall that changes.  They have board games to play should you decide to not focus on the snoh itself.  Oh and it has huge stacks of dessert toast.  Just order it and be happy.
3 So I'm not an ice cream person, nor do I really enjoy shaved ice, so of course I'm a bit biased. The milk cream was the only flavor I really could imagine what it would taste like (the equivalent of vanilla) and added to it, some Nutella, coconut and almonds. I barely tasted the Nutella...but I guess it was ok for what it was. The texture was a bit bothersome for me, kind of hard to eat...I think if you're into ice cream and boba...This will be right up your alley. If not, good luck deciphering the menu!
5 I love this place! It's right in front of my best friend's apartment. I love how they're expanding their menu but i still need to try the brick toast. Anyway, i love their taro and black sesame shaved ice top with condensed milk and boba and red bean. Mmmm The best shaved ice ever!
4 Frequented Snoh since they opened for their teas and boba, and was always pretty bummed that they didn't have a dairy free option for me to try.   BUT NOW THEY DO!!  The coconut milk snoh is amazing. Creamy and light all at once (its magical!), with a whole bunch of toppings and glaze options.   Their teas are super yummy and I love that they actually carry boba! My husband is obsessed with the taro milk tea.   Their loyalty/stamp card is one of the few that I always remember to bring in my wallet. Yay for free snoh!  Only a few bummers to be aware of-  They always seem to be out of at least one flavor whenever I go in.   Parking sucks. They share a lot with several other businesses/restaurants that is barely big enough for them alone. Not their fault, but something to remember. Carpool.   Can't tip on a card =(
5 Every time I'm on that side of town, I ALWAYS go to snoh! Staff is friendly and it's a really nice place to hang out. I usually see a lot of families in there. Also the desserts are flippin awesome.
5 I don't even know where to start. I thought I was an expert on shaved ice places, but man, was I ever wrong. Bahama Bucks has always been my favorite place, but this takes it to a new level.  First off, the ambience. You walk in and everything is crisp and clean. Definitely a modern feel, with a bit of comic book/gamer twist. You have art for sale on the walls next to posters of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.   You choice from 3 different sizes, 9 different flavors, 18 different toppings, and 5 different glazes on top. If you have any questions, make sure to ask the staff as they were quite helpful! I know other reviewers have commented on the service being shotty, but maybe they hired new people as everyone there was super nice and accommodating.   I didn't really know what to expect when I got my order. I made sure to get a little piece of everything in my first spoonful. Let me tell you, you have never tasted anything like it. The consistency was super smooth, and the flavors just jump out of the bowl. It was the best dessert I have ever had in my life. ever. bar none.  I did get a chance to try their Thai Iced Tea with Boba. It was really good. Nothing super special, but a good complement to the entry. They have a good choice of milk teas and smoothies as well.  Do not forget to bring your loyalty stamp card as you will be back!  I had gone to Cherry Blossom a few dozen times, and was always to full to try Snoh. Now, I will be sure to always save some room!
2 The shaved ice was awesome. I got a simple mango ice topped with fresh strawberries; it was light, soft, and I wish I would have gotten a larger size!   I guess I am the only person in town that doesn't like the taste of boba... Or Thai tea. But that is more of a personal preference than a complaint.  Now.. My 2 stars comes from the HORRIBLE service. Service is everything to me and I probably won't go back here. We came on Wednesday at about 330. There was no one in line except for us. This was my first time so I was reading the menu, looking at the flavors, etc... Instead of offering personal suggestions or asking if I had questions, he VERY impatiently tapped his fingers and asked, "are you ready yet?"   So yeah, the Snoh was awesome, the service.... Not so much!
5 Loveeee this place, awesome decor and dessert! Always comin back for more and always w the best service n friendliest staff who are great to me and my Freddy haha!!
4 Accurately charged for my snoh orders this time around from the guy at the cash register. Friendly. Enjoyed a cool  treat for the summer time heat! Will be back again.
5 Such a sweet treat on a hot summer day! I love the snoh here! I'm a fan of the taro, green tea, and black sesame with mochi, almond jello, and condensed milk. Any of these choices in any combination. The presentation makes it that much more tasty!
5 Thai iced tea with condensed milk and boba. Perfection. I love the flaky soft texture of the snoh ice. I want to make sticky snow angels in a vat of it. Be bold. Get red bean or taro. Avoid the boring strawberry.
5 A new favorite in Phoenix! Was craving for Boba and stopped in. The menu is just the right size. Not too many selections to confuse, but enough to satisfy. Had the passion fruit and lychees Boba with half the sugar. Made just right at a great price!  What a great find in Phoenix. Going to try the shaved ice next.
4 Took my daughter here on Saturday. Cute little shop lots of seating and great artwork! I had the milk snoh with boba, moochi, and condensed milk. Loved it, can't wait to return.
5 Love it!!! First tasted it at the Matsuri festival and was blown away. I haven't strayed to much from from my original selection although I swear every time I go I will try something new the taro flavor always gets to me. I love the taro with condensed milk and mochi.
3 The last time I came here I gave them two stars, and you can read why below... but I gave them another chance.  The service was (way) better than the last time I came and the Snoh was just as awesome, if not better. Not sure if I will be a regular but I will definitely stop by to take some Snoh to-go when I am in the neighborhood! :)
