5 I bought a balloon ride as a gift to my wife and we both loved it. Jon and his crew were very nice, knowledgeable and experienced. If we balloon again I would only use Apex and highly recommend them.
5 A last minute trip to Arizona seemed like an opportunity to check off an item that's been on my bucket-list, namely a flight in a hot air balloon. :) My journey started with a call to "2FLYUS" who was fully booked. They referred us to Apex with whom we originally planned to fly the morning after our arrival in Phoenix. However, I ended up losing my bag with my laptop computer upon arrival at the airport and spent the wee hours of the morning trying to locate it. This caused us to be late for our appointment with APEX. They did everything they could to make our situation less stressful while at the same time taking care of their other customers who had arrived on time. They did this by calling in Rollie from Firebird Balloons (which I also give 5 stars). While we didn't actually get to fly with Apex, I felt it important to put in a good word. They made sure we were taken care of even though we were running very late for the flight while at the same time not neglecting their other customers. And they did everything possible to eliminate the stress we were under. The bottom line is they made sure that we were taken care of. This is the mark of service excellence!
5 Great experience.   Since this was my first experience with ballooning, I don't have much by way of comparison but we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  My mother and I were in Phoenix for a long weekend and a balloon ride was on her bucket list. Spoke to Chad on the phone to make the reservation and he was easy to work with.  There were six total passengers on our flight plus the pilot and we had plenty of room - not cramped at all.  We were up in the air for about 75 minutes and had a smooth landing. Jon was great about pointing out sites around town and answering questions.  Would recommend Apex to others.
5 Absolutely unforgettable!  My husband and two kiddos went for our first balloon ride today for my husband's birthday.  First off, Jon and Chad were awesome.  They are very knowledgeable and friendly.  It's evident from the first moment that they love what they do and it shows.  We happened to be the only ones on the flight due to it being so early in the season so it was very personable.  Our flight was amazing....we soared at 7,000 feet, captured some amazing views and saw some desert wildlife.  Our landing was the ultimate--it was flawless and we got to land in the street of a residential neighborhood.  The icing on the cake was the champagne & juice celebratory toast at the end.  Jon is an exceptional pilot and if anyone was thinking of ballooning, I would highly recommend them.  You will love it!
5 Went for my first ever balloon ride with John at Apex and had a fabulous time!  My husband and brother also were along and had a great time as well. John was prompt, professional and fun.  Will definitely do it again and highly recommend using Apex.
5 Had an amazing trip with these guys.  Total pro's who love what they do and it shows.  Highly recommend.
