1 Adam shot our wedding at Ravella in Lake Las Vegas. Nice guy, but he did not plan appropriately. Most of our pictures were blurry and dimly lit.  Our family photos look like they were taken by a family member with a cheap camera. We spent close to $2,000 for our pictures and we only have a few that were ok. We had to hire another professional photographer to reshoot wedding photos 3 months later. I suggest you look around before letting this happen to you.
5 I am REALLY not sure why Adam has received such negative reviews.  Adam was the most experienced, considerate, and sweet photographer I have ever had.  I've had photos done in the past with my engagement and wedding photos with other photographers and they just don't compare to Adam Trujillo.  I had maternity photos done with Adam and he arrived 30 minutes early to the venue to scope out areas where he wanted to shoot.  He even paid for his own admission into the venue and I was fully expecting to pay for him.  I was impressed.  He knew exactly his vision and ours, he told us how to pose and what to do, he was also very funny and made us comfortable immediately.  He promised a time line of a week, and that is EXACTLY when I got my photos, a week.  He was diligent with confirmation prior to our shoot date and I am very happy with our photos!  I love his work and would definitely recommend him for all categories of photos.  Please do not let other reviews deter you from using him, he was amazing!  We will definitely be using him again for newborn photos.
5 Adam  first shot me about 3 years ago. At first i was a little nervous but about 10 minutes into the shoot, he made me feel more than comfortable. Adam is one of the most professional photographers I have ever met and his work.. well, it speaks for itself. He is amazing at what he does. The only reason I could think of as to why someone would give him a bad review is because they are THAT unhappy with their lives and their personal self. Adam, you are amazing!
5 My now husband and I are from Southern California and had our wedding in Las Vegas.  To cut down on costs from travel expenses vendors charge, we wanted to find a photographer in Vegas.  After reviewing a lot of blogs and websites, we decided on Adam Trujillo.  I reached out to Adam and he was very responsive.  We met a couple months later for our engagement session also done in Vegas.  We told Adam the look we were going for and we ended up taking our pictures in front of the Venetian and then Mandalay Bay.  Adam was extremely friendly and personable.  He makes every effort to make you feel comfortable and to get to know you.  About a week later, we got our pictures and loved them!  He also retouched 3 images that we wanted to use for our sign in table.  For the big day, Adam arrived early to set up and started taking pictures right away.  I recently received our wedding pictures and love them.  He was able to catch almost every special moment of the day.  There were tons of pictures- pictures of me and my husband, bridal party and so many of all the details!  He also caught so many candid pictures of our guests which I absolutely love and our guests are loving them too!
