5 This is a tiny little place that you'd never think to go in to. She was selling her wares at farmers markets and recently opened this location. We ordered pierogies to have for Christmas Day and decided to have lunch there when we went to go pick them up. We had the pork spare ribs with potato, peas and carrots. Yum! It was just like if we had gone to my mother in law's house to eat. There was nothing restauranty about it, just homey comfort food and plenty of it. I'm looking forward to eating the pierogies we brought home, I just hope I can make it until Christmas! If you can't make it to the restaurant you can go to the website and there is a list of farmers markets and times where you can find her food as well.
5 I work around the corner from these guys and considered going in there for months but never got around to it. I wish I'd gone sooner!! The Polish sausage was DELICIOUS and the bun was fresh and wonderful. It was a huge sausage, too! More than worth the $5.50. I also ordered the potato and cheese pierogies (something I'd never had in spite of being Polish by heritage) and they were to die for! I would often look at the menu and consider ordering some but never really felt like spending $7 for what I assumed would be a small order but just like with the sausage, they give you plenty for your money! Wonderful, fresh and healthy food and absolutely worth the price. The woman there was charming as could be and even offered to let me taste the sauerkraut for free (I can't comment on that; she had me taste it because I told her I didn't like sauerkraut and turns out I still don't!). Overall, it was a wonderful experience and I would recommend this place to anyone. Thinking I may try the meat pierogies tomorrow!
5 As close as I've ever gotten to being as good as my Babcias. The Potato and cheese pierogi are so good, served with fried onions and ham, with a side of sour cream. It is a bit far from my place but I will be going back. You can purchase the pierogi frozen to take home. Awesome.
5 What s secret treasure this place is. I had the polish and sauerkraut with a cheese crepe. Everything was great. The owner is adorable. The polish was HUGE and full of flavor. The crepes are warm and creamy. They melt in your mouth with goodness. I am so coming back to try one of the weekly specials. Their menu is simple but great
1 The place was clean.  They do encourage you to take out. Order was wrong peirogies mislabeled asked for mushroom  was labeled mushroom got meat.  The stuffed cabbage was undercooked  hopefully it was just a bad day for the kitchen.
4 Polish Goodies is something sort of strange.  When I came here, I had no problem believing that a large part of their business involved "exporting" their food to other venues ... the "restaurant" looks like a necessary afterthought.  And I put "restaurant" in quotes for good reason:  this literal hole in the wall, located around the corner in a non-descript, derelict shopping center looks like it used to be a former Chinese laundry:  the place is as large as my living room and has one of those tall front counters you used to drop your dry cleaning off at long ago.  The fact they don't take credit cards doesn't exactly help to cheer you up either.    But then you run into the owner.  Frankly, a very cheerful and helpful person.  The day we were there, she was running it all herself and I frankly felt sorry for her (though there are literally only a few tables in the place, so she probably can manage it on her own).  It also helps (her), that the selection is pretty limited.  But what they DO have is decently priced and lip-smackingly delicious.  What a difference from, say, pretentious "A Touch of Europe" cafe in Glendale, which fools naive Americans into believing that they should pay lots of money for mediocred-sized portions of food, that people in Poland eat everyday and is only special in Arizona, because most Poles who come here don't open restaurants  (try getting away with those prices and attitude in Chicago or New York, where there's real competition!).  Polish Goodies, I wish you had a bigger place, with a larger selection and maybe not serve my meal on paper plates --- a larger selection of beverages would be nice, too.  But for what you are and what you offer -- and for what you charge -- it's pretty hard to complain (even though I ALWAYS find something to complain about).    KUDOS
4 There is convenient parking right outside along the building which was nice. Although the place doesn't look like much on the outside or inside, it's the friendly service and delicious food that counts.   Half of the menu (left side) can be ordered when you get there, but the other half (right side = weekly specials) must be ordered with a call ahead of time. I wanted a weekly special since I made the long drive down, but that's okay, now I know. I ordered the potato and cheese pierogies which were freshly made and extremely delicious. They are dumplings stuffed with a potato and cheese mixture topped with sautéed onions and bacon with a side of sour cream.   The place itself is extremely small. There are maybe 4 tables. It's less of a dine in and more of a take-out kind of place. I don't advise large groups to come in. There is no seating outside and even water is $1 because they don't provide tap water, only bottled water.   The owners are a Polish couple who are extremely sweet and kind. They are very friendly and respectful and treat their customers very well. With that being said, the service was excellent.   I really hope they eventually expand into the next store which seems to be vacant and create a restaurant. With some advertisement they would be packed from the food and service alone.
