5 Shay helped me find a rental and even helped negotiate the cost of my rental down. He was very friendly and responsive to my questions. I will be buying a house in the coming year and will absolutely be using Shay. Thanks Again!
5 Absolutely awesome experience with Shay! He found us exactly the house we were looking for and negotiated us in there. Excellent service and we always felt that we had his full attention. After our fair share of Las Vegas real estate heartbreak in the past, hubby and I almost can't believe that we're moving into our dream home in just a few weeks! Highly recommend you work with Shay!
5 Shay is definitely 'as good as it gets' when it comes to real estate agents. He helped us find the perfect home for us at a fantastic price. He was always super friendly and quick to respond to our questions. He was also willing to show us several homes on short notice. We NEVER felt like we were a burden or unimportant to Shay. We recommend him to all of our friends and family members.
5 Shay was so helpful. He was quick to respond to any of my questions, he sent me plenty of homes to check out that matched my husband and I's needs and budget, he was honest, professional, and easy to work with. We are making the move from LA to Vegas in a short amount of time and he was able to find us a great home and even helped lower our rent! I am so glad to have worked with him.
5 Being new to the Las Vegas area, I found the task of finding a new home quite daunting.  Shay made every part of the experience seem effortless.  No matter what question we had for him or which property we wanted to view, Shay made it happen. If you are searching for a home in the las Vegas area, do yourself a favor and give Shay a call.
5 Shay was amazing!!!! He helped us find the perfect house for our family in less than a month!! We would highly recommend him, and we will use him for any future real estate endeavors!!
5 We are moving to the Vegas area and were looking for a rental in the Summerlin area. Although Shay does not specialize in rentals he was able to set me up with alerts based on what we were looking for in a house. We quickly found what my husband and I wanted because of the daily updates that he put out. His prompt responses to my emails, texts and calls made it possible for us to get in on the perfect rental. (I had lost out on a couple listings by other agents before because we were applying to properties from across the country.) Whatever issue we had about the application and lease process we had, he was able to give me an answer within 24 hours. Not only was a he a good liaison between the broker and the owner of the property, he went above and beyond to make sure our needs were met. For example, a pool table was included in the property when we did not want it, Shay gave me a listing and a price quote of a company that specializes in moving of pool tables. From what I understand, realtors hardly make any commission from rental properties, so I am thoroughly impressed by the efforts that Shay has done to help us. Buy this man a beer!
5 Shay helped us buy our first home. He was very patient and had an idea of what we wanted. Will definitely be using Shay for our next purchase.
5 Shay did a great job at making sure we got everything that we asked for and more. I would use his real estate expertise again and again! Thank you Shay!
5 Shay was all around excellent.  He guided us through the home buying and selling process knowledgeably and professionally.  He was so easy to work with and very available.  During the time periods we were "on hold," waiting for responses from other parties, he went above and beyond to call us just to ask how we were feeling and whether we had any questions or concerns.  I also believe it was thanks to his expertise that our home sold for a higher price than we were expecting.  I would recommend him to a friend without hesitation.
5 When it was decided that I was going to relocate to Las Vegas from The SF Bay Area, I started to look for homes on Craigslist and the MLS. I contacted a couple of different realtors and Victor Lopez was one of them that returned my emails.   Looking at home after home on Craigslist or the MLS was overwhelming...Victor emailed me back within just a short amount of time and stayed with me through the whole process of weeding thru all the listings to find a few homes that were going to be right for me. He set it all \up for me to tour the homes on a SUNDAY !! and as I only had one day to come out to Vegas, see the houses and decide, It was imperative that we stayed organized! He is awesome!! We found a house and got all the paperwork into to the property manager. Victor stayed on it the whole way thought and even went to pock up the keys to the house and meet me there when we arrived from California late Friday evening !! I am very excited to have met him and look forward to having him help me grow our business. His guy is def one anyone would love working with !! Thanks Victor!
