5 I have been to many wax places for every kind of wax... I am in the beauty industry and tough to please!!!!! I am so happy I found Audra she is professional efficient and amazing at what she does! They don't call her the wax whisperer for nothing!!!
5 I literally just got home from an appointment with Audra for a Brazilian wax and could not wait a minute longer to rave about her! Seriously the best waxing experience ever. I am still shocked by how quick and relatively painless it was. Do not look anywhere else! You will not be disappointed!!  Located in the Bloom Studios.
5 Audra did a fantastic job with my bikini wax today. She was very laid-back and made me feel comfortable (or as comfortable as possible given the job she was doing). She is educated about her products. She was thorough but quick. She made sure I knew what to expect both before & after. If I lived here, I'd see her every time I needed a wax. Plus, it's a beautiful salon and her room is comfy.
5 I absolutely LOVE Audra!   I have been a devoted client of hers for probably well over a year or so? I've had a wonderful experience EVERY time! She has a beautiful, clean studio and is such a lovely person. She has a very comforting personality and is so accommodating and pleasant. Her waxes are as painless as they come - and she is quick, very convenient!  Her prices are quite reasonable and she has always been flexible with scheduling and rescheduling when necessary.  I usually go for wax appointments, but I have had her facial treatment as well, and it was outstanding! Very relaxing and my skin looked fabulous after!  If you go elsewhere - you're missing out!!!
5 Virtually painless as far as waxing goes. Audra really is the Wax Whisperer, best pro I've found. She's also friendly and great to chat with. Her boutique location is always very nice. I definitely recommend her to anyone in the East Valley.
5 Audra did a fantastic job with all of my waxing needs and I will be going back there in the future instead of the other place I used to frequent.   She is very thorough and her studio is comfortable, clean and soothing.   Thank you for your services, Audra!
5 Audra is absolutely wonderful! I go to her for my eyebrow waxes and I have to say they have never looked better. It can be so hard to find anyone you trust to wax, doesn't break you out, etc.   She is so sweet, funny and kind. I love her easy going personality and the way she decorated her salon.   I would recommend anyone go see her and you won't be disappointed! Thank you Audra!
