5 Dr. Venugopal is a great and caring physician. I would recommend her for any medical needs. She is very thorough, and informative.
5 Good experience as always!
3 Really slow. Office staff isn't very personal. I can never hear them when they call. The doctor is great once you get to her. The hours are kinda lame too. My other doctors (3) of them as I have moved state to state, would write prescription for me for three months but this office insist I come in for an appointment EVERY month costing me an additional $160 a year. I know she's being safe but it doesn't come across that way when you do the math. My room today has a spilt slushy in it, I told the nurse when she put me in here and she just left it. Been waiting for 40 min now and the office is dead. I opened the door and asked how much longer and the girls were like "it's going to be a while she's got 3 patients ahead of you". I asked then why my apt was at 1130 and it's 1210 now ( I showed up at 1122). They asked if I had other things to do today and I said yes I have some pale to be at 1pm and they said they might have to reschedule. I'm here for a refill of a prescription I get every month. Do you see why this is so frustrating!!! Don't overbook!! I can't say enough though how awsome the doc is though it's just her staff.
1 Giving this business one star is highly overrated. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. When I was escorted into my room by the medical assistant, the dirty paper was still on the examination bed which absolutely disgusting. My wait to see the doctor was TWO hours. The office runs on a total of three people, two medical assistants, and one doctor, VERY understaffed. Every single person that works there is rude, slow, and simply does not care. When I finally got to see the doctor she didn't give me more than five minutes of her time and didn't want to listen to absolutely anything I had to say. Asked her to provide a note for my employer for missed work, which she did not provide. The appointment ended with her walking out of the room and SLAMMING A DOOR IN MY FACE. I have been a registered nurse for over 10 years and I would not trust my plant to be treated by her. I will be writing a formal complaint the Arizona State Board of Physicians because I am that unhappy with the way I was treated. The only thing this place "excels" in is pissing you off & ruining your day.
