5 Awesome price for iPhone glass replacement, good friendly service!!
2 So, i cracked my screen in las vegas (well, my wife dropped it) so i had it fixed here. They replaced the screen fine,  but when putting it back together they didnt connect a cable securely, (so that you can see the screen) forgot to put back several screws, and didn't replace the mesh screen filter where you put your ear. After a week, the screen went blank due to the loose cable, although i could hear phone calls and texts coming in. I took it to another iphone repair shop in my hometown, they opened it up and showed me how all of this was missing.   I would of taken the phone back here to rectify the problem but I am not in town any longer. I do give them credit for fixing the cracked screen at a reasonable price ($54 tax included), but they did not pay attention to the finer details.
5 Very friendly, fast service & a great price! I'm so glad I decided to get my phone repaired there - I feel so much better about it not having a broken screen!
5 Iphone doctor is awesome!! The service is outstanding and the staff is super friendly.  I came here after shattering both the front and back of my phone. The offered the best price and repaired my phone in less than thirty minutes. Highly recommend this store!!
5 Competitive prices.. Exceptional customer service.. I'd recommend this location over any other phone repair store in town based on the service provided.. Thx
3 I have to give this place three stars, because of the chubby guy working there who lacks people skills. The rest of the staff were really nice and helpful. Really, he needs to go through some kind of training to learn how to deal with customers.
5 I dropped my iPhone 5 and cracked the screen. I called almost every retailer I could find for quotes. The iPhone doctor was definitely the most inexpensive. On top of their great deal I found a voucher on yelp that saved me even more. Once I arrived Justin took great care of me. Even after another VERY unreasonable customer came in after me, he handled himself in a very professional manner. I handed over my phone and barely had enough time to go to the gas station next door before he was finished with the repair. My phone is as good as new and I couldn't have been happier with my decision to take my phone here. I hope to not have to frequently shop here but if I ever have another need I will absolutely return. Thanks Justin!
5 Justin was awesome! Gave me a great deal & fixed my cracked screen right away! Highly recommend this place esp if your looking for the lowest price, & GREAT cust. service!!!!!!! iPhone Doctor for sure!
5 I took my iPhone 5 here to get the shattered glass repaired after calling other places to get prices. They were the best priced and the service was great. They fixed my phone in about 20 minutes and it feels and works like it's brand new. Thank you!
1 I had got my screen repaired here which I thought was a good deal.  Turns out I was wrong.  Everything was working fine until about 3 days later when my touch screen stopped working.  I took my phone back and they looked at it and called me the next day saying I needed to purchase another part(some sort of cable) to repair it and that it wasn't covered under warranty.  Total BS because they aren't willing to warranty or stand behind their own work.  Taking my business elsewhere.  Also the Asian guy at the front desk was extremely rude to me.
5 Was in and out in 10 minutes. Had a cracked iPhone 5 screen and purchased the groupon ($89 for 1 Iphone5 repair worth $150) The guy told me it'd only be $100 which really only saved me $11 but whatever. I needed it fixed, and it's fixed no problem ;)
4 I dropped my iPhone 5 and shopped around to find deals. I stumbled upon a groupon and was happy to find the repair for $89 and that the place was very close to home. I called before I went in and I was told no problem it wouldn't take very long. He wasn't lying. Nice clean store, minimal merchandise but it's not a store for that, nice couch and flat screen and a friendly guy named Justin who fixed my phone in less than 10 mins. However, 2 days later my delete button started acting up. I took it in not even an hour after that and the guys put a new screen on in 5 mins and apologized for parts being faulty sometimes. I was just happy that they took care of it with no hassle and so quickly. Faulty parts is a common thing today. So grateful for these guys!
5 Great fast and friendly service.  I had my iPad 3 fixed there in less than 2 hours.  Great since I can't live without my iPad!  Will definitely do business again.
1 Worst glass and after market products used here. DO NOT GO HERE! Better off buying new phone, or claiming insurance. RIP OFF
5 Brought my cracked iphone to this location and was amaze by the result of it. One of the best iPhone doctor in Las Vegas! Also very affordable. Fast service and friendly staff. The tech know what they are doing and will not waste your time!   *If this location to far for you they also have another location at 1444 east charleston Ave. Las Vegas NV. 89104 *
5 Justin is the BOMB!!! He is honest and does awesome repairs. Fast and friendly!!! Come and see him for all your phone repairs!
1 I can't vouch for the job that they've done because the phone i brought it wasn't mine, it was my boss' phone. hopefully these guys will make me look good and the screen will function correctly.   What i am extremely irate about is that on this site they have a special, you pay $40 for a $50 voucher... nowhere on the voucher does it say that this is only good for iPhone4S and prior versions. I bought this voucher with every intent to use it towards an iPhone5. I think it's really scummy of them to put a special price voucher but not make any mention of the version it pertains to... Just remove the special price; don't draw people in and then tell them, sorry, this is only for the people who have last years model; thats like buying a gift certificate to a restaurant and being told, it only applies to yesterday's food... i mean c'mon! it's just tricky and really shady.   Luckily the yelp people are helpful and they were able to credit me the price I paid for an otherwise unusable voucher.
5 These guys are awesome.  They repaired my wife's IPAD screen first and it works great.  Then my iPhone 5s screen was totally shattered and the tech Justin was awesome and replaced it in less than 10 minutes while I waited with my 2 year old daughter.  Great work.
4 Got screen replaced quick, fast, and done right.. No bait n switch, just in n out. Staff was really helpful, inviting , and professional .
5 These guys r great! My review is actually coming from a couple months ago,my screen was cracked so bad I had cuts on my fingers! They fixed it and it worked fine..for a week..the screen started coming off so it was loosing sensitivity and I had to press harder. I took it back and they fixed it right away! I barely waited ten min (I actually sat on the cozy couch reading a book). They def get 5 stars in my book!
5 My husband broke his iPhone twice in one month.  The first time he shattered the screen, he got a replacement phone.  When it happened the second time, he checked into repairs.  He took his phone to the iPhone Doctors.  It took 12 minutes to repair his shattered screen.  The staff was very helpful and friendly and he was pleased with the customer service. He is overjoyed that his phone is better than new and I'm happy that it was fixed for a fraction of the cost of replacing the phone.  We would recommend the iPhone Doctors to our friends and family.  If your iPhone is broken, take it here before you even think about getting a new one.
