5 Been coming here since they opened. Great store (near the In N Out), store is set up beautifully with LED lights, and the livestock look great. I get almost everything I need for my reef aquarium from here, and they order anything not in stock. Eric really cares about the animals, and won't pick up any special order fish (or sell them to customers) unless they are healthy. I can't speak highly enough of this shop, what a great local business to be able to support!
5 Great store. Great help. Eric is the man!!
5 We just started our 65 gallon salt water aquarium.  Eric is super nice and has been a tremendous help with getting us going.  This store has a beautiful variety of very colorful corals and invertebrates!  I have looked and visited quite a few reef stores and I think Desert Reef Co has the most unique items.  Great place to learn more about different aquaria!  Will be going here quite a bit.
5 The more I go in the more I love it! The location is great (right off the Beltway) & the store layout is so customer friendly. The fish and corals are healthy, while Eric has more knowledge than anyone in town. If you are in need of anything, saltwater related, go to Desert Reef Co. Eric has all the answers and will beat ANYONE's prices.  Keep up the good work E!
4 This place has a nice selection of fish and corals. They have decent prices when it comes to corals and the fish look healthy every time I visit.The tanks are well kept, there is no algae proliferating over the glass and all their fish seem to have ample swimming space(unlike some stores that keep fish in a 10 in cubicle).  If you don't see something there, they will be more than happy to add it to their list. The owner, Eric,  is very knowledgeable towards the marine hobby and is very friendly. However, the only issue I have is that their RO/DI water seems to be pricey compared to other retailers. 5 gallons @ $2.70 (with tax I assume) is a bit higher compared to the $2.00 flat rate at other stores (other stores don't tax maybe?). Other than that, I recommend this store and encourage fellow hobbyists  to visit this location.
4 Great customer service and enthusiastic workers. They were excited to describe EVERYTHING in detail. On the smaller side but great variety of corals.
5 This is one of the best shops in town. Period.  The coral, fish, and inverts are always healthy.  The staff is knowledgeable and will answer your questions honestly.  The most important thing for me is that they're ethical.  They take care of their livestock and they feed their corals.  If your setup won't support the coral or fish you are buying, they will tell you not to buy it.    Plus, Eric is a saltwater encyclopedia - dude knows his stuff.
5 Fantastic customer service!!! Eric is always giving advice and is passionate about  his business.
5 The only store I trust. Always healthy fish and corals, if there is any doubt, Eric won't sell it to you, more interested in keeping your trust than a sale.
