1 I must have a sign on my back that says, "Please make my purchase with your company as large of a cluster-f*** as possible."  I thought The Room Store had horrible service, but DirecTv takes the gigantic crap-filled cake.    Having just purchased a new condo in Tempe, I kind of would like to have things set up relatively quickly.  So, the week before I'm set to move in, I go online and set up a package deal for internet/phone/tv through Qwest (who uses DirecTv for the TV end of the deal).   Qwest sets up an installation date for the second day after I move in.  I'm thinking, "great, that was really quick."  One problem:  Qwest only set up the phone and internet.  At no point did they tell me beforehand that I needed to set up a seperate install time with DirecTv.  Since I made a one-stop purchase, I assumed a one-stop installation.     I was wrong.   Very wrong.    On September 30, I called to set an installation time with DirecTv.  Having just purchased an HDTV, I requested an HD tuner (duh).  They said the earliest possible install date would be October 25 for even basic, normal, no HD equipment.  I grudgingly accepted that date.  What else could I do?  Fast forward to October 24.  I'm excited to finally get TV in my condo.  However, I have yet to receive any kind of call to set up a time for tomorrow's install.  I decide to call DirecTv and see what was up.  Guess what?  Not only was I never put on the schedule for a delivery date and time, but even if I was, they have a backorder on the tuners for an unspecified amount of time.  I asked the supervisor what day I could expect to actually get installed, he said, "I don't know."  That's a pretty effing bad answer if you ask me.  Furthermore, while they were willing to do a basic install (about a week from now) and then bring the HD tuner when it came into stock, they said I would be charged twice for installation, and when the tuner actually did arrive, I would have to cancel service and then reactivate service with all sorts of fun fees they were unwilling to waive.    The bottom line is, it will likely be two months between the time I ordered my service and the time it actually gets installed.    "Somebody up there loves you", but it sure as hell isn't me.  UPDATE:  I finally got installed, and guess what?  It looks like total crap.  Their "custom" install involved propping the satelite dish on my balcony and advising I "go buy concrete blocks to keep it from blowing over" and then running cables through my window and my sliding door and across my carpet.  Sweet!     They keep getting worse.
1 I called Qwest to get Direct TV's phone no.  I'm one of those people that are up late at night, working.    My favorite Direct TV stations (A&E, Bio, History & History Int'l, SyFi, USA, Spike) invaribly are paid commercials after midnight, and when I called to complain, I was told that is what the station wanted on the channel.  Why are we paying for commercials?  The rep was extraordinarily rude, spoke fast and wouldn't let me get a word in.  I told him I wasn't happy and it wasn't what he said, but  how he said it, so he must have taken a few complaints other than mine.  He told me to contact A&E and complain to them.    What customer service!  In today's market, they are lucky some people want to even have cable TV!.
1 i do not know what is wrong with this freaking company.  problem #1- I keep getting past due bills, however, my bank account shows that my payments are made in full. soooooooooo??  problem #2- I open these bills and see that I am being charged for 2 rented receivers- i have 1 receiver which i own, and that is the only one in my house. no idea where this 2nd one is coming from, however, the ppl on the phone seem to know that it's in my other room? UHHH, i have one tv. in my whole house. what tv in what room? have they been to my house? actually, i should invite them over so they can see for themselves. and then i can tar and feather them while they're here.  problem #3- I bought my receiver however they show that I paid $99 and that's the rental price. hmmmmm- my bank account again shows that I paid much more than that.   problem #4- Instead of crediting me for the invisible rental receiver they claim I have, they have been crediting me the rental charges for the receiver I own. UMMMM, no. not only do i need to be credited rental charges for the fake invisible receiver, but also the rental charges for the receiver I own but they think I rent.   Problem #5- I keep getting charged late fees- like I said the money comes right out of my account.   Problem #6- my HD channels stopped working during the 90 day service warranty period so someone had to come out. they charged me for that too. it took a 2 hr phone call to get it reversed.   Problem #7- i just opened my bill, and repeat problem 1-6. still not resolved after 3 phone calls.   this place is nothing but problems. i don't care how much I like the set up of the guide, i will never use directv again. i can put up with it if i didnt have a problem every month and be forced to talk to these people. they just can't seem to do simple billing.
1 They lied about everything when I signed up. They made up reasons not to honor any of the promised rebates or the $100 Visa gift card. I had the service over a year... during which time the bill got just a little higher each month... and then when I moved and couldn't mount a dish on my new house for legal reasons... they charged me a $300 cancellation fee. There is NO reason they will waive the fee, they will not honor ANY promises. They are a nightmare. BEWARE.
2 I have had DirecTV since mid 90's. I enjoy the quality but never the customer services... they treated you like thief and shit every time you called. It's a bit better now after losing significant business to Dish and local digital cables.  Unfortunately, it continues to show arrogance... and consumer hostility. So I have been rotating among local cable, Dish, and Directv purely for cost saving and poor services.... so Directv will not be the sole beneficiary of my income.  Recently I've signed up with Directv again and it's a bit disappointing on the service... as expected. But Devolution is the new name here.... a brand-new arena for Directv.  The flagship feature of new Directv is Cinema Plus... just another name for on demand... unfortunately it is and proudly so a pathetic downgrade. It's trying to fool you or train you to get used to the future habit... downloading movies.  So there are severely limited Primetime On Demand programs, comparing to its last version. Worst of its kind. And you have to "order" the On Demand programs... downloaded via your Internet. And there is a satellite dish out there....  Big Duh!  I'm stuck with a 2-year contract, slightly cheaper monthly bill, and missing quite a few Primetime shows on CBC and ABC and CW and Fox and...  So shoppers, shop smarter.
1 I've had Direct TV for about 4 years. I am very, VERY disappointed in their services. When we first got them, we got an amazing deal, so we really didn't want to let it go. However, when we first got them we were signed on to a 2 year contract with them.   We ended up moving a couple blocks down the street, and the lady said since it was our first time moving, we'd get a free installation at our new place. Yay!   When we finally called them out to install it, we had to pretty much yell at the guy because he was trying to charge us 100 dollars for installing it. When we told them it was supposed to be free, he acted as if we were crazy and sort of laughed in our face. Eventually, he called whoever it was in charge, and probably felt like a real D bag, looked at us and said "Yep, it's free.' handed us the paper to throw away, said "be right back just a sec" and walked out. Sat in his car for a good 5-7 minutes, and left with out a word. We didn't even know if it was 100% set up yet. When we called the number he gave us, it went straight to voice mail. When we called again, he answered "yes?" and when we asked him if it was done, he said "yep, i think so" ...What kind of answer is that?   So then, we eventually moved back out to Arizona. We moved there from Kansas mind you, so the bad customer service was from Wichita, Kansas. Nobody is really nice there, so that was expected. Rude as heck, but expected. Anyway, we moved to Arizona, and they said this time around it would be 100 dollars. However, once again...that same lady said if we waited like a year or so, it would be a free move again. It was a year and a half later when we moved to AZ so it should have been free. At this point, we didn't care so we paid the 100 dollar install fee.  As the guy was installing it, he was also ripping wires out. Having told the guy that this house was clearly a rental, he nodded at us and said "yea, i know rental rules don't worry ma'am" and continued working. He smelt like B.O., but hey...they guy's been working for how long, I guess that's expected to. Then, he starts ripping out our Cox cable wires. When we asked what he was doing, he said " This wire is useless, you don't need it now" So we just assumed it was a random wire. We did not know it was the free Cox Cable that our rental home was providing us!   By this time, I want to say that my 2 year contract should have been up by now, yet it was STILL going, and they said I still had a year to go.  I called BS here, because it was well over 2 years, but we stayed on it, and the moment April 19th rolled around, we had it shut off. When we had it shut off, we now have a living room with no cable, because the guy ripped the cox cable cord out with out our land lord's consent.  When my mother called in and asked about it, the lady was HORRIBLY rude. Said that if we had a problem we should have called with in 90 days of the set up to resolve the problem, and now there is nothing they can do and we'll just have to spend our own money to fix the problem THEY caused.   Four days later, my fiance' (the one paying for Direct TV) gets credit card fraudulent charges on his account. I'm not saying it was the lady my mom spoke to, but how IRONIC that four days later after talking to some woman, this happens. Wow!   Anyway, my moral of my long, detailed story is....Direct TV has some good deals, but their workers,representatives, and everyone under them SUCK. If you live in a rental, most companies need a written paper saying they are allowed to install their services at said rental house, but teh lady on the phone said that Direct TV is the only company that doesn't require that. Go figure, and after the guy was done ripping everything out, he left the wires chunks all on our floor, got mud on our carpet from his shoes, and got his dirty hand prints all over our white door.   I'm giving Direct TV a 1/5 stars, not specifically this Direct TV in Tempe, Arizona...but Direct TV in General. You're better off going with someone else, at least other places work with you instead of against you!!!
3 After reading a couple of the reviews on here I felt I should write a review based on my experience and advice my neighbor gave me, who is an installer.  The first thing you want to do is make sure you sign up through Directv corporate.  This means calling the number you see advertised on tv and through their website.  One reason for this is the installer must adhere to strict guidelines regarding dish mounting, cable runs and grounding.  The installer must also use only Directv approved cable and other installation materials.  To make sure these guidelines are followed, Directv sends quality control teams to randomly inspect installs.  This ensures you get a quality install which significantly lowers the chance  of service calls.  The other side of Directv is called the "retail" side.  These are independent contracters that set up booths inside of stores such as Best Buy, Walmart and Costco.  Generally these retailers are not bound by the rules of Directv corporate.  There are no quality control teams doing inspections and the installers can use substandard or cheaper cable and materials with no repercussions.  Also there may be extra installation charges called custom fees that Directv corporate usually would cover.  This includes special mounts that Directv gives away for free just to get your business.   Usually retailers aren't required to perform background checks on there installers.    One last tip is regarding their protection plan.  Its a monthly fee you pay that covers you against service calls and equipment failure.  Usually resetting the receiver will resolve any issues.  If it seems like the receiver is just dead or you aren't getting any service, add the protection plan before you call in to schedule a service call so you aren't charged.
1 I Agree with the last reviewer!!!  Direct TV has the worst customer service department I think I have ever dealt with in the last 20 years!  I am educated and been in the corporate world for the last 20 years.    At the beginning of my services- (because of price) I was going to bundle all my all services.   The Bundling department was HORRIBLE.  After talking to 3 different reps....being hung-up on, talking to a Supervisor that could have cared less, five hours later and a few tears- I canceled my bundle.   I called back the next day and canceled everything except the tv portion of the services (I REALLY wanted the DVR capability through-out the house). I really thought is was just the Bundling Department that was so horrible...but I was wrong.  Ten days into my service and my DVR was having issues- recording only 1/2 my shows.  So I called technical support.  A gal answered and I explain the situation very politely...and there is no response back.  Dead silence.  All the sudden I say..." are you still there."  She says "yes- please give me a chance to review your account."  I said back to her " oh, I didn't know you were still there... you didn't say anything, I thought we were disconnected."  With a condescending voice she states..."m-a-m, P-L-E-A-S-E allow me to review your account."  WOW.  The next five minutes on the call was horrible.  I told her I needed to talk to someone else...so I hung up and called back.  The next person was just as bad and blamed my DVR not recording several shows on AZ local broadcasting stations... that it was not Direct TV's fault.    I couldn't believe it....I asked for a supervisor after he talked to me in a condescending voice and was rude...and he put me on hold until I finally hung up after 15 minutes.      I am going to try to cancel my services before my 2- YEARS is locked in!  Now I know why they do the 2-year contract.
1 - 10 stars. Terrible shady company!  CRIMINALS!!!!!!!!
1 Direct TV's Customer Service is Some of the Worst Imaginable.  If you have other options (which you do) I would look elsewhere for viewing options.  Not only are they incompetent..... but border on sleazy with viewing rebates that are next to impossible to claim.  If you like to be lied to, and spend countless minutes on hold, speaking to a vast number of morons..... Then Direct TV is the company for you.  If Direct TV vastly improved.... they might reach a level of "Low Suck".
1 the 'NEW Guide"   SUCKS, SUCK, SUCKS,     looking at white print on a black background is like looking at headlights coming at you in the dark.  there are 'rings' aound the letters for anyone over the age of 40.     I guess Direct TV has all 20 y/os workking in the home office.      The 'cusotmer service' line takes a good 4 mintues to work though before you get to a human being.   SUCKS.
1 I for one will NEVER deal with directtv again! They are completely misleading signing you up through Centurylink). They give you all this mumbo jumbo language that no one understands in an effort to just confuse you and sign you up for things you do not need. When I signed up for service I was never told about a $90 fee to move service to a new address because I was a customer with them less than 12 months. I had my service suspended and it automatically started billing again without any notice and I was not even getting the service!!! When I call to remedy the situation they still try to charge the $90 fee. Once I tolod them that I could not pay that and to cancel my service they want to now charge me $400 for an early cancellation fee I am so dissapointed with there service I agreed to pay the $400 just so I will never have to deal with them again! SHAME ON YOU DIRECTTV FOR TAKING ADVANTAGE.
3 I have been with DIRECTV since September 2010 when I ditched Cox Communications and their yearly rate increases.   Acourse, I was lured to DIRECTV by the amazing new customer specials.  I signed up for their NFL SUNDAY TICKET promotion.  Basically, it was new service with free NFL SUNDAY for that season with free installation.  Picture. Sound. Reliability. All Good.  The problem started for me when they started charging me $10 for HD ACCESS FOR LIFE.  They started charging me this after about a year has gone by.  I called them and the agent told that it was only FREE for life if I signed up for auto payments.    I told him that was not true.  The installation technician told me it was free for life.  I also told the agent that I barely starting receiving this charge after approximately twelve months of service.  The agent is an idiot.  Put me on hold forever.  Came back and said that to get it reinstated I had to sign up for auto pay.  I told him to stick it and I removed other services from my account like total protection and downgraded my package.  They raised the primary receiver fee from $5 to $6 per month.  DVR monthly from $7 to $8 per month.  All with-out prior notification.  They are sneaky A-HOLES and you need to monitor you bill closely.  The only reason why I stay with DIRECTV is because I have no contract and I have my services and packages at the levels that I am comfortable paying.    Besides, they are better than DISH and definetly better than COX.
4 I've had Direct TV for 12 years. I was very pleased with a special DirecTV had in November 2011.  I received a HD DVR installed for FREE! I signed up for direct pay eliminating the monthly HD DVR Fee. The installer was great....showed up timely, provided instruction and was very pleasant to deal with.   I love the option to order pay-per-view movies via text on my cell.  I've never had any 'hidden' fees.  While some customer service representatives are less than helpful,   I've been able to resolve any issues I have in a reasonable amount of time.
1 Do NOT sign a two year contract with this company!   The original deal I signed up for, was $61 for the first year, $85 after that. I'm only 9 months into this contract, and they notified me that per contract they were increasing my monthly payment by $5/month.... So now I'm at $66 for a few more months, and then it'll jump to $90. Okay, that sucks, but whatever....   I woke up today to discover they had dropped comedy central, nickelodeon, and about a dozen other good channels. I called them to cancel service (TV without The Daily Show isn't really worth having) but was told that I'd be charged the $300 cancellation fee. I explained since they were no longer able to provide the channels that I signed up for, they should let me out of this contract.... but I was told the contract clearly states that programming may change.   So basically, if you sign up with Directv, you are agreeing to give them money, whatever amount they choose... and they agree to give you 250 channels of infomercials... or whatever channels they choose. By the time you realize you are being screwed, it will be too late to cancel without penalty, and you will be stuck for two years! Don't do it!
1 Not a review for this location, but DirecTv in general.  We thought we would save some money bundling with DirecTv and Century Link services.  I checked the Century Link site and it said not available in our area.  The DirecTv rep assured me it was available in our area.  So I take time off of work for the install.  CL would install sometime the next day.  However, after I leave early from work, CL tech says he cannot connect internet in our area.  I call DirecTv to cancel.  They say they will send a package to mail DirecTv box back.  So now, we have NO cable, NO internet.  The old service (Cox) is disconnected.  And, a worthless dish on the roof that DirecTv will neither take back nor uninstall.  What a waste!  What a useless company!  Called Cox and a tech came out next day to reconnect, since DirecTv left our services a mess.  I told them we were trying to save money, so they reduced our bill for 6 mos.  Not great, but much better service!
1 Horrible customer service.  My satellite is out and they can't come out for 5 days to look at it and they only have 8-12 available so I'll have to miss work. Next evening or weekend available isn't available for 12 days. Ridiculous.
1 Terrible customer service. They will not answer letters in which I explain my concerns. They charge you for equipment you already own and threaten to terminate yourservice when you point this out, AND to apply the early termination charge. I suggest a letter to your states Attorney General and filing for a judgement through your states Small Claims Court system.
1 We had Direct TV as a couple (married) at our address for nearly three years.  Upon separating, he moved out and took the service with him.  I waited two months and ordered my OWN service.    I went through a 40 minute set up call.  I was told someone would be at my home between 8 and 10 am on Saturday.  I then received a call on Saturday stating that I was committing "fraud" and that no one would be out on Saturday and that I could upgrade my services if I wanted to.  I had the MOVED OUT EX call in and straighten it allll out with them.  I called this morning, "Appointment good?"  "Yes."  I sat around my house for FOUR HOURS waiting for them to show up.  They never did.  I call in AGAIN.  Now they are accusing me of fraud under a completely DIFFERENT last time.  We have been disconnected 14 different times and called six different numbers trying to get this straightened out.  Needless to say my last call was to say come get your piece of garbage satellite off my wall, patch the holes, and I'll be on the phone with Cox.
1 Not happy, changed from dishnetwork to Direct TV a year ago. The person who we signed up with initally didn't tell us that after a year they jack up your pricing by almost $50!!! We have another year to deal with them and will be firing them as soon as we can!!!! READ ALL FINE PRINT!!!!! We are just going to buy a kinect and get netflix.... it's $100 cheaper monthly! BAD BAD BAD BUSINESS DEALINGS!!!!
1 There's bad service and then there's DirecTV.    We ordered service last Friday and got an installation date of yesterday between noon and 4 p.m.  (A 4 hour window is ridiculous but fine, we played along.)  At 3:50, we received a call from a dispatcher stating that our installation guy was running a few minutes late.  At 6 p.m., we called DirecTV only to discover that they had rescheduled our installation to THREE DAYS FROM NOW without asking or even informing us.  My husband spent about 30 minutes on the phone with a supervisor who insisted that there was no way they could rectify this (as in coming sooner).  If things were this rough just getting started, I shudder to think what an ongoing relationship might have revealed.    We are going back to Dish with our tail between our legs.
1 My bill every month is a surprise.  I was originally quoted a specified monthly charge for CenturyLink bundled with DirecTV.  I have yet to see a bill EVEN REMOTELY close to what they originally told me it would be.  I have lost all patience.  I originally went with them when I pricechecked them when my contract was up with Cox.  Since they have no qualms about quoting an inaccurate bill per month, they received my business.  NO MORE!  I have had both Cox and DirecTV.  I cannot stress this enough: IF YOU HAVE A CHOICE, CHOOSE COX OVER DIRECTV!
5 Wow, I'm surprised to read all of the negative reviews about Direct TV.  As a customer of 13+ yrs, my experience has been nothing but fantastic.  Here's why:  + They're very prompt in fixing any issues I may have.  + Their installation guys always give me several options on placement of dishes, routing of cables, etc before they complete the work.  + I've moved twice in the past 5 years and each time, they set me up with a new dish at a cost of only $25.  + I've had 2 receivers die on me in the many yrs as a customer and they've replaced them promptly.  + Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have my bills set to automatically pay online and I've never had any issues with billing.  + When I call the customer service line, I get connected very quickly with a representative.  When they discover that I'm a long term customer, they've waived fees and/or expedited service when needed.  + The channel selection is incredible.  How else can you watch all the NFL games all season long, go Cowboys!  + Besides the rare occasion during thunder storms, I've never lost reception on a signal.  Overall, it's been an awesome experience for me.  I can't live without Direct TV and will never use cable or Dish Network.  Return Factor - 100%
1 Requested an additional box from DirecTV who sent out a technician to drop the line and install in new room. The tech tells me that the box is an "older unit" that looks like your Mom's VCR and that they will have the current box in stock the next day. He tells me all I need to do is call DirecTV and they will rectify the situation.  I call DirecTV the next day only to be told that my box is functional so they can't replace it. I tell the kid on the phone that cars are functional, but when you buy a new one you want the new one.  He continues on to tell me that there is no 30 day return period and I can cancel for $400.00 now that I took delivery and agreed to 2 year policy extension. Bottom line, if you need NFL package your only option is DirecTV and they will yank you around and treat your poorly because they know they have you by the balls.
1 I would not sign up for Direct TV again if they were the only service provider on the planet.  I had an issue with my HOA and tried for weeks to get it resolved through DirectTV.  I was lied to and mislead from every Customer Service Rep I spoke to.  No one knew what they were taking about or knew the policies of the company.  Always pointing the finger to someone else that can help me fix the problem.  Don't waste your time or money with this company.
3 I have had DirecTV in the past.  Not bad, but they put you on a contract and when that contract is up, they raise the price.  Buyer beware on this.  It's in the small print.  The new Genie is nice, but honestly it's slow to respond to the remote control, Search doesn't do a good job of searching for shows, especially a month or so from when the show starts up.  Dish does a much better job at that and their unit responds quicker.  The slave units in the bedrooms or alternative locations require that the main unit be up and running.  So if you try and save electricity or you are painting the main room you still have to have this up and running or nothing works, even if you just want plain TV and don't need access to recorded programs.  When I moved the main unit to paint the wall behind, I ended up needing another tech to come out and reinstall it because it wouldn't get a good signal.  Tech came out and tried three different boxes, thinking that the unit was just bad.  After about an hour and a half of trouble shooting, the unit just magically started working.  Changing programs or removing programs requires you to call up and order or remove, unlike Dish, where you simply click on a box on the website.  No need to call in.  When you do call, the automated system can't even remove the extra programming, you still have to talk to someone, so why even have an automated system for that?  Makes no sense at all.  Signal quality....it's a scam.  It's essentially the same as Dish.  The DirecTV tech says that their signal wont be lost during the monsoons, although the last time their signal was always interrupted by the storms in the area.  So maybe they have improved since the last time.  We will wait and see.
2 I must say we always had pretty good service with Direct TV/Century Link for many years. In March a represented was walking the neighborhood and we took the time to listen to his presentation on Prism TV. After providing him with our recent bill,  he showed us the promotion and explained how much cheaper our bill would be. They also included a $100 VISA gift card after installation and a 30 day wait period. It is now July 2, I have made two phone calls and they still can't get our bill right! We are not saving the $30-35 per month. This is frustrating as each phone call consumes at least 20 to 30 minutes of my time and they never seem to getvitvright,just promises. Prism is fine but the customer service is terrible. My second phone call was with a supervisor! Yug I dread making my third call .....
1 I do not have DirecTV installed yet, but so far the customer service I have received is extremely poor.   Decided to get DirecTV due to an offer that DirecTV was running with Costco.  I'm not going to go into detail here, but basically when you are a Costco member you get DirecTV rebates and discounts not available otherwise.  I called a special number required to get the offer and ordered over the phone.  I would do it on-line, but from what the info says, you must order it on the phone or at Costco to get the special deal.  But also note then when you order on the phone as opposed to on-line, you pay an additional $20 "shipping and handling" fee.  Also note the installer brings the equipment to your house, so what they are actually "shipping" I have no idea.  So order on the phone, say I want the Costco offer, etc.  A few hours later I get an "Order Confirmation" which contains the normal charges you would get for signing up, but NONE of the benefits of the Costco deal.  What they did manage to include is 16 pages of every known fee or charge I might experience, in very fine detail, but any additional discounts are nowhere to be found.    I called them up and they say I will at least get the rebate, but they have no way to tell me that in writing.   As for the additional third year discount promised, even the sales rep admits that is no where to be found.   I think this is bait-and-switch. They expect me to agree to all of their terms, but could care less about providing the benefits they are promising.  If they can't be honest with customers early on, can you believe anything they say?
1 Yikes!  I don't have the service, but as a longtime Cox customer I'm getting the feeling that there are better deals and service available.  So I called Direct TV.  I get a frantic 20 something girl probably on her 3rd red bull of the day.  But I deal.  She tells me the details of the DVR genie ... sounds good so far. After giving her the details of my service with Cox, I ask her what the equivalent package would cost with Direct TV.   I KID YOU NOT, she says she can only tell me the price by running a credit check, and proceeds to ask for my Social Security number.  That's right, in order to get a quote, I have to take a hit on my credit report.  She then gives my some BS excuse that she has to find out if I "qualify" for the premium discounts.  When I tell her I wont take a hit on my Credit report just to get a quote, and ask instead to hear what the price range is with and without the "qualified discounts," she refuses to tell me a price.  Flat out refuses.  Her exact quote was "you can go online and see that packages start at  $29.99."  Wow.  They lost me at hello.    Sounds good on paper.  The DVR genie looks fantastic.  But that's a massive red flag to ask for a social in order to get a quote.
1 Be very careful with these guys. I was told I would receive the Costco gift card, an hd receiver and a genie receiver all for one price including nfl ticket. Turns out the tech shows up with two standard receivers (not hd) and cust service says going to be an extra 20 a month if I want HD! Wow! Also said they don't do the Costco gift card that I was promised during the initial call. Sent the tech packing and truly happy to avoid lies, misconceptions, and headaches for the next 2 years. Be aware the sales guys will tell you anything to get you set up for service....anything!!!
1 First off, let me say that I have NEVER had a worst customer service experience that with your company.  It all began last Thursday (8/8/13) when my cable went out and was giving me service error 775.  I work full-time during the week so I did not have time to call and deal with the issue until Sunday afternoon.  Sunday afternoon I call your service help number.  I spent three hours on the phone with different departments trying to trouble shoot the issue.  Once they realized it was a problem with the satellite and a tech would have to be sent out they told me to call a different number. I hung up and dialed the new number; 1-877 -288-2888.  When I called this number I got a message saying the offices are closed.  This was around 4 PM on Sunday MST.  "Great, now I have to deal with this during the work week," I thought.  Monday morning bright and early I call into to Direct TV to get a tech ordered.  After being on hold for an hour and half I finally got through to someone.  First he informed me that the offices are open Monday and the phones were having technical issues because he had heard that from several other people.  You are a technology supplier and you don't even have phones that work? Wow.  Anyways, he asked me all the same questions that I spent three hours the previous day answering and he kept saying it was issue 771, which is incorrect.  May 21st, not even 90 days previously I have to have a tech come out for code 771.  Now this is code 775.  Direct TV can't even go three months without their faulty systems going out!   Next, I was transferred to his supervisor named Chad (ID #SCGS), when once again I had to tell this whole story and issue.  Can you please have your employees inform the person they transfer you to what is going on so the customer does not sound like a broken record?  Also, make notes of all conversations on the account!  Chad told me he would place another order for a new tech to come out later this week.  When I informed him that I could no longer wait for a tech or waste anymore of my time and that I wanted to cancel my account he said he totally understood.  He took a look at my account and noticed that certain packages, including NFL network were charged to my account.  I did not authorize any of those updates and I do not want them! You as a company cannot just charge people's accounts for items they do not order!  He refunded those to me, and I pray to god that in the past year I have not been paying for extras that I did not order.  This is the shadiest company I have ever dealt with! Chad said because of all of these issues and how infuriated I was that he would cancel my account with no fees associated.  He had to transfer me (YET AGAIN!) to an accounts payable representative to actually cancel the account. He transferred me to Gina in the Tennessee office.  I honestly thought things could not get worst, but oh boy was I wrong.  Gina was so rude and gave me so much attitude.  She informed me it would be over $250 to cancel my account.  When I informed her what Chad has said, who transferred me to her and was on the line at the start of the call, she didn't care.  I was transferred to Casey (ID# TRG56833) her supervisor.  If it's even possible to have a more rude and obnoxious employee, Casey was in fact just that.  She spoke over me and was rude and didn't even care what I had to say.  At one point she said she was just going to hang up.  Is this how you treat all your customers who pay $150 a month for pictures in a box?  I was flabbergasted!  After speaking with her for well over 30 minutes I had to do anything I could to get away from this company. I want the charge for my cancelled account removed and I never want to hear from Direct TV again.  I will tell all my friends and family to never get service with you.  I have had Cox for years and never had issues like this!
1 I had been a long time customer of Direct TV.  I needed to cancel their service, i turned my boxes into a authorized rep of direct TV rather than mailing in the box provided.  Understandably thats not their process, however the way they handled thecsituation from there was very poor.  I have never deltwuth uncaring peole more except for in govt.  they go through allthat bs about $10.00 credit each month for refering a customer.  They dont give a phuck about clients.  I numerous phone calls and not once did they show any customer service.  I was considering going back after a period of time ( my wife and i had to take care of elderly parent for extended period in another state).  They didnt care about anything other than there point of view.  We werent in a contract, so we werent avoiding any obligation with them.  They admitted to receiveing the boxes back, but wanted to tell me that if i didnt send them back in the provided boxes, they would charge me for unreturn boxes.  I didnt have them, they did and they admitted it,but i still needed to return them.
1 I don't even want to give this company one star; I would give it about 100 negative stars if I could.  They are the most incompetent, poorly run business I have EVER encountered.  The dim-witted technician walked out of my house during the install because he was "upset" with me.  I was not happy about having to sign a 2 year contract and I guess that was just too much for him  Poor little man.    They are nearly IMPOSSIBLE to contact.  They repeatedly lied about having called me back.  They didn't call me back when promised.  WARNING:  DON'T DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!!!!  Put the word out!  I tried to contact the executive offices about my complaint and this is nearly impossible.  I think these sleezes are hiding from the public they are cheating and lying to.  WORST COMPANY EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 It is INCREDIBLY annoying watching sporting events on DIRECTV.  I don't know how or why, but when you turn the volume up loud enough to hear the network announcers then the crowd noise, stadium announcements and commercials are SO loud it blows your ears out.  We go out to the TV on our porch to watch the games on a local station so we don't have to put up with it.  To think we pay money for this.
1 After having been a DTV customer for 12 years, I needed to cancel my account as I am having a major surgery and will need to be in a rehabilitation facility and a long term care for some time. You would think that canceling my account, which is in good standing and always has been, would be a simple call, NO WAY. After being put on a lengthy hold, a cancellation specialist finally answered and informed me that I would be charged a $260.00 CANCELLATION FEE! When I informed her of my 12 years of service with DTV, she informed me that "Every time you get new or upgraded equipment, you are signing a NEW 2 YEAR LEASE. ????? Last year I moved and when the installers came to move my service, they informed me that my equipment was "old and no longer viable" and advised that I MUST get replacement equipment as they COULD NOT install my service with the old receivers. As I didn't believe them, I called DTV while they were there and talked to a manager who , after speaking with the installers, confirmed that I needed new equipment.THey quoted a price of over $600.00, including the installation (so much for "FREE MOVING" promise) for 2 receivers (yes 2) and my apartment was already fully pre-wired for Direct TV. I had paid for DTV protection plan for 12 years and assumed it would be covered. Long story short, It took over 10 hours (no exaggeration) of phone calls in the following weeks to get the insurance to cover $200.00 of the $600.00 installation bill AND they insisted on a "$100.00 credit and $10.00 off a month for 10 months" method of payment. What kind of insurance is that? According to the CSR, that situation constituted "Upgrading Equipment" and I had agreed to a new 2 year lease at that time. I argued with her and her supervisor for an hour. I finally asked for a manager and after yet another lengthy hold, was told that they would "credit my account for the early termination fee due to the circumstances". There NEVER should have been any fee to begin with. So DTV is now telling us that every time their equipment malfunctions and they have to replace it that a new 2 year contract goes into effect. How do you ever complete a contract if their equipment needs to be replaced every 18 months??? WHY am I having to sign a 2 year contract when I'm not receiving discounted programming or free installation and equipment?? Why in 48 states do you HAVE to provide them with your credit card number and allow them to apply any charges they decide to impose??? Yet another strong arm tactic/threat to get you to stay with them.. This is evidence that DTV KNOWS its customers are so unhappy that they want to jump ship ( see any of the more than 50,000 poor reviews of DTV available at top review sites) and this is their way of forcing you to stay. Any company that has to trick you into lengthy contracts and force you to stay with them is simply NFG. PLEASE DON'T FALL FOR THEIR SLICK ADVERTISING. STAY AWAY!!!!!
1 DirecTV themselves are not all that bad.  Their Service is OK.  I have had their service in the past and thought it wasn't all that bad.  That was until I got the Genie.  At first it wasn't bad.  Slow to respond, but not bad.  Then the issues started.  Grey Screen.  It's as bad as the dreaded Blue Screen from Windows.  After a few phone calls to tech support their solution is to reset the main receiver every time it happens.  Well now it happens every night.  So they had a tech come out.  He swapped gear.  It's now still happening.  They say it's a known issue, but the issue has been happening for at least a year and half now and they still have no solution other than reset the main receiver.  To me....that is NOT a solution.  When I am done with this 2 year contract I will never go back.  Dish was 100% better and more responsive.
4 I've had Direct TV since September 2011, so I'm not under any type of contract anymore.  I've called in twice and gently threatened to cancel and have always had the reps find discounts I can receive in order to stay with them AND pay less.  I'm very happy with my service, have not had any technical issues, etc.  I think the contract sucks but I'm a fan, especially now that I'm not under contract :)
1 I am very disappointed with DirecTV's customer service, or rather, lack of customer service.  We switched to DirecTV last year, and had to call their Customer Service department yesterday regarding a billing issue.  After being on hold approximately 20 minutes, "Mo" came on the line.  My husband explained he needed to talk to someone about a billing concern, and Mo decided the most professional and efficient way to handle the call was to hang up!   My husband called again and gave up after being on hold another 20 minutes.  I cannot find a way to contact DirecTV via email. Does this company not understand the meaning of customer service?
2 First, DirecTV product is great.  The HD channels as well as the content is great.  Love it.  What I don't love it the absolute incompetent people running the place.  I am on my 3rd scheduled visit due to their screw ups the first 2 times.  This is time away from work waiting around for them, and I am sick of it.  If you go with DirecTV, check your service order several times, because more than likely it will be wrong.
1 I was forced to have hbo and showtime and nfl ticket when I had this installed.  I said I didn't want any of these I was forced to have them for 3 months.  The installer said to make sure and cancel by the date because they will charge you.  I did call and TRIED to cancel but they could only cancel showtime and hbo.  Nfl ticket they couldn't cancel and I would have to wait until I got the bill and call then and cancel.  Guess what you POS when I call again it will be to cancel the whole thing.  I am tired of being screwed.  Talked to my kids and they are canceling as well.  So I hope you are happy losing 4 accounts.
3 I can't give it two stars and claim I've experienced better because honestly I haven't.  Cox was such a nightmare that this place is a step up.  I ordered my directTV and centurylink together so I don't know if that makes any sort of difference.  They kind of seem like they are two seperate companies as I have log ins for both, but I'm able to pay my directTV through my centurylink account so now sure what's going on there.  I set up to have the service installed and turned on via online chat with a Century link rep.  The person arrived as promised day of to set everything up.  He didn't take a long time to install it but the only part I did not like it when he set up the dish, he drilled so deep it split the wood on my roof!  I can see it when I stand under my patio, silver screws poking through.  I'm not sure how this will affect my shingles on the roof, if it will leak or what will happen.  Thank goodness is almost never rans in Phoenix and when it does it evaporates as it's falling to Earth.  Otherwise I'd be a little bit more concerned.  He was fast, he gave quick instructions on how to work the TV.  Other than the split roof I really have no other complaints.  The price is true to what they told me, I'm sure after the first year it will go up.  It's hard to find internet and cable service that doesn't go up after the first year.  Although I'm sure when I contract ends in a couple years I'll be cancelling my cable and sicking with using my internet and watching Netflix.
1 I've had directv since July 2013. It has been a terrible experience since that point. The installation took 9 hours over the course of two days, and that was for only 2 receivers. The quality of the installation is horrific. It looks like a 10 year old was handed some wires and a drill. Can't leave out the 15 feet of extra wire left hanging on my dish. Since then, my receivers have consistently froze and randomly shut off. I have called to complain and was getting nowhere with the first staff member, so I asked for a supervisor. She was incredibly mean, sarcastic and ignorant. I will most likely cancel my subscription and will tell all associates to avoid directv. I miss comcast.
1 I'd never go back to DTV, I may even choose Cox over them which is disturbing.  I wanted the PAC12 Network, my plan was up so I was able to switch without a few.  When I wanted to cancel the lady refused to let me for 20 minutes, she said Dish doesn't compare to DTV and I was making a mistake.  They would call weeks later and harass me, they gave me a sweet deal to stay but I didn't care.  I'm really happy with Dish, I was treated like crap by DTV.
1 I have been with direct tv for a lil over a year now. Cannot wait for my contract to be over! I always pay my bill on the 17th of every month. April 17th I paid my bill and my phone sent a text to me to let me know that the $110 was removed from my account. Well on the 2nd of may I received a text letting me know that another  $110 was taken out of my account from direct tv in which they said I authorized...umm I did not authotize that. When I called them they stated that they could not do anything about the money because they did not see it on my account and for me to call back in couple days to see ifvthe payment posted it then if it did they could possibly refund it to me. When I called them back..the lady on the phone said that yes it did post and basically there was nothing she could do about it. She stated that I needed to pay another $110 on may 17th so theIr would be no servIce InteruptIon.  What??!! Worst customer service! Its bullsh#t that they can just take my money without my authorization. I work hard for my money and $110 is a lot for me..espicially since that was my rent money :( grrrr
1 DO NOT fall for the 200 dollar Visa card offer. You will never see it. I have been on the phone wasting hours getting the run around from a supervisor about this and getting NOWHERE.  They tell you that you qualify for it until installation is done then you are unable to download the form.  Now told my acct doesn't qualify for it. Absolute terrible customer service. Stay w COX don't bother w this.
1 I am so ready for our contract to be done!  We have had nothing but trouble since the beginning.  They installed the dish right next to the electric lines on our roof, then another tech had to come back out a couple of months later and re wire the whole house.  It took us 4 months and a call from the presidents office to get the internet connection that was supposed to be done at install and have the $100 charge removed for it!  Then at 1 year our bill doubled!  After multiple calls we were told by an advanced solution expert, that the only discount they could give us is to cut our channels and paperless billing and take $10 off!  Seriously??!!  When I told him I could get internet and the same amount of channels I have from cox for what I am paying now locked in for 2 years he THREATENED me by telling me I was still in a contract and better not break it until October!  Well, I think they already broke it many times... NEVER NEVER go with direct tv!
4 I've lived all over the country and had several providers at difference places and times.   I have to say that DirecTv is the best out of all of them, but it does come at a price.  I think "renting" equipment forever is extortion, but since I'm a big fan of the NFL, Directv has the monopoly on that.  No other cable or dish provider has that.   I do like the genie, and back in the day was a big fan of Tivo.   Their customer service could use some help, especially when they re-direct you overseas (my guess is philipines).  I am interested in getting their bridge and mini genie, but that's $200 plus rental fees (absurd).   But I'd much rather have Directv than Cable/Dish.
