1 Wouldn't feed this to my dog. Had a horrible experience, roll with Rubios right next to it. Trust.
2 I was honestly pretty excited to try this place out but I guess it wasn't worth the hype. I ordered the 3 piece meal. It comes with 3 pieces of tenders and some fries. I added a side of mac&cheese to it as well.  Chicken: I've had better. It is of decent size and the batter is different but after a while, i felt like it was just too much batter.  Fries: disgustingly old and soggy.  Mac&Cheese: its okay, i tasted powder when i ate it, i'm not too sure how to describe it but eh it was just okay.  I did have a favorite though; it was the Arnold Palmer. OH MY GOODNESS, so good and refreshing.
5 I really like this place for chicken tenders. It's a perfect lunch place to get a quick bite. This place takes a while to give you the order but it's only because they make every meal fresh. The batter to the chicken breast is thin and it taste like it was baked even thought it was fried. The chicken always easily comes apart. They have a brown secret sauce as dip and it's compliments the chicken strips even more. They also have Ranch and barbecue as well! The regular fries and sweet potato fries are always good and non greasy.   I will never come to Vegas and not eat at this place because Vegas is the only place they have "Original Chicken Tenders"
3 We came on a Monday evening and ordered 1. Original Texas Toast Tender Sandwich, 10.95 Chicken Tenders with Original Sauce and coleslaw served on Texas toast 2. Original Tender Sandwich, 10.95  Chicken Tenders with Original Sauce and Lettuce served on a Potato Bun Rather the french fries, we upgraded them to sweet potato fries for $1 more for $14.95 (We used the Casino Guide BOGO coupon)   - In Luxor. They also have it at Monte Carlo.  - Chicken tenders better than Chick-Fil-A! But Chick-Fil-A has better sandwiches.  - The sandwiches had 2 chicken tenders.  - It came with side buffalo sauce.  - Sweet potato fries taste better than Boiling Crab!  - Sandwich and fries were fresh.  - For the price, it's pretty expensive, but if you have a coupon, it's worth a try!
5 The absolute best chicken tenders you can find anywhere. What a surprise in a food court. They cook them to order so they're fresh and hot when you get them, and the flavor is incredible. Perfectly cooked and tender!
4 Loved their crispy chicken tenders, fried okra, and sauce. One of the better places in the food court! Great stop for a quick meal :)
3 Went here after watching some football at one of the hotels.   There was no line so we were able to order right away. I went with the three piece meal with a side of french fries and macaroni.  The chicken tenders were pretty spot on. They were fresh and had a nice flavor to them with the breading.  The fries on the other hand were decent, but didn't have a ton of flavor. Unfortunately, my highest hopes were for the macaroni and it definitely did not meet my expectations.  Overall, this is a decent place to grab a reasonably priced bite to eat along the strip and is a good amount of food as well.
1 Greasy, overcooked chicken tenders and soggy sweet potato fries, served with a side of bEtchy employee who gave me a bag when I asked for a to-go container, saying that was all they had and I could take it or leave it.  Such a waste of money!!
