5 Hunnie Bunnie and I were deciding where to eat dinner and we just happened to be on Spring Mountain going by here. I saw the sign, did a quick Yelp check: 5 stars, 1 review... Must be a new spot! Yes, they just opened on Dec. 12th!  HB wanted noodles like always so I got her the Grated Radish Udon and she liked them! I got Sashimi Salad with tuna, yellow tail and salmon with mixed greens and some kind of mild dressing/sauce. MmMm saaashimi!    KUSHI AGE! This is their specialty. It is a lightly battered food item, such as scallop, shrimp, tenderloin, mushroom, etc. It is served with a house made dipping sauce, curry powder and a spicy spice on the side. It is really good!  I tested the scallop first before ordering garlic, tomato, zuccini, mushroom, shrimp, pork tenderloin, beef tenderloin, asparagus and another scallop! Each item costs about $1-3 so you can order however much or little you desire.   We were the only people in here tonight, the wait staff was all nice and I will definitely be back. NOM.
4 Very cool to see the Japanese restaurant revolution is still going strong. This, to my knowledge, is the first restaurant that specializes in kushi-age in Las Vegas.   Decor is very nice and food is very good. It's exactly how it is in Japan. The last time I ate kushi-age was when I was in Japan 10 years ago, and Yu Yu pretty much nails it.   The food comes out crispy and light, not greasy like many other fried foods. I sat at the bar and I could watch the chef cook the food. There are thermometers in the frying pots, so the oil temp is always on point.   I ordered 6 skewers of various items and all were very good.  Also ordered the tenzaru-udon and was good.   Yu Yu does not have their liquor license yet but they are expecting it soon. Beer is absolutely necessary with kushi-age, so I will be back in a month.  Yu Yu will be a definite late night stop.
5 Head down to this place before it gets too popular...that's my prediction! They are open for lunch on the weekends, unlike Ichiza the sister restaurant.  The lunch combinations are delicious and presented beautifully! The menu is more limited during lunch, so I'll definitely be back to try their dinner options.  I tried the kushi-age (translation: fried food on a stick) combination which was a perfect combo of meats/seafood/vegetables.  The skewers are small, but I left very full.  The kushi-age also comes with two seasoning salts (pepper/curry) and a ponzu style dipping sauce.  The combination comes with unlimited rice and cabbage salad...so if you like rice, this is your place!  The soup is a pork broth that has a mixture of vegetables and is quite filling in itself and warm fuzzy goodness especially during the winter.  Currently they are serving a special ozoni new years version with rice cakes inside =).  The BF ordered the kurobuta pork combo....and it was fried to a perfection and moist and flavorful on the inside.  This combo came with a mortar and pestle....so you can grind the sesame at the table to add to the katsu style dipping sauce.  I was skeptical what additional flavor this would add, but they really know what they are doing....the freshly ground sesame was aromatic and mixed beautifully with the sauce.  We also tried the an-mitsu with ice cream which is basically fruit salad with ice cream, agar, and red beans...but nice and light refreshing end to the meal.  This will be our favorite Sunday lunch spot for the near future =)  Beware this is a small place with 6-7 tables and additional sushi bar style seating...so in the evening time I can only imagine the wait time.
5 I tried Yu Yu for lunch for the first time with 4 others and we were all impressed with this new restaurant in the Chinatown area.  Everyone enjoyed it and said that they would come back again.  One guy joked that he was going to come back for dinner.  Yu Yu is a Japanese restaurant that doesn't serve the typical sushi, or ramen which seem to be on every street corner in Vegas these days.  It serves a different style of Japanese food called kushiage, which are breaded and deep-fried meat or vegetables on skewers.  They are easy to eat and are served with curry/chili spices and a dipping sauce that you can add to or dip your skewers if you like.  Entering the restaurant it had a clean modern feel to it.  It is relatively small and has about 5 to 6 tables and a sushi bar type area that probably seats around 8 people.  The staff was very friendly and answered all of our questions regarding the menu items, etc.  Everyone decided to order the 9 piece chef's choice as none of us had ever had this style of food.  A sampler meal if you will.  The 9 skewer meals were served with cabbage, cold mashed potatos, rice and a bowl of soup.  I was not disappointed with any of the skewers I had onion, mushroom, chicken, prawn, and beef and the other ones that I am not ever sure what they were...lol.  You can order skewers a la carte based on your tastes and hunger level.  I will be returning for a second run soon and try some of the other dishes they server and different skewers.  I heard that their curry udon is very good and will be ordering this on my next visit.  If you have not had kushiage, I recommend that you give it a try!
4 Yu-Yu is a sister restaurant to one of my already favorite Japanese Izakayas, Ichiza.  A group of my co-workers came in and we tried practically all of their kushi-ya items, and they were great. After a while you get a little tired of the same sauce/flavors, but everything was good, high quality ingredients, and perfectly fried.  To finish the night off, I also had a bowl of the curry udon, which was interestingly made with chicken. The curry flavor was good and the noodles seemed fresh. Overall my experience was good!
5 YU know I have to review a Japanese dining experience for my 400th review!  Eric R. went off to watch NFL with friends, so my friend Heather K. and I trekked over to Chinatown to try out YU-YU!  We walked in to a chorus of irrashaimase! and suddenly Chef Hiro-san (formerly of Raku) came out to greet me - he joined YU-YU's team 2 months prior.  What luck to be greeted by someone familiar.  We decided to sit at the bar, a beautiful raised space with ample counter space and leg room.  The restaurant space was also very nice, warm and comforting with some modern accents and wood tones.  We started with genmaicha with matcha hot tea and ordered some skewers to start: kabocha, shiitake, quail egg, avocado, nasu (eggplant), zucchini.  Heather had the avocado and zucchini, and we shared the others.  Everything tasted delicious, but I was definitely partial to the kabocha and quail egg.  Kushi-age is served with a worcestershire-like sauce and 2 dipping salts, curry and chili, along with a referesher course of cabbage, carrot and cucumber.  Heather then ordered the assorted mushroom saute (she is vegetarian).  I ordered a dish that sounded quite like me, sea urchin chazuke (with rice in green tea broth).  Chef Hiro asked if I wanted it in the middle of the meal since it is typically served at the end, but I was not following all protocol so I agreed.  He also provided us with some delicious marinated vegetable (similar to baby bok choy) in a ponzu-fish broth sauce.  Chef Kiyo and another chef took care of us at the bar, along with 3 fabulous servers and a manager.  We talked at length about Japan - my trip and their last visits, where they are from, and all of the great food!  One server had lived briefly in Michigan where Heather K. is from, so they chatted about that.  YU have to laugh - we asked Chef Kiyo why the cooking chopsticks are connected by string when eating ones are not - he said he had the same question, and even googled it (haha!) - he said they are hard to use but he cannot modify them.  I received my sea urchin chazuke - sea urchin served on shiso leaf with wasabi floating on the rice in the green tea broth - it was very good.  We then went for another round of kushi-age, each getting kabocha, sharing quail egg, she got another avocado, and I ordered chicken meatball and curried beef tongue.  The tongue was very tender and marbled, with a great curry flavor.  The chicken meatball also was a juicy and tasty mini treat.  Once again, the kabocha and quail egg shined.  Our tea and waters were refilled constantly and we had absolutely outstanding service.  It was a bit quiet for a Saturday night, but soon YU-YU will have its liquor license and will stay open later.  After more long chats with the staff we finally ordered the YUzu sorbet, which was the same sorbet I had at I-Naba (minus the pop rocks) - subtle but refreshing - not made in-house (can I get a YUzu distributor up in here??) - I dedicated my dessert to Christina W. and polished it off.   Heather K. and I truly enjoyed our experience with the food, service, and atmosphere.  I know she will return with me, and though Eric R. does not like fried food, I think I can force him in for curry udon and genmaicha tea.  YU never know until YU go!  I highly recommend YU-YU for a fun dining experience.
3 We were excited to try this new Japanese kushi-age restaurant. Here's the executive low-down. A bit difficult-to-find, nestled in the 99 Ranch Chinatown plaza. Very nice interior ambiance. Wait staff a bit clumsy and awkward. Decent tasting food, but miniscule portions. Poor value for your money.  We ordered the 15-skewer combo along with several a la carte items, but they jipped us and gave us only 14 skewers. I was going to speak up, but my wife said let's just go. While the pork soup was tasty and interesting, the house salad was bland, uninspired, and basically just pathetic. The seared beef tongue was tasty, but again very small portions.  Frankly, I don't see this place lasting very long, especially in this kind of economy, unless it makes some drastic changes in the value department. It's a shame because it had some nice potential to expand the local Japanese food scene. In the end, we spent about $50 between the two of us, but left hungry. We are unlikely to return.
3 The Skinny: okay kushi-age but the pork broth was the highlight of the meal (3) Service: not quite what I expected (will explain below) but pretty attentive and engaging (4) value: YuYu = SoSo (3).  After a long day at work, the hubs told me to meet up with him at new kushi-age restaurant in Chinatown. Japanese? Fried food on skewers? Sugoi! I am so there!  So we meet up at this newly renovated restaurant in the 99 Ranch plaze on Spring Mountain. First thing first, the ventilation is good. With an deep fat fryer in the front of the house so people can watch as they make their skewers, it was surprisingly odorless. Secondly the décor is decidedly traditional with the use of light/dark wood and clean white lights.  We made an active point of sitting at the bar area because in my previous experience, these are the best spots. Normally, in places like this, the cook would serve you directly so that the fried treats are devoured while the food is freshly fried, piping hot. You tend to be served 1-2 skewers at a time so that the food has no time to cool.  Ummm... well, that's not what happened at all. So the man who is frying up your food, puts 3-4 skewers on the plate, calls up the server who spends some time figuring out what each skewer is and finally hands it to you. What is this?!?! That makes a huge difference in the whole experience and I hope that the owners will institute a change in this method of service. Otherwise the service we received was above average with the usual Japanese efficiency.  So we ordered the chef's omakase (15 fried skewers, his choice, $22), a bowl of their tonjiru pork broth ($3), a plate of grilled beef tongue ($7.50) and a plate of their jidori fried chicken ($8.50).   Let me start with the Tonjiru pork broth - I have nothing but rave reviews for this dish and it was the most affordable dish of the night to boot. I would say that this is soulful food. The luxurious pork flavor in combination with the root vegetables made for a umami bowl of goodness that should not be missed. Highly recommended for the price as well.  I was significantly less impressed with the other offerings though.  Overall, I found the fried skewers good but nothing spectacular. Perhaps it was because I felt that the panko crumb is too fine and therefore wasn't quite as crisp as it ought to be. Or maybe it wasn't served piping hot each time. Or maybe it was the lack of complexity of the tonkatsu sauce (I found it lacking the sublime mild tartness that cuts through the fat). Given the price $22 for less than 15 (they forgot a skewer in our case) bites of food, it really need to blow it out of the water for me and it just didn't.  The fried jidori chicken was also okay but nothing special. I would venture to say that you could probably find equally good fried chicken for about half the price elsewhere and with a better serving size.  The plate of grilled beef tongue was a bit of a disappointment as well. Although the flavor was good, the overall texture was a might too tough for my preference. Given the small portion size as well, it was certainly not worth it.  Finally, the salad. It was about the size of your standard cereal bowl with 1 hard boiled egg and a slice of ham. Add in a side of generic tasting ranch dressing, they had no reason for charging $7.50 for that. I would definitely recommend skipping this dish altogether.  I really want this place to succeed but given the poor value for the level of cuisine, I just felt disheartened. Although I absolutely loved the pork broth soup, I could not overlook the flaws in other areas to highly recommend this place. Therefore, sadly, this place gets  a 3 starred review.
3 Their food is really good. Like it's the best food that can be found on a stick in Las Vegas (in my honest opinion.)  I came here with family after a good hike in the desert, and seeing as how I wasn't really hungry, we came in for a quick snack.  We had bacon wrapped enoki mushrooms, octopus, beef, pork - anything that can be speared through with a wooden stick and deep-fried Japanese-style.  The food was hot, crunchy, and exactly what I needed as a snack.  The food came with a bowl of raw vegetables on the side as a salad thing and a tray of curry and cayenne seasoning to dip. The staff was also very friendly and helpful.  However, the price is outrageous, and it was such a huge shock that it detracted from the experience of the food.  The portions are very small -think the size of a lollipop - with prices around two dollars.  The price is not worth the portion.  I would love to come back, but my wallet cannot afford it.
3 Ah, so much potential to be a 4-5 star place if only the prices or portions were better.  The food was dericious as everything is deep fried in batter to perfection.    Ordered the 15 piece mixed plate since it was our first time and wanted to try a little of everything but word of advice, just freakin order what you want off the menu.  The 15 pieces for 22 bucks isn't really any cheaper and they'll give things that you probably wont like.  Anything meat related was good, I personally really liked the onion, and quail egg.  DONT order the beef tongue appetizer.  It's tasty but totally not worth it.  You'll wish you had gone to tofu hut to get the all you can eat just to fulfill what yu-yu leaves you with.    DOUBLE THE ORDER SIZE YU-YU, it'll definitely make up for a lot!
4 I remember driving down Spring Mountain and seeing the sign for Yu Yu Kushi-Age, and getting very excited.  Vegas can totally use a kushi restaurant!  And then I learned that Kushi-age meant that everything was deep fried skewers...that scaled back my excitement a bit.  Do I really need all of my food deep fried?  If it's being deep fried with Yu-Yu's panko breading, then the answer is yes.  Deep fried veggies?  Deep fried beef?  Deep fried fish?  Yep, all the skewers are deep fried.  The panko breading is not too heavy, and goes well with anything it covers, such as: quail egg, sausage, asparagus, chicken wing (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yu-yu-las-vegas?select=6j2wuzaV4nF9TcfMgAWbGw#6j2wuzaV4nF9TcfMgAWbGw), salmon, scallop, sea bass, beef tongue (Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yu-yu-las-vegas?select=v7Vk2ExC0fPh8Kvr6hHWLA#v7Vk2ExC0fPh8Kvr6hHWLA).  In addition to the various skewers I've tried, I also have had the curry udon and uni chazuke.  The curry udon is very good, and is a big enough portion to share with two-three people; otherwise it is a meal in itself.  The uni chazuke is a bowl of rice in a green tea broth, with a shio leaf and uni on top.  It was decent, but not really something that I would order again.  Sitting at the bar is a treat, as you get to watch the chefs prepare each skewer and fry them.  I would say that sitting at the bar is the preferred way of dining, so that you get your skewers as they are cooked.  If you would prefer a bit more privacy, there are many tables throughout the elegant restaurant.  No tacky decorations or obnoxious decor, this is a nice place to enjoy a meal.  Skewers range from $1 - $3, and entree dishes are in the $7 - $10 range.  It seems there's a good variety on the menu, and I'm already looking forward to going back to try more of it.  Totally a fan!
3 Checking out some new grub!!  Decor and service is really pleasant. It's just  you have to be really into Greasy Food. The sashimi was ok but the price is a little much but I can understand. The flavor of the fried food was pretty much the same as having things without the batter on it. Everything tasted like Tonkatsu with different tasting vegetables and meats.  Word for my Sake Goers: They don't have liquor.  Probably waiting for the licenses... Might be back? But not really into the whole fried food thing, and didn't see a deep fried desert which I think would have been fun to eat.
4 It was actually my first time to eat at a Kushi Age ( (Japanese deep-fried skewers) restaurant. I am usually not a big fan of deep fried food. However, I did enjoy my dining experience at Yu-Yu quiet a bit. It's located in China Town Plaza and right in front of 99 Ranch Market. I came here during lunch hours. This place is very clean with open kitchen.   Yu-Yu has lots options for vegetarians. (deep fried pumpkin, broccoli, eggplant, avocado, garlic, sweet onion, lotus root...) You can choose curry powder, chilly powder or special dipping sauce to go with fried skewers. I personally slightly prefer curry powder and dipping sauce. I tried 15 different skewers and there was nothing I didn't like. I would say beef tenderloin and bacon wrapped scallop were the best in my orders. Beef tenderloin was really juice and tender inside. Breading was very nice too and not too greasy.  I also tried grated radish noodle.($7.5) It was light and perfect to go with deep fried foods. My noodle order came with 2 complimentary skewers. It's a pretty good deal for lunch meal if you just order it alone.   I finished my meal with An-Mitsu with ice cream. I loved it! It's not too sweet. I enjoyed the sweet red beans with that very creamy ice cream a lot.   Service here is just as wonderful as most Japanese restaurants. Our waitress was super nice. She explained everything to us with details since it was our first visit.   On my next visit, I would probably order less deep-fried skewers and order a noodle or rice dish to go with it. Yu-Yu will probably be my lunch regular spot soon.
4 Although, still extremely delicious especially during lunch...I tried the dinner options and felt they were a tad bit overpriced for the portion size...best bet to come for their lunch combos...for dinner my go to is still Kyara
4 Pretty much any deep-fried food is delicious.  Just don't let your cardiologist find out you've been going to this deep-fried food heaven.  This is Ichiza's sister restaurant, by the way.  Yu-Yu offers lightly breaded and deep-fried skewers (kushi age): quail eggs, fish, beef, veggies, octopus, squid, shrimp, scallop, sausage, beef tongue, chicken, pork, avocado, pear, banana, cheese, etc. Don't expect deep-fried Twinkies or Oreos from here though.  But aside from fried food, they also have salads, sashimi, edamame, tofu, udon, porridge and soup.  They serve you a bowl of veggies (cabbage, carrots and cucumber) and the sauce for your kushi age.  I got the 15-pcs assorted kushi age: sweet onion, tomato, lotus root with curry ground chicken, asparagus, bacon-wrapped enoki mushrooms, chicken meatball, chicken wing, sausage, beef tenderloin, quail eggs, Asian pear, octopus leg, fish, baby corn with olive, and mushroom.  It's the best way to sample most of their fried fare for $22.  There's a 10-pcs assorted kushi age set for $15.  I also got the prime short rib steak.  The rest of the group ordered the fried jidori chicken, shrimp & scallop gratin, salmon & avocado salad, and more kushi age (broccoli, garlic, zucchini...pretty much everything else on the kushi age menu that isn't part of the 15-pc set).  For dessert, we had a yuzu sorbet and a cream an-mitsu.  HIGHLIGHTS: Quail eggs, beef, bacon-wrapped enoki mushrooms, asparagus, baby corn and broccoli kushi age: these are my favorites. 5/5  Octopus leg kushi age: just as I had expected, it's quite chewy. 3/5  Asian pear, and lotus kushi age: they're not my favorite items.  Slightly sweet with lots of texture and crunch.  I aprreciated the curveball though! 3/5  Prime short rib steak:  served on a sizzling plate with onions, green beans and different kinds of mushrooms.  The steak is cooked medium and sliced (but you can leave it on the sizzling plate if you want it more cooked) so it's tender and juicy.  It is topped with marinated daikon. 4/5  Yuzu sorbet: a good way to cleanse your palette.  Light and orange-y. 4/5  Cream an-mitsu: agar jelly with fruit cocktail, ice cream and red bean paste on top.  For Filipino folks, it's halo-halo sans the shaved ice, milk and flan. 4/5  What I appreciate with kushi age is that there's an element of surprise.  Guessing what you're eating since they're all battered and deep-fried (except for identifiable items such as broccoli, asparagus, octopus, quail eggs, mushrooms and tomato) and then finding out what you're eating only when you bite into it.  The different flavors and textures are a treat.  Aside from that, service at Yu-Yu is great.  If you're not familiar with something on the menu, the ladies will eagerly assist you.  The restaurant is very clean.  As a person who dreads parking anywhere in Chinatown, there's plenty of parking spaces at Yu-Yu.  You'll forget you're in Chinatown!
5 Have heard a lot of good reviews that's why I came, the service is good and the curry chicken even better, I will come back here for sure:-)
4 (T)hey are located next to T&T Ginseng in Chinatown (A)tmosphere here is very quiet, peaceful, and tranquil (S)kewers here are deep fried, and they have a wide variety of offerings (T)he fishcake with mozzarella cheese was one of our favorites (Y)ou should sit up at the bar to see the chefs in action  (B)roccoli skewer was pretty grub too! (I) love that there's NO TV here (T)he same people behind Ichiza run Yu-Yu too (E)xceptional service here from start to finish (S)easoned salts enhanced each skewer  (H)ave to say the deep fried Quail Egg and Tako weren't as good as the others (E)ntrees  and other Japanese dinners are also offered if skewers ain't your thing (R)efreshing Yuzu Sorbet was a nice ending to our meal (E)ver seen Scope in a restaurant bathroom? They have it here, and perfume for the   ladies too...LOL!!!  (!)!!ALOHA!!!  YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(31/100) "Ichiza's Sister"
3 Tried Yu-Yu for the first time for our little get together with Lily.  The skewers were all panko breaded and fried.  We tried a variety of skewers and our favorites were the curry beef  tongue (recommended by Lisa R), and bacon wrapped mochi.  Everything else was alright.  Nothing special, just fried.  Our bill for two was shy of $30, with tip added already since we had a large party.    The staff always made sure that our cups of hot tea/water are always filled.    However, we won't be coming back...everything fried isn't really our cup of tea.
3 Came here on a whim since it was Friday and its no meat for us during the Lent season, and Darn it, I should of researched this place before coming here, but I was driving. Lol. Oh well, I still love my food adventures.     Reason for my gripe is because I prefer not to eat too much fried, but Kushi-Age is basically all fried..anything. LOL.  I did try a few just to try, eggplant and scallop was my favorite out of everything, very tiny little skewers.  You probably will not get full.  I could already tell that I wasn't, so luckily we still ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and the Ikura bowl to back us up.  The Sea Bass was a little bit too salty but still good and Ikura bowl was okay, nothing out of the ordinary.  Seeing from reviews looks like the beef tongue is a hit, but couldn't try it out, boooo.  I didn't leave with the "tummy satisfied" feeling.  More upset because it was pretty pricey and I know that I would have been satisfied for paying the price that we did if we went to an AYCE sushi joint instead.    Oh yah, I wanted to have dessert since I saw all those lovely photos on yelp, but they were out of ice cream..grrr.  Ambiance is great, restaurant is neat and clean, oh, they should also change up their music.  We heard the same songs each about 3 times!    Nice place to of tried, but don't think I will personally be back, I'm not too into fried food.  However, I still would recommend people to at least give it a go to experience it!
4 My first Kushi-Age experience and I would definitely come back! Kushi-Age is a very popular form of street cuisine in Japan as explained by the lovely couple that owns the place. It is not popular here because we are intimidated by the sound of the word FRIED. These are also the same people behind Ichiza.   The place is a stand alone restaurant in the Chinatown area. There is plenty of parking. The atmosphere is calm, relaxed and serene. There is even memory foam on the seats to cushine the tush while dining. If you'd like to see the how to's of this preparation, there is seating at the chef's bar.  I love the Japanese people! Respect abounds...We arrived based on the recommendation from the manager over at Ichiza, there was an hour wait for three and we were starving! To our luck and surprise Yu Yu just got their liquor license that day! (Mid March) Besides our table, there were just two other groups inside on a friday night. I can probably guess that people in the past were looking for alchohol with the fried cuisine. So come back now!  When I say FRIED, don't be afraid. I am the first to stay away from this method of food preparation. But Yu Yu is an exception. The preparation is so delicate. It is fried in a rice oil and does not leave you with a heavy feeling at all. It's not what one would consider greasy. But also it's not something I would indulge in everyday but I definitely would go back with friends or highly recommend.  We also had some wonderful sake and sampled the many veggie options, the mushrooms were executed so well. We also had the curried beef tongue, udon noodles, chicken meatballs, seafood as well. I enjoyed the selection of sauces and salts and they even had a fishcake with mozzarella cheese!  All in all it was a memorable dining experience. The staff is very attentive. The owners were lovely and shared their celebratory magnum of Moet with all the patrons. The husband and wife even sat at our table and shared their story with us. It's lovely to see the excitement in their new venture. I wish them luck and hope the liquor license will help fill their space.
3 My road dog and I were roaming around town on a Lent Friday night in search of seafood as we came into contact with this joint.  Apparently, this place is a sister company to Ichiza and a bit more on the contemporary side, versus traditional.    As we walked in, we were immediately greeted as expected in most Japanese restaurants.  The concept here was different than what most Japanese patrons are used to, kushiage.  Kushi refers to the skewers, while age means to fry.  I have not seen a restaurant dedicated primarily to this and have only seen appetizers in this form in the past.  So although its been around, is still a novel idea in Las Vegas.  I ordered the Chilean sea bass which was good, but a bit on the salty side though and tiny...had to order white rice on the side in order to absorb the salty seasonings.  It became my form of furikake, so I made it work.  Again, it was lent seafood Friday, so choices were limited.  Scallop and egg plant was good and piping hot out the fryer.  Squid with marinated uni was not impressive and the uni was nearly non existent.  An mitsu was out and put a damper on the night in terms of dessert however.  Luckily, I was able to kick back on a deuce deuce of Sapporo.  Although, the staff was friendly and polite.  The interior provided a real modern Japanese ambiance reminiscent of an Ikea store, symmetrical and clean.  But I like the idea and feel, something you can intrigue your co workers with for a work meeting or after dinner gathering of some sort.  Music play list needs to be updated though, I heard the same three tracks over and over again.  This made the place feel like a rerun of Total Recall, the remake.  I will need to come back to try the place out when I am off lent to provide a more comprehensive and thorough review, but until then, the place ain't half bad.  Updates to follow...stay tuned.
4 how do you make delicious vittles on a stick extra delicious? dip 'em in batter and roll 'em in panko! DUH. would you like that wrapped in bacon before we fry it up? also DUH. really friendly staff was also much appreciated. it was like a tiny hug with each lil fried sausage on a stick. what also was amazing, me and my friend Dumptruck, ate until our eyes rolled in back of our heads and the entire bill WITH TIP was $41 and no, we do not look like The Olsen twins, we look like we ATE the Olsen twins.
5 all skewers are tasted good. go dinner for more options!
3 The place is ok....got in there around 7:00 n the whole restaurant is empty ;( but the server is pretty nice n introduce the menu pretty good....the food taste pretty good n fresh,,, order a couple deep fried stick n a salad....the bread is not thick which I love but at the end the bill was like 90 for two person.... A bit pricy for that.....
5 I love a good place that focuses on serving one great thing and does it great! Many places in Japan are like this and Yu-Yu is that! They are also Japanese owned (hard to find in Vegas)  Kushi-age is Japanese street food of skewered meats and veggies fried in panko. Usually eaten at shrines, parks from small booths or carts.Yu-Yu took me back to Japan and brought back memories! I am so glad to have found this place!  The menu is full of almost anything you could possibly fry. Fish, pork, beef, chicken, veggies, and even brie cheese (yum).   Each skewer is  priced at $1-4 each and they are made fast to order and quickly served hot, you can even sit at the bar and watch them fry. Yu-Yu offers an array of delicious home made sauces as well.  There is also a menu of apps and entrees, but I always like to eat what they specialize in. :)  The service is fast, friendly, kind, and very nice! Great place for an intimate dinner, a party of friends, or a family night out!   So happy I found this place!
4 Fried food haven!  We tried the following dishes:  Kushi-Age Asian Pear - a must try! Banana Zucchini - a must try! Chicken Thigh Octopus Leg Silver fish - a must try! Smelt fish - a must try! Shrimp Chilean Seabass Scallop -good!  Garlic - good! Bamboo Shoot - good! Asparagus Beef Short Rib - a must try!  Fried Jidori Chicken - a must try! Assorted Homemade Pickles - good! Yuzu Sorbet - a must try!  The rest were okay. They were good but nothing special.   We will be back! Next time we will try their sushi items.
3 Just okay. But We well be back to try one more time.
4 A group of four of us recently went to Yu-Yu for dinner.  Ambiance was clean, modern, and inviting.  The servers were consistently polite and attentive.  We ordered a variety of items, with a few standing out as my favorites and not so favorites.  As for the Kushi Age, I enjoyed the shiitake mushroom with ground chicken and mocha mentaiko,  We ordered the sashimi salad, which was surprisingly more delicious and filling than I had expected it to be.  We also ordered the salmon entrée and one of the daily fish specials, both were well prepared and nicely seasoned.  I also particularly liked the salmon battera.  As for dislikes, I did not care for the seabass Kushi Age nor the seabass entrée.  I think the seasoning was off.  We would have loved to stay for dessert however their dessert menu is quite limited.  Perhaps they should consider creating their own rendition of honey toast.  In conclusion, I will return to this restaurant.
3 My friend and I were excited to try this place out as we both wanted to try something new.  Restaurant: As soon as we walk into the restaurant, we were greeted by Japanese waitresses that yelled out "Irashaimasee," giving the place a very authentic Japanese feel (I lived in Japan during my childhood).  The place is a dimly lit but very open and clean.  I couldn't help but admire the furniture and decor--it makes the restaurant feel upscale despite its affordable menu.  Food: My friend ordered the 'tuna yukke' and I ordered the 'uni chazzuke' along with several kushiage (fried items on sticks).  The tuna yukke was just right; the tuna was so tender and flavorful--it tasted fresher than any tuna sushi I've had in LV.  The uni chazzuke, however, did not appeal to my palette as much as I had hoped.  Uni chazzuke is sea urchin, and that urchin was my first urchin.  It tasted like butter with a sour aftertaste and had the texture of meat fat.  My friend mixed up the bowl to see if I would like it and she forgot to remove the bit of wasabi that was floating around--hence I had a hard time eating it and had to give her the rest.  The kushiage was alright: we ordered asian pear, banana, water chesnut, smelt, pumpkin, and brie cheese.  The pieces were so small and they cost at least $1 each.  I was disappointed by the size of the banana kushiage the most because I had expected at least half of a banana instead of a small slice.  $1 for a fried banana slice?  The brie cheese kushiage was also a let-down as it tasted like a mozzerella stick fresh out of the oil, and it was $1.75.  Nonetheless, at least we got to try it out.  Service: The waitresses that served us spoke English well and were very prompt and knowledgeable about their menu.  I like how I did not need to ask the waitress for water as they came by frequently enough to refill my water (and I was going through each glass as the wasabi from the uni chazuke inflamed my tongue with every spoonful).  When we left, they all said good bye and bowed--including the chefs behind the bar.  You would totally expect that in Japan, but I am impressed they incorporated that here.
5 The price is right, the foods great and for being in Chinatown, I walk in and get seated without a wait.  What more can you ask for? Oh yeah, it's also authentic Japanese!
4 I finally got to visit this place and it didn't disappoint.    I had the 9 skewer lunch special and each skewer preserved the freshness of the ingredients without deep frying and panko overpowering the taste.    My only issue is that since 9 skewers is quite a bit, I would have liked to have a HOT skewer to eat one by one, but that option was probably there if I sat at the counter.    They did have kurobuta tonkatsu on the menu, and I really need to try it.  There is no place in town that serves decent tonkatsu, and since these guys know how to deep fry, I'm thinking that their tonkatsu might be good.
4 Had lunch at Yu Yu on a Sunday afternoon.  I was after the minced meat with mozzarella dish, and had a few bites just to try the other stuff.  The set up is quite elaborate, the minced meat came with soup, white rice, and veggies.  There are 2 sauces, chili salt and curry salt.  I'm usually not a huge curry guy, but I really liked the salt.  The chili salt was fantastic, had a bit of heat.  Both of these were welcome additions to the meal.    The soup had a very flavorful broth, it was rich in flavor.  It had a lot of veggies, it was more hearty than I was expecting.  The rice was white and fine, it was sufficiently fluffy and wasn't clumpy.  You get chopped cabbage with some cucumber on the side with a nice bright dressing.  Also, you can get more cabbage if you want, which I didn't need, but it was a nice option.  It was nice to have a lot of veggies with all the fried stuff.  I tried the following small bites:  sweet onion, okra, beef short rib, chicken thigh, brie.  They were all $1-$2 each.  The onion and okra were fantastic.  The short rib was good, but it got a little dry.  The chicken thigh didn't have the same issue, it was fantastic.  Makes you forget about every chicken nugget you've ever eaten.  I think the winner was the brie, it was perfect.  Melty and went very well with the panko.    The minced meat and mozzarella dish was basically a small cheeseburger (specifically a juicy lucy) fried.  It was good, but I was expecting it to be better.  It was sufficiently juicy, but I think it needed some more seasoning.    I sat at the counter and watched the guy fry the stuff.  He was very meticulous throughout the whole process.  The dishes were crispy and delicious, but not greasy.  Will definitely go back.
5 Best Udon Soup ever! I recommend the curry udon soup.   Came here cos I wanted to try something new. Our server was very friendly and so kind. Gave us 10% off and gave us one of every sauce for the kushi-age. Kushi-age is kind of like tempura and they have a wide variety of it! Come here if your craving soup and I promise you won't be disappointed.
4 This place was on top of there game. This is truely a Fried Food Heaven! Love the Skewers and the friendly employees. Nice job.
4 So far so good! I came after work so I appreciated the fact that it was open late! I ordered mostly vegetable "kushiyaki" but I loved the fact they had several different sauce options for free of charge. I felt like I didn't order much but finished pretty full. Ladies! They have moscato! Lol.. Didn't expect it at an Asian restaurant like this! Their "box sushi" was pretty darn good too!!! Service was great as well. Always kept our water fully and table clean. I really enjoyed the fact that everything  I ate was very authentic to what I know of Japanese food. Finished our night off with home made Japanese pudding! They could make the cushions on the seats a little thicker.. But I will definitely be back :)
4 This is a lunch review.  The Skinny (an update): come here for a leisurely jidori cutlet lunch with tonjiru soup, unlimited bowls of rice and shredded cabbage - this is a great value for $9.50 (4), service: attentive as usual (4) value: for the price of a fast food lunch, the jidori cutlet special cannot be beat (4).  I cannot vouch for the other items on the menu during lunch but I can say that I am enamored by the jidori cutlet lunch special here at Yu-Yu.  As previously mentioned, I absolutely love the tonjiru pork broth with it's intense umami/root vegetable goodness whereas I wasn't a huge fan of the actual kushi skewers and the other cooked dishes here. However, I was lured back by the call of jidori/tonkatsu cutlets.  The best thing about the lunch specials are they already come with a cup of the tonjiru soup. Score! Plus, the cutlet lunches come with unlimited cabbage and rice just like in a true tonkatsu joint - score 2. Finally, the crumb they use with the cutlets are the slightly coarser grain compared to what they use for the kushi-age which make for a better crunch - hat trick of awesome!  The first time we came here, the hubs ordered the tonkatsu and I ordered the jidori cutlet. Although the tonkatsu is good, the serving size of the tonkatsu is kind of skimpy compared to the jidori cutlet. The jidori cutlet gives you a good portion of juicy, tender chicken. Fantastic. Ever since that visit, the hubs has ordered the chicken as well.  So in the end, I come here for the jidori cutlet lunch special only and don't really feel a huge urge to stray from this given the excellent value compared to other items I have tried in the past. (4).
5 One of favorite places to get my kushi age cravings! Its a really good place to snack,drink ND socialize with your friends! Definitely recommend this place to everyone!
5 Came here Thanksgiving night of all times- the bf and I were all turkey'd out from previous festivities.  The service here is wonderful- the staff is friendly and the quality of the food is amazing.  The bill can run up quite fast, but I believe it's completely worth it.  My favorites were the curry udon, the pork tenderloin, curry beef tongue and the chicken wing.  The curry salt and chili salt to dip your skewers in are also amazing!  We will definitely be coming back here soon!
1 Although the side dishes were fairly tasty, this was easily the worst service ever encountered.  We had to wait more than 35 minutes to receive our Udon noodle soup.  Seriously folks, I'm no Chef, but I'm pretty confident that it doesn't take 35+ minutes to make hot soup.  Additionally, the waitress never got around to our table to refill our drinks.  The amount of customers here was not even close to being overwhelming.  This is the first and last time that we'll dine here.
5 We were hesitant because there was no one else there when we walked in on a Friday night at 9pm. Almost turned around and left, but we decided to stick it out.  Glad we did.  Kushi age was tasty, especially with the sauce and spicy salt. Yellowtail carpaccio and salmon & avocado salad were excellent. And udons (regular and curry) were solid.    Service was attentive - water, tea and soda (free refills) glasses were always kept full.
5 Went to Ichiza and the wait was over an hour on a Sunday night so decided to give this place a try since it was the sister location.  It is a different menu and style so don't go thinking it's the same as Ichiza. I always want to give a new place and Yu Yu was quiet, clean and service was great. Kushiage is good and there are plenty of varieties to try. Personally I liked the bacon covered mochi kushiage but that may not be to everyone's taste. Not heavily fried so easy on the palate and we ordered about twenty different ones. Besides kushiage, I had the chicken gizzards, pig ears, tuna with quail egg, and beef tongue. All pretty good.  When compared to the ego of Ichiza, this place is more humble and down to earth. All around a good experience and will come back again.
4 The first time I've had fried Japanese skewers.... Totally different, if you think frying everything to make it taste good is okay, this is the place for you..., I loved the fried Brie cheese with my salmon roe bowl which complimented each other I think... One warning.... You might be carried away and the tab adds up quickly... It's definitely worth a try....
4 ichiza sent us here after having us wait 40 min with a baby for their estimate of 30 min, only to then say it would probably be another 45 minutes. not sure if that was BS or not but we couldn't really chance it.   yu-yu was on my list to try so we took it in stride, and it is just a short walk. small but very welcoming place with fantastic service. the server's english was not very good but she was extremely attentive as was the whole staff. if you have a family with small children, it's certainly much more tolerable than the hustle and bustle of ichiza.  our young nephew gave a big thumbs up for the tempura udon, as well as the jidori cutlet. i thought the jidori cutlet was awesome...crispy and moist and sizable. we also had the fried jidori which i really enjoyed. the yellow tail carpaccio was excellent,. as was the mini toro bowl (nevi toro-don) and the kushi age bowl (three kushi age's on a bed of rice). the marinated squid and octopus was also good as well as the agedashi tofu. all prices quite reasonable. i'm glad we got shuffled over here. It's worth repeat visits.
4 Had a Tempura using in here. It was very simple and  clean taste. The actual noodle was not original udon but, made a good impression of taste. Very good..
5 Awesome!!! Best tonkatsu (battered pork fillet/loin) in Vegas. Quality of the Japanese food is top notch. Service was great and the atmosphere is nice.  The prices are reasonable for the quantity and quality you get. The udon noodles are just the best.  Looking for a unique eating experience, Yu-Yu is the place to go. Go early because the place is small.
4 Japanese fried skewers, Tempura, pressed box sushi, and rice..... An excellent ethnic dining experience not to be missed.  There might be another Kushi Age restaurant in maybe..  Los Angeles.  Other then that your not going to find anything like this here in the USA  Very traditional method of cooking various things in very hot oil that have been coated with freash made Panko flakes. In Japan a Kushi Age place would be very small and probably very old. At Yu Yu's you find the familiar feel of a Sushi restaurant.  Of course, the food is very different. items are served in small quantities of usually  two skewers for each item ordered. You can let the Chef make all of the decisions by ordering the chef's choice. All of the different types of chicken skewers were excellent with good quality chicken and expert prep. the various vegetables available were interesting and very fresh. Expertly cooked. A wide range of sauces and seasoned salts were also very good.. The skewers came out at a nice pace that lets you enjoy each flavor without having to rush for fear of some of the food getting cold.. They also do some sashimi, noodles, Katsu Don, and another thing very hard to find in the US..  Battera..  japanese pressed box sushi  Worth a try if you love Japanese food as much as I do !! experiment and put the time in to find what you like. You will be rewarded with a great experience and become a fan of skewers too..
4 My goal is to try a bookmark each week so I picked this at random and off we went for dinner.   We decided to split some things.   10piece kushiage - It's chef's choice and we ended up with :  Cheese, shitake mushoom, sweet onion, beef filet, chicken meatball, lotus root w/ curry flavored chicken, squid leg,asparagus, shrimp, pork loin. Out of curiosity, I wondered if this was a better deal at $14 or to pick your own and it ended up being $14.75 worth so next time I'm just gonna go a la carte since I could have done without some of these.   The texture of the fry was good, but some of the items the differences blended. I generally found I preferred vegetables, and I also liked the chicken meatball and the lotus root w/ chicken best.  They have various sauces you can choose from, but by default you will get curry salt, chili/ichimi salt and kushiage sauce (which is worcestershire like). I also tried the spicy mayo which was surprisingly tangy and not what I thought it would taste like. I also got ponzu with radish since I just love that on everything and am sad that most places do not put radish is tempura sauce anymore. I got a bowl of rice to go with our kushi.  We also got udon curry.which had bits of chicken and carrots in it. The udon was cooked pretty well and the curry was good, it was more on the spice side than sweet.   After eating all this it seemed like we needed still a little something so we ordered bacon wrapped cheese and avocado. I was a fan of the avocado.   Our server was friendly and checked up on us frequently and kept water filled. Food came to the table fast and came hot. Got our check and was able to pay quickly.   It's probably a 3.5 but I'll bump it up. I think you should order more of the sizable plates and supplement it with some kushiage than relying on that alone to get full since it's not uber filling, just snackable. Also if you have too many, it just blends to be too much fried items. For me, I'll come back for the veggies and the chicken and lotus and try out some of the lunch combos.
2 Came here with my friends for my birthday dinner. I was pretty disappointed since it has such good reviews... The servers didn't know how to explain items that were on their own menu.. I thought it was because the server might be new but both severs didn't know their own menu well. I asked them what was in their tempura udon and they said "vegetables and shrimp". Not really a great description... My friends ordered some side seasonings which we had to ask for multiple times. When we went, there was only one other party in the restaurant and the servers somehow brought us their order, which left is very confused.   We all ordered the same main course, tempura udon. I would think udon is pretty easy and quick to make but our order took 45 minutes to come out and on top of that, we all ordered the same thing so you would think it would all come out at the same time...? Nope, came out at all different times for udon that can be made in one big pot... And yeah, I know this may not be their specialty, but the taste was definitely not up to par. I give it two stars because at least the food was nice and hot when it came out?
4 Whenever I'm in Vegas with my Japanese colleagues, we always go to Ichiza for amazing Japanese cuisine. On this particular night, however, Ichiza was closed... so we decided to try Yu-Yu.  Good decision.  The prices were really reasonable, and I was able to try a wide variety of items. I had never been to a Kushi Age place before, but found it to be very American-friendly. I really recommend the Beef Tongue!
5 AWESOME find. I was on the food channel network or something like that and the topic of the show was kushi age restaurants in Cali. Decided to see if Vegas had one and Yu Yu popped up. So my bf and I decided to come here for valentines day.   We were worried it be crazy packed but it wasn't. It was nice and quiet w a few people. Eventually it got busy but still a very relaxing environment.   Place is quite small but it was cozy. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Explaining to us how things worked, what was inside a certain item we were curious about.   We ordered: - tonjiru - salmon & avocado salad - mini sashimi bowl - prime short rib steak - kushi age:      - bacon wrapped mozzarella      - bacon wrapped green bean      - brie cheese      - asparagus      - chicken meatball      - quail egg      - bacon wrapped mushroom      - wild yam potato      - chicken breast w mozzarella      - ginko nuts      - octopus      - seabass (was okay with it)      - silver fish (very fishy, didn't taste as good)  We liked 99.9% of everything we ordered except the last 2 items listed. I'm a cheese lover so man oh man, brie cheese and mozzarella was awesome!  Definitely planning to come back here again to try other items.
5 OK, here's the fact: Yu-Yu is the most frequently visited restaurant by us.  Enough said.  Or not?  Well, everything about this place is fascinating - tonjiru instead of miso soup, this alone gets my thumbs up, fried prawns are even awesomer. Tonkatsu is obviously perfect as this place specializes in kushi age. Even side items like curry udon or battera are incredibly good.  Lunch menus are much simpler, so if you aren't familiar with kushi age, try lunch first. You can thank me later.
4 This place describes itself as a "Kushi age" restaurant. Kushi or kushiyaki are skewers of grilled food. You select which one you want or an assorted and they are served here on bite size skewers.  This is the type of food that you normally find in japan in "Izakaya" (japanese taverns) but this place is more a traditional japanese restaurant setting. Much quieter and soft than a typical Izakaya.  There is also a good assortment of Udon noodle soup and reasonable prices. That is the option that was appealing most to me at the time so I had a Sichuan type Udon soup, an edamame starter and green tea. It was excellent and hit the spot! The total bill at dinner time including taxes and a generous tip was under $15, another aspect that did contribute to my happiness!
4 Wanted to try this place after eating Ichiza near by. It's an extremely nice and quiet restaurant with great customer service. I am not a big fan of the deep friend skewers but for those who are, I believe they would enjoy this place. I also ordered the sashimi bowl, garlic stir fried chicken gizzard and mackerel battera which were all very good. Sashimi was very fresh. Gizzard was tasty and would only recommend the mackerel battera for those who could stand the distinct fishy taste that mackerel has. Would definitely come back here again but just not for the fried skewers.
4 They are Kushiage Restaurant but we use this restaurant as IZAKAYA. Karaage, Sunagimo, Tamagoyaki,etc. So Yammy:)
5 This"Kushi Age" restaurant is the Ichiza's sister store that's why I went to try! And I really love it! A very nice, quiet and warm place! And the food there is very fresh and delicious! "Kushi Age" is its specialty! They are skewers of fried food with several kinds of special sauce! U have many options about "Kushi Age", seafood, meat, vegetables even fruits! Very interesting!! They have good traditional Japanese food too like sashimi, udon... I tried a new udon-Sichuan udon. It's VERY VERY good!! Sashimi is very fresh, steak is very tender and yummy... Anyway, every dish is wonderful! I just can say, u can enjoy the better atmosphere ,better quality food and nice service with the reasonable price! It's really a good place worth to try and u must like it! It's a wonderful place to dine together for friends, family even business!
5 If u want to try traditional Japanese food, come here!  The food is very good, and people here is very friendly!
4 Small Japanese fried items  are great
3 I was attending the Vegas Fringe Festival at the Las Vegas Little Theatre in Chinatown and I had enough time between plays to finally give Yu-Yu a try for dinner.  It was about 6:30 and other than one table, I was the only person in the restaurant.  I took a seat at the bar so I could watch the cooking in front of me.  Not much cooking as for most of the time I was there, the only cooking done was  for my order.  My server was Noriko, a very pleasant woman who explained the menu to me and explained what kushi-age was and explained the ordering process.  She brought my iced tea and I was set to begin ordering.  I started with a tapas plate of Tuna yukke which is seasoned big eye tuna with a quail egg on top.  The tuna is accompanied by some thinly sliced cucumber, red onion, and yellow bell pepper.  The tuna was very good.  Next, I ordered these kushi-age items:  King oyster mushroom, bacon wrapped asparagus, pork filet, curry beef tongue, octopus leg, and black tiger shrimp.  I watched the cook dip my selections in the batter and then drop them into the hot oil which he tended closely and turned the items with his chopsticks.  In a short time, the items were removed from the frying oil and placed on the plate.  Noriko then arranged them on a plate.  When she brought them to me, she told me the order they were on the plate.  With the kushi-age, you get a cabbage salad with some sliced carrots.  They also have a variety of sauces you can get or just stay with their original kushi-age dipping sauce which was what I did.  You also get a small dish with two sections--one containing curry powder and one with red sea salt.  I found that the curry powder was the best accompaniment.  Of the 6 kushi-age items I got, hands down, the best was the curry beef tongue.  Dipped with extra curry powder, it was a winner.  Service was good.  I was somewhat uneasy in the restaurant.  The counter area is adjacent to the kitchen entrance.  Since there was almost no one else in the restaurant, I felt like the three servers were watching me all the time I was there.  It made for the good service I mentioned, but because the restaurant is so small and the counter is near their workstation, I felt really watched--not in a bad way, mind you.  I'm glad I gave Yu-Yu a try.  It's interesting.  The value is not good.  While in line with other tapas style restaurants, the amount of food per price is not good.
5 The food is really surprised me. The unique Japanese flavor. This's my first time taste the delicious Janpan food in the Vegas. And so memorable. I start plan ahead to the order of the next time.とてもおいしい!
5 Everything I tried here was exceptionally incredible. Curry udon, fried smelt roe, yellowtail, sashimi combo, baked tofu, etc. You really can't go wrong with any order here. You can choose different seasonings too for your kushi age. I rarely come to a restaurant twice in one week but it was that good. I can't believe this place isn't more popular. The service was excellent. The restaurant is a bit on the cozy and small side. It's a cute place for a date but I wouldn't come here with a big group.
2 Saturday 4pm. Maybe we came on a bad day/night. Not to busy. Our first time here. This is not a sushi bar and they dont have ramen... OK so the Japanese servers? I asked so how does this work its our first time here. She couldnt really speak English but I speak a little japanese so we figured it out. KATSU ON A STICK!  Pretty simple after we figured that out. So we ordered a few of them all KATSU on a stick. It was boring not much flavor. We ordered 1 seafood udon as well. It didnt taste right... The only item we liked was the small sashimi this how we made it to the 2 stars.  The strange thing is the server brought us the wrong food and the other server brought the japanese girls next to us the wrong food as well.  My wife was like I didnt think these servers are new because they know half the diners in here.  We will not be going back for the Katsu on a stick treatment! My wife makes AWESOME TEMPURA on stick. Blows this place away. No sauce required! I approve this mesage J K KUHL....
5 Food was awesome, service was fast. Their specials for the day were the highlight. Salted grilled mackerel was the best of the specials of the day. The kushiage menu was cheap n so good! Bring ur appetite.
5 Delicious well prepared food. Excellent service. I am Japanese American and the first thing I noticed was that the place was packed with real Japanese people who spoke nothing but Japanese. Always a good sign when the natives come to eat at a restaurant far away from home. I had the katsu-don special and it was outstanding. My mother had the himachi dinner and she said it was fresh and tasty. Also had the short rib skewers as an appetizer and it was juicy and tender. Looking forward to eating there again the next time I am in Vegas
5 This was my first time visiting the place and it's definitely not the last.  Yu-Yu is a very small, but very clean kashi age restaurant. Kashi age here is what I call fried goodness on a stick. It can range from veggies to meat and seafood. I ordered a few veggies (so my non-meat eating mom could try them) as well as some chicken shiitake kashi age. Each piece of kashi age can be as low as $1 and up to $2 for seafood. The super sweet and patient waitress will bring you dipping stuff for them (such as the kashi age sauce and chili salt and curry salt). You can order different sauces if you want as well. I was tempted to order more but I already had zaru (cold/chilled) udon on the way.  The cold udon was nice and refreshing to eat. It came with dipping stuff for the noodles and a side of fresh chopped green chives. My mom ordered a seafood udon dish that had a sort of Italian kick to it (translation: it's soup base had garlic in it). I think the udon was called Vondole or something.  Anyways, the service and food were excellent. I'll leave you with some advice the restaurant was super busy for a small place so if you'd like to come here for lunch try to get there early! They are open from 11 AM to 2 PM for lunch and won't be open again until 5 PM for dinner. Hopefully I'll be able to try this place again for dinner. :)
3 Nice comfortable atmosphere.  Very clean indeed.   I went alone (again!) so I thought that would be a bit awkward sitting by myself but everything was nice.  The girls were friendly.    I would go back there.    I wish they had the Omakase courses though...
