5 My parents were considering short selling their home and asked me to help. We were very apprehensive about short selling my parents home because of all the stories we heard from friends - almost all of them had terrible experiences. Needless to say we were huge skeptics and very discouraged since my parents had no real hardship.  However, I decided to give Millennium a chance to see what they could do. After talking to Shaun, it was obvious that his knowledge and expertise was above the rest. I knew then that all the horror stories I heard had one commonality -- our friends' terrible experiences was due to them trusting a realtor or a title company to handle the negotiations with the bank.  The difference with Millennium is that they focus 100% on short sale negotiation and was able to guide us through all the intricacies of that process. The entire team made the experience far less painful and daunting.   The best part for us was that they explained things clearly, answered all of our questions up front and after setting expectations with us - they executed exactly as they had planned.  Clearly the support they provided is a reflection that they genuinely care.  I would recommend Millennium to anyone who is underwater on their home as they performed beyond our expectations in a very difficult situation!
5 Like so many other homeowners in the valley, our home was worth less than half of what we purchased it for, just a few years after we bought it. We needed to sell, and didn't even know where to start. After a great recommendation from a friend, we decided to meet with Millennium Consulting and were impressed right from the start.  We worked with Troy and Ken, and cannot say enough great things about these two!  They were knowledgeable, diligent, patient, and always available when we had questions or concerns about the short sale. Troy worked closely with us, and kept us in the loop as the sale progressed. We knew we had a difficult case going into the short sale, and Millennium simply could not have done a better job with it. If you are considering selling your underwater home, make an appointment to meet with them, you'll be so glad to have them on your side, especially when you are in the middle of it. It's a long and overwhelming process, I'm so glad we didn't have to navigate it alone!  Our house closed this week, and we are so happy to move forward. Thank you Millennium!!
