4 I had not heard of COCO's until I walked into this awesome restaurant. When I entered the facility it was clean, neat, and well organized (and still is). It has a Grade A from the Food/Health Inspector. I was promptly greeted by one of the greeters, and seated. I enjoyed every minute of their exemplary customer service giving me their undivided attention. All within 10 minutes I was greeted, seated, had my order of food on the table, and in my hands. After having my meal I was very well satisfied with food I had ordered, and is definitely worth a return trip. I give these guys a 4 out of 5. :-)
4 We were greeted immediately. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful.  We ordered menu items with substitutions, and it was no problem. The food came out quickly and correctly, it even tasted good.  Our waitress Trina was very nice and provided excellent customer service.  The restaurant is well kept, clean, and decorated nicely.  The restrooms were clean, however the changing table was pretty high.  I'm 5'6'' and I think I would have had problems changing my baby if I were shorter.   I'm a little nosy and I heard our waitress greet a guest by name.  She also told another guest "Say hello to your wife from me!".  I thought that was sweet.  I must add, though I don't want to get anyone in trouble, one employee was standing behind the pie counter and playing phone games... I know it was phone games because they had their phone sideways and were turning it like a car wheel or something ... it was kind of funny, but I can imagine the manager wouldn't think so. We will be back and I will add a star if this place is consistent.
1 Nastiest place ever !!! Servers need to work on their hygiene . Saw our waitress cleaning a table then go straight to the kitchen and make food ! I watched her the whole time and she never once washed her hands.  So gross. We will never come back to this nasty place !!!!
4 Food is good , but this place is not suitable for groups.  We had a business meeting and they sat people with small children near us , despite there was plenty of room at the other end of the restaurant.  Will come here for their food if in area , but will not be having my group meetings here.
3 Had the cornbeef hash and three eggs I order my eggs over easy they came Simi hard and one egg was broken.   The line cook sucks, works in an a breakfast join and cant cook an over easy egg! The pancakes with the bananas and brown sugar were really good!  We will go back hopefully next time the line cook won't destroy the eggs!!!
