5 This place is great! I went in for my free eyebrow was and absolutely loved it! Left me feeling great with cleaned up eyebrows. The front desk receptionists are super nice and welcoming. Very affordable  and professional.. they don't make you feel all weird. :) I definately recommend this place. I will be going back!
5 I hate having my eyebrows waxed, but Brandi makes it painless and fun! Plus, your first time is free!
5 Always clean, friendly staff. As a first time guest I went to Kacie and she is very professional and I highly recommend her for all waxing services. She made me feel comfortable and I will keep returning to her for my waxing needs.
5 I have to say I was really nervous for my first bikini waxing, but Char (Charlene) so was nice and professional, she totally calmed my nerves and made the whole experience much more comfortable than I thought possible. I would definitely recommend her to anyone and I've already booked my next appointment!
5 I had never been to a European Wax Center before and was very excited to learn about the establishment. The location was clean and the staff was extremely helpful. The girls at the front desk were friendly and made me feel welcome. I was a little nervous, but the second I walked through the doors I knew it was going to be a great experiance.   My wax associate was Tori. She was incredibly friendly and put me at ease. I had a lot of questions regarding their different services and she was patient and friendly while explaining each different service. She even told me about current and upcoming promotions to help me find the best price for my desired service. She made the process painless and comfortable.   I loved their products and staff. I will definitely be returning to this location, and to Tori specifically.
5 I have gone to European Wax Center at a couple different locations throughout the valley but I had the best experience yet when I had a face wax with Tori. It hurt less than ever before and my eyebrows were exactly the way I wanted. She really listened to my requests. Love European Wax Center and will definitely use Tori every time.
5 I only get my brazilians done here. Seriously, I don't trust anyone else! I love that they use the hard wax instead of strips. So much safer, quicker, and less painful! Also, very reasonably priced. Only about $40 for a Brazilian when you can easily pay $80 for one at a salon! They also offer many different packages, which they always offer to you when you check out. I think it's definitely worth it if you get waxed regularly. I usually don't buy one during the year, but I always get a wax package for the summer when I know I'll be in regularly. Customer service has always been great here too. I'm a fan and recommend this spot to all my friends.
4 I never gotten a brazilian wax before. I done bikini in the past. Since I moved to Arizona I havent gotten anything done. I was surprise how many location they had here in AZ. I book my appointment and I was set up for a first time customer. I got 50% off for the brazilian was which came out to be $21. Super cheap and worth it.  Kacie was my wax girl she was great. She talked me through the whole process. Because I was scared as hell of being waxed down there. Believe me, she made me feel so comfortable I hardly felt the pain most people worry about.  I will be back soon for my next appointment.
5 Nothing about a Brazilian is fun but Brandi has the ability to put you at ease. She is hilarious, comfortable, and professional. I have been to several people at different locations but Brandi is so fast at it. I'm not sure about you, but I don't like to hang out all day long. If you want someone fast and comfortable, Brandi is your girl.
1 So they have a deal that first time customers get 50% their first Brazilian wax so I decided to get that done, the armpits, and a full leg done as well, so I made an appointment. When I went in the waxer Char said my hair was a little too short, but she did my armpits because the hair was long enough in those areas. This made me ineligible for the 50% of the brazilian wax which would have saved me more money. I spoke with the manager and rescheduled with the understanding that I would still get the 50% off discount. A week later I arrived for my appointment 10 minutes early, and waited.... and waited, and waited, 40 minutes later I simply had to leave, if we had started waxing then I would have been late for something else I had going that day. The receptionist had no explanation for me, and I ended up having to run home and shave as fast as I could. I would love to rate their Brazilian  services but I never was able to get it done. The armpit wax was sub par, I was waxed by Char and I left with hair still growing, hair that was waxed was growing back in 3 days. Rating the wax: Meh, totally not worth it. Rating the service: don't make appointments unless you pretty much have the whole day open I guess. But the staff is friendly.
4 I love this place! the girls are friendly and do a great job...the place is clean...i will definitely go back.
4 I love this place! Char is a great technician and I always look clean and polished when I leave. They are very professional and flexible.
5 I had Kayla for my eyebrows and she was great! Very personable and wanted to make sure I was happy with them before leaving. The decor is very cool and the receptionist is friendly! Oh and your first brow waxing is free!! How cool is that? Dont forget to tip though ladies! Free doesnt exclude you from leaving a tip!
2 Worst location ive been to yet. Constantly messing up my appointment. Multiple times when ive had to cancel or reschedule they said the problen was handled and somehow my account went on probation for no call no shows? Their clocks are 6min faster than 3 different clocks synced to mntn time so when i showed this last time, 1min past my appointment they said there next opening was in an hour. Good thing they only have 2 good waxers. I wont be returning
5 Been coming here for a couple of years now...Kacie is the best!! Front desk people are friendly.
5 There is nothing more enjoyable than getting hairs plucked from your eyebrows it is such a pleasing experience. With that said I was really pleased with my service at the European Wax Center.   I went in with a disaster from a waxing/plucking from Dolce and my stylist fixed me up. We discussed how we were going to get those sister back to normal. She did a slight grooming and opted to let them grow. It was a rough month but I did it and when I went back we touched them up and now they're back to normal.   The waxing is delicate and not harsh and no over plucking!  We discussed what I wanted and what shape I desired.  Jackie gave me her input and I listened.   As a new customer my first service was free and I has a coupon for my second visit. The $18 after that is well worth it and reasonable. Eyebrows are very important in a woman's life and should not be messed with carelessly.
