1 Orders are always wrong or missing items, whether you dine in or drive-thru, don't seem to matter.  As a new location I gave them the benefit of the doubt the first few times when they made errors but it continues and happens every time I go there, I will not be going there anymore.
4 McDonald's - one of the initial franchise empires to pave the way for every other company out there. Normally I stay clear from McDonald's because they don't seem too healthy but who am I to argue with all these new commercial campaigns they have about saying their food is fresh...... This particular McDonald's is new so it's very inviting and clean. I haven't had the pleasure of trying it out for myself but my daughter ensures me that the playground is good to go. Far away from civilization, this McDonald's has a double drive-through so either they're expecting a major boom out this way or there's some serious McDonald's lovers close by & they wanna be ready for anything.   The other day I tried to order some chicken strips and found out that McDonalds discontinued them. I was pretty devastated considering I feel they are somewhat healthy amongst the wide variety of potentially fatty carnage. Not to say that they are, but after years of having negativity drilled in your head about the unhealthiness of these fine establishments, you tend to start believing it. Feeling doomed for all eternity, I was recommended to try the new breaded chicken wings aka mighty wings. Low and behold, these meaty bite-size morsels hit the spot. They have a little bit of a flair to them as well! I like them so much that I forgot about the dipping sauces.   Hopefully the price comes down a bit because I can see myself ordering these from time to time. However, for a dozen wings I think it's a bit much. They might as well off for a bucket of 20 - 30 like their McNuggets or those chicken competitors.
1 I normally like McDonalds but this one has the two drive-thru windows and has just got my order incorrect for the 4th time.  I stopped going to this store because I got frustrated with the dive through and the Manager's blame the employee's attitude.  Today the Taco Bell right next to it had 4 or 5 cars in the drive through and MDs only had one so I took the chance.  Great news, they got my sandwich and fries correct and even though i ordered and Iced tea and got a coke instead.  2 out of 3 is the best you can hope for at this store.
3 A clean and modern McDonalds. Play area for the little booger makers and a TV w/ ESPN for the old farts.  Two drive-thru lines to speed up the ordering process, and I've never had any issues w/ the drive thru. All this equates to a solid three stars.
4 So when I was a teen I worked at a McDonalds and from that experience you get to eat things when they are fresh off the grill.  It's a BIG difference, trust me. I really like this McDonalds because they keep their foods fresh.  The workers could be a bit nicer but I remember when I use to work there, you're tired from standing for hours, oily from frying fries all day, and have to smile at those crazy customers.. but it does make the experience better when you have a nice staff at the drive-thru window, I mean be nice to those who are nice to you, smile!  They are open 24 hours Friday and Saturday AND they have SAUSAGE EGG MCMUFFIN at 12am! Best idea ever.. in a sense... because now on Fridays I like to stay up until 12am just to eat that oily breakfast sandwich.  Satisfying yet a bad habit.
1 Seriously this is the worst mcdonalds. The last time I went it took 20 minutes to get a spicy chicken and a fry. They have two windows and they ignored the window I was  at while taking orders of 3 other cars. Lame.
1 This morning I give one star. I find it unacceptable to be waiting in the drive thru line with nobody else there at 6:03 in the morning having to wait 3 minutes for my order to be taken. That's unacceptable. Usually I am in an out of the drive thru very quickly however this just irritated me this morning when I'm in a hurry to get to work.
1 This location at Power & queen creek never has a working shake machine!!! yesterday it was St. Patrick's Day and NO shamrock shake!!! Today no shakes still. What a joke!!'
1 Worst place ever!!! The little punks working here don't give a shit and food is terrible!! There service sucks and they messed up our order twice!! They stare at you like they're lost and don't know what's going on!! Do not go there!! This is why we don't ever eat this nasty shit!!
1 Worst MCdonalds ever, if i could give zero i would. Super slow and irresponsible workers.
1 I can't believe that I'm reviewing a McDs...but this is the absolute worst location that we have ever been to.  It's a running joke in our family now.  Literally every time we drive thru, our order is wrong and we have to walk inside to get it corrected.  This weekend, my husband purposely ordered for the boys inside, and they still messed it up!  A couple of months ago, they asked me to pull aside in the drive thru and wait in a parking spot since they were behind on fries.  So, I waited... and waited... and watched 10 cars pull away with their food...And I'm Positive that every one of those cars had fries in the order.  After 15 minutes... 15 MINUTES... I walked inside to find my order sitting on the counter...they completely forgot about us.  They couldn't have cared less...barely an apology.  It is a complete joke to them!
3 I have a love hate relationship with this mcdonalds. I love that it is so close to home. While I try not to eat too much fast food, it's nice to have the option and not have to drive too far to get it.  Some it opened, there have been problems at the drive through almost every time. They consistently get my orders wrong; cheese when I ask for no cheese, no sweetness on my sweet tea, missing items. It just gets to a point where one gets frustrated and doesn't want to go back. I will say that today's visit was fine and I went inside as I had time. The tables were clean and the staff was friendly. I think you have a better experience if you order inside.
