5 I found this company when I googled grass installation in Phx.  I was pleasantly surprised to find somebody that called me right back and followed thru with showing up on the next day to give me an estimate!!!  It was MLK day by the way.  He wrote up an estimate and we agreed on the price which was very reasonable. I was very pleased with the outcome of my lawn and the speed with which it was done.  He had a great crew of workers and I only saw them take one break!!!  I know, unreal right?  I would highly recommend Rick and his crew without hesitation!!!!
1 NOT DEPENDABLE !!! OVER-PROMISE, UNDER-DELIVER !!! I hired Rick in March 2013 to maintain my yard, correct irrigation issues, and repair my lighting. He charged me 250.00 to do clean up on the first visit, when I had a regular landscaper one month prior.We discussed many future projects and each of our expectations regarding my property. He promised to check my irrigation, which did not actually happen until six weeks later and the repairs were finally performed last week (June 14). He finally began to investigate the lighting on May 28th, two full months after being hired, after removing the transformer for repairs, reinstalling it yesterday, the lights still do not work. The system is only 7 years old. Each and every time I was due for maintenance in this short period of time, I had to practically beg to get his crew to come out. He obviously has scheduling issues, which he had admitted to several times. I recommend looking for someone who knows their own limitations and is not just interested in the 'bigger money' projects. In the short time I worked with him I have to say he spoke of all the things he would be able to do, and barely completed them without painstaking communication from me. I feel this company is not what they say they are.
2 Unreliable
5 I'm extremely happy with the work AZ Landscape Detail did for me.  Rick is as honest as they come, and that trait can be hard to find in Arizona.    They were reasonably priced and you could tell they wanted to do quality work and earn repeat business.  They also seem quite able to handle all aspects of landscape management.  They trimmed trees, cut down trees, expert work on irrigation system, and excellent work on my sick lawn.    I could definitely recommend AZ Landscape Details.
1 Had Richard do work on my yard prior.  Original day he was supposed to come out he said something came up and needed to reschedule. I was ok with that and we rescheduled. Him or his workers came out to do the work and one damaged tube on my irrigation set up.  I let him know and he did promptly have fixed.  Touched base with him few months after for yardwork and he took time to quote me and everything else. Day came and went and no show or call saying couldnt make it? Sent him an email and all he could say he is on big job and best if get another company?  Considering he had time to quote I would think there shouldnt have been an issue.  The work isnt bad but trick is them coming out when they say they will.  Was gonna refer friends and family but think not.  Being reliable is important I think.
