5 My orthopedic surgeon Dr Feng is awesome! Always friendly and answers all my questions.
5 AMazing group of doctors. Saw Dean Cummings and he took his time to make sure I understood everything. Scheduling is quick and front office staff is very nice and handles requests in a timely fashion.
1 I went to TOCA for major foot pain I waited a long time to see the Dr so when I did they took X-ray of my foot the DR came in and said I had some problm with my foot the reason he said is bc I was old am only 44 but he was only in the room for less than 4 mins threw me some pills to take and told me to go to PT he never even introduce him self not did he ask what has been going on with my foot this place is the worse I have been to I think I will find a new foot Dr bc I still have foot pain this was TOCA in Mesa and I was a new client so why would I go back and spend money when a dr can't even tell u why this happened to my foot other than u r old
5 TOCA Physical Therapy totally rocks the casbah! NOTE: I will write a separate review on TOCA (surgeons) later...  I currently work w/Erik and Tyler (sorry, don't know last names!) and they couldn't be any greater. They communicate expectations, goals, etc consistently with me and always push me to do my best. I like that they don't sugar-coat anything either - I like honest/raw truth when it comes to my health and they deliver!  They are always available to answer any questions I have also and make PT as enjoyable (if that's possible) as they can. They also don't mind if I mutter obscenities if the pain gets bad.  I also like the fact that they make suggestions or alternatives. For example, I like to be cheap and save money if I can. Instead of buying a brand new therapy strap for stretching from a medical supply store, use an old (but clean) dog leash. Done! I love that!  Recepcion is also great work work with as they are always cheerful and helpful.  Great job, TOCA PT!
1 I was charged $70 for a $35 visit. In my attempts to have this fixed everyone I have talked too says they know they overcharged me but can't do anything about it. They say once insurance has been billed and makes a payment then they can look into refunding my money. I saw Dr Feng in the Mesa office and when I went back because I was getting worse, to the point that I can't do my job, I can't sit for more than 10-15 mins and I am in constant pain Dr Fengs response was well you can live this way right. No, I can't and I am here so I don't have too. I did do PT there for the first month and was very impressed with both Jason and Jake. I would love to still continue therapy with them but the negatives of the clinic are not worth going back. Unless you want to be over charged to see a bad doctor who is not there to help you do not go to this clinic.
4 so far I am working with Earl Feng. Mixed results on all this for my ACL reconstruction. I injured my ACL in 2012. Had a MRI done on it also in 2012 but never did anything with my MRI/knee since it wasn't hurting me in day-to-day activities. But really, I was missing out on sports - I just avoided them and I wanted to change that so I decided that I needed to get the ACL repaired.  Just so you know, human ligaments don't grow back since they don't have blood flow. So if they are broke in 2012 then they will be broke in 2014.  For some strange reason my 2012 MRI results (I even brought in the films) were out of date. So as you'd have it I had to get new ones done through TOCA. I guess I could have argued that this was nonsense for the aforementioned fact but I decided that if someone was going to be cutting me open that it might be better if I follow their system and so they can have everything in *their* file in a manner that they are used to. Luckily I am not paying for this all out of pocket but if you are or if you have a high deductible then this may be something you may want to remember if you are in the same situation as I was in.  In any case, Dr. Feng has been pleasant with me. Even when I came back in for my MRI to be read I felt like when he told me that it was still torn that he "knew" that I knew that it still would be - kind of preaching to the choir type thing.  I am planned to have my actual surgery 11JUN14 so I will have to update at that time.
4 Dr. Johnsen treated me for a sports related knee injury. He was professional, efficient and most importantly, got me back to my running routine with minimal pain. Their office is also convenient as all imaging (MRI and X-ray) are in house. Will be back if needed!
