5 This is as good as it gets when it comes to Buffets, oh and did I mention they have all you can drink BEER & WINE! But seriously they have a great selection of fresh items for everyones taste!
5 breakfast $10 minus $5 just for being from California. great food great deal. Excellent customer service.
4 They offer good selection of desserts and variety of food. All you can beer and alcohol as well. I like the frapaccino/expresso flavors they have.
4 Lots of options and it was all yummy.  You also get your drinks (beer &wine too) included as well.  The one negative was the fact that it was a bit under staffed and some items were empty.  For $25 a plate, I expected better.
4 THE "M" Wow to compare this buffet to others is difficult, to have a true comparison I would go with the Caesars Palace  of the 80's and early 90's.  They put out the best food to bring the best customers in, the Prime Rib melts, the Sashmi Salad is fresh. The whole feels of this place brings me back to when Vegas Casino's worked to get you in the door with the best of the best and great customer service.
4 $25 dinner buffet at Las Vegas?? Whaaaaa? Food must suck right? Wrong.  Everything I tried that day was delicious and flavorful! Surprisingly, they didn't have one item of food I didn't like. Although they may not have as much selection as other buffets, its definitely worth the price.  Especially that dessert bar. Omg. And I don't even like sweets. That's saying something.   The only downside is it's about 20 minutes from the strip. But hey, it's worth driving that far instead of paying $$$$ for crappy food right?
4 Always good food and great service. I am a fan of the dessert bar for sure. Great selection and very flavorful. My family and I get comp'd all the time. My favorite aspect of this buffett is that it has quality dishes. Most buffets in Vegas do large quantities with lack luster flavor and poor ingredient selections. This is top notch. I cant complain.
3 Saturday brunch is around $45 with fees.  For $45 in vegas the food better be special.  While the selection is vast and the service is excellent, the food wasn't as good as I expected.   The good:  the fried chicken, prime rib and lobster bisque were great.  The gelato was also very, very good.     The bad:  the sushi was tastless and dry, the Chinese offerings seemed to be over heated, maybe warmed up too long because no one was eating it.  Eggs benedict was dry the muffin tough.  The ugly:  the snow crab is served both steamed and chilled (nice) but the crab pieces were very scrawny, a really skinny legs without much meat.  I haven't ever seen such skinny offerings ever at a buffet.  Special note: there is a selection of all you can drink alcoholic beverages(beer /wine) but if you don't drink a lot it's a non-benefit.  Overall, not worth the $45 price point.  Something in the mid to low $30s would have been reasonable, even cutting out the alcohol. It might be a fair deal for a weekday lunch.
5 Brunch and Holiday Buffet is a bit pricey ($39.99 per person), but we went there prior to 11am and got in for the breakfast price of $10.99. The food isn't worth $40 per person so get there around 10am (lines are long) pay the cheaper price and you get the best of both worlds.  The best part of the buffet is the crab legs, Asian food selection, and deserts. The crab legs are cut in half and make it very easy to eat, this alone is worth the trip. They also have sushi, curry dishes, and other Asian foods. Deserts are yummy and they also make fresh cappuccinos, lattes, and other flavored coffees.   Service is very fast and the wait staff is very attentive and polite. We sat next to the window overlooking the Las Vegas Strip, very nice. Remember to take care of them.  Yes, they have complimentary beer (Coors, Hefeweizen, and IPA) and champagne. I'm not sure what beers or champagne brands they were so YMMV. Don't make you're decision to eat here based on the alcohol alone, there's too much to enjoy here.   I will definitely come back the next time I'm in Las Vegas.
5 Ok, some people think $39 is expensive for this buffet but they forget to tell you that the price includes all you can drink beer and wine.  I am not a drinker so I did not have any booze but let me tell you that I was still thrilled with the place.   I try to stay away from the strip due to all the rude workers at the strip.  Some people are nice but there is so much cattle traveling through those places on the strip that some people naturally feel that they can lie and be rude to you.  That was my experience at Pampas on the strip.  After that experience I was a bit gun shy about another buffet.  My father took me to Studio B at M resort.  Lets put it this way, my father is a local and likes to go to the local places in Vegas because the crowds are smaller and the people are nicer.  I am not a local but after dining at Studio B I asked if there were any homes for sale within walking distance to this restaurant.    My favorite buffet has always been Fugo De Chao but there is a new kid on the block! This place is unbelievable.  Good thing I brought some digestive enzyme pills with me because the food was so great that I polished off 4 plates, 2 coffee drinks and many desserts.  I am not a big dessert guy but the quality of their food was so incredible I just had to keep going back for more.   This place is awesome.  It feels like you are entering an airport when you go back for food.  The place is so huge and they have so many selections it is nothing short of amazing.   One of the other reviewers said that they also have a breakfast buffet.  I will definitely want to try that next time, especially if it is only $10.99 as he said.   The only problem I can see that would have ruined the experience is that others have found out about this place and the lines can be long to get in.  Try to get there ahead of the crowd.  Do NOT rush yourself.  Take it all in and spend hours there enjoying it.  The food is worth the $39 which by the way also includes the tip so in reality it is only about $34 unless you are deadbeat that never tips.
4 So word on the street is that this is the best rated buffet in Vegas. We went for lunch on our way out of Vegas and ate while our friends gambled. The line was only about 15-20 min. It's impressive that there was a line at all, since this was a random Wednesday that we were there. My friend told me he waited about 2.5 hours a few years ago and the line barely moved, so they gave up. $16 a person for lunch cannot be beat.   I was sure the food wasn't going to be good.  I was wrong. My only complaint is they didn't have sushi, perhaps because it was before 3pm. However everything was excellent. Although we did not order alcohol, because our drinking binge needed to come to an end, I did notice that beer and wine was included in the price of meal. They had some really good items like prime rib, fried chicken ... I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken but this was just delicious, panang chicken curry etc.  I don't go to this hotel, or have reason to, but if i find myself in that area I would definitely eat there again.  oh... lastly, you know how desserts at buffets can look great but taste pretty bad? The dessert here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 Seafood buffet is offered during the weekends (Fri, Sat & Sun) for $39.99 which also includes beer and wine. There are lots of different varieties of food, but I came for the seafood so that's all I tried.  The oysters on the half shell were disappointing. They were stacked on top of each other in a huge pile over ice so bits of grit and shell were mixed into the oysters.   The crab legs were split open for easy eating and served over ice. They weren't salted enough during cooking so they were a bit bland.   Baked mussels tasted spoiled, but the steamed mussels were good.  Pili-pili shrimp was cooked well and  the sauce was tasty.  Clams and salmon were decent. Fried shrimp tempura was crispy and good.   The buffet also had Prime rib which was well seasoned and delicious. Served with au jus and horseradish cream sauce, yummy!  All the deserts were sooooo good. Little bite sized pieces of everything were perfect after stuffing myself with all that seafood.
3 I ate enough for 3 so here we go.   Asian - the fried rice was really good. I usually add soy and duck sauce to my rice but they weren't available . The Pad Thai was excellent. Spicy and yummy. I would stay away from the spring rolls. They were mushy. The beer is included in the price (free).   Seafood - cooked mussels were tooooooo cooked. Rubber. The breaded shrimp didn't look good but they were good. The cold shrimp were very good.   American - fries chicken was very good. Actually, really good. The chicken Marsala was bad. No real flavor. Now to the prime rib. I'm not a red meat eater but even I can tell you that this was great. It was flavorful and cooked perfectly. Mashed potatoes were also very good.   Dessert - great selection. Hazelnut was amazing. Creme brûlée was fantastic. Flan was  flavorless. Carrot cake was good but dense. Eclair was nice. Pistachio was good.   P.S. Beer and wine are free. There's liquor for your coffee if you'd like as well.
5 Prime rib is awesome!  All the food is fresh.  Delicious. It's a great deal if you have a 2 for 1 coupon :)
