4 Stopped by the weekend they opened and the place was packed.  The employees were friendly and fun, and obviously enjoy what they are doing.  I've been back many times since and have ALWAYS loved my drinks and the service.  The italian Soda's are amazing, and the Mocha Freeze was awesome too!  My only complaint is that they used "canned" whipped cream, i wish they made it themselfs!
5 Was very impresed by their customer service!!! They were so friendly and all smiles!!! The coffee was delicious,  I will definitely come back!!
5 Nice place to drive through for a quick drink. Prices are right and the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. I will for sure add Dutch Bros my list of great places to grab my morning americano!
4 It's a tiny drive-thru coffee hut.  Menu is pretty straightforward with their variety of coffee, tea, smoothies, and a few other drinks.  I'm a big fan of their iced Oregon chai latte.  Delicious!  Service is fast and friendly.  They give out a stamp card.  You get a free drink after you buy 10, and you get double-stamps on Tuesdays.  I will definitely return when I'm in the area.  Recommended.
5 When you need an alternative to Starbucks, look no further.  The drinks come hot or cold in various flavors.  My favorite has to be the Dutch Mocha which uses Dutch Chocolate Blend Milk.  If you like coconut you might go for a Cocomo. For macadamia nuts lovers, you might want an Annihilator.  Whoa, so extreme!   They also offer fruit smoothies, frozen drinks, italian soda, and teas.  I've yet to try.  You can either drive-up or walk to the window when ordering.  The building is easy to spot from the street--a little Dutch-style home if you would.  If you stay and drink, they only have an outside patio.  Workers will get you pumped with your awesome drink with their contagious energy and personality.    If they ask you if you ever had Dutch Bros, just say NO.  They will hook you up with an almost-completed punch card that will get you a free drink the next time you visit.  Quit thinking about it, go get some! ;-)
5 Love the loud music...honestly. No sarcasm here!  My order was spot on and kept me going.  So thankful that this place is on the way to my hair stylist.    The "baristas" were friendly and gave suggestions that I gladly followed!  Can't wait for my next stop.  Coffee is my drug!
5 Okay so this is my new addiction! Not only do they make my iced soy latte just the way I like, but I can drive through with my kiddos with no problem. The most notable thing about this business though is the incredible energy and happiness that radiates from the emplyees. The company clearly is purposeful about how they hire. They hire energetic college kids who are bubbly and social and seem to be sincere in how they treat each customer. As a Sales Professional I am very impressed with this companies marketing technique and have know doubt that we will see more and more of these franchises popping up around the valley!
5 this place is no starbucks, but then again I don't think they want to be! the coffee is AWSOME and the employee's are jacked up on coffee and happy as can be!!!!! love this place!!
5 This coffee blows other chains out of the water!!. It has a deep, smooth, and creamy flavor. Im in Caramel overload heaven! Even though it's 'skinny' it does not taste like an iced coffee that's lacking any flavor or creaminess. I just wish there was a location that was closer to my home or job. But for this coffee I'm willing to drive out of my way!! I'll be back again and again and again
4 This place is a drive-thru or walk-up only and they play some loud music that was popular over 10 years ago (such as Kylie Minogue). The baristas are super hyped up on caffeine as well, and they always seem so happy and perky!  This place also has punch cards, where if you buy 10 drinks, your next is free. If it's your first time there, then you get a punch card with 9 stamps on it! Also, the week I was in town, Thursday was a 9-stamp day with any purchase, too.  As for the drinks, they are pretty good. I tried some of the different mochas, and they did not disappoint. What's also amazing is how fast they come out. Plus, they will also amp you up for the day as well.  If you're visiting this town or even if you live in Arizona, I highly recommend checking this out. This is no Starbucks or any other coffee shop that you can sit in with wi-fi, but you can jam to their tunes as you get your drink to go.
5 Ohhhhh Dutch Bros... Where do I start?   I had heard about Dutch Bros. a couple years back.. but since they are mainly located on the East side of town, I rarely got the chance to indulge in some silky goodness. However, when I found out that one of these little (TWO LANE!!!!!) huts was popping up right down the street from my apartment- I got a little excited!  Honestly, before this Dutch popped up... Dunkin was my go-to for my morning pick-me-up on the way to work. But Dutch has since changed that...  I really enjoy the Iced Kicker, it's silky and delicious. Although I have been making exceptions to my usual "dairy-free" rules when it comes to this place. To be honest though... I'm not sure why I even need to? Dutch offers a "dairy" option for everyone!  I think I should really put my foot down and start ordering this with almond milk, but we will see how that goes.   Anyway, I love this place. And lucky for me, my boyfriend lives right in-between TWO more of these sweet babies out in Tempe. I love it. The coffee is fab. Starbucks blows. Etc, etc, etc,.     OH. I do have one thing to add. I have gone to a number of Dutch Bros. in the more recent months... and it seems to me that every location gives off a different vibe.  Camelback & Central? Chill, relaxed, with a slight scent of MJ. Mill & Southern? Down to earth and friendly. Rural & Guadalupe? Awkwardly uncomfortable conversation. ..... and then there's this one. I'm almost 100% positive that I wouldn't be shocked if the news revealed a secret cocaine business was being operated from this little hut.  HOLY CRAP, PLEASE STOP BEING SO CHIPPER.  IT'S 630 AM. PLEASE JUST GIVE ME MY COFFEE BEFORE TRYING TO HAVE A DETAILED CONVERSATION ABOUT MY LIFE.  I'm really just kidding... only sort of.   TL;DR: This place is fantastic. I know the employees are super upbeat and hyper. But they are just doing their jobs, and honestly... they're pretty dang good at it! I love this place and wouldn't trade it... Except once I move to the East Valley. Then it's fair game for all 5 million of these little blue huts located out there.
4 Let me just start by saying that when it comes to coffee I like great coffee, fresh, and simple. I generally brew my own in a french press and grind beans that I buy from roasters and drink it hot and black. So most coffee shops aren't usually my cup of tea... err coffee?  But this time I am comparing it to the giant. Assume that massive chain from Seattle is a 3 star. I'd consider this place to be a 4. If I want a blended coffee, this has to be one of the better options in the valley. Their blended options have 2 shots and more of a coffee punch than I've had in other places.   Also walking up to the counter, the service was reasonably fast even though they were swamped and the staff was friendly. If you're on the go or want something cold and caffeinated, this is probably the place I'd recommend.
4 Went here because I heard they were doing $1 coffees on Mother's Day for all women. It is near our usual grocery spot so I figured I'd give it a try. First of all, they were super busy- cars driving up both sides, plus us walking up. Even so, the staff were extremely friendly and sociable. They wound up giving me my coffee for free, after we waited a few minutes for them to ring it up, and they were just swamped. My blended iced coffee overall was pretty good. Not as sweet as some places make them, which is a plus in my book, and pretty decently priced, even on a normal day.
5 The customer service here is ALWAYS wonderful! Such personable staff that always makes a genuine effort to make the customers feel welcome. The coffee is awesome! I try a new flavor each time I go and they have yet to disappoint. :)
5 Been here twice and both times I have had amazing services and it is really timely. The people working totally are enjoying their jobs and you can tell it! I wish there were more of these located around the valley!
5 Wow!  I tried this place for the first time last night (then went back this morning).  I told the order-taking guy it was my first time, to which he exclaimed it to EVERYONE, then proceeded to make absolutely sure that my drink was right, and that I was happy with it!  I went back this morning, and the same guy was there...AND he remembered my drink!  I don't know if they're inhaling the coffee fumes, but everyone there was happy, and it was just a good feeling ordering.  Kind of nice to just be able to talk a bit, instead of give an order, then wait for your name to be called.  Since they're really close to where I live now, I KNOW I'll be back!
5 This will NEVER beat Starbucks BUT it does the job if I am craving coffee at midnight! This location is 24 HOURS!!! I love that they have coconut milk, so 5 stars for the and that their employees are super, super nice!!! :-)
5 I seriously LOVE Dutch bros. The best part about Dutch Bros (besides the awesome coffee) is that EVERYONE is always in a good mood that works here! They are extremely upbeat and happy. They always ask how you are and start small talk. The music is always fun and upbeat and it's just a great atmosphere. If the line is super long, an employee will run out to your car and take your order.. Now that's what i call service!!
5 I have been a fan of Dutch Bros for several years! When they finally opened a shop in Peoria I was THRILLED. It seems it was a great idea because they've actually expanded to a 24 hour location!   The staff is always excited to see you when you drive (or walk) up. They do more than just make coffee, they get to know you, they remember you and make every experience awesome!  I have been to all of the Dutch Bros in the Phoenix area - and by far this is my favorite, but I've NEVER had a bad experience with any Dutch Bros store.   Very Highly Recommended!
5 Had my first Dutch Bros coffee ever today! Not only was my mocha delicious, but the two guys working were awesome. They were clearly enjoying their shift and made a big deal about me being a "first timer." A small thing but it made me feel special in such a silly way... And after a day of painful dental work, I needed it!! Lol They apologized and said that I'll be hooked now that I've been there... And they're right! Already looking forward to taking my daughter to her swim lesson across the street tomorrow so I can get another coffee!!
5 Amazing coffee & the energy that comes out of the coffee shack makes my day!
5 Dutch Bros is my go to for any kind of coffee drink. Prefer the smoothness of their coffee over Starbucks any day. I actually have a hard time drinking anything from there now, because it just tastes burnt ( AND Dutch Bros' espresso seems to have more of a kick).  Customer service is always top notch, so glad to finally have a location on the west side!
4 I have never been to a Dutch bros. until this location opened near my house ... where oh where have I been??! I really like these blended coffee drinks!! So smooth, creamy and full of flavor.  I can't decide between the carmelizer or the cocomo as my favorite.  The kids behind the windows are always peppy and smiling when I pull up which is a nice change from crabby "baristas" I run into.  At times they play loud electronic music and rock to the beat while serving you (yeah at 6am it can feel like a shot to the crotch) .. other times I've heard them blaring country music and practically line dancing in the shop.  Either way, great environment and even better coffee from a little spot.
5 Super excited that you are NOW OPEN! We became HUGE fans the first time we tried your amazing drinks! Employees are always very friendly and happy to be at work. Please, please open a location near the Tanager Outlets, there's nothing there, not even Starbucks! Everyone who works at Westgate would love you guys!
5 You like Starbucks eh? Maybe you should try Dutch bros! It's amazing! It always comes out perfect while at Starbucks it's a gamble at times and they don't have an ER911. That will wake you right up. It's crack in a cup for all nighters or when your tank is running low. All the coffee types at Dutch is amazing. And of course the employees are the best. Sometimes a little too hyper but I guess it comes with working at Dutch bros. Keep it up guys!
5 Love my Dutch. Usually go to Bell Rd.. But this ones closer to my house so we go here a lot too. Iced Milky Way (or carmelizer for new folks).... Deeeelish.
5 I come here every morning most weeks. They have exceptional services and remembered my drink along with my name just a few short times after going. My favorite drink is the white chocolate annihilator, which has never tasted burnt much like the corporate coffee giants. As long as Dutch Bro's is around I will be a loyal customer.
5 So friendly.
5 Why oh why can't there be one closer to me?!!!!!    I tried Dutch Bros. Coffee for the first time a couple months ago and it was love at first taste and visit.  What's mind-boggling?  There was one of these in my college town all those years I lived there and I wasn't a coffee drinker then...why didn't someone tell me then when it was only 5 minutes away!  The guys working that morning were extremely peppy and hilarious!  Although, I've heard all employees at Dutch Bros. are like this, so that's something I look forward to every time I visit now.  I told them it was my first time there and they proceeded to yell that I was a virgin.  LOLOLOL.  Funniest thing ever.  They also gave me a punch card and punched all the spots so that my next visit would mean a free tasty coffee.  Yes please!!  I tried the iced Bob Marley, which isn't on the regular menu.  It is sort of like the secret items at In 'N Out.  It's basically a banana mocha.  Mmmmm mmmmm goooooooood!  Every time I've ordered it, the person who makes it tells me how much they love it.  So, this is always a good sign!  Try it if you haven't already.   The service, whether it is in the drive thru or walk-up window, is quick but a pleasant experience every single time.  They are faster than any Starbucks I've ever been to (crowded or not crowded) and the coffee is much better.  Basically, if one of these finally comes to my area, it will replace my Dunkin' Donuts go-to for morning coffee.
5 Oh, sweet delicisousness that is Dutch Bros ... it's so good. The adorable kids that work there are quick and peppy and get my coffee to me quickly. The one and only little tiny complaint I have is that sometimes it's like they want to jump in the car with me when they hand me my coffee - personal space, people. :)
5 I'm no longer a Dutch Bros virgin and I'm in love!  Fast service, and I mean fast!  I'm pretty sure that all the employees have had their share of the espresso on any given day.  They are super hyper and super friendly and super talkative - tons of positive vibes shot into your car at the window along with your order.  Add some blasting dance music blaring from the shop and you're on your way to a happy day!  I highly recommend this place...go get some now!  Oh and try the seasonal Brown Sugar Cinnamon espresso drink - YUM!
5 I can't say enough good things about Dutch Bros.  Im a bit of a coffee fanatic, anytime I see a coffee shop that is NOT Starbucks I jump at the chance to try it out.  With that being said, we were in the area when my husband and I decided to try Dutch out.  I was in awe at the amazing customer service.  They really made us feel like we had been regulars forever.  The coffe was delicious and I couldn't help but think to myself, how customer service seems to be a priority there.  We have since become regulars and have met all employees.  The service is exceptional each and every time.  It makes getting a cup of coffee that much better....
5 I HATE THIS PLACE...  because I can't resist it. It's bad enough that I f-ing love coffee, they go and make it taste super good - wtf. Every single damn time I pull up to this place every one is smiling and happy and always asking you how you're doing...unheard of! Seriously though these kids are awesome and always make me leave in a happier mood (plus having the coffee in hand).  I swear to you, one time they gave me the wrong drink (unbeknownst to me) and I got all the way to the stoplight to see one of the baristas full on running to my car like he was getting chased by a bear just to give me the correct drink. Ah-maz-ing.   They have a ton of specials, great customer service, fantastic drinks, and if you don't know what to get they'll be more than happy to find one you'll be sure to like. 5 stars hands down.
3 It's a new Dutch Brothers coffee, I know it has been open for several months I've just been really family the drive-through is really tight and narrow drive, not good if you  have a big vehicle and you could go to $.99 store sprouts and Burger King all in the same parking lot
5 Going down to Cocomo's with the Dutch Bros. (Try it, it's so amazing it makes you feel like you've escaped to an island paradise all your own...)
5 Stupendous attitudes Efficient service Tasty options  I haven't been legitimately taken aback by customer service in quite a while, but so upbeat, enthusiastic, friendly, and spirited were the crew working this place at 8:30 on a Sunday morning, I was stopped in my tracks.    This little double drive through beauty was five deep on each side when I pulled up, blasting just the right kind of hoppin' Christmas carols, and we were immediately greeted by a welcoming dude who wanted us to have a righteous coffee experience.  He explained what was what on the menu, offered any help he could, but then let us have a minute to soak up the options and decide among ourselves.   We pulled up to the hut and received similarly boisterous service, with speedily delivered tasty treats.  I actually felt better about my day as I was driving away - proof that sometimes it's the little things that can be most important. I tipped big here and was happy to do so.   I'm heartily in favor!
5 Live off this place! Work right next to it so I'm there everyday and the workers are always more than nice! Great coffee good prices, sometimes it can get busy but I feel like they work through the rush quite well!
4 Friday night, the jams were pumpin, and the young baristas were super friendly in this drive thru only coffee/smoothies joint. :) I really liked this coffee...um, shop? No, I can't even call it a shop as it is only a coffee drive thru stand. What got my attention was the music blasting in the parking lot on "Last Friday Night"....heeeeey. So I pulled my car around so that I might be able to stay awake long enough to make it to my redeye flight back to Chicago. Both the coffee and the music helped me achieve that goal. The staff were these young kids...well, probably in their twenties, all of whom had big smiles on their faces and were moving to the music, and wait for it...not ignoring their customers in the process! A staff of young, fun employees who know how to work and have fun at the same time. And my caramel coffee latte was delicious! And since they knew it was my first time, they gave me a punch card with 11 of the 12 punches already stamped so as soon as I buy one more, the next one is free. I like that! Since I don't live in town, I gave it to my dad who will certainly be using it now. :) I also really liked how they make smoothies, slushies and coffee drinks, so there is something for everyone. Except seating. I don't think there is seating, you know, since it is a drive through. So go ahead and sit in your car, and drive through-- then drive right next door to the drive through taco stand, and let me know how that is!
5 Best service I've ever received and they're consistent!  Always leave smiling and tastebuds satisfied. I've introduced so many of my friends to dutch bros since their first day open. My favortie is their pay it forward. They get to over a hundred sometimes and its such a nice gesture.  The owner Caleb is a very nice guy too. As well as the whole staff. Thanks for the great service dutch brothers & sisters!
5 Best coffee, better than Starbucks! Better than Starbucks taste wise and customer service wise! Unlike Starbucks, you order at a window with an actual person! The Cocomos are my favorite, whether hot or blended! The people that work there are the friendliest & most energetic I've ever seen.
5 Overall experience couldn't have been any better, so I have to give a whopping 5 stars! After a sad morning at the vet, I decided to treat myself to some nearby coffee. Heard a lot about this place, especially how incredibly awesome the staff is at this location, so we had to check it out. Low and behold, the truth has been told! This visit actually turned my day completely around.   We pulled up and this super cool, peppy chick came running (yes, she literally ran back and forth to take orders and give them) out to greet us at the car while we were waiting in one of the drive-thru lines and gave us the rundown on the menu since we were newbies. She talked us through our order, we waited a few minutes, and then pulled up to the window.. or should I say PARTY! (I encourage you to take a solid look inside the shack if you have a chance..They have a friggin' DISCO BALL inside for goodness sake!).. There was a really chill, funny gal ready to take my money. She actually had the ability to hold a good conversation while we waited for our drinks (there were none of those boring lulls or awkward glances where you accidentally make eye contact before your food is ready)... And she even gave my pup a doggie treat! OH! Annnnnd, gave us a punch card but punched all of the spots so that we would get a free drink next time!!! Can't wait to go back! I seriously left wanting to get a part-time job there just so I could become friends with the workers and have them in my life. Haha You guys rock!  And the iced drinks were OH SO DELICIOUS!! Try the Annihilator. You won't regret it.
4 Their coffee is delicious, however generally sweeter than Starbucks and more reasonably priced. The staff is always chipper and pleasant. I definitely recommend! They get stickers every month so ask the cashier!
5 Boy are they caffeinated..er PERKY...at this store! I had my first visit but my kids go all the time when they are out with Dad so I actually had to read the menu. Pretty easy stuff to pick from but I'm not sure where they get their beans cuz after 5 sips of my iced coffee, I was W-I-R-E-D!   Son loves the thai chia latte iced with lotsa whip and my littlest guy likes the not-so-hot chocolate with the whipped windmill.   Cute place, fast service, but definitely will order decaf next time. LOL
5 Always fast, delicious and friendly! It looks like a fun place to be and the workers look happy to be there.  The coffee always comes out exactly as ordered and the runners make the long lines bearable.
5 I may be friendly but I will probably never be Dutch Brothers Friendly. Evertime I go to this location everyone is always super nice, my coffee is always delicious, and I some how always get sucked into an awesome conversation with the workers. I'll choose Dutch Brothers over any coffee anyday!
5 Believe the hype! I drove by this place and there was a ridiculous line of cars and also a long line leading up to the pick up window. I've been to Dutch bros before but not this location. Anyway, there's not much to say that already hasn't been said. Employees are fantastic! I haven't seen teenagers this cool since I was a teenager looking in the mirror! The service is super fast. So yes, the line is long but you'll be on your way before you know. The coffee is amazing. Way better than Dunkin and Starbucks. I got the Carmelizer and I think I may have a heart attack now, but it's worth it. It was so amazing I really believe it was made from pure unicorn blood. That's the only legit explanation I can find for the deliciousness of it. Now if only we could get one on every corner then life would be complete.  Oh and I almost forgot to mention that I bought a large drink and got a card that was stamped 9 times already! Awesome!
5 OH. MY.  This is a fabulous establishment. I would give them 10 stars if I could. I had never been to Dutch Bros before and they have left an ASTONISHING lasting impression on me. I will never return to Starbucks (not that I ever liked them anyway). I was blown away by the energy, positivity and phenomenal customer service. Also, the drinks are the best I have ever tasted. Try the Cocomo. I plan on trying everything on their menu at least once.   Oh, and I was SO excited to learn that they are opening a Dutch Bros in Surprise!  WAY TO GO, DUTCH BROS!
5 This establishment is beyond great, good people with great attitudes and customer service skills.  Quick shout out to the early morning peeps Kyle and Josh for keeping the LRG Carmelizers coming so early in the AM.
5 OMG! Talk about STELLAR service! The guys were so awesome & seemed genuinely friendly, not just, "hi, I'm asking you how you are because I have to & I could really care less!" I had an iced caramelizer which was okay, I would've preferred a stronger coffee flavor. I will DEF venture back there to try some more of their drinks.
5 Incredibly friendly service! Keeps in theme to "Dutch Bros." customer service and on that alone, this establishment can easily be the best coffee shop. Dutch Bros. has no competitors!  All the drinks are strong (Strongest being 6 shots of expresso!)  The constantly are having double punch tuesdays or specials, giveaways, discounts, you name it!   This specific location is 24/7 and has walk up and drive through. Very similar to an old fashioned ice cream stand.  Prices are equally comparable and some are better than Starbucks.  5/5 without a doubt, and I'd be surprised to find a person who likes iced or blended coffee beverages and didn't like Dutch Bros.!
5 I love this place! I like that there are two drive thrus, so that more people can get in and out. The employees are friendly and super positive. I usually get the Carmelizer and it's delicious! Their smoothies are pretty good too!
5 Seen this place in passing many-a-times.  First time visiting today and what a lovely experience!  The staff there brings out such a great vibe.  I left there happy just seeing smiling faces.  More places need to follow suit!  Coffee is good.  I'm a Starbuck's kind of girl - well, really Seattle's Best but that's hard to come by nowadays without Border's - so that's my palette.  I thought DB was good but different preference.  I had the coconut mocha one.  It was really good though, just different.  This location is normally not on my route to anything.  Just happen to be by it today and I'm really glad I tried it.  There's one they are building closer by to my house and i'm looking forward to it getting built!
5 If you have not been to Dutch Bros. yet, stop what you're doing right now and get there! This place is amazing! Don't be intimidated by the line of cars. There is always a line but it goes fast and it's totally worth it! Not only is everything there phenomenal, the service is unbelievable! My son says "I think you have to be so cool and nice to work there!" This is the only coffee shop I go to now. Love love love Dutch Bros!
5 I love Dutch bros and especially this particular location!! They are genuine and enjoy their job and it shows. They make you feel welcome and are upbeat every visit. I am so happy they have ventured out to the west side of the valley
5 This review has been a long time coming. Why did i take so long to right a review about this place?  I have no idea.  But better late than never.  When this Dutch Bros. first opened up. I use to live right across the street from it on the other side of the freeway.  I've since moved, but i still make it point to come to this Dutch Bros. at least once a week.  In fact this is the only Dutch Bros. i go to cause i'm afraid of having a bad experience at another. And having that tarnish my dream of Dutch Bros. being the TRUE happiest place on Earth (No disrespect to Disney). Simply put,  I love Dutch Bros.  The people there is what makes it so good. Don't get me wrong the drinks are great.  My favorite is a blended Chai with the works.  I've tried some of the other coffees there and they are good. But i always come back to my blended Chai.    But as i was saying before it's the people that make Dutch so great. As i said in my tip.  No matter how bad of a day you are having.  It's hard to not come from that place being in a better mood cause they are so personable.  Yeah, at times the conversations can be repetitive if they don't know you even if you go there alot.  I always seem to see fresh new faces whenever i go.  So at times i do get kind of tired of having the same conversations.  But that is just me being nitpicky.  I can think of alot worse things when it comes to customer service.  And they seem to genuinely care about what you have to say.  Plus, how can you hate a place that is always playing good music.  And shines a disco ball during the overnight hours.  It's like a constant party at that place.  And all the employees seem to like being around each other.  I keep waiting for them to bust out dancing around a water fountain like a episode of Friends.  If you never been to Dutch Bros., what are you waiting for?  Why are you reading this review?  No, wait!  Don't stop reading this review :)  But seriously go out and find the nearest Dutch Bros. and indulge in their tasty coffee bean goodness.
5 Love this place plain and simple. Hands down always enjoyable service and drinks! The customer service is always great and I always make a new friend when I'm there (3 of which follow me on instagram) I go out of my way for that coffee!
5 First time ever visiting.  Tremendous service.  Awesome coffee.  Amazing people.  Will make it a daily stop from now on.
5 Out of the three locations I have tried counting this, the Thunderbird location tops them all with energy, friendliness, which leads to busyness! They always do have quite the line in the morning, and also afternoons.  The reason why I love Dutch so much is:  1. Their coffee is a little lighter compared to the rest. 2. It's fast service. Definitely faster when going down to order instead of drive thru. But they crank out coffee like a machine! 3. The baristas work magic. They are fun, friendly, and have genuine conversations with you.  Finally, some get coffee for the taste and options. Most, like myself, love the taste and options, but I go for energy! This place jams music to get you pumped up for the day. As a result, 5 stars Dutch. You may be my new favorite place to go!
5 Love Dutch Bros! This location is my favorite by far, and I've been to quite a few around the valley. Great people working here, fast and friendly.
5 bob marley! all i have to say!
5 Even today, once again super busy. Crazy line, guy came out with smart phone & took our order. It was ready when we got to window. :) Super friendly & yummy drinks.
5 I was first introduced to Dutch Bros. about 2 years ago, when a new location was built right down the street from me. They were offering free drinks for their grand opening, so I thought I'd give them a try. I ordered the most chocolately thing on the menu (double chocolate mocha - I had mine blended), and I was hooked. When I moved almost a year ago, I was heartbroken because there wasn't a location close to me. However, this location (Thunderbird), is somewhat close to me - it's not super convenient, but I'm willing to go a bit out of my way - that's how much I love their coffee!   Now, about the location itself. They have two drive-through windows and one walk-up window, all of which are almost always busy - likely a combination of how amazing their coffee is and because they are located right off the 101 freeway. The employees are always super-friendly - I've never had a bad experience with any of them. A few times I was charged incorrectly or they forgot my stamps, but they always make it right, no questions asked. I stop by at least once a week (more if I'm feeling stressed or needing a boost). I also sometimes order the chocolate chip muffin top as a breakfast treat to go along with my coffee.   In addition to the great prices, excellent service, and great coffee, they also do many promotions and fundraisers. This is a great company that I hope is around for a long time!
5 In mere seconds, an excited teenager with a huge smile darted out of the shade to take our orders on an iPhone. Ooh, I guess Square isn't just for tiny businesses nowadays. Neat.  The drive-thru here (I usually don't use them) is the fastest I've seen in any Dutch Bros location. It was so quick, our order was ready when we arrived at the window, and we didn't have time to tell the other employee just how good our days really were! I mean...not that she sounded sincere or anything. Clearly, there's a Dutch Bros script they have to follow.   I bet if she had a cocomo as delicious as mine, she'd cheer right up. =)
5 Located right off the freeway, this branch is easily accessible. I've been at most hours of the day, and lines haven't been too long (drive-thru). The iced lattes are amazing if you like really sweet coffee drinks, and the coffee isn't too harsh on the stomach.  Service is always friendly, which could be ehh sometimes if you don't feel too chatty at times. But they often give extra stamps, which is nice.
3 Holy shit their music is the loudest I've heard. I have to keep my windows rolled up til my coffee is ready. Sorry dudes. Too early for EDM. Actually, is there ever really a good time for EDM?  Their drive thru needs some serious redesigning. Pretty stupid layout.   Other than that, typical Dutch Bro establishment. The coffee is comparable to crack and gets the job done.
4 Just finished my drink! This place is in a convenient location and the drive thru was super quick! When we drove up, some one took our order by coming to our window. The drinks were ready by the time we got to their window! Everyone seemed super enthusiastic and nice.  I got a medium non fat blended chai latte. It was good! I liked the topping they put on the whipped cream. It was a mix of brown sugary nut meg goodness! I also tried the kicker which was good too. Neither of the drinks were too sweet.   The only thing is that I wish the chai had a bit more chai flavor. It was a little bland, but still refreshing. The drink quickly became just ice after a several sips.   I would come again, maybe to try it iced instead of blended! I also want to try the Coconut drink.
5 great customer service! Delicious coffee! The double chocolate iced coffee is the best!! Love Dutch Bros coffee!!
5 I'm not sure why I haven't thought to give this place a review. I LOVE Dutch Bros!!! The people here are always so happy and friendly. I always get the Peach Green Tea! For $2.75...that's a good deal compared to some other coffee/tea places...not to say any names though.  I've had their smoothies before and I find it too sweet for me, but I still go for their tea! If you haven't already, I would like them on Facebook so they'll keep you updated on deals.   However, I haven't gone in a while because their lines are sooo long, like at least 5 cars on each drive thru. However...they are very quick, and if there is a line they will come out to take your order and have the drink ready when you go up to the window...so they are awesome. And that's that.
5 "SIMPLY THE BEST"  I only needed three words
1 If you like the taste of coffee don't come here. If you like the taste of sugary warm milk then this is the place for you. Sent mine back twice then gave up and threw it in the trash.
3 My review is base on my OVERALL experience.   1. Coffee: Deeeeelish. Being a SBUX feign for many many years I can say I've converted! My favorite is the iced kicker with two shots of espresso and I believe Irish Cream.  The menu is simple (enough for hubby to order).   2. Prices: Very affordable and I love the kids cups/straws, I feel like they do not cut corners.   3. Location/layout: Great location off of the 101 freeway. I must say the layout is a miss. I find myself in the drive through line for 10-15 plus minutes in the morning. Their system is just not efficient even with two drive-thrus.  4. The service: Yes, it's true staff is very upbeat and friendly. HOWEVER, being awkwardly friendly is not okay. Granted I'm sure the company presses them to be this way but Dutch Bros...it's alright to turn down the "bubbly-ness" just a notch. I feel very uncomfortable every single time. For example the cashier was hanging half of her body out the window and meeting me the whole time I was waiting for my order. I hope I don't come off as a grouch but I can't possibly be the only person who feels this way?
