5 Great place to buy in bulk. Love the free samples.
3 So based off of where I reside I had to make a choose from Sam's club (on the west side) to the new and shiny Costco (Sun Prairie) located very close to my new house.  I obviously went with Costco.  The very best place to wonder into when you can't think of what to eat for lunch, free samples galore! yes!   The prices compare to Sam's club, but I do like that Costco seems to have its own house brand Kirkland's Best, which seems to be very comparable to leading brands. I like it.  The lay out of this store is a negative, and some things are just hard to find. I eat a lot of Sun chips, and I still have not found them except in little take for lunch variety bags, ahhh shucks.   The milk is my favorite! Large containers and a good price, Milk---It does a body good!  Nice produce selection, but remember it is all in bulk, so if your looking for one tomato...think again. your going to have to buy the entire flat of them.  Why I'm giving this 3 stars is mainly because when I need help the only employees standing around are the sample people, who seem to not have a clue where other things in the large store are located. What is up with that? Disappointment.  It's a big box store, need I say more.
5 I enjoy Costco.  It's the sort of place that can really help a person out when they've spent the better part of a day thinking, "I have zero of a product...and I'd really like to purchase a pallet of said product, thus negating my need to ever purchase said product again."  Plus, they give out lots of samples and have a foot-long dog and a drink for $1.50 at their snack bar.  I'm there.  The hot dog alone is worth buying a membership.
4 I.  Love.  Costco. Where else can you find a rotisserie chicken, French champagne, Goat cheese, 50 rolls of toilet paper, Polish sausage and tires?  (Yes I bought all on the same shopping trip recently). The party I threw with some of those ingredients was a stellar success.  I won't say which ones.  Staff is always friendly and helpful.   My biggest complaint is the parking lot.  It's kinda awkward and funnels people in and out of one narrow driveway.  People with their overloaded shopping carts and drivers driving for a bargain make it a hazard course. .
4 I am a fan.  However, I wish I did not have to sift to find the deals.  After all, they should beat any regular store, right?  Yes, but they don't.  Regardless, they do have some good deals.  If you have a child, this is the place to go for a birthday cake.  $18 for a half sheet cake.  INSANITY!  The pastries are great.  They have 3 lb. rotisserie chicken for $5.  Fabulous.  Their wine selection is pretty decent too.    One of the main reason I go there is for the dog food.  I feed my dog Iams.  The bags they have are 10 lbs bigger for the same price as any other store.  They sell furniture too.    The tire center and the optical centers are GREAT deals!  You can take your prescription in and get new lenses.  The tire center will out price ANY other place.  There is cheaper gas too.    Basically, for $55 they have good options and it is worth it.
5 I honestly cannot say anything bad about Costco. They run GREAT deals and definitely are about putting their customers on a high priority. I come to this Coscto in particular at least 2-3 times a month. I love that their fruits and vegetables are in a controlled temperature room and they are always stocking throughout the day.   I would recommend their pound cake, cheese cake, Kirkland all beef hot dogs, pizza from the food court, and so much more! One of the things I value the most is if you take something home and you find the quality is not good, you can bring it back and they will exchange it for you for free. One time I bought strawberries that were starting to mold. I called them and told them about it and they said to bring them back in and they would give me a new pack of fruit. They do that with all of their food. Just extremely customer friendly and helpful. I was sad to learn that the food court go rid of their ice cream bar which was very popular. Hopefully they bring it back. Their pizzas are HUGE. All pizzas are 1 size which I would measure to be XXL. They can feed up to 6-7 adults. We often call ahead of time and place a order for a full pizza so that when we get to the store, the pizza is made and ready. Much better than Pizza Hut and your other typically pizza chain. Their pizzas are amazing.    Costco is my first choice for getting tires. They typically run a Michellin deal buy 4 tires and get $70 off.    The accept debit cards, cash and checks. They DO NOT accept credit cards unless they are American Express.    Love this place.
5 Yes yes and Yes. This costco in Sun Prairie sure beats the costco i religiously shopped at in Ohio. The lay out is convenient with all these new home and jewelry items near the front that tell you to buy them. I need this, I need that. What really surprised me at this costco was the meat section. The butcher sliced up thick slabs of ribeye since I asked if I could have super thick cuts verses the already thick ones in the case. Wow, that was service at it's best.I also like how this costco has it's own refrigerated dairy room for milk and eggs only. Yeah, it sounds petty but I thought that is cool. i love you costco
