4 Finally a place that I think will survive in my area for coffee and donuts. I am a fan of Dunkin Donuts on the east coast and happy to see that this place opened up after countless number of other places failed in this exact location. The store itself was surprisingly large and is more of a coffee shop style than a place to grab and go. They have a good number of tables, couches and a few flat screen tvs. I was greeted by numerous staff when I walked in and told about the history of DD and the other locations in the southwest (which for some reason I had never seen around). They were overly staffed in my opinion, but since they had just opened, I figured they were training a lot of new people. There are numerous hot and cold coffee items to choose from and of course the various donuts and even sandwiches to enjoy. If you are in a hurry and don't want to get out of your car, they even have drive through.
3 Having been born and raised on the East Coast, I was raised on Dunkin Donuts. Thanks to Yelp, I learned that Dunkin Donuts increased their presence in Las Vegas with a brand new Durango Drive store (north of Warm Springs). Without any hesitation, on the way to hiking on Lone Mountain, I exited the 215 at Durango Drive, to experience the newest Dunkin Donuts in Las Vegas.      I rate Dunkin Donuts toasted bagels and coffee highly. A toasted sesame bagel with coffee would be a nice way to start the day before a hike. That would of been if they did not run out of the majority of their bagels. The two flavors of bagels that were left over at 11:30 a.m., on a Saturday were the two flavors I disliked. This left me with the other option, which was to order the two donuts with coffee combo, They were out of a lot of donuts. Fortunately there was a blueberry and frosted strawberry donut.    This Dunkin Donuts opened a couple of days ago. Understandably the new business has some flaws. The bagel and donuts outs at 11:30 a.m., on a Saturday was definitely a flaw.    Leaving aside the outs on bagels and some donuts, I view this Dunkin Donuts favorably. The employees were fast and friendly. From the large parking lot to the restaurant there is plenty of space. This is the largest Dunkin Donuts that I have yet to set foot in in Nevada. This is the very first Dunkin Donuts that I have ever set foot in that has sofa chairs in addition to table seats. In some of my previous    Dunkin Donuts reviews, I discussed how Dunkin Donuts is a place to have a coffee and donut then go on to do something else. I can now write that Dunkin Donuts is a place to relax. This Dunkin Donuts also offers complimentary WiFi.  And their coffee with blueberry syrup and sweetener is the bomb.      I am an understanding Yelper, and will give this new business three stars. Normally I would give it 4 stars. Having been born and raised on the East Coast, I will support Dunkin Donuts when as they grow on the West Coast. As of now, I am giving this Dunkin Donuts three stars. If the service goes down, I could give it less stars. On the opposite extreme if the service is good and they improve the out of stocks, it could I could give it four stars.
1 New location opened up on Warm Springs and Durango a few months ago. Very clean, as it should be. Customer service not so swell. I just went to see what the rant and rave was about their coffee. Sorry not impressed. If I had to compare the flavor to anyone else's coffee, I would have to say that 7-11 and theirs run a tie. I believe there is a drive-thru for those on the run.
5 This store is in the plaza directly across the street from Sonics & Cvs on Durango.  I came here at 7:15pm tonight,  grabbed a double chocolate donut & med. ice coffee. The donut wasn't stale & was quite delicious.  Shocker! The night shift leader Charles, & Jess were both very nice!  It was clean & quiet which is a plus for me. They do have Wifi here as well.  I like the modern feel & is the biggest Dunkin location in Vegas. C: I will be back.
2 We ordered ice tea and a dozen Spring Fling donuts. We received warm tea with 5 ice cubes floating on top and 12 identical pink frosted donuts. The website and the drive thru menu show different kinds. Stick with the coffee!
1 Terrible customer service.  Drive through being run be Shannon who acts like she's got "better things to do".  I won't be returning. Go to the charleston location or rainbow. Amazing customer service at both.
4 I work right next door to here and always have the yummy smell of coffee pouring into my office. So I finally went in great customer service, clean, cool, good music.  I got a pumpkin latte (small) for only 99 cents!!!! It was super yummy !!!  My bagel was ok but still filled me up.   I'll def. go back
