5 Best bang for your buck on the strip daiquiris are strong amd flavorful at the best prices through out the strip they refill any cup from any daiquiri bar staff and service is great  overall a great spot to hang out and kickoff a Vegas party night
5 Can't beat the frozen drinks here! Cat 5 Hurricanes for all! These are a must when visiting Vegas. We have always had a good time when having a few of these during our mid a stroll around the strip.
5 It must be a Vegas thing, but you cannot beat a store that servers adult slurpies. The service is quick and you are on your way to explore the main drag with drink in hand. Keep your container and you will save a dollar or two on your refill. It is also a small way to save the planet.
5 This is a smaller location compared to the one at plant hollywood. This is located at the end of the shop forums near nike and express. I usually go for the fruity one because it gets less gross by the time you finally drink it all an hour later. I typically go for the strawberry mango. You can ask the workers for a sample of the flavors, which is nice. Some of them taste good in the beginning then it gets gross half way down 1/2 a yard. For example, 44 magnum is good for a couple of sips than it starts to get a little gross in the middle.   Well drink shots is $1, premium  $2 Where at planet hollywood it is all $1  I also think the jello shots at planet hollywood is cheaper too.   Overall, I love getting this iceey to get my party on. Especially during the summer this really hits the spot.
3 For me Fat Tuesday was a novelty, and I was excited to try it. This place is located int he forum shop, and it was definitely small and a bit empty, which was good for me. I dont know how the heck people can down a half yard or even a full yard. My hats go off to those beasts! Because I was feeling a little queasy, (my stomach was being an asshole) I decided to just go with the pilsner 22oz for $11. I read that some Fat Tuesdays offer samples. When I asked for samples, the server told me that he usually only gives one sample, but for me he would allow me to have two samples. I did not feel special. Allowing me to get 2 samples is no big whoop. I decided on Mango and Rum. It was pretty good! The mango was very prominent in slushie. I must say, I was pretty full by the time I finished it. I did not feel a buzz at all. So much for the rum, eh? My friend got a peach bellini. Now that one was pretty dang good. Either way, i think Fat Tuesday is a nice place to stop by for a fruity, slushie, alcoholic drink on a nice, warm (or hot) day.
5 I always go to this Fat Tuesday location when in Vegas. It's great to drink for all day fun while you shop or walk the strip. Definitely gives you a great buzz or if you add a shot or two it can get you really drunk haha
5 Air out your old clothes and pick up the dirty laundry drink. This is an extremely affordable and tasty option for drinks on the strip. Your night will thank you for it!
5 And so Vegas starts...
5 It's hot I'm sober it's 11 am. Fat Tuesday's and a 48 oz hurricane slushie with 151 took care of all that. I'm cool I'm really buzzed the morning is over. Thank you Fat Tuesday's!
5 It's Mardi Gras people, how do you not go to Vegas without it? Those who know whats up do, those who don't will. So skip the pretenders, and don't forget your 1/2 yarder for refills!
5 MUST MUST MUST go here and if you want to get hit.... Get the 44 Magnum. It does work....  The best and most powerful iced beverages on the Strip. I didnt need the extra shot, but would have been worse off with it... The one is all I needed, I got a 32oz traveler mug full. Was charged a lower price to refill than was posted...BONUS  Don't waste your money anywhere else, but be careful, my GF got another flavor and it was a disappointment, I can't remember the combo she got. Just stick to your guns and get the 44 Magnum (sorry for the pun)
3 It's practically a rite of passage to get a yard drink at Fat Tuesday. What do you mean you don't want to hold a giant drink down The Strip? By the end of the day, you will. If you're a 4 foot tall little Asian girl, maybe you shouldn't get the whole yard one.   The line is insane. Be prepared to wait and wait and wait and wait. I'm not really sure why it takes so long to dispense pre-made slush from a machine or to shove in a few shots of alcohol. You have the customers, you don't need to make yourself seem more popular.   The staff is friendly and personable, but I think I would trade that for faster service in a heartbeat. The drinks are reasonably strong and with an extra shot, perfect. If you're planning on nursing just one drink a day, this is it. Save your cup for a discount.
3 Always a MUST before and during walking the malls.  ;-) Gotta get the extra shots in the drinks or a little weak and some can be very sweet. Update:  The drinks seem less octane now and overly sweet, the extra shot tasted like rubbing alcohol.  :-(
5 This location is bigger than most. Usually wont be a line or if there is, there's not much of a wait. I usually get the octane 190, it's the strongest thing they have. Throw in 2 extra shots and ur good. If you want to relax a bit, the more girly drink would be belini. Awesome taste.
5 Hands down, the best bang for your buck place to get drunk in Vegas!  $11 yard refills just can't be beat in my book by anybody else. The atmosphere here by the workers too is extremely laid back and the TV's playing football weren't a bad idea either.   Go for the 151 and the $2 shot!
4 Great prices and fun drinks lol
4 Quick service and great location!  I went to the Fat Tuesdays in Planet Hollywood and got a mug of Hurricane and Strawberry...walked along the strip towards the Wynn and stopped by this location for a refill of 44 Magnum and Strawberry.  Thanks Fat Tuesdays for helping sustain my day buzz and being so conveniently and thoughtfully located for people like me--you know I'll be back!
4 Fat Tuesday Fat Tuesday Fat Tuesday !!! Now that I know famous.bar located at South Beach I can finally write my Review in peace.Lol  Fat Tuesday Las Vegas looks even better and nicer than Fat Tuesday South Beach Miami.Same talking about audience.At Las Vegas you find all types Of people getting and trying the drinks.Fat Tuesday SoBe It's probably the ugliest and cheapest place on ocean drive where you can find all the gettho people. Drinks at Las Vegas Fat Tuesday are waaaaaay too sweet and I have tried and threw almost all of them.Since then I just stick with the margarita which  It's the more decent drink they have in my personal opinion.For me audience and ambience it's awesome,even though it's a take out bar.  Drinks at Fat Tuesday SoBe are Ok,they have whatever you order,and they are affordable compared to other restaurants and bars.Please note that ambience and audience it's not the same as Vegas,you get what you paid for.
5 Fat Tuesday is awesome!  I come here every time I visit Vegas.  This visit, I got the 48 oz football and had the hurricane.  Didn't get the extra shot but halfway through it, I was buzzing it down the Forum Shops and The Strip.  Good thing they have locations all over so you can get refills.  It's faster than waiting for drinks while you're playing slots in the casino.
5 Loved it here!! Went back multiple times to the many locations on the strip! All sizes were reasonably priced and there were so many flavors to choose from. I got cotton candy, it was a mix of Bellini and berry, it was so good!!! My boyfriend and I both got them with extra shots of 151 in them...that was good too but it'll sneak up on you. This was the perfect place to stop and grab a quick drink because service was very fast. I can't wait to come back here on my next visit to Vegas!
4 I had the hurricane and it was awesome.  You want to add some excitement to your drink get the additional Shot of Rum for a $1 and BAM !
3 I love Fat Tuesday but I always get stomach pains after I hve a whole yard stick by myself so I wouldn't recommend get the slushes but instead have a drink you like made in the yard stick
5 Love this !! Great tasting, doesn't even taste like alcohol, so delicious!! Always get an extra shot ;)
5 If you go to Vegas you must go to Fat Tuesdays! They have an array of differentiating drinks and within large containers. I do believe this is a signature Vegas must have, because once you get your beverage you're off to walk the strip with a large quantity of alcohol in hand. Even if you don't have $ allocated for drinks, they have a shot menu with items for a couple of bucks.
5 Fat Tuesday is a cool little bar found inside several of the hotels. They do blended drinks, so it looks like a line-up of alcoholic slushies! There was a bit of a line, but the girl working was pretty on-task, and we didn't have to wait very long.   We got $1 jello shots to start--all they had was cherry, and the bartender/server was kind enough to loosen the jello for us. I went with three couples, so we ended up with three drinks and they were all tasty! The mango and 151 was definitely my favorite.  I have to say, I was a bit grossed out by the yard and jug of slushie options. As long as people share it, I guess, but I feel like it would be like 90 servings... Though I suppose eating healthy doesn't exist in Vegas =)
5 Oh man if you are in Vegas you have to get Fat Tuesday haha. It's like $15 for a tube that is pretty giant. They have many different flavors and different sizes and of course different prices as well. You can also pay a little more to put an extra shot in your smoothie. I would say its well worth the money cuz I think the beverage was pretty strong and you can tell that they put a decent amount of booze in it. And you will look super awesome holding your drink walking down the strip ;)
1 They are so rude here! Maybe it is because it was hot but the girl there needs to take a chill pill and maybe actually order a drink for herself. My friends and I are on vacation and we just wanted drinks to have fun. We didn't need the amount of attitude given, we just wanted to get buzzed.
3 I've searched through a few Yelp reviews to fin this specific Fat Tuesday to write this review...  This one, especially in the mall (Caesar's Palace?) DID NOT have the nicest workers. When my friends and I walked in there, they immediately asked us what we wanted. Mind you that it was our first time here and wanted to look at the menu to decide! They asked us about every 3-4 minutes when we were ready and there was NO ONE in line. When we said we wanted to try out a sample of 3 of the flavors, she just handed us the samples like she was annoyed. (I know you are tired and you handle with drink/hungover people all day.. but at least smile or STOP nagging us to order...)  Anyways, ordered the mojito and mango rum in the half-yard bottle. We were given two straws and since us 3 girls were sharing, we wanted to to ask for another straw. But because of that rude lady that served us, we didn't want to deal with her again.  The drinks are pretty good, but it takes a while to finish. Will be back at another location because I don't want to deal with the rude staff again. (I read other reviews about their poor service from other yelp reviews... so it's just not me).  Oh yeah... if you buy the half-yard to 1 yard bottles, keep it and you can get refills for a cheaper price!
5 I love Fat Tuesday. This daiquiri Vegas staple hails straight from NOLA and is the Vegas version of Wet Willie's.  With so many flavors to choose from for anyone who is a drinking novice, to those who plan on tackling the 190 Octane and extra shot of everclear, I am certain they will not be disappointed.  The only downfall was that the manger/waitress at The Quas was rude location and not accommodating to customers. However, it's Fat Tuesday, so I will patronage the nearest location to me.
5 If you are looking for "that gigantic boozefied slurpee" that you see everyone waling around with, the only place to go is to Fat Tuesday. They have fantastic flavors that use Bacardi 151 (That means 151 Proof Rum btw) and they are by far the cheapest on the strip @ $18 for a 'Yard' (48oz) and $14 for a refill. They also offer extra shots for around $1 each.  You have to go to Fat Tuesday or you are just wasting your money.  Cheers!!
5 They have a ton of Fat Tuesdays (and imitators) all over the Strip and casinos, and I'm so happy that's the case. Who doesn't love a dangerously innocuous-seeming yardlong slushie alcoholic beverage?  My favorites are the peach bellini, mango and strawberry. A trip to Vegas isn't complete without a yardlong girly drink. Yum.
5 My first time here during a week trip to Vegas...got a Miami Vice with Eyecandy was actually really good next time I will probably get extra shot(s) but for my first time it was good...it was a clean place with friendly...animated staff so seemed like a fun place to work...but hey they have alcohol around so...yeah haha...I have my half yard cup in my suitcase:-)
3 Great piña colladas! However, where is the alcohol? Either get a shot in your drink or opt for another bar because I'm pretty sure the only thing that is in these drinks are calories! I got a great mug out of it.
