1 Truly a bizarre experience here, more than a bad one, but shitty nonetheless, thus the one star.  I will start with the positives in fairness to the restaurant, as they did just open a few weeks ago.   1) The food is alright. Nothing too special, nothing bad.  Alright, with the good out of the way, lets get into the bad. This place is an epic service fail, with the hash-tag and all.  Originally, I had four friends at my house and we ordered take out from the restaurant. I placed a $70 order for food and please take note of the dollar amount, it will be important later.  We each ordered a combo plate, so five combo plates, each with a couple different items. I made sure to tell them on my order, that I do not want beans, as I am allergic to them.  Order was taken and I was told to be there in approximately 30 minutes.  I showed up to the restaurant right on time and was told to wait. Not a big deal, a few minutes wont kill me, at least they are getting the order right and it was a large order. After waiting twenty minutes, they delivered the order and I left.   What ensued was quite simply the most absurd packaging job ever. I will try and break it down. So on three of the five combos, we had a taco ordered. Well, they put the three tacos in the same box ,not with their respective combo. They did this with everyones order. So it was kind of like a buffet, but having to rebuild what you had ordered. Why on earth would you do this? Add to that, they still got the order wrong and left out items while including stuff no one ordered.  To cap it, they had beans and rice in every box, so I could not eat it anyways.   I politely called the restaurant and the manager eagerly took my call. She apologized profusely and offered to either refund the money or would rather have me come back in and will credit my meal and mark it in her log. I really respected her cantor on the call and her professionalism and took the credit instead, as I was willing to give this neighborhood spot a second chance as the manager had won me over and I wanted to have another go to Mexican restaurant near by.  Fast forward a week later and myself and girlfriend go into said Garcias to dine in person. Upon walking in, I asked the hostess about my credit and she said she would ask the manager. We were seated at a nice table for two and within a couple of minutes a manager approached our table. She introduced herself and for a moment acted like she didn't remember our call. Then I said check your log and she came back with our waiter and said "oh yes, I spoke to you on the phone and noted it, I am really glad you came back" She put her hand on the waiter, who was standing literally next to her and said "he will take care of anything you need". Everyone smiled, situation is good, lets order. We order one appetizer, the espinaca con queso and we each order a combo. Food is delivered timely, hot, and pretty good, not great, but decent enough, we think all is fine.  Now the waiter says "I will bring you your check." So I am thinking, he must know I want to tip him and didn't bring cash, so he is going to charge me a dollar so I can tip on my card. Nope, this guy brings me a $32 bill. I look at him and say, "Sir, we were supposed to be credited, by your manager who was standing here." This guy literally looks right at me and says "What? I don't remember". My girlfriend and I just look at each other because we are now sure we are on camera, this must be an elaborate prank. I say right back to him "you were standing right here, are you on something?" He looks at me and then says he will go ask another manager, that manager we spoke too, with him there has left. He comes back over ten minutes later with a $22 bill. They took $10 off.   My girlfriend and I just bust out laughing, we pay the bill and leave, just enjoying the massive humor this place has just provided us for years to come. We spent $70 on bad pickup order and instead of being credited back $70, or at just the $32 to cover our smaller meal this time around, we actually spent more.  TOTAL SHIT SHOW. AVOID.
4 I really enjoyed the restaurant.  There hasn't been a Garcia's on this side of town in decades and this brought back many happy memories.    There was quite a wait on the Saturday we were there, but we were able to be seated in the bar at a hightop (at my 5-yr old's request).  The staff was friendly and attentive.  They really made waiting not a problem.    We were served our drink quickly, orders taken, and the food served as soon as it was ready.  No waiting under lamps.  That was nice.    It was crowded and noisy, but like I said we were in the bar. What do you expect?  The food was just like I remember it.  The quality was very good.  I think once the staff work out all the kinks of it being a brand new restaurant, brand new staff dynamic, things will run like a well-oiled machine.    I will absolutely be back.
1 My Husband and I went the first day they opened bad,  wrong food, wrong check, food not very tasty the only good thing was the chips and salsa. We have been back twice now giving it more time well we will not be going back at all. The food is not seasoned nor does it taste like mexican food today we ordered fajitas normally you smell them coming that did not happen we had steak and chicken the chicken looked like it was sliced off a chicken from the supermarket no taste the steak no take and tough.  We loved the other Garcias we were so happy one was opening in our neighborhood but after 3 trips no more for us.
2 Terrible service.  Stood at the hostess area for at least 5 minutes before we were greeted.  Once we were seated, our waitress was MIA for the most part except to take our order and bring our food.  We had to ask our server for Chips and salsa, which are usually the first thing to hit the table.  And that didn't come for another 5-10 minutes.    The food is your standard Mexican restaurant fare - nothing to write home about though.    While we were waiting for our server to come by so we could get to-go boxes and the check, Baby C started fussy.  So instead of being "those parents", I took him outside and got him car ready.  I do all this thinking that his dad would be heading out in a few minutes.      After 10 minutes pass, Im starting to wonder WTH was going on...so I grab the baby and head back inside.  J is still sitting there at the table waiting for our server.  He gets up and asks someone to go get her.  A few minutes later, she comes by....she was apparently tending to silverware.  Yeah, lets forget that you have customers at a table lady.    We probably wont be back, which is a shame since this is right around the corner from the house.
4 I've been to this place a few times since its opened. The service is great, but the wait time sometimes is kinda long. Their bean dip doesn't taste the same as the other restaurants which is a killer cause it so good. But this restaurant is good. Friendly helpful and the atmosphere is great.
5 I am upgrading this to 5 stars are it has gotten even better since it opened.  The staff is on top of everything.    The food is good, albeit not as authentic as I would like, but still good nonetheless.    Only complaint is that the sopapillas have too much cinnamon sugar.  The cinnamon sugar should be an option, as I would prefer them plain.
2 My bestie tried the fish tacos and I indulged with the chicken/steak fajitas.  Fajitas are always a winner... I mean it's pretty hard to mess those up.  The fish tacos were great.  The only thing lacking was the service :(  I hate being pitched... this guy was trying to make a quick buck and was so busy trying to up-sale everything he kept forgetting what we needed or asked for.  The manager Ashley is wonderful and helpful and really seems to have a firm grasp on how important the customers are to her line of work.  Our server- not so much.  On a side note... all the servers seemed pretty miserable.
3 Soooooooo........the service was good.  Chips and salsa was good.  But as for my food.... it was dry.  The vegetables looked super dry, especially the carrots.  The chicken flautas, well it was Ok.  Nothing special.  The "grilled" shredded chicken they used was dry.
5 Great salsas and bean dip.  If you like salsa be sure to ask for the roasted and hot options they have upon request.  The food was fresh and the service was great.  Very great price points and good happy hour.    I think most of the comments and ratings were given during opening weekend when that has to be expected at a new restaurant.  Definitely give it a try.  Like the other review pointed out, this place is much much better than Tee Pee.
4 I love the bean dip they give you with chips. Im critical on the salsa, being from New Mexico, :) I always get the enchilada plate when I eat here and its pretty good Not the best but not bad enough to say anything mean about it They have $3 margs during happy hour and the bartenders are usually very cool and cater to your every drinking need
4 Despite iffy reviews, we stopped for dinner because I had a Living Social deal to redeem.  This location does not deserve the bad rap it has gotten.  The food was good, the wait was nonexistent and our server, Larina, was a delight!  The restaurant is clean, we'll decorated and very conveniently located.  I'll be back for sure!
5 This place has excellent deals and great food!  I love the bean dip and the salsa they give you complimentary!
3 Service was alright - food was pretty good.  Nothing terrible, but nothing amazing. I do wish this place had been there when we lived around the corner from here.
1 It sis absolutely obvious to anyone that has actually eaten here that any positive reviews are posted by the the owners. I am a Phoenix native. I grew up with this restaurant in town, so I was happy when they opened a location in my neighborhood. I have been there twice for take out, having a marg while I waited. My first visit was shortly after they opened. Went o the restroom for some tissue for my allergies and when the stall door closed the overhead beam from the stall came down at my head. Luckily my, cat-like reflexes allowed me to duck in time. I informed the manager on my way out of the restroom he had a lawsuit waiting to happen. He laughed and said he was sorry and sat right back down with his friends in the booth, leaving the beam on the floor I assume. Weird. the food sucked too but I gave them a pass on all of this since it was a new store.  Forward to tonight. Tacos so greasy Jack in the box would be jealous, Enchiladas and rice were so wet and soggy- like the were sitting in water all day. Everything was inedible and I am a very un-picky bachelor. Tossed it in the trash and ate my frozen chicken fingers. Never again.
3 The food is different than before. I think the par cooking is the issue. The plate is very hot the food on it is not and it is not as tasty as I remember it being kinda makes me sad I loved the Tampico stuffed chicken before and now not so much..
4 This place is right down the street from me and I popped into on my way home from work (I was too lazy to drive to my usual Mexican place). I just want to grab a marg and takeout that was better then cheap Mexican food for the evening.   The hostess was very nice. I took a seat at the open bar and was offered chips and salsa shortly after sitting. I ordered the house margarita on the rocks with salt. It was good, but a little on the sweet side for my liking.   My Togo order consisted of a combo meal. I ordered the 3 items so I could have left overs for lunch tomorrow. I got am enchilada, taco, and burrito with rice and bean for 12 bucks. There was also complimentary chips and salsa, which is always a bonus!   Once I got home the food was very good! I will be returning again I the future.
2 Hmmm... I'm conflicted and a bit perplexed by this one.    First, let me admit that I bought a LivingSocial deal to this place and accidentally let it expire on Sept 3rd.  Knowing this, I called the restaurant and spoke with Jerry the manager.  After I told him the deal expired, he told me, "Don't worry about it, we will still take it." He was extremely pleasant on the phone and I presumed that he meant that the full deal would still be honored.   On the same day that I called and spoke with Jerry the manager, I went over to Garcia's.  After sitting down at my table, the server told me that she can only accept the "paid value" for the deal (which is the amount that I already paid) and that it will be deducted from my bill.  I explained that this was not my understanding after talking to Jerry the manager, but she said that she, "just talked to Jerry about it."    While I did not ask for Jerry (because sometimes I just don't feel like fighting), I am very displeased at the miscommunication that took place here.  I am deducting four stars for this whole debacle.    With all of that said, the pollo fundido was very good (even though my spellcheck keeps changing it to "pool funded")... and the house margarita helped to turn my frown upside down... but the crowning moment of this visit was the fried ice cream.  Took me back to my childhood and all was good again.  For Garcia's Mexican Restaurant, this means I added a star back.  I'd go back because of the food and fried ice cream, but not the service.
5 Was here Friday night.  Food is great.  The portions are huge.  And our waitress was so so nice.  I am from Minneapolis and we chatted some.  After our meal, we like the dip so much, we asked to pack the left over chips and dips on our table.  She instead packed a whole bagful of chips and dip.   We tipped her very handsomely.
5 Ashlee was a fantastic server! Always on top of the drinks and anything we needed she was already bringing it before we had to request it. Their fajita salad is huge and really good! $10.49 and their taco salad is good too $9.99.
3 This place is the Applebees of Mexican restaurants.  The place is clean but lacks any character.  The food is decent but does not stand out at all, pretty bland and lacking any of the rich flavors of its more traditional counterparts.  The service was good and friendly.  All in all it screams "safe" chain restaurant.  There is much better Mexican food to be found in the neighborhood.
2 While there are some good items on the menu, the short answer is dine with caution. I would suggest dining here only out of convenience or perhaps happy hour.  Nachos appetizer is great! They include generous helpings of everything you would want.   Steak Fajitas are abysmal. The quality of the steak was so low, that they should finely chop the steak Filberto's style (pre-chewed). For the price your paying, you will feel robbed.  The service was poor. The only person who seemed to care about what was going on was the Mexican in charge of chips service. I saw him frequently checking the dining room status. Unfortunately for us, the same attention was not paid by our waiter to our water or beer service. Waited 10+ minutes after chips to receive drinks.   The ambiance - well decorated and remodeled from what it was prior. Good looking interior. We unfortunately were sat by a group of stay at home moms listening to a sales presentation for a weight wrap. While slightly hilarious, I would have expected any self-respecting business owner to realize how destructive to other patrons dining experience multiple 40 year old women standing and giving weight band sales testimonials would be.
5 Really great service, server was friendly and quick. Food was served promptly and was hot and delicious. Great place, would recommend!
4 I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious the food was. We came on a slow night, so I was only unimpressed with the very casual customer service. I ordered the shredded beef chimichanga and really enjoyed myself. I will definitely be coming back for it again.
2 Why did I come here? Oh ya, a 5$ coupon in the mail. This place is not awesome. The food is all flavorless... so bland and so salty. It was nice that they give you bean dip, but the bean dip was also bland and nothing exciting. I just had a cheese crisp...pretty safe... but it had absolutely no flavor. It's like they just open cans and serve. Although this was marginally better than Manuel's, it still isn't a place I will come to again.
4 Try the fajitas chimichanga! It was super cheesy and delicious. Wait staff can be some what inattentive, but they are friendly enough. Margaritas were good and strong!
3 Went in on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't crowded. The waitress was friendly and quickly brought us our drinks. They give you bean dip (refried beans w/japs in it?) and salsa. The bean dip is something I've never seen given at Mexican restaurants, so it was a nice touch.   I got the fajita salad; it was fine.  My boyfriend got the pollos funditos, which he also thought was fine. Nothing was spectacular, but it wasn't bad.  I'd go back. It's your typical Mexican restaurants. The place was clean and the waitstaff was friendly.
5 Love this place. Great food and I always go in for lunch and never have to wait long for anything!! Great job!
2 Ordered takeout late-ish one night, combo with two chicken tacos, black beans, and rice. WTH were the tacos just placed in aluminum foil and stuck in a plastic bag that also included a container with an enchilada and the other containers of the beans, rice, salsa, and whatever else was in the order? Of course the taco shells were completely crushed.  I still ate them. Flavor-wise, they were OK. Service was fine otherwise, and the chips were good. Rice is kind of bland. I'd try them again, but I'll make sure I specify that I'd like the tacos also in an aluminum container with a lid so that they don't get smashed.  Who serves smashed tacos??? :(
2 Typical Mexican chain restaurant. Lots of salt, cheese, and carbs (oversized burritos, chips & salsa, rice, etc.).  Too many places like this in the Valley.
4 We'll love Garcia's, as a great neighborhood restaurant with good food at a reasonable price.
