5 My experience with Ken and his team was wonderful!  They transformed my home in just over a week.  That is including putting new granite in my kitchen, putting in new backsplash, new lighting, redoing my cabinets and painting my entire home.  Everyone was always extremely easy to work with and very respectful of my home and the fact that I was living there while they were doing the transformation.  He even had some of the work redone because it was not to a level of quality that he was satisfied with.  This was at no extra cost to me!   I highly recommend Ken and his team to anyone I come in contact with!  I also will continue to go back to him in the future for anything that I need!! Thank you Ken for all that you did for me!
5 We worked with Ken Wolfson on a special event where our other design guru fell out at the last minute, and Ken Wolfson and his team really came through for us to create a spectacular event design.  He created a warm environment for our guests and clients using fantastic vintage pieces--Some of the guests even inquired about purchasing a set of chairs right off the event floor.  He made everything during our hectic event prep work very smoothly, was easy to deal with from preparations to install, and we had great results.  Ken Wolfson was a lifesaver!
5 Ken absolutely impressed my entire family.  My husband was very skeptical about using an interior designer (I did it anyways).  Both of us couldn't be happier with the result.  Our house needed a new color scheme, lighting & large accent items.  Ken went above & beyond to make all three and more happen.  He was always punctual and very forthcoming about every step of the process...which made it that much easier for me to hand the keys of my house over to him for more than a week without thinking twice.  I can't wait for my next project with him.  Surprisingly enough, neither can my husband!
5 Ken designed yet another fabulous Retreat for our celebrities backstage at our award show at the Mandalay Bay in December 2013.  His dedication and professionalism along with his amazing aesthetic created a sensational lounge for the stars to enjoy.  Many of them were so taken with his designs, quite a few such as Billy GIbbons of ZZ Top fame, said they wish to visit his Ken Wolfson Design Studio downtown for a First Friday event.  His attention to detail, ability to change design plans on a dime and winning personality all helped create a hugely successful event for us again this past year.  We plan to use Ken every time we have an event in Vegas!
