5 Being Chinese food lovers, my wife and I go to a lot of Chinese restaurants. There are so many Chinese/Asian restaurants in Las Vegas, it's usually just a matter of going to the closest one to where we are at at the time. Generally speaking, menu items, taste and preparation is very similar with Chinese food, so it really comes down to the freshness of the food and the service for us.  The owners own 4 restaurants and this is their third China Gourmet that they have opened up. It's pretty apparent they know what they're doing. The establishment is clean, spacious and in a great location on the westside right at the corner of Sahara Ave and Fort Apache.   We wanted to try a few items, so we ordered the Happy Family (a delicious mix of shrimp, chicken, beef and assortment of vegetables in a brown sauce), Combination Chow Mein (chicken, beef and shrimp with soft noodles), Mongolian Beef, egg drop soup (on the house) and delicious cream cheese filled rangoons.  The food was super fresh, piping hot, delicious and very reasonably priced, but what impressed us most was the service. From the sweet, warm greeting we received as we walked into the restaurant, to the smiling, friendly server, to how accommodating they were in trying to please us, for example, the Mongolian Beef usually comes with green peppers and is spicy, which my wife doesn't like. She prefers onions and green onions and mild on the heat. They were more than happy to prepare the dish this way for her and gave her some of their delicious home-made hot sauce on the side. This hot sauce is awesome!! I personally love hot food, so their home-made hot sauce was a great addition to all the dishes for me.  The owners Mike and Vicky came over to our table and introduced themselves. Lovely warm, friendly people who have a passion for their business, truly appreciate their customers and want to please them, and definitely know how to run a good restaurant with their experience as owners of several restaurants.   They were so sweet to us last night, I just wanted to reciprocate in some way by giving them a good "plug" on Yelp. We wish them tons of luck of success with their newest venture and ask that as many of you as possible try China Gourmet on 9002 W. Sahara Ave, Las Vegas. You won't be disappointed!
5 China Gourmet opened recently at this location and serves the Summerlin and Lakes area of Las Vegas. The food is made fresh and the lunch special with a free drink is quite a good deal. I enjoyed the curry chicken, singapore noodles and lemon chicken. Will definitely come back and eat here again. The restaurant is located next to Cafe Rio at the former Yogoyum location. The staff are all quite friendly and helpful too.
5 My Daughter and I moved here about 6 mos ago from Texas and we are working on finding our favorite food spots.  We decided to visit China Gourmet last week for dinner based on others reviews and were not disappointed! This place looks very clean and comfortable.  The staff were all smiles when we walked in and once our order was placed we quickly received our dishes and each was delicious and impressive in taste.  The Tso Chicken was actually somewhat spicy! So many places I have visited in the past that had spicy dishes that didn't deliver the heat.  We both agree that we have found our new spot for great Chinese food! Thank you again!
4 China Gourmet is a quick chinese food fix.  The food is fresh, tasty, and there is a decent variety.  Try the family meals or the dinners for two combos for great value. We had the appetizer platter with shrimp, egg roll, foil wrapped chicken, etc.  Everything was tasty.  We also had the happy family and a spicy shrimp dish.  Everything was well prepared.  The service is friendly, the place is immaculately clean and there is an open kitchen if you want to watch them prepare your food.  For those of you from back east or who are sticklers about authentic chinese, this place is not there.  Rather it is somewhat better than the heat lamped panda express and an east coast chinese restaurant.  Still, Fast fresh chinese food is hard to find in LV and China Gourmet won't disappoint.
3 Still no Brown Rice here. Have called twice hoping they have added it to the menu. Got a tip from a helpful Yelper with good intentions, saying "They have brown rice" so we decided to give it a shot, only to find out that they don't have brown rice. Fried Rice could have been mistaken for brown rice, maybe?  Reasonably solid American Chinese (would be 5-stars in an overrated city like Nashville.) But, China One on Rainbow is still far and away my favorite. The similarities between the two restaurants are many, down to the styrofoam bowl of egg-drop soup (although China Gourmet's is way too thick). It is painfully obvious that they did a lot of homework before opening this place. Too bad being booksmart is only half the battle...  As we were leaving China Gourmet, I was walking by one of the other customer's plates of food, and I was surprised to see his General Tso's Chicken was an unnatural reddish-orange color. Food coloring in Chinese food is so 1980s! The last time I saw chicken that color was at a crappy neighborhood Chinese joint in Southwest Denver.  A good effort, but the overall effect is of a fake iPhone. This place so desperately wants to be China One, but it misses the mark by a mile! Suspect food coloring aside, Asian restaurants that care serve Brown Rice. (You can quote me on that.)
3 We recently tried this place thinking it's a nice sit in restaurant.  It was more of fast food type like Panda Express but with authentic Chinese food.  They had my husband's favorite Egg Foo Young.  Overall it was ok.  I will come back and try other items on the menu.  Saves us from driving all the way to Chinatown.
4 I came here on a Friday evening for a cheap Chinese fix! I ordered the Happy Family ($9.95). It had beef, chicken, shrimp, crisp veggies stir fried in brown sauce. I liked that the veggies were crispy and fresh. The meats were tender but the sauce was a little bland.  I ended up eating more of what my brother ordered Kung Pao Beef ($9.95). I loved this dish! The beef was tender and had just the right amount of spice!   The portions are big enough to share and you will still have leftovers for days! The won ton soup is also very good here! The service is very attentive and our drinks were always kept full!
5 I thought China Tango was good. This places blows them away with awesome courteous staff, fresh great tasting food and the best value in town.
5 My boyfriend and I were headed to Cafe Rio and decided we were going to finally give this place a try instead. I'm so glad we did! The service was absolutely amazing. We received all of our food very fast and it was really good! Plus you can't beat the 5.95 lunch special! Soup, wontons, a really large meal with your entree and rice and chow mein! And our server gave us free spring rolls, we don't even know why! I will definitely be returning and bringing people!
5 Great lunch specials!!!
5 The food is awesome! Ordered the dinner special and got Mongolian beef, sesame chicken, shrimp with hot garlic, cashew chicken and more! Left felling stuffed, happy, and very satisfied!
5 Best Chinese lunch spot hands down! Fast, fresh and super friendly spot to eat in Summerlin. $6 lunch special comes with egg drop soup, wontons, drink, entree, rice and noodles! So bomb!
4 Eggrolls are good not great, shrimp f/r is good, I think it was the hot oil beef that was really good, LM was good, Won Ton soup was good, friend chicken to spicy for me, fried chicken okay, the food here is good, some things are really good, it's a hit of miss, the sesame chicken was just okay, I mean it was good, but not the best I have had. They have good customer service and seem like good people. They didn't tell me about the coupons my 1st order tho. They have coupons that are like buy over 25$ get a free appetizer etc. I didn't try the dumplings, cause I like the home made kind, n the ones here look store bought. I like the beef dishes here mostly & veggie. The Walnut shrimp was awesome.
5 China Gourmet has some pretty good Chinese food. I've tried different spots all over town, and so far I've found my favorite. They carry all the basic Chinese dishes do there's never a surprise about what your getting. The cream cheese Ragoons are very tasty! Shrimp dishes are packed with nice, plump shrimp, and a lot of them too. BBQ pork fried rice for the win! Not sure why some take out places dont offer the BBQ Pork variety in their Family Dinners. China Gourmet does and Its the best here!
4 Food is great! Big portions too! Only thing that could make it better is if they turned on the A/C and turned down the music....
4 I recently moved to Sahara and Ft. Apache area so I decided to try this place out and I am happy I did. I had the chicken pad thai noodles and it had fresh spicy taste with plenty of food to have a little extra later. The pad thai was priced at $7.95 so definately worth it.
1 Everything served in or on styrofoam, tasteless, overpriced.  My refrigerator has a bad smell in it from the leftovers:-(
4 In the confounding flurry of Chinese fast food, dine-in and takeout that plagues most large cities, it's nice to find a few oases of fresh, great-tasting choices that don't come floating in their own custom sized pool of grease and whose visits don't require a commute worthy drive.  The number of good reviews attracted my eye to this tiny make-to-order restaurant almost hidden in a strip mall near our house in Summerlin.    I called in wor won ton soup, sesame chicken, string bean beef, moo goo gai pan and vegetable chow mein to a very friendly girl on the phone.  They had it ready to go in less than 10 minutes so it was waiting for me when I arrived.  The meats are tender without being chewy or fatty, the sauces are satisfying without over-the-top sodium and the chef's vegetable choices did not obsess on bell peppers nor large unwelcome chunks of yellow onion.    Every dish was great!  My taste favored the moo goo gai pan and the chow mein.  Wor won ton survived the challenge of serving piping hot broth that doesn't over cook the vegetables once poured in the to-go container but the broth was somehow lacking something.  Lots of left overs and enjoyment to be had by all.
5 Delcious! I absolutely love their cashew chicken and chow mein. My boyfriend is a big fan of the lemon chicken. The first time we ate there for takeout we came back the next day. The staff is very friendly too.
5 The food here is soo good!! I love the salt and pepper shrimp, and the boba is awesomee, the delivery is pretty fast and the prices are good too!
1 Will never come back here.. Food is tasty but they are overpriced. Just bought salt pepper pork and lemon chicken with free rice and they gave me lots of lettuce and small serving of what i ordered.
3 After a haircut at Fantastic Sam's, it was time to cut my hunger at China Gourmet. By the time I finished my meal, my opinion is that China Gourmet  shines at lunch specials but is outshined by New York Chinese Restaurant 1.3 miles south on Fort Apache Road.    China Gourmet stands near Carl Jr ( more $ than China Gourmet during lunch ) in an abandoned Smith's shopping center in the northeast corner of Fort Apache and Sahara. With that in mind there are acres of available parking spaces. When you get close to the restaurant, you will see a sign advertising that a beverage is included with the lunch special (a Yelp tip also advertised this). This might draw you closer to the restaurant. What I appreciate is that outside the restaurant the menu is posted. I could be indecisive to the degree that I don't want to be rushed making a choice. On this menu are the lunch specials ranging from $5.95 to $6.55. Just like the lion's share of Chinese restaurant specials the $6.55 items are shrimp-based.     If you decide you want to dine in China Gourmet, you will step inside a dining area that lacks fanciness. It is a similar interior to places including China Go Go and China One. In all honesty, some of the renovated Panda Expresses are fancier. A short distance past the tables, a friendly employee will direct you to sit at a table if your dining in. At the end of the meal you pay and on your judgment tip.    I ordered the peppersteak. The special included soup of the day-which is no surprise egg drop soup served in a Styrofoam bowl and crunchy noodles before the entree. I am tired of egg drop soup. I feel that Chinese restaurants should follow the example of N.Y. Chinese Restaurant by offering won ton soup with the meal. Fast forward a few minutes later, and I set eyes on peppersteak, chow mien noodles, and fried rice. Just like Bobby. Y addressed brown rice is nonexistent here. The peppersteak was good stuff. However, half the plate was taken up by the soft chow mien noodles. My tastebuds consider them a filler and a waste of calories. When I left, the employee filled up my Styrofoam cup of Pepsi and thanked me for my business.     China Gourmet is a good Chinese restaurant that outbeats several fast food places with a less expensive price than Panda Express during lunch. However, New York Chinese Restaurant 1.3 miles south on Fort Apache at Spring Mountain Road is a star-and-a-half better.
2 I wanted to use their coupon for a 'free entree' with orders over $40' so I asked to add a free honey walnut shrimp. When my order was $2 shy according to the lady on the phone taking my order, I added the fried wonton appetizer for an additional $4.95 bringing the total to $44.xx + $5 tip = an even $50. The delivery came at 9:17pm, but the honey walnut shrimp was not included. They close at 9:30pm. I tried calling, but of course no one answered. Time to find a new Chinese delivery restaurant.
3 Ordered delivery (the Dinner Special Dinner A), it arrived fast and piping hot. Not the best Chinese food but definitely worth the money. Really nice service as well.
5 Great food! We got the family meal w/orange chicken & a pork dish that the guy who took our order recommended, the one that comes w/little tortilla type things to wrap it in. They were great, as was the appetizer sampler. There was a ton of food. I ate the leftovers all week. I'll definitely order again when in the mood for Chinese.
3 The food was great, but the wait was long. Granted, it was a Friday night around 6 when I went in, but it was quite a while before my food was ready, and I had one entree and fried rice. There also wasn't any nearby parking available, so I had to park a little farther away. It's right next to Cafe Rio, so between that and being in the dinner time rush, there wasn't any close parking. I'm not opposed to walking, it's just hard to manage two small kids and a bag of Chinese food across the busy parking lot. But the food is excellent. There's also usually an ad in the weekly flyer with some coupons- there's one for 2 free crab Rangoon or wontons with the purchase of an entree.
4 Great neighborhood chinese restaurant,  and they deliver. Chicken wings & House special chicken are my favorites.
5 Best take out I've had in vegas so far after trying probably 15 different places. Szechuan chicken is my favorite and the prices are dirt cheap here. Hope it stays open cuz all the yuppies flock next door to cafe Rio without even a look to this place.
4 Very good war wonton soup, although they use ground chicken instead of pork in the wontons.  The wontons are very light and the broth isn't overly salty.  We also enjoy the shrimp lunch specials (shrimp chop suey or shrimp with snow peas) and my son is a fan of the sweet and sour chicken.    The egg drop soup is boring.  I have ordered takeout from the restaurant quite a few times and the employees never seem to remember me or have a clue about my order.  Oh well... I'm looking to have a relationship with the food and not the people. In any event, one of the better Chinese food options in Las Vegas.
4 This is a very clean and inviting restaurant. The service is great and phone ordering is simple.  The food is delicious and not bland like so many other Chinese restaurants in this area. I have ordered tasty chow fun, delicious Kung Pao chicken, the chicken pot stickers are my favorite and Eggplant with tofu.  A gem in our neighborhood.
5 The food is great! I couldn't decide what dish I liked best but the kung pow shrimp and the walnut shrimp are great! The service was good too! I'll be back.
1 I was really excited to try this place! I was grabbing myself some Cafe Rio after a long day and decided to pickup some food for my parents at China Gourmet.  I suppose the issue started when I was ordering the food. I told the girl taking my order that the first few dishes were vegetarian, no meat, fish or eggs and to please substitute tofu. I asked to make sure that they did not use fish sauce and she said 'no we don't use that.' So I proceeded with my order and after each vegetarian dish I stated, no meat, subsitute tofu please. The last dish I ordered was a chicken dish for my father (as he does eat meat).  I did not wait long for my food and the girl was nice enough to bring it out to my table.   My mom dished out the food and I checked to make sure she did not open the chicken dish (as she too is a vegetarian). I opened the tofu dish and it looked really strange so I took a bite of the food and of course it was meat, I was disgusted. I had bitten into a piece of pork, I had to wash my mouth out. The 'ma po tofu' dish was listed under pork and I specifically told the girl taking my order that I did not want meat.   I decided I would call to fix the issue, I knew it was a mistake and that there was obviously some sort of miscommunication. I call and speak to a girl (I was not sure if this was the same girl that took my order). I told her what happened and she told me that she took my order and that I never told her that I was a vegetarian. I then stated that I have been a vegetarian for over 10 years and I am fully aware of how to order vegetarian food. I tried to deescalate the situation because it seemed as though the girl was getting defensive and it was a simple mistake. I told her all that I wanted was a refund for the one dish and she said they would only give me credit.  I asked to speak with a manager (because I did not want credit, I wanted a refund for the dish that they did not execute properly. The manager stated that she overhead me order and that I did not state that I did not eat meat and I ordered a meat dish so they would not give me a refund and they would only give me store credit. At that point I became very frustrated. I have worked in customer service industry for over 9 years and I have been in food service for 5 years. If there is one thing I know, it is customer service and she was not treating me like a valued customer. I then told the 'manager' that I did in fact order a meat dish for my father and that I ordered 3 vegetarian dishes for my mother and I as eating meat is aganist our religion. I also told her that after every dish that was vegetarian that I would say 'no meat, substitue tofu.' She proceeded to tell me that it was my fault and we went back and forth. Then she hung up on me.  Maybe I should have checked the food before leaving the establishment. Regardless, I will never frequent this establishment again in the future. Possibly the WORST customer service experience I have had and a complete lack of respect for dietary/religious restrictions.
5 BEST CHINESE FOOD IN VEGAS! Lunch specials are under $6 and they are generous portions.   It is located on Sahara and Ft. Apache and they even deliver. I've gotten deliver to Tropicana & Hualapai and even Lake Mead & Rampart.   They always have coupons for free appetizers, $5 off and $10 off. Love this place!
4 I am not one to eat Chinese food very often, but my Mom was in town recently and she said she wanted Chinese. So, I looked to Yelp for locations near by. Chinese gourmet came up and we took the chance.  The food was really good! It came out fresh and hot in very generous proportions. The lunch specials are definitely the way to go if you can make your mind up on only having one dish.  When you walk inside at first it is a little confusing if it's a sit-down and order, or go to the counter and order sort of place, but They will cater to both sit-down and take-out.  Furthermore, prices are more than reasonable especially for the amount of food given and the location is easily accessible. -B
4 The food is very good.  Convenient location.  The immediate parking area is always full.  Won ton soup is wonderful.  Try the kung pow shrimp. The service is great, they are very friendly.  And yes they do deliver!  You can't beat the lunch specials!
5 Love this place!! Best Chinese I have found in Vegas! Great prices and friendly staff! Frequent this place often. Service is very quick. Never have to wait more then 10mins even when we've gone in with a large party.
5 i love their tenderized new york style mongolian beef! & shrimp & snowpeas, eggplant & fried tofu !!!! wonton soup!!!! chicken fried rice!!!! ragoon!!! so onolicious!!!! yummmy!!!
5 Excellent service, great prices, and delicious food!!   Their lunch special is so adorable and gives generous portions. Whether dining in or picking up, I highly recommend this location.   **Their crab rangoons are my favorite item, so good!
1 Horrible service. They messed up on my food and refuse to fix it. In addition to that non of them speak English well enough to resolve issues instead they just want to argue with you. I told the lady who took my order 5 times to make sure my chicken is well done. The chicken was not well done and I checked it in front if the delivery boy. Who does not speak a word of English. I will never waste my lunch time on these idiots again.
4 Crab rangoons were A+, top notch. Hot and sour soup was okay but a bit bland. Definitely could have been spicier.  I called in for pick-up though and even with me being a bit late getting there it was still piping hot so appreciate that.  I would go again
3 I'm very picky when it comes to Chinese food and I can say that the appetizer sampler was really good except I don't eat shrimp. I gave it a 3 star only because there was this creepy guy in there taking all kinds of pictures and before we got our food he had to take pictures of it. Ummm my food shouldn't be someone else's picture opportunity. He didn't even order his own food, no he wanted pictures of everyone else's. They should have told him no.
5 Thank you China Gourmet! I was hoping to find a good Chinese spot that is both delicious and affordable and this hits them both on the head. Reminds me of the Chinese spots I grew up on back east and is my new go to spot. We've been 3 times already in past few weeks and I don't see that stopping anytime soon as I love me some fried rice!  At this price point you often get flavorless Chinese food or Panda like quality but this is one of those rare spots that just does it right. Love the fried rice and the sesame chicken was delicious!  See you in a few days China Gourmet....
