5 LOT'S OF FUN!!!  If you're looking for a truly exceptional artistic experience, go to one of the Vino and Canvas events!
5 This is an outstanding event for friends, family or even a date night!  All of the supplies are provided, including an apron and the venues are great and provide tasty food and spirits.  The organization is very well done, if you have a group for one of the public events, you can email and they will set aside a table for you.    I am definitely looking forward to my next time.  It was a lot of fun as an amateur to create something that you can hang right in your home.
1 Not so fun and instead pretty stressful. The painting was way too detailed and complex for a 2 hour painting class. The lady running the class (not the artist- she was sweet) literally shut the lights off on us right at the time- 5 to 10 minutes to allow people to finish would not have killed her. They only gave us basic colored paints on one plate, so we spent much of our time trying to mix colors and trying not to have our colors run together. They also only gave us three crappy brushes to use. This was just far inferior to other painting classes I've been to like this. Spend a little extra and go elsewhere- it is worth the money to have more paints and unlimited use of brushes. Would not return...
4 Got this as a gift for my mother, through Groupon and we had the most amazing time!  The class was small, and intimate, so we were able to have a lot of one on one attention.  The other patrons were super friendly, and the wine was flowing, making everyone a little more relaxed and creative!  What a GREAT event!  We will most definitely be returning!!
5 Such a Fun Fun evening! I easily booked a class on line thru their website. It had been awhile since I painted so I was looking forward to the night. Event was held at a nice restaurant in north Scottsdale.  Everything was set up and ready when I arrived, you don't need to bring anything but yourself and be ready for some fun. Amy was the art instructor for the night and she made it so great, easy to follow and made it fun! Great place to meet new people because everyone was relaxing and having a good time. The time flew by and I have a painting to remember the evening. I will be going again! Thank you Melissa for such a great event!
