4 Let me start out by saying... FINALLY!!! There's a barre class on the northwest part of the valley! It's about d*mn time!!!   My first encounter with a barre fitness class was when I visited a friend in Portland, and she introducted me to The Bar Method. It's a very similar class, but not exactly the same. However, I truly underestimated the class. I took ballet lessons growing up, so I thought that a ballet barre fitness class would be cake, because I do just fine with cardio type fitness classes too. Boy, was I ever wrong! This type of fitness hits your core muscles without moving very much. There's alot of stretching. There are exercises on the bar and on the floor. It's as though ballet has been combined with both pilates and a tad bit of yoga.   Unlike The Bar Method class I took in Portland, the instructors here at Pure Barre Glendale seem to be friendlier. To some extent, I felt like that class I took in Portland pushed me beyond what I could do. Here instead of feeling the pressure to do every single exercise perfectly, the instructors here are very supportive. They guided my moves in the right direction and were very motivating. I didn't feel singled out like I did when I was taking that class in Portland. I can still remember the Bar method Portland instructors yelling in front of the class, "Jen you're not plie-ing enough. Fix & the turn those knees out." I was in ballet boot camp for crying out loud. It was cruelly hilarious! And don't get me wrong, I loved being pushed to the limit. I am just mainly pointing out what I noticed.   Pure Barre is fun! It involves using the ballet bar, yoga mats, cords, and small balance balls. (At least that's what they used when I tried the class for the first time this past Saturday). I hate doing the same routine over and over again, so I love when things constantly change. I love the feeling when I'm done with this class because my muscles still feel like they are shaking. Every exercise pushes you to the point where your muscles have so much tension that you start shaking and the movements are small. The day after is even more interesting when muscles you didn't know existed start exemplifying soreness. The instructors at this location, like I said earlier, guided me and might have helped move me into the right position and watched to make sure I was doing things right, but I was never yelled at. That's always a plus, right? The music is upbeat and energetic and the tempo matched the exercises as intended. The class was very smooth as well. Before I knew it, it was over! I will definitely return for more! I just wish the classes weren't so pricey... I need to make sure I'm on top of the deals they advertise sporadically. Fun always comes at a cost! ;)
4 I started going here the day it opened in January and I haven't stopped yet. The teachers here are very friendly and awesome. Each class will make you work harder than the class before utilizing different moves each time.  This helps reduce burnout because the choreography is constantly changing. If you're curious about checking the studio out, your first class is free and their packages are very reasonably priced.
5 Pure barre is by far the best full body workout. I recommend everyone to try it but you'll be hooked for life.  The instructors are all amazing. The owner gena is very personable & cares about teaching you to take care of yourself. Love pure barre
5 I have been coming here for 6 weeks and I love it! I wanted a change from the gym and found Pure Barre a welcome change. All the instructors are great. They take the time to make sure you are doing all the moves correctly and safely.  The great thing about Pure Barre is that it doesn't matter your age or your activity level because you will fit into every class.
