5 I went to the Thai Spa Saturday night and haven't have solutely incredible experience. The staff was so friendly and so knowledgeable and there was 1 of the best massage I've had last 5 years I feel loose I feel refreshed and I'm now officially a regular. Great staff great experience I'll see them again in 2 weeks
5 Greatest massage I've ever had, they definitely earn the Money!
5 Found this spa on Yelp. Liked what I read about this place and gave them a try. Short story is this place a legit Thai Massage shop with a great staff of very professional and friendly therapists. Jasmine is my therapist and I could not ask for better. I get the 90 min. Thai/combo massage. It is really great. The other staff members laugh at me after the session because of all the screams I let out during the massage. Jasmine knows what I can take and she really knows what I need to feel better. I'm going to be a repeat client from now on.
5 What an amazing experience!! Anna has magic in her hands, feet and elbows too. :) I recommend this to everyone who comes to Vegas or lives in Vegas. The Combo massage of Thai stretching, essential oils, and hot stones is wondrous.
5 As a regular at The Thai Spa I decided to get a 90 minute 4 hand massage with therapists Dee and Ohn, as I wanted to experience something a little different this time. I can say with out a doubt that was the absolute best massage I have ever had in my life. The care and precision they had to work out all those knots in my legs and back is unmatched.  I'm officially addicted to their 4 hand and it will be what I get moving forward. Very clean, very funny, very nice, very professional.. Dee and Ohn are the Best!!!! I won't go anywhere else in Las Vegas. . I'm spoiled now...
5 This is the best massage place I've found in Las Vegas.  Their Thai Massages are even better than what I had in Thailand.  They have true professionals that know their craft well.    The facility is impeccably clean, inviting and relaxing.  I took my girlfriend the first time and we had a simultaneous massage in the couples room.    I've been back five times and have always had an outstanding massage and great experience.  I typically book at the last minute, but it's usually better to have an advanced reservation.     Anna has been my favorite masseuse, but everyone there has years of experience.  This is definitely NOT a "happy ending" massage place (like so many others in Vegas).  You will be happy if you're looking for an authentic Thai massage though.
5 I yelped for a massage. Yelp got it right! I got a massage from Jan. She was amazing! I had a real problem shoulder issue and she worked it out. I got a 90 min. it cost $100. Plus tip. It was worth it.I can't afford this pampering every week or once a month but ,when I can afford it I will go back to see Jan for a repeat of the best massage ever.
5 I have longed for a good Thai massage in Las Vegas, and I tried this place based upon the reviews in Yelp and the location being near my home. I called just after they opened and they were quick to accommodate me and I went over right away. I was quickly placed into the room to undress. The room was clean, and comfortable. I received Ja as my masseuse, she has 3 years experience and was very good. If you've never had Thai massage, it is a combination of pressure on certain points of the body, some stretching, and of course massage. I had a lot of tension in my shoulders and lower back. Ja walked on me for the first part of the massage, then used her hands to work out the tension in my shoulders. Hot stones were added toward the end, then some more stretches. I'm definitely a little sore the day after!  Very professional massage, clean, comfortable, and well priced. I had an hour massage (that went 10 minutes over due to my condition). $65 plus tip. I will be back as this is the best massage place I've found in Vegas and I have tried several.
5 I LOVE this place!!!!!! The massages are better than any massage I've ever had a resort or casino. Ask for a lady named "Bang Oyn" she's awesome. I went in barely walking with some major sciatic issues, after an 80 minute massage I was perfect again.
5 I had a wonderful massage experience with Anna. I had the Thai combination which incorporated stretching and hot stones. This would be a great choice for athletes because of the stretching; it was akin to physical therapy in a way. Highly recommend! Reasonably priced too.
5 Miss Orn was awesome. First Thai experience and I loved it. Rough but just the right amount. Place was clean and smelled good. Very professional. I will be back along with my friends but probably not at the same time cuz that would be weird. Thank you very much Thai Massage!!
5 I went again to my favorite massage spa in Las Vegas and had  a 1 hour 4 hand massage with On and Cha Cha. All I will say is they are the most incredible service providers.  My shoulder back hamstring and right knee were out of wack. The combo used several modalities to work every knot out.  I can't praise them Enough!!!! The are the best!!!!!
5 I got off of work and my back was killing me. I needed a massage ASAP and none of the chain spas could fit me in. I found this place on Yelp and it's AMAZING! It was the best massage I've ever had. I'm feeling  much better now.
5 Get ready for an incredible Thai massage!  If you've had it before you will not be disappointed by this concise and well appointed establishment. Ja Ja was my masseuse and put me in poses I've never done before. Warning:  know what Thai massage is before you sign up!  (They walk on your back!) great rate on a #1 class massage just one bus away from the strip (sx).
5 When I am in Las Vegas I always go to this spa and make an appointment with Jasmine. I have had Thai massages  all over the country and Jasmine is the best!!  I strongly recommend 90 minutes because one hour just goes by too fast.  This is a legitimate massage studio and you will not be disappointed.
5 Best Thai massage I ever had and I've been to Thailand several times. The woman I would recommend is Arn, she is an amazing healer and works hard to fix what ails you. I went back 3 times in 5 days, price is reasonable for what you get.
1 My husband & I went here for the 1st (& last) time...the massage itself was ok, nothing spectacular & not horrible...the atmosphere is not that great though...the entire time we were getting massaged our therapist were talking to each other and people on the other side of the door...you can also hear every time someone enters the establishment by the door bell and you can hear everyone talking in the lobby, not very relaxing...the worst part is they over charged my credit card $5...not a big amount but not honest business practices...we will not return.
4 The name is misleading because it is not a spa however ANNA is magical.  I went in with ankle, knee pain and she massaged it right out with Thai Massage, stretching it out, and opening my hip joints.  The room was clean and comfortable, no loud conversation, but I did go during the week when it is less busy.  I went with cash based on other reviews.  Definitely when I come back to Vegas, I will visit this place again!! Felt totally relaxed, and improved when I left the Thai Massage Parlor.  Highly recommend ANNA.
5 10 stars amazing variety the best massage in the world !!!  i finally found the BEST massage in Lasvegas. i am a licensed sports deep tissue therapist for 4 years so i know what is the best massage when i receive one!  Thai therapist, her name is Oin  25 years of experienced traditional thai massage  lady since thailand. I am in love with all her techniques & she walks on your toes,legs, thigh, glutes, sacrum, QL lowback,erectors, rhomboid, trap, arms & hands in great rhythm. Lots of amazing thai stretches & deep strokes i never got before. Therapist there is soOOOOOOO sweet & knows how to conquer the whole body muscle & loose them all !! This massage is better than Massage envy, massage pro, casino hotel spa, better than imperial spa....speechles 500% satisfaction guranteed !!!  i did. I found weekly therapist to get muscle therapy now after all day massaging deep tissue clients !!!  She charge $65 for 1 hour but it was worth $100 , she is the real pro !!! others need more training like them...i learned so much from her!!! Thankyou!!! Oin !!!
5 I took my wife there after supper on date night. They got us, as walk ins,  right in. We had a couple's massage.  We both had injury concerns we didn't want them to mess with and they listened and accommodated us. They were very professional. We left very relaxed.  They used multiple modalities as well. We'll definitely go back again and recommend to anybody wanting a great massage.
