5 So I should begin this post by saying that I LOVE Bagels! I saw this place & the connected sandwich shop next door to it open recently. I recognized the name of the sandwich shop, Capriotti's, because there is one up in north Scottsdale. I've never eaten there, but have driven by it numerous times. This was my first clue that the new bagel shop was probably locally owned & operated. I always prefer to spend my money at those types of places when possible. When you pull up you notice there is very little parking in the front.There is however ample parking behind the building. If you are familiar with his area, you know parking is a bit limited everywhere. I walked in the front door and was hit by a soft sweet aroma. There were large coffee carafes filled with "Peet's Coffee & Tea" neatly lined up along the wall. The place was well lit, organized, and seemed very clean. I walked up to the counter and was greeted by a friendly man. As expected, there was a large selection of bagels to choose from at the counter. I couldn't pick just one so I decided to go with half a dozen. They had some unique bagels on their menu such as tropical & sourdough. The man kindly offered me an extra container of cream cheese & I decided to try the light veggie one. I brought the bagels home and cut into an asiago one. I notice right away that the bagels were big & thick! They looked homemade & not like the usual generic, mass produced ones you get from Buerger's or Einstein Bros. The inside was so moist. It was almost doughy, but not underdone by any means. Impressive! I lightly toasted it and put the light plain cream cheese on it. The cream cheese was delicious. It doesn't taste like it's the light version either. If the light version is this good I wonder how good the regular cream cheese is?!? Out of curiosity I try a taste of the veggie cream cheese on its own. It's also delicious! Again, you can tell this was homemade and not made in bulk somewhere & sent out. A good balance of flavors! This is my new favorite bagel shop. I cannot wait to try the rest of the bagels I bought. Next time I want to try some of their coffee & or bagel breakfast sandwichs. There will definitely be a next time. This is such a great addition to the CenPho neighborhood!
5 I think I arrived opening day.  They were still getting their bearings.  But all I had to do was bite into the bagel breakfast sandwich to forgive all indiscretions.  I had the one with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and pesto.  Very original and extremely tasty!  Staff was friendly and love that its a unique local place.  Very small space other than the seating outside.  Give it a try and bring your friends!  These types of great places need our support to keep our neighborhood special.  Another great thing about this place is that they took a sad old building, refurbished it and made it look great.  Gentrifying the neighborhood instead of building new (like a certain Z'Tejas is doing) is much more helpful at retaining the charm of the area.
5 I'm convinced that Everything Bagels officially has the best bagels and coffee (Peets) in the city! Welcome to the neighborhood! We will be back! Alot!
3 Overall a really nice little place. Great decor, and fresh squeezed OJ. I got a breakfast sandwich with pesto, mushroom and swiss cheese. The only reason it gets 3 stars instead of 4 is the eggs. I like an egg cracked and cooked on a grill, not poured from a carton. I will be back though, it was yummy!
4 Good decor, love the location. Being jewish, I love a good bagel and shmear ;) I was bummed they were out of everything bagels when I arrived at 11 am on a Saturday, only to have fresh ones made right after I got my order! Darn! Decent prices, and will be back!
2 I have visited Everything Bagels from the first week they opened.  I've been there about 4 times, and I'm ready to give up.  They always fall a little short.  They are not particularly friendly, they charge a lot more for some of the bagels (cinnamon, for example) with little notice, and they run out of items early (no worries, if you wait 15 minutes they will produce them for you).  I think it's adequate, if you have no other choices, but not the superior experience I was hoping for from a small operation.
5 Super friendly, chatty (if you want them to be) people.  The bagels were made-that-day-fresh and the spicy cream cheese was great.
5 Best bagels we have had in a long time. Ours were fresh baked straight out of the oven right when we walked in.
4 I went hiking at Squaw Peak over the weekend, and naturally it worked up an appetite for me. I like the central Phoenix area surrounding the mountain because it seems that there is an abundance of independent stores for me to try. Well, here was my first taste! (Sorry, bad pun)  The store itself is tiny, but clean and simple décor. It's openly attached to the Capriotti's next door, which indirectly provides more space. Most of the seating is outside where they have a handful of tables under a covered patio. The weather was too gorgeous for me to pass up that opportunity, so once I had my food I grabbed a seat and enjoyed the morning.  **There are only 3-4 parking spots available in the front, but if you go around the right/south side of the building there is parking in the back.  I had a simple request: a toasted chocolate chip bagel with reduced fat shmear. It was perfectly toasty, crunchy and flavorful, accented well by the shmear. The bagel was pretty large, so I felt that I got what I was paying for. I felt bad because when I went to pay, I realized I only had a credit a card and no cash...I felt silly paying for such a small purchase with plastic, but the cashier was totally cool about it, he just smiled and told me it happens a lot. It helped to ease my mind :)  I don't live in the area, so the only reason I'm not sure I'll return is because I don't know when I will be close again, but the experience I had Saturday was very pleasant and should I get the opportunity again, I'll stop for another bagel!
1 It's no surprise that the businesses around this place have lines & full parking lots, and this place has the buzz of zero interest.  I woke up with a craving for a fresh bagel this morning, and decided to walk over to Everything Bagels.   I walked in at 7:20 to a place with no sign of life. The display case was nearly empty, and there were very few bagels in baskets. I thought maybe they were closed. I was about to leave when an older man stepped out of the back. I asked if they were open, to which he gruffly responded, "yes, the door was open, wasn't it"? I was taken off guard by his rudeness, and apologized, and simply told him that it didn't seem like they were open yet. He said, "you're fine", as if I was the rude dumb-ass. He proceeded to lecture me on the fact that he was the only one there, and that he had many things he had to do all by himself. Here's some free advice dude --- it takes 2 seconds to make a card that says, "In back. I'll be with you in a moment".   At this point, all I want to do is order something, and get the hell out of there. THEN, he asks me if I want a drink. I ask him how the iced coffee is served, to which he patronizingly says, "well, I give you a cup of ice, and you can poor the medium or dark roast over it". When I decline, he says, "do you mind telling me why you dont' like coffee over ice"?.  More free advice - - It's stinking hot here, and you have to be totally clueless not to offer your customers a descent iced coffee during a Phoenix summer.  Since he asked me why I don't like they way they serve it, I tell him that I don't like pouring hot coffee over ice because it just melts the ice cubes, and makes the drink watery. ---- DUH!  I then muster all the politeness I have to ask him if he has every had toddy coffee. I mention that it's smooth, delicious & easy to make.  He goes on this diatribe about all the water that is required to make a toddy coffee taste good. I make toddy coffee at home all the time, and he clearly didn't know what the heck he was talking about. It takes time, but not a huge amount of water. HUGE SURPRISE --- When I asked him if he had ever had toddy coffee, he said he had not. The take-away from this is that hot coffee over ice is bad. However you get your hands on cold brew is up to you, but a cold brew over ice is a key component to iced coffee.   Summary: Customer service is key. If you don't have it, then you don't have my business.
3 We live across the 51 from 16st & Bethany Home road which has undergone a revitalization in the last several years that has added a lot to the neighborhood. When we saw this place open a couple of weeks ago, we were excited to see a bagel shop other than the usual caned corporate choices.    the bagels were unbelievably good and the place was clean, but open for a couple of weeks doesn't allow much time to dirty a place up plus the square footage is no bigger than a Dutch Brothers. the pricing was a surprise as well. I was expecting to pay a boutique price on the bagels but they were in line with the chains.   The only thing that bothered me was the friendliness of the staff.  The guy behind the counter seemed a little too disinterested. I don't expect the guy to break into song but the place just opened and a little hospitality might go a long way in getting people to come back.
3 It should go without saying, but their everything bagels are the best thing here! In my opinion. My wife loves the lox and cream cheese, and some chocolate coffee thing as well. I am plan black coffee, butter or plain cream cheese on my bagel type. But seriously, it's the everything bagels that keep us coming back, not sure what it is about them that are so different from other bagel shops.
5 Great service, bagels are awesome. Perfect!
5 I was in need of a delicious meal to help me recover from Oktoberfest @tempe town lake.  A bagel sandwich seemed ideal so I searched yelp for everything bagels (cause I love everything bagels) and found this place.  Enthused and hazy from many beers the prior evening around noon I got the courage to leave my bed and make the journey to everything bagels.  I got their lox bagel sandwich on pumpernickel bread (The New Yorker) and iced americano and fresh squeezed orange juice.  Everything was great the lox was perfect the bagel was like a bagel should be not like that Einstein's BS, New York style FANTASTIC. The coffee was also good in fact I was going to give 4 stars but that rude woman who gave them 1 star because they don't have a cold brewed coffee is crazy, yes cold brewed coffee is delicious but coffee over ice is not terrible it was fine.  So to help boost their star rating they deserve I give 5 stars.  I will def be back again to try the other egg breakfast sandwiches, one more thing I got a Hawaiian bagel to go cause it sounded intriguing and it didn't let down it was like a kings Hawaiian roll in delicious bagel form!!!
5 Great non-chain place to grab a bagel. Great ice tea choices also. Bagels were better than the national chain stuff.
3 I went on a Saturday morning for a bagel sandwich and some coffee. Overall there were a wide variety of bagel flavors and I tried an everything bagel as well as a sundried tomato one. The bagels were average, the crust was not very thick and the interior was very dense, not chewy or soft, and more importantly the dough's taste was bland. In essence, just an average bagel no different than one at Einstein's or another chain. Still pretty good for a quick bite on the go, but a bit disappointing if you're expecting a departure from the typical.   The regular drip coffee was great though, PEETS!
2 Ok so as a true NYer, I have to give my honest opinion here.  I have been here a few times and keep giving them more chances, but I've decided its not really worth it.   The store opens at 6am.  I arrive at 638 am today and the only bagels that are made are plain and sesame.  They have about 20 different bagel options listed on the baskets and on the menu on the wall - but there are only 2 options at 638 in the morning.  I specifically ask for a SOFT bagel as my bagel last week was hard.  He squeezes one, throws it back in the basket and takes another.  So obviously too hard for me - but good enough for someone else?  Bagels are bland, cream cheese is bland, staff is bland, bad lighting in the store, nothing super interesting here.  Why would I even give them 2 stars?  Because its still better than Einsteins or Bruggers!
5 Hands down best bagels in Phoenix. I am a true bagel snob (from NJ) and this is as close as it gets to authentic NYC bagels. They don't have pork roll though!   Bialys and bagels are continuously cooked throughout the morning and always so good.  Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside like it should be.   I called ahead today to make sure they had what I wanted- I have gone in previously in hopes of picking up a few bialys and they were sold out or didn't make them that day. The staff said if I called in 30 min before that I could order anything I wanted with any topping and it would be done. True to their word today!!   The staff is extremely nice and on the ball always!  Einsteins and Brueggers can't compare!
2 Long line, slow service. Coffee was cold - not fresh. Like many other reviewers... I am  from NY, the bagel was just okay. I won't be back.
5 I finally got to try this place and wow, SO GOOD.   The hours are a bit unconventional but I was able to catch them while they were open.   I got the pesto florentine on a spinach and cheese bagel. Delicious. Comes with egg, spinach, mushrooms and pesto. Everything was super fresh.  I'm going to try a new bagel every time I come back to this place. I'm sure I won't be disappointed.
2 Customer Service 101: Greet your customers. Preferably when they walk in the door. Don't toss receipts and cards on the counter, especially when their hands are extended to receive said items. Don't shove the bagel across the counter towards them, especially if their hands are reaching out. Thank your customers for visiting. Don't dismissively walk away without a word.  Change this and you'll get a return customer. Not someone who tells friends and neighbors that "the bagels are okay, but they've horrible customer service."
2 Not quite sure how this place has four stars, but I know it isn't for their customer service or selection of bagels.  Been there 3 times and never greeted with a "hello" but rather, "what do you want"?  Also, I have never seen more than 4 or 5 varieties of bagels.  Here is a novel idea as well....try not to get onions in your blueberry bagels....it kinda ruins it.  Good coffee though....so you get two stars.
1 Only giving it one star because wasn't  happy with the way they made my breakfast burrito wasn't worth the money they were charging. I got a egg and cheese burrito which I get all the time depending on what place I go. They cooked my eggs in the microwave which I did not like at all but I didn't say anything  because it didn't look like they would do it any other way. Also wasn't  rolled up to its best to keep the eggs from falling out. But I would go back there to try there bagels. looks like that's what they're known for I just wouldn't ever get the breakfast burrito there ever again.
