4 Great place, nice updates so it doesn't look like Ale Asylum redux. Good beer--loved the smoked porter. Bradley Cooper lookalike bartender who also paints. Nice addition to the Madison microbrew scene!
5 WOW. My new favorite Madison brewery. Exceptional service, decor, and especially beer! They had six unique, distinct, and well-balanced beers on tap. Even my wife who is not a beer drinker could not help but rave about how amazing her beer tasted. As if this place couldn't get any better, they even serve food from the Underground Food Collective. The bottom line is that if you are a a beer novice or beer lover, you will appreciate what this new brewery adds to a relaxing evening or fun night out in the Madison area. I know I did!
3 The former Ale Asylum space takes on an Industrial feel with the dark blue, grey & green walls of Karben4. Large paintings add a splash of color but besides that the decor is minimal. I can't tell if that's the look they're going for or if the decorating in this new spot isn't quite done yet.  I'll keep my fingers crossed they're simply not done, because I feel like it still needs a dash more character and a touch of warmth. We all know I'm a sucker for both.    The beer selection is diverse and delicious ($5-6/pint) and flights are available for those who are indecisive.  The food menu is limited (translation: not a place you should necessarily expect a giant dinner, but certainly offers good drink accompaniments); everything I've had has been good.  The just-baked pretzels ($4) were piping hot although the mustard dip was heavy on the horseradish -- some people loved it but it  was a bit too spiiiicy for me.  (Admittedly, I'm a wimp.)  The deviled eggs ($5) were a nice treat and went over well, eight halves offering four different fillings ranging from traditional to cowboy to pulled pork.  My favorite was the grilled cheese ($6) which was a smaller sandwich (don't expect a ginormous dinner) but just the size I needed and enjoyable with crispy bread, grilled onions and a sweet tomato spread.   The pool table is gone but board games are in.  The new layout offers more open space and multiple cut-outs to allow you to peek into the brewery zone in the back and check out the process.  There is a modest after-work crowd, but plenty of room to bring a large group with many high-top tables to mill around.   It appears there will be a patio area in the summer so that will certainly be nice.    BOTTOM LINE:  Beer is delish, food is a-ok in my book, service was juuuust fine, I'd simply like to see the industrial/minimalist decor get kicked up a notch with a bit more warmth and charm!
4 I've been here a couple times and haven't had a beer I didn't like.  The smoked porter was great - the smokiness was subtle unlike many smoked beers.  Today I had their ESB and a black IPA ( I forget the beer names.  The ESB was great, easy drinking with a bit of hops.  The black IPA was one of the best I've had.  They do great work.
4 The old Ale Asylum space is definitely being put to good use. With Underground Food Collective food and snacks, I have absolutely nothing to complain about.   Their beers are solid. Some are better than others. I really liked the SamuRyePA and the Silk Scorpion. The Nightrain smoked porter is popular, but not my thing. My husband got the red, which was not red at all.   We got pretzels and deviled eggs, which were delicious. My dining companions got the open-faced pulled pork sandwich, and wholeheartedly approved. I wanted to try the grilled cheese, which sounded amazing, but I wasn't hungry enough to justify it. Next time!  All in all, Karben4 is doing very well and I think has great potential. I would like to see more variety and more refined beers (I can haz DIPA plz?) but they are off to a great start!
5 I went to Karben 4 after hearing about it from a friend. My interest in craft beer, prior to my visit, was almost nonexistent. A couple friends and I sat down at a table surrounded by beautiful paintings suspended from the ceiling. We sampled all varieties, including the spectacular Nightcall smoked porter and Silk Scorpion Black IPA. Having never tasted a porter, I wasn't sure what to expect but was surprised by its flavor and pleasant aroma. Additionally, my friends and I tried a few menu items including a summer sausage sandwich and the homemade pretzel. Both were excellent. I recommend Karben 4 to all beer drinkers, period. One more thing, the music played in the taproom was excellent. It wasn't too loud, and I was still able to hold conversations without shouting at the top of my lungs. I'll be back.
5 The quality of the beer at Karben4 is obviously going to be subjective. We tried three different beers and liked two of them. They're all $5 a pint. The food, on the other hand, is by Underground Food Coop, and it's amazing. I've been mourning the loss of Underground Kitchen since the fire (Forequarter is good, but it's a different genre than Kitchen was), and the small menu at Karben4 is the closest I've seen to the "late night" snacking that existed at Kitchen.   The deviled eggs and summer sausage sandwich were both great, but the pulled pork sandwich was ridiculous. Comparable to famous BBQ places in the South, even. It's a solid 1/2 pound sandwich, so you'll probably need to pass out for a couple hours after eating one, but it's worth it. We'll be going back for sure even though it's out of the way from downtown.
4 Saturday, 2pm, we were shopped out and looking for a beer and a snack. Already being fans of Ale Asylum, we thought it was time we tried Karben4. What a great decision that was. The old man and I ordered the flight of six and the Super Board. We've been to the Underground Butcher and had some idea what to expect with the "snacks" on the Super Board. Three of the six beers stood out right away, the Silk Scorpion was smooth as Guinness, the Irish Red brought memories of a good home brew and the SamuRye has powers to pull me out of my Hopalicous addiction. The board of absolutely Delicious treats created by Underground Food is the perfect pairing for the flight of six. Staff at Karben4 is welcoming and knowledgeable. Becky is a huge asset to the team. It was clear that she knew all the beers and easily described in detail the choices on the menu.  The only negative would be the acoustics-it became deafening when a large group came in. We will be back, for food and a refill of our growler.
4 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes.   Yes.  I tried the Silk Scorpion (which is a good beer, just not the sort of flavor profile I was looking for at that moment of time), the Block Party, and the Undercover. I wish I had ordered the Undercover as my first beer because I'd have stuck with that. The Block Party was good, but the undercover was just that much better. They are doing something right out there in the middle of nowhere/east side. I hope they start distributing more around the area, as I don't like to have to haul myself many miles across town for a tasty beer.   The interior gives the feel of a warehouse with high ceilings; there is some interesting art on the walls too. Some of the walls are still which gives it an odd industrial feel but I am sure with time they will find something to fill the vast space with. Friendly bartenders. Very clean. I will be back.
5 On our recent trip to Madison, Karben4 was definitely my favorite brewery stop. The food menu is kind of short, but what we ordered was very good. We started out with the beer sampler, and thre weren't any that we didn't care for. After our sampler, we each ordered a pint. The service was also good - we were here for lunch on a Saturday and were able to chat a little with both the brewmaster and the bartender (who, like  my husband, was a homebrewer to they had a lot to chat about) If we lived in the area, we would definitely be regular visitors here!
4 By moving into the place formerly occupied by Ale Asylum, Karben4 had rather big shoes to fill.  I think they did pretty well.  Last weekend, I did a fun little "bike and brew" tour in Madison that ended with a pair of flat tires and an awful 4 mile walk back to my apartment. Our first stop was Karben 4.  Gone are the big pool table and comfy couches, and it's been replaced by sweet art up on the walls (which is apparently for sale!) and a super-chic overall bar style.  Tried a few beers and ordered a pretzel.  The beer was excellent--really. The Fantasy IPA (or something like that) had a great hop character, balanced well, went down beautifully. The barleywine, which one of my friends got, was outstanding--far lower ABV than I'm used to, but quality was excellent.  Pretzel was alright--it came in a fancy shape and half was soft and the other half hard. Personally, I prefer all soft pretzel when ordering so it was a little disappointing. Delicious mustard.  Our bartender was awesome...and she gave us the highlight of the day: a beer milkshake. No, it's not on the menu, and no, you won't be able to get it if you go in, but it was ice cream blended with the smoked porter...which was on nitro. I'm usually anti-nitro, but it worked really well for the smoked beer.  Karben4 was great. I'll be back...on a bike...soon.
5 Um yeah....I DREAM about this place! Love the beer, especially the Lady Luck.  The food is amazing! The grilled cheese sandwich and the summer sausage sandwich are out of this world. Most of the food is local, with meats coming from Underground Butcher. The staff is super friendly and I love the outdoor patio.
4 I really liked Karben4. It's like they did an evaluation of Simon's beer tastes and decided that it was time. A line of beers based on English malt? Don't mind if I do. We definitely left with a growler of the Undercover.  The space is pretty cool. We went on a Sunday and had brunch while watching the Packers on a couple of large televisions that still manage to fit into the space in a pretty natural way. It's definitely the kind of place that has those TVs so you can watch the Packers or Badgers play, but don't expect to see them on and running 24/7. This spot is about interacting with your fellow patrons and coming together over an excellent pint.  The brunch food was simple and good - nothing to wow you. But let's be honest, I didn't drive all the way over to Stoughton (sp?) Road for the breakfast sandwich. They have a small kitchen in a spot that is about the beer and from the two meals I saw I think they have done a nice job coming up with a menu that allows them to provide enjoyable food to go along with their enjoyable beer.  So last point - can you please transplant yourself downtown? Pretty please? I'll be back, I'd just be back more if you were within a few blocks of the Capitol!
4 Wow does this newish brewery have some major potential! I tried their oak-aged Oktoberfest, which is an oak lover's dream. I also had a few sips of their red ale on nitro and was blown away - sweet, malty, traditional Irish red goodness.  They also have great (though limited) food. The summer sausage reuben on pretzel bun was fantastic, especially with the kraut made with their red ale (and I don't even like kraut). Add friendly service and a chill atmosphere, and you have a winner. I can't wait to come back and explore their offerings further.
2 Three words:  Dreary.  Bleak.  Pretentious.  I really don't understand what the hype is about.  I felt like I was sitting inside a warehouse, the atmosphere is austere and unwelcoming...and it didn't help that the complimentary popcorn was burned. I couldn't get out of there fast enough.
4 We went  to Karben4 over the weekend.  The female bartender was very attentive and easy to like.  The complimentary popcorn was good.  The beer was likable but not out of this world.  I will say, the food we ordered was the best part.  The portions were just right for being a brewery/bar and the sandwiches were extremely tasty.  The biggest down side is the decor, very cold and uninviting.  The walls give off a dark vibe but the lighting seems bright - sterile.  We won't be making this our "go to" bar but we'll probably go back for a sandwich and beer.
4 Like the fantasy IPA and black IPA a lot. Very solid. Beers rule over everything else. I am leaving smelling of a curry form as there is little air movement there and the music reminded me of Ron burgundy rocking the jazz flute. Props to having cards against humanity on the table we were at. Great game.
4 Madison, as much as it pains this Milwaukee boy to admit it, you are Wisconsin's new Brew City. You guys are absolutely crushing it on the craft beer tip.  After an emphatic recommendation from an eavesdropping ass chef at a local eatery, my girlfriend and I wandered into Karben4 on Valentines Day. They happened to be doing a special release of their session ale called Undercover that was aged in Chardonnay Barrels. It was solid, but in addition to having a US passport I'm also a citizen of Flavor Country, I needed more. Enter their IPA. Fantasy Factory might well be my new favorite Wisconsin beer. Absolutely wonderful. My girlfriend went with the black IPA called Silk Scorpion. It was also really good. Beyond the beer, Karben4's taproom is a really good hang. Cool art on the walls, TVs around for the viewing of athletic endeavors and what looked like a really solid sandwich menu. Can't wait to return for more awesome local beer and related shenanigans.
5 Stopped-by for a drink after dinner at Forequarter on 2/22/14.  + Plenty of seating at the bar or at tables that surround the bar + Couches in corner - nice touch + Friendly and prompt service from bartenders + Complimentary popcorn that wasn't overly salty - yay! + I love Karben4 beer - they can do no wrong by my book, so this review didn't stand a chance of being anything less than 5-stars - I'm biased; my review is not. ;-)  I can't wait to come back for a tour and to sample some of the grub. A tad noisy inside, but it's a big open space with lots of hard surfaces, so it's to be expected.
2 Came in here on Sunday around 3 pm for their brunch which is served until 4pm. However, we were told they are not serving brunch. WOW, what a disappointment considering they are advertising it.. Oh well.. Ordered 2 flights-decent beers,  summer sausage sandwich and muffaletta sandwiches-nothing to write home about.. Overall it was just ok, nothing less nothing more..
4 We tried the brunch last Sunday. It was fabulous. I had the "Tiny Tim" (which is anything but tiny!), my boyfriend had the pork sandwich (and alot of my Tiny Tim). The Tiny Tim provides a variety of breakfast items, including french toast, bacon, ham, egg, toast, spinach salad and pork sandwich. The prices were very reasonable. We also had a coffee stout and sample of their version of a mimosa. Both were delicious.   The only downside of this brunch is the very late start  -- they don't start serving until 11 a.m. (Thankfully because of the time change, I didn't wake up until 10:30 a.m....) I hope they will consider opening earlier! We'll definitely be back.
5 Beer is amazing but the food is pretty awesome too. Their deviled egg sampler is a must. Their salad is fresh and their sandwiches are creative and tasty.  I'm a big fan and try to get here whenever I'm in Madison.
4 Beer is solid, food offerings the night our group was there were a little off. Not as tasty as others have told me about. I'm all for going back and trying more of the menu offerings, especially when there's trivia. The space lends itself well to it, and Amy who hosted the night we were there ROCKED!
3 Bad food but Good beer and good staff. While a couple items on the menu are palatable, the majority of it is unfortunately awful and disappointing. Again, the beer is great and I enjoy most of them, but don't go there hungry or you'll be disappointed. Fix the food and I'd give you a 4
4 Solid selection of excellently Crafted beers.  My favs were the the red, coffee stout and RyePA.  Sausage tray, spinach salad and Port mushroom sandwich were very good.
5 Very good veer.
5 Great brews and good food. We sampled 7 beers and all were delicious. Food hit the spot. Will definitely be back!
5 The beer at this place is outstanding!  Also the bartender was really great, we had our 2.5 year old son with us (because we are classy like that). And she gave him popcorn and chatted with him which kind of made his day.
4 A+ for service at Karben4.  It was a March madness Saturday, and this was our first stop on a short circuit of Madison breweries.  At about 11:15am, we were their first customers through the door.  The bartender was incredibly friendly and it made a big difference to make us feel welcome in a bar that was just opening for the day.  Even though the place was empty for the first 15 minutes or so that we were there, she was in a good mood and happy to give us some information about the operation without being overbearing.    Every type of beer they served was solid.  The Deep Winter Stout, Fantasy Factory IPA and Nightcall Porter were all standouts on the flight we ordered.  The feel of the bar area is minimalist, modern, unpretentious, spacious and could double as a Tom Selleck shrine.  We never got around to asking about the artwork.  We also didn't order any food, but I was impressed enough with the place to make it a meal destination the next time I'm in town.  If you're in Madison and you want to check out the local brewing scene, Karben4 should be near the top of your list.
4 Met a friend there for a casual dinner and drinks on a weeknight a few weeks ago.  Service was great- our server was very knowledgeable about the beers and the menu and was very friendly and accommodating. The beer was really good (the SamuRyePA was the favorite, I think) and the food was also quite tasty.  My friend and I had the grilled cheese with apples and thought it was fantastic, although we both wished we'd specified that we wanted it on the pretzel roll. The menu says you have a choice of that or bread and the server didn't ask which we wanted, so we both ended up with bread by default.  Still really good, but would have been even better with the pretzel roll.   Husband had the Midwest Muffaleta and thought is was ok, but not great- although that is really just because it has tapenade and he hates olives (he got so excited by reading the part about polish sausage, ham, and white cheddar, that he didn't read the rest of the description!) . If you are a fan of olives, you will probably love this sandwich.   Overall, we enjoyed our visit.  Good food, decent prices, and unique (in a good way) beer.  We will definitely be back!
5 Sunday morning, 7/13/14. In the mood for some brunch and don't want to visit the old familiar haunts. A quick check shows that Karben4 serves brunch and the menu looks pretty tasty, so off I went.  + Plenty of available seating + Super helpful and friendly server; bartender was tops as well  + A mimosa made with Fantasy Factory IPA, blood orange juice, and orange juice? GENIUS. DELICIOUS. SO DANG GOOD. + Tap brews were outstanding (as usual) - this brewery is one of my all-time favorites; each beer is better than the next.  + Open-faced pulled pork breakfast sandwich: take a Stalzy's pretzel roll and lightly toast it. Add a hash of root vegetables that are incorporated with a slightly spicy seasoning. Drop a huge mass of delicious shredded pork on top and cover with a soft-cooked egg that's been blanketed with white cheddar. (excuse me - I'm going to need a minute alone with this thing)  + Side salad of baby spinach was perfectly dressed and delicious as well. But seriously - did you see how hot that sandwich was??  Server remained helpful and great the entire time. Prices were more than reasonable.   Go. Get the pork sandwich and a mimosa. Then get another mimosa (or seven). Yum.
