2 We lost a legend of deli's and it is replaced with a somewhat chain restaurant called So we MEAT again. The sandwich left much to be desired, the bread was mediocre and the thinly sliced piece of cheese on my sandwich brought a tear to my eye. The kabanosy sausage tasted over processed but a bit tasty with all the garlic inside, but the after taste was not pleasing. I may make the trek to the Stanley's on Bell road but was hoping this place was the birth of the rumored Stanley's that was supposed to branch into 7 new stores. I can't say that I would return to this shop as it was not terrific. There was mention of European goodies like stuffed cabbage and some other dishes during the holidays but is this not the holidays? Turkey day is 3 days away? If I do return here it won't be for a sandwich but maybe some cold cuts, smoked butt and during the holidays. The young lady behind the counter said that Stanley's shared their recipes with them but the menu states that these are passed down through generations of Shannon's deli with no mention of Stanley's. Maybe when they get the smokehouse in the back of the building going they will offer the 60+ unique cuts they promise.  *Update - I drove out to Stanley's on Bell Road, they advised me that So we meat again is not using their recipes or related to their establishment in any way. They also advised me that they are planning to reopen right across the street from their old location but did not quote a date.
4 The place is clean, samples are available at the counter and upon request.  They have a lunch menu, but I was only there to check out their meat.  I tried the spicy hungarian and that was delish! It was smokey and spicy.  I took some canadian bacon and som capicolla? Both very tasty.
5 Purchased an online deal and decided to finally use it since I had bee to the old place that was here a few times.  I purchased two pounds of bacon, some black forest ham, smoked all beef hotdogs, etc.  Everything I've tried thus far tastes excellent.  They are super friendly and the place is immensely clean.  Give them a try.
3 I am giving them a 3 STAR OK 2.5 STAR right now... I bought a GROUPON which was perfect for sampling the product. I had a POLISH and it was OK, it had no flavor, I was so disappointed that evening. Maybe I am still parcel to Stanley...I love Stanley the the sausage man, hehe.....   I do have more sausage to try from So We Meat Again, another Polish , Andouille Sausage and a Spicy Hungarian.. Lets not forget the bacon... I am hoping for a 4 STAR at least..  I almost forgot, we had a deli sandwich a pastrami.. 2 thumbs down... Being from back east.. I think they forgot the meat...was pretty ahhhhhhh....pastrami was tasty, what was there.  - Will we MEAT Again - That is the question.   I will be back with an update on Andouille Sausage and the Spicy Hungarian.
5 Dropped by this meaty establishment by pure accident. We had just finished hiking in Papago Park and took the scenic route down McDowell on the way home. What caught our eye was the sign mentioning the $5 sausage combo deal. After seeing the Hole-in-the-Rock, there was a hole-in-my-stomach that could only be filled with meat. The three of us mountain men traipsed into So We Meat Again, past their cool logo that reminds me of a turducken (except this would be a chicken stuffed in a pig stuffed in a cow). Whatever it was (chickhogcow?), we were hunting for cured meaty goodness!  The sausage combo is simple, choose either the House Polish, the Sweet Italian, or the Hot Italian sausage, get a bag of chips and a drink included. 5 bones! Shove it in yer belly... done! This quick meal hit the spot (although I wish the sausages were hotter temperaturewise). And now that the pangs of hunger were squelched, the real fun was inspecting their deli case and all of their beautiful offerings of charcuterie.  We asked for a sampler plate of their top five sellers, and they were happy to oblige.  We got to try the salamis that included soppressata, kulen, and capicola. They also included the Hungarian and the spicy Hungarian (which I can't seem to find on their sister website for Shannon's Deli Meats in Glendale - www.shannonsdelimeats.com), so I conclude that it might be a seasonal offering.  My favorite was the sopressata... clearly had that sour salami note and a pronounced black pepper bite. Delicious!  Not to leave empty-handed, we picked up a package of their garlic pepper jerky and some of their house-cured bacon (jalapeño and maple). The jerky was decent but the jalapeño bacon was phenomenal!  Thick-cut and meaty (not overly fatty) with just the right touch of jalapeño heat... This is bacon that tells all other bacon to sit down and shut-up!  We are saving the cured maple bacon for a special brunchy occasion, because it is bound to be the star of that meal.
5 Haven't eaten that day and I was in the mood for something different. Passed by this hole in the wall and ordered the 5 dollar special brat combo. Got the polish sausage And goddam it was delicious!! I'm telling all my co workers where we're going for lunch next time
4 Love the name, very punny! The shop has a small but dedicated selection of cured meats, such as salami, bacon, and sausages. They have a great lunch special- for around $5 you get a bratwurst sandwich, chips, and a soda. I tried some of the Italian sweet sausage sandwich. The sausage was flavorful, juicy, and had a nice "bite" to it from the sausage casing.   We went here with a Groupon and took home 1 pound of jalapeno bacon and 1 pound of maple bacon. The bacon is vacuum sealed and actually made by a different (Local) company. I've tried the maple bacon so far, and it's decent. The thick cut bacon is a little crumbly, so you have to be very careful taking the strips out of the package because they will tear easily. Cooking the strips was no problem, but it was harder to get a crispy strip. Mine ended up a little more chewy. The sweet maple flavor was a good complement to the salty smokiness of the bacon, although at the end I could taste a faint chemical aftertaste (Maybe a preservative?).  Service was friendly and we had no problem redeeming our Groupon.
5 I really like this place. It is clean, and well run. Easy to get a quick bite, or buy some great sausages from a wide selection. Lunch time and a 5$ polish with chips and a soda really works for me. I like the polish sausage the best for a sandwich. The beef jerky is good for something after work.
5 I discovered So We Meat Again from a groupon, and am very happy I did!   Although I'm not much of a sausage lover, the bacon they smoke is pork PERFECTION!   When I returned to purchase more bacon, I tried a sandwich, and it was delish, as well! It gets a little busy around lunch time, and there aren't many tables, but the sandwiches are really good!   However, if you're a bacon lover, you must go and get some of their maple-smoked bacon...your kitchen will smell like maple bacon heaven, and the flavor of that bacon is absolutely pigglicious!!
2 Used a Groupon to check this place out. Very close to my house so was very hopeful, but alas, disappointed. Staff (2 women) seemed annoyed that I had a Groupon (in fact, they seemed annoyed that we even came in at all). Decided to pick up some sandwiches while there, they were rather boring. Took home some all beef hotdogs (good) and slab bacon (everyone thought it was some weird bacon after how it cooked up- not especially appetizing...looked more like jerky).   Perhaps everything would have tasted better had the customer service been better.  Probably won't go back.
4 We stopped in this weekend to grab a quick bite togo.  The staff were much friendly than the last owners who were more like the "no soup for you crew."  I ordered a brat meal with chips and a drink for $5 for my husband and told them to top it and make how they like it best - good decision he loved it.  I also ordered 2 deli sandwiches for my girls and I.  The bread was good - soft and bit chewy.  The meat was fresh and plentiful.  We would stop in again and maybe even grab some of the meats to use at home in our cooking.
1 Stopped by here last night and this business has gone out of business.  Signs on the front door said this location is permanently closed, not sure if there is another location that is still open?  Their website and FB are also gone.
