4 Needed a car wash close to work so I could get it done on my lunch break.  This little mom and pop operation came up on Yelp with a check-in offer and no reviews.  Deciding to live on the edge, I drove about a 3/4 of a mile to find that the place is one of those hand car wash places where customers put quarters in and wash cars with those wands with brushes that squirt out soap and water.  However, the stalls have been taken over by Valle Verde.  There were three people working there: a gentleman, a lady, and a younger kid--I'm guessing this is a family operation.  In about 30 minutes, the car was spic and span inside and out, plus the carpets were shampooed.  This is a CASH ONLY establishment so be prepared for that.  The trio did a great job and I'm happy to support a local business such as this one--I'll be back.
4 Was in a really bad need of a car wash. There are a few good shops I have gotten recommendations from friends about, but I live in Boulder City and dont want to drive halfway around the world to get my car detailed. I came across this place on a Yelp search. Saw it only had one review so I was a little suspect. But as of right now you can purchase a voucher for $50 in services for only $35. Their mini detail service is $50. So I figured if it wasnt that great I got a deal on it, and if it were good it would be a win. I went there around mid-morning at a slow time. Three guys working and he told me about 45 minutes. The mini detail entails: Hand wash, towel dry, wheel/tire treatment, clean and treat the interior, vacuum, and a hand wax. I have a black car, and it was noticeably dirty. In just under 45 minutes these guys had my car looking like it was in the showroom. I think I will certainly be returning again. I paid a few extra bucks to have them shampoo my floor mats and with the tip I was right at $50 where I would have started in the first place.
5 Decided to get my wife's 2008 Honda CRV detailed for her as a surprise. It hadn't been washed in about 3 months due to the cold weather and I can't remember the last time we put a coat of wax on it.   Dropped it off  at about 8:00AM in the morning & went back & picked it up about 2:00PM.  They did a SUPERB JOB !  It looked way better than the day she bought it new !  This is a small operation so they take their time & pride themselves on their work.  Paid a little extra and they detailed the engine compartment.  Under the hood looked as good as the car !  I will be going back & recommending this to anyone looking for a good auto detailing place to do their car.  Greg Henderson,  NV
3 Groupon Deal. $22 for a $50 wash. Goes for the super deluxe and all thats included.   Pretty far, considering we live in Las Vegas. Quiet area.   Washed by power water by two people. One spraying, one scrubbing the sides and tires. Hand dried. Vacuumed. Carpets cleaned. Vinyl wiped down inside and outside.   Whole process took approx 30 minutes. It was a super windy day, so took longer than expected (they said). its understandable.   Free air freshener ! A few sprays from their fruity Febreeze can ! :P  Overall not bad for $22 if you want a quick wash. Still a person who would like to do it myself, even if it does take a few hours
4 When they say hand wash, it's true. No brushes like you see when you have the drive through washes. For the actual time, products, and care they take into detailing your car, it's a great deal. It's not the fanciest place, but what car wash is? They know what they are doing and don't just armor all everything in your car. They use specific products for the leather, vinyl, etc. I got the carnauba wax done and my paint felt sooo smooth. I will Definitely be getting this done at least 2 times a year.   Check them out!
5 Great experience there today. The guys did an excellent job. The outside and inside of the car looked brand new when they were finished. The super deluxe package was well worth the price
5 Excellent service, very thorough, and I would absolutely return if I lived in Las Vegas/Henderson.   Interior was clean and shiny, exterior was impressive, and they did a great job on restoring my headlights.
5 purchased a yelp deal last weekend. My poor car needed a bath after being neglected for so long. I arrived at the car wash at 8am right when they opened. Was greeted by a nice gentleman and was told it would be about 45 minutes. I was I no rush so 45 minutes was no big deal. I was very impressed at the detail they put into my car. It looked so clean and smelled nice. almost brand new! 19 bucks for 40 bucks worth of service is an excellent deal! I will be back again for another wash in the future!
