5 Found my new place to get my nails done and my eyebrows!  Haute Nails Spa just opened on Friday so they have a special of all services 20% off. My friend and  I decided to check this place out since it just opened and it was 20% off. I am glad we did because the prices were reasonable compared to some nail places I've been. I got a mani-pedi and my eyebrows waxed for only $42, not bad at all.   The staff is very friendly and welcomed every customer that walked in. I will definitely be coming back here again.
5 Found this place driving by so decided to stop in for a pedi and gel polish manicure.  Super friendly staff and most definitely will go back.
1 I have never written a negative review and feel badly for doing so, but I was so disappointed with the manicure I received that I feel it is necessary to warn others.  The staff was very friendly; however, my manicure looked awful.  There was powdery residue remaining behind my nails, they were not shaped evenly and the edges were still rough.  The polish was on my skin.  The polish that was on the nail was uneven and had bubbles and bumps.  The manicurist did offer to repaint my nails, but that was after I'd already been there over an hour and she said that I must have bumped them and messed them up.  I won't be returning.  My five year old does a nicer job.
5 I just found them when I drove by just before they closed and the female owner was still willing to do a soft gel manicure and a pedicure. I am very pleased with the results! The salon is very nice and everyone was very friendly! I will be back in 2 weeks.
5 Desperately in need of a mani/pedi, I stumbled across Haute nail salon!  The decor is very nice and the place was very clean!  I was greeted by the salon owner and was excited that she was available to give me a much needed pedi right away:). Overall I was very pleased with the quality, service, and cleanliness, price was very reasonable too.  I will definitely be coming back soon!
5 I went to this salon just to get a gel pedi about 1.5 hrs before closing. When I got there, I politely asked if they had time to do a gel manicure too. They said of course with no hesitation! The lady did an exceptional job and even stayed 30 minutes after closing to finish up on my pedicure. If you've had gel done before, you know it takes a little longer to cure each coat under the uv lamp. I was very happy and satisfied with the results, they were very nice, and I definitely recommend this place!
4 The ppl were friendly but I just felt my pedicure was rushed. It took 30 mins.  If I'm paying for a deluxe pedicure my time should be deluxe also not express.
4 Stopped in to get my first ever gel mani; Mi helped me, she was friendly though her English was limited. The seats are pretty comfortable, and they have a great selection of gel colors and glitters. I decided on a holiday-festive red, but I wanted a faux-french look with the tips only red glitter, and my whole ring finger on each hand all glitter; they were happy to oblige, and I LOVE my manicure!  Another nail tech was doing a great multi-color glitter on black gel background that came out beautifully! I will certainly return and will have a pedicure next time I go, along with some New Years nails!
1 Terrible place! I went 1/29/14 for a quick polish change. They very rude and charged me $10.00 for a Polish Change!! Ridiculous! I don't think they care about costumer service and I will not be returning. Go somewhere else with your business let's not help these rude nail mills exist!
5 I moved here about 8 months ago. I was going to my pedi place in Cali for 5 years so going to the same person every 2 weeks to not having anyone was hard. I tried different locations near me and didn't like them. And I yelped to see what I can find. And I found this place I said okay liked the reviews now let me try it. I went in the first time and same bic loved how she did my pedi. I felt like I had in actual pedi not sure my feet soaked in water! I have continued to go back. Very happy with them !
5 Carina has been doing my nails for over a year now. Always does a great job. Staff is friendly and spa is super clean.
1 Just  waited 20 minutes for a fill and pedi to be told them I would be right after a girl she was just getting done with someone else then I can have a full and a pedicure .  They walked me to a pedi chair and i look up and the Lady took someone else and  said we do not do fills and pedis together which means double time!! would you like to be treated disrespectfully go there.  I recommend you don't go there,  they also don't Jane wifi as advertised and laughed at me when I Asked! No rating but the app forced me to select something
3 I got my mani and pedi here...decent job but over priced, I was told when I called it would be $65 and when I went to pay they charged me $85...I always leave tips so I ended up spending $100 on a mani, pedi. Will not return.
4 This place is one of my faves for a mani / pedi. The staff is friendly and the prices are competitive. It's clean and they have new massage chairs.
5 Love this place. Bic gave me a gel manicure. She was very thorough, filed my nails perfectly and was an absolute perfectionist when applying the polish. Very nice and clean salon.
