5 Big news: there is now a Tempe location of Thrive. So if you've been dying to go, but Gilbert is too far away, you now have no excuse. Go immediately. Even if you don't live near Tempe either, it's worth the trip. And even if you've never heard of Thrive or acai bowls, you should still go.  Whether you are a superfood enthusiast or so clueless about this stuff that you think it's pronounced ah-kay, you will not regret going to Thrive. (Its ah-sigh-yee by the way.)  I, a vegan, took my Big-Mac-eating boyfriend, and we ordered a chocolate peanut butter acai bowl. I immediately loved the think, creamy, rich taste and texture of the acai blended with homemade peanut butter and pure cacao topped with fresh fruit (never frozen at this place, don't worry) and simple, crunchy granola. Although my boyfriend insisted that he wouldn't like my "weird vegan stuff", we were definitely fighting over the last few bites. So go immediately, and drag as many friends as you can.  Side note: even though it's a bit pricey, it's because the ingredients are such high quality. And as an added plus, they have a rewards system, so GO NOW. And as often as possible.
5 I've never had an Acai bowl before... I didn't know they were in Gilbert also, because I've never been. I really thought the staff was great, the sample I received was amazing and what I ended up ordering (an AMAZING homemade peanut butter acai bowl) was absolutely delicious. I have a feeling I'll be a regular and hope I can recruit as many of my friends as possible to go there. It has a nice atmosphere and felt really inviting. They even have offered me a gluten free option which though I'm not allergic to gluten was really happy about because a couple of my friends are.   So glad this place is in my area of town and that I stopped in to check it out.
5 I've see Acai before but didn't know what it was. Thrive is more than a smoothie bar, the Acai bowls are tasty and better for you than ice cream! The CR500 weight loss program they offer works as well....so far I've lost 15 pounds in  21 days!  Thanks Marcy!
5 As an Orange County native, I had the luxury of eating acai bowls for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if I wanted; however, acai bowls are a rarer commodity in Arizona. Thus, I was so excited to learn that Thrive had just open a location in Tempe. The acai bowls are to die for...unless you prefer the taste of artificial flavors over real fruit. Don't order a small because you'll definitely want to eat more!!
4 After the demise of the Argentinian sandwich shop here, I wondered what business would take the place in this location.  I was naturally intrigued when I found out that there would be a smoothie and acai bowl place opening up in its stead. I think this is a great location for acai bowls, since Sprouts is just a few steps away, bringing in the more health-conscious crowd.  I went in with high hopes of getting a healthy, fruitful bowl.  There are quite a few bowls to choose from, some of them fruity, others more dessert-like, with peanut butter and chocolate.  I opted for a fruitier bowl, getting the tropical.  This was my first time trying an acai bowl, and it was quite tasty.  The bottom layer was a smooth, thick acai puree/sorbet-like mixture, which tasted berry-like.  There was crunchy, sweet granola layered in between the acai and the tropical fruit (Banana, mango, and pineapple), with large, thin shaved pieces of coconut completing the bowl. The granola itself was a high quality mixture, containing ingredients such as flax seed. The bowl was a nice mixture of textures and of tastes.  I ordered a small (About $5), and it definitely filled me up!  Service was very friendly, and they offer a points reward system which uses your e-mail to keep track of your purchases.  The interior is pretty bare-bones, and it seems like they kept much of the same color scheme as the previous owner.  Definitely a good place to go if you're looking for a healthier alternative to dessert, or if you want a lighter (Yet filling) meal for breakfast, lunch, or dinner!
5 OMG!! I cannot express into words nor articulate the immense amount of PURE JOY I felt running through my veins when I saw there was an acai bowl place right next to my beloved sprouts I frequently more often than I am proud to admit :). I just about flew inside to place my order. I was greeted right away, MAJOR POINTS and feasted my eyes upon the menu-  only wish they had take out menus available so I cold take advantage of their option to call ahead and  place an order. You can tell by the inside decor that they are just starting up and have yet to complete their overall design vision, but they have a cute comfy couch and a few supplements on the shelf, but needless to say, they offer superb service and a great product, so who really cares if the walls are cream white or sunshine yellow??
5 Best acai bowl in Arizona! Jamba Juice acai toppers don't count...I think they blend grapes into theirs which really thins them out. Thrive makes them perfectly and uses fresh, ripe fruit. I would come here everyday but my wallet would protest. It is a bit of a splurge for a broke college student but definitely worth it. Friendly staff and great acai bowls!
5 My husband and I went in for a sample and were blown away with how delicious, fresh and healthy these bowls are. We are heading there tonight for a first time, full helping of a bowl. I love the fact that they use pea protein and whole ingredients. They also offer gluten free granola as a topping and all their bowls are naturally dairy free. This will definitely be my frozen-yogurt replacement!
5 THRIVE...IN TEMPE?! As in, we don't have to make a weekly voyage to Gilbert for a bowl of all things pure and wonderful? I'll eat to that. Their expanded menu, simplified bowl sizes, and convenient location are all improvements from the original location, which was already worthy of copious amounts of praise.  If you don't know what an acai bowl is, use the appeal of the mystery to transport yourself there. If you do know, be warned: Thrive beats the Brazilian version, the SoCal version, and everything in between when it comes to mastering the acai bowl. Addiction is definitely in your future.  With flavors like blackberry walnut, chocolate coconut, and every super-food add-in under the sun, it's no wonder this college-town newcomer is already a total hit amongst hippies, hipsters, and sorostitutes alike. With enough support, perhaps my ultimate dream of Thrive running every crappy FroYo place into the ground might just come true.
2 A co-worker of mine sent me a link to this restaurants website, and since she knows that I am trying to eat more "healthy", recommended this place as a healthy alternative for lunch.  So after about a week and half of hemming and hawing, I finally decided to give the place a try.  I ordered a regular raspberry, pecan bowl, with pea protein, whey protein, and extra granola . . . won't lie . . . thought it was kinda pricey for what I ordered . . . over $10.00. Since the place is extremely small . . . three tables and a two seat bar counter inside, and two table outside . . . and with no place to sit, I got my order to go.  30 MINUTES LATER . . . My order finally was ready . . . definitely needs more than two people working and more seating if this place is going to be successful . . . even the UPS man who was delivering a package left after 10 minutes of not even being acknowledged.  Oh well . . . after a short trip back to the office, I sat down to enjoy my acia bowl . . . and I was pleasantly suprised . . . I was really, really good.  Very tasty, just the right balance of smoothness, crunchiness, and sweetness.  Will I be back . . . probably . . . but if all of the seating is taken, and / or there are people waiting in line to order . . . I will probably go somewhere else.
4 Good stuff and very refreshing
3 The first thing I thought when I heard about this place is finally a place near campus that is actually fresh and healthy.  Unfortunately the customer service is awful. It is a tiny awkward store front.  Not somewhere I would sit down with friends like you would at a yogurt shop.  There are literally 3 tables and not even a menu posted on the wall.  There were literally 3 people working and they took forever to fill an order of 2 items.  Its a great idea and the product is good but with bad service, lack of menu on the wall, and terribly slow service I dont think it will be around for long.
5 It's a smoothie, in a bowl, so more frozen, with nothing but GENUINELY healthy ingredients, but it doesn't taste "eww, healthy"  !!   Yes, it is somewhat more expensive than ice cream or a frozen yogurt, but it really is due to the quality of ingredients. NO fillers, no dairy, no sugar, no "fake" sweeteners... your body will truly thank you.    And really, you have to get a BIIIGGG bowl with lots of extra stuff to get the price up over $10... It would be a serious M E A L ....
3 Just got back from Thrive.  I got the blackberry bowl.  It was really tart, which I guess I should have expected from blackberries.  And then there was the sorbet with granola and some fruit on top.  It tasted like...  sorbet with granola.  And that's fine.  I don't see why everyone is raving about Thrive, but the bowl I got was okay.  I wouldn't be averse to eating at Thrive again, but I won't go out of my way to do so.
1 I was here at 9 and according to Yelp and Google, they were "Open". According to the locked door and the stacked chairs they were not open. I guess I'll wait around a while...  Doors opened at 10 after and didn't get my bowl until 9:35 due to the one employee and line of 20 people. I think I'll pass on coming to this location. The Gilbert one has plenty of help and seems to open on time.
4 LOVE ME SOME ACAI!   Thrive has got a great little store front with catchy slogans and what not. The menu is awesome and I definitely suggest the green bowl.   I'm not sure how I feel about the set up with the kitchen in the back and all but I'll forgive them for taking so long on an acai bowl because it was really really good.   I may try the gluten free granola next time because whatever they use regularly is quite light and crunchy. I also think they should potentially get vita-mix's or industrial type blenders rather than the little bullets I saw them using. I had a huge chunk of acai  on the bottom of my bowl & it just seems like blenders would be more useful honestly.
4 Finally got to try Thrive Acai (thank you Groupon!) on our way to the Sprouts next door. I got the Chocolate Coconut Bowl and the bf got the Chocolate Cherry. They were both great, though I liked mine a bit better since it had pea protein, which gave it a smooth yummy texture. The ladies at the counter were knowledgeable and helpful, even though we came in about 10 minutes before closing.  Took off one star due to the bowl taking a little long to make, and the whole place smelling really strongly like the nail salon next door. They mentioned something about fixing the ventilation soon. I hope so, I plan to go back soon!
5 Delicious, filling, healthy. I will be back!
4 Acai bowls were delicious but the wait was a bit long!
5 I've never tried an Acai Bowl before. I found this place on yelp and decided to try it on a whim. The young lady at the counter was friendly and knowledgeable. I tried the Go Green bowl because she said that's one of her favorites. I'm glad I took her advice. It was delicious and affordable. Under $6 for a small (yet filling) bowl and a bottled water. The place has a nice laid back atmosphere with good music playing. I'm definitely coming back again.
5 Following our Rappel AZ experience we were looking for a snack after lunch... We were looking for a Jamba, and stumbled across thrive. Much Fresher, no sugar, and absolutely perfect fruit based dessert....  I would highly recommend frequenting here..
4 I'll be honest, I had absolutely no idea what an acai bowl was up until now. That being said, of course, I had to try Thrive! to find out what it was all about. For anyone else that was confused like me out there, it is basically a smoothie in a bowl. Think a yogurt parfait but with acai sorbet instead since they are dairy, soy, and sugar free. It was very good. I love the tart taste of acai and the fruit that they used was fresh. The staff was patient while I took my time trying to decide what I wanted to order. No line at all on a Monday around noon. I wouldn't go so far to say it is a meal but rather a delicious treat and healthier than other possible options.
4 Finally came to try this place and I am very happy with the Go Green bowl! I think the only green part of it is the spinach, but it was still delicious.  4 stars because I was hoping for more of a yogurt style than a sorbet (which is mixed with cane sugar) but then vegans and lactose intolerants wouldn't be able to enjoy it also, so that's fair! Will definitely come back.  Also, it's really not that expensive. I mean for 7 bucks I had my regular-sized bowl as a meal. Totally worth it!!  The girls were all super awesome and explained everything to me since it was my first time in. :)
5 People that work in this place are super nice ordered the chocolate peanut butter protein shake and it was bomb will be back again if I'm in need if a healthy snack that is still delicious
4 Their mediums are huge! I couldn't even finish mine.   Came here on a Saturday early evening, around 5. No one in line in front of us, but it still took a good 10-15 minutes to get our bowls. Not the end of the world, but slightly inconvenient.   Once we received them, though...   I got the Tropical and the mister, the Original. I think I might have liked mine better, but his was pretty tasty as well. Delicious granola. Super sweet, but only natural sugars. When we were waiting, we saw one of the girls leave with a bunch of reusable grocery bags, and come back from Sprouts about 20 minutes later with two bags completely full. Their fruit is definitely fresh.   We'll be back, and order smalls next time.
4 The bowls are unique as well as the smoothies. They have a great variety. The staff is helpful and place is upbeat. The only thing I would leave out is the whey or pea protein. I don't know what kind they use but it gives everything a funky taste. Would recommend and would go again.
2 The peanut butter acai smoothie was scrumptious and not too sweet, which was perfect for me. However, I don't feel it was worth $7 (12-16 oz?) and the 15 minute wait. There were about 5 customers in the store and everyone seemed to be waiting. Maybe they were short staffed, so it's worth giving them another try and a revised review. Till next time...
5 This is the perfect stop for a yummy, guilt-free meal with soooo many varieties and choices, I want to try them all but I definitely have favorites.  The add-ons make it that much healthier and they do punch cards!  The people are super friendly and phone orders make ordering on the go so easy.
3 Be careful if you are trying to "be healthy" here. I can't imagine that caloric impact these bowls impart.  SO MUCH ADDED SUGAR. Natural sugar too... but even that much natural sugar can't be good.  Make your own shake or ask what is in each item, cause you will be downing 1/2 a days worth of calories in one gulp, if you aren't careful.
1 when you walk in the door the color scheme is a lot like jamba juice but they got half way there and stopped.  so it is left looking less like a healthfood/smoothie place and more like a commercial doctors office.  you have to ask what is in each smoothie as the ingredients are nowhere to be found.  I was hoping to see sugar and calorie counts.  a large smoothie seems half the size of jambas and cost a lot more.  there is a window where you can see the workers in back all having a good time and barely working on your order and I was told the owner was there!  the tropical smoothie I got was so so.  wont be back.
5 Acai bowls are my newest and truest addiction. Thrive knows how to whip up an amazing bowl!      The inside is pretty sparse with the big menus, several tables and a couple of couches and an area to buy powders on display. The colors are loud and fun, kind of like their ingredient combos!       The girl at the counter was really nice and the wide window looking in to the back where the kitchen is a cool touch. I ordered the chocolate peanut butter Acai bowl and my friend got their new Pitaya (dragonfruit) bowl. You can get a small, medium, or large bowl and considering how hungry we were we decided on mediums. These are generous helpings for $8!     Our bright bowls came out and mine was full of pb, Acai, chocolate pea protein powder, hemp protein, bananas and strawberries. This was rich, filling and oh so good.     My only "negative" is that they don't have much outdoor seating, when the weather was as beautiful as today everyone would want to sit outside and eat their treats! They have smoothies as well, they look thick and delicious as well, but they have stolen my heart when it comes to bowls!
4 Grouponed here, great dessert and good service.  You will find the decor and seating a little basic, and the prices a little high.  However, they use high-quality ingredients, healthy stuff, and serve huge portions so it's not really that pricey from that perspective.  Check out their menu online first, since they have a lot of options.
3 Acai is the new froyo?  I joined the line for a free acai bowl mostly because I never queue for free anything and thought my bucket list should include doing so just once.  The atmosphere is sort of the mullet of snack shops: Jamba Juice-like in the front and medical-office-like in the back. For a while in the line, I was worried that I'd accidentally queued for free botox or pedicures or weird treatments that involved cucumbers and mild electric currents.  The acai bowl, when finally achieved, was really good. It's sweet-tart in a refreshing way -- it does actually taste roughly the red-purple shade that it is -- as it's basically a fruit smoothie soft-serve. The five-ounce bowl comes with slices of banana, berries, and a sprinkling of granola that's useful for absorbing the last melted bits of soft-serve. In the relentless sun of suburban Tempe, it has the magic taste of feeling about five years younger, deeply wise and earnest (if not actually in touch with the spirit of yoga masters), and in need of flowing garments with fringes.  When not a free offering, these are ungodly expensive. They're probably also little calorie bombs on the same scale as froyo.  If I were at this shopping center again, I'd have another on my own dime because Tempe is, for me, a vast beige suburban wasteland of dehydration that I need Calories of Refreshing Happiness to endure, and these calories are extremely refreshing and happy. If it were where I change buses on the way home from work, though, it wouldn't be a habitual stop.
5 Organic, full of antioxidants, and just refreshing and delicious! Thrive has 15 different acai bowls to choose from and also has smoothies! Today I had the Go Green bowl and it was so tasty. I always feel so refreshed after eating here.
4 Yummy, healthy...love it!!!
3 I didn't think the acai bowls were that great..I came here twice and had the original and the green bowl. I mean they tasted good it was sweet and refreshing on a hot winter day in February, but I honestly could make the same thing myself but healthier with less added sugar, (and extra spinach/kale and flaxseed) and cheaper (a small came to $5 something). Which is exactly what I did lol. It's just a personal preference thing I guess, for smoothies I always prefer to make them myself cause I know what's going in and how much sugar I'm getting, whereas at Jamba Juice it's like getting sorbet. Same concept for these. Worker was very friendly though.
5 Had the extreme green smoothie and mango passion smoothie, soooooo delicious and nutritious!! Mmmmmm
5 This place is incredible! All of the acai bowls are amazing. My favorite is the "original" and I add in almond butter and extra granola. They offer a large variety of "add ins". My stomach was acting funny one week and I had them add probiotics and I felt great after! The service is great and they are always happy to answer any nutrition information. There is no dairy/yogurt or ice added to any blend, so I'm not sure how they do it but everything tastes so fresh and delicious! It is worth the money.
4 I love this place but it's just a bit too expensive for me to become a regular here. However, many people have contested that Acai berries are just expensive to begin with so I won't deduct any stars in my review.  Medium bowls are about $8, and large bowls are around $10. Large bowls are great for sharing between two people though.  It's always fresh and clean here, and the service is always great. I love that they have a window to the kitchen. I don't love that the place smells like a nail polish remover.
4 Thrive is amazing! The bowls are delicious and healthy! I would not recommend anyone to try the protein shakes, they are extremely chalky and not at all tasty. The employees were kind and accommodating. My sister got a shake and wanted more strawberries because she couldn't taste them. They agreed with enthusiasm and added more strawberries with out any extra charge!  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone. Every bowl that I have tried has been delicious!
4 DELICIOUS! I love that they have gluten free granola! My fav is the cherry bowl. I wish they would get the previous to go covers for the bowls because all of the honey sticks to the lid /: But other then that the staff is great, bowls are yummy, and protein shakes a little chalky but good (:
3 The service is great. The selection of the bowls is great. The fact that they use organic fruits is great.   My big problem is that they use a pea protein blend and unfortunately, I didn't catch this until they were already working on my bowl, the protein mix they use is loaded with sugar. This completely takes away from the healthiness of these bowls. I will not return to the place unless they change their ingredients to include ONLY natural sweeteners and I will not recommend it to anyone. Very disappointed in this product.
4 Loved my bowl! I stay away from Whey Protein so the fact they use Pea Protein is a huge bonus.  The only con I have is that it took around 25 minutes to get my bowl. Granted it was the rush hour, I believe the reason was lack of employees.  Will be back!
3 I've been to Thrive twice now, ordered a bowl the first time & a protein smoothie the other. The bowl was alright / pretty good. I liked the smoothie-like consistency & taste of the blend at the bottom of the bowl but didn't care much for the granola & fruit which is why I got the protein smoothie the next time. I wasn't a huge fan of the after taste. I like the concept of this place, however, so I'll probably go back. I'd like to try one the regular smoothies to see how that stacks up!
5 I love Thrive. It's always clean inside, the staff is always friendly, and the acai bowls are consistently amazing! It is pricey though,  which is the only downfall.
5 I have heard so many talk about how much they love acai bowls.  I don't have a sweet tooth so I was never so inclined to go try it.  My sister however has a sweet tooth and is on a health binge.  We decided to check this place out for a healthy snack and we were so satisfied and happy! The fruits are super fresh, granola is to die for, and the acai smoothie at the bottom was yummmmy! If you're looking to be really healthy the acai bowl is a good meal replacement.
4 So delicious and such a nice alternative to ice cream. Can eat it for a meal or have it as a healthy treat. My kids love it
2 Not impressed.  I feel like I just paid too much for frozen yogurt with fruit on top.  The bowl I had was a cherry walnut, and it was okay.  It definitely didn't blow my mind.  The fact that they have all of their vitamins and supplements in bottled powder or liquid form tells me their idea of nutrition is a little off base.  Also - I realize this isn't entirely their fault, but there is a nail salon next door and the odor of acetone coming through into their shop is - overwhelming!  I don't see how anyone eats in there, it was nauseating.  The smell of chemicals isn't really synonymous with the healthy image they're trying to create.  Also the atmosphere is a bit clinical... The shop is very sparse, so sound just echoes everywhere and it's just kind of awkward.   All in all, I'd say this place is "eh" at best... If you're looking for something that is really healthy - go to Chop Shop or Green.
