5 I recently visited Las Vegas to attend my nephew's wedding.  I had to take my 12 week old puppy with me because she was too young to board at my usual kennel.  It was easy to find a hotel that allowed pets, but I needed to find a pet sitter to stay with the puppy when I wasn't in the room.  I found the Las Vegas Pet Nanny (http://www.lasvegaspetnanny.com/) via a google search.  Boy was I lucky.  Their rates were reasonable and they were willing to come to my hotel room to stay with our puppy.  We used their services for two nights--Our pet nanny Chaz was wonderful......when he showed up the second night our puppy ran to him like a long lost friend! I consider it a very good sign when a dog is happy to see the sitter:-)   Various family members saw Chaz and our puppy Reba going to/from the hotel's pet area, and everyone was impressed with his courtesy and professionalism.  He even taught our puppy the "lay down" command.  Chaz even impressed my husband who is usually very skeptical and cautious when hiring contractors for any task.  We felt very comfortable having Chaz in our room, and trusted him to take great care of our cherished pet.  I would definitely use The Las Vegas Pet Nanny on my next visit to Las Vegas.
1 As an animal lover and pet owner I am appalled at the condition the boarding house was in when my sister and I went to drop her dog off recently. I see there are a couple of good reviews on here but from what I can tell the people who wrote those reviews have used their walking/sitting services only, and have not taken their pets to the boarding house. They run it out of their home and made a lot of claims as to the condition of the premises that were not true. When we were on our way to the place to drop my sister's dog off, she received a text from one of the employees telling her that "its less stressful for the animals if we don't come inside", and that they'd prefer to come out and get the dog and bring him inside alone. This seemed a little suspect to us so of course my sister wanted to check it out. When she got out of the car and said she'd like to come inside and take a look, the woman immediately became flustered. She first tried to give the tour with all the lights off until my sister asked her to turn them on. She refused to let her into certain rooms, but the state of the parts she was shown alone was very disturbing. Junk everywhere and very dirty. Lots of objects dogs could get into and either swallow and potentially choke on or injure themselves. The whole place reeked of feces and garbage, and this woman had no less than 7 dogs ranging in size from small to large locked in her bedroom. Also, the backyard, which they had claimed was very large with lots of room for dogs to run around and play in was not very big at all - it would have been ok if it weren't completely covered in dog poop making it unsuitable for them to even set foot out there anymore!! This place was a very unsafe and unsanitary area and we felt the owners were very deliberately dishonest about the quality and condition of what they were offering. I feel bad for those poor dogs that were already in their "care'. :( We ended up leaving and taking our dog with us.
1 I had a very similar experience to Christine M.  I went to do a meet and greet with Bethany and Nita after scheduling it a few days before with them via phone.  When I showed up on time.. Nita didn't seem to know who i was or indicate that she was expecting me.  She actually looked like she was on her way out... so needless to say, we met outside.  There were a lot of dogs barking and going crazy inside and I couldn't even get my dogs to want to go inside.  It was really uncomfortable to say the least, but with some tugging, I managed to get my freaked out crew inside to take a look around.  Like Christine pointed out, the house was very dirty, junk all over the place, really ran down... definitely not a place i'd want to hang out or leave my dogs.  I was really taken back, too because they scheduled the meet and greet at a time good for THEM so I'd at least expect them to clean up for that.. kind of fake it if they had to.. though i'm very glad they didn't so I could see what it REALLY would be like to stay there.  Again, there were about 10 dogs ranging in sizes... 3 in crates (two large ones in one crate, 1 in another), the others free roam of the house.  Everyone was barking and it seemed like a very stressful environment.   My dogs have very specific needs that didn't seem to be taken seriously or addressed in any real way.. example, my dogs MUST be fed separate.  One is a puppy and hasn't learned boundaries yet, so he eats the other dogs food... which, causes my other dog to choke (he's been rushed to the emergency room due to this twice) and my third dog needs more time to eat because she gets slightly more food + medicine in her food and is food aggressive when bothered. Nita just brushed it off and was like, we have plenty of corners to feed everyone in.  Well, I don't need corners, I need separate confined areas so they are comfortable and not rushed or bothered.  I also told her that my one dog tends to be toy aggressive, as well as aggressive and defensive with larger breed dogs as a result of being attacked and almost killed about 4 years ago at a dog park.  Again, I got the brush off, and she said "yeah, so is she..." and pointed to a 130lb. female dog staying there (my dog is a mere 15lbs.. if they fought, i don't think the outcome would be very good).   I too, wanted a look around.  The back yard was horrible.. filled with dog poop. I could tell she was worried about showing me because she tried to explain away what I would see before she opened the door.  It didn't look like it had been cleaned in about a week.  I know, I have three dogs and I know how much poop that produces on a daily basis. Next, there were about 5 water bowls in sight between the house and yard and not a single bowl had any water in it  Seriously.. I looked in each one... not a drop. Just that white residue line indicating they hadn't seen water in a while, nor been cleaned. Very concerning. I also found it strange she never asked me about vaccines to make sure my dogs were utd on their shots and healthy. I'm looking for a legit place.. so those types of requirements are important to me.  I want to know the dogs my dogs will be around are safe and healthy too.  She also thought it was a-ok to tell me people were in and out of the house all the time so there'd always be someone there.  That's not a ok to me.  First of all, I want to know who exactly is watch my dogs.  I want to meet them, talk to them, discuss with them, make a plan.  Second, with as disorganized and flustered she was.. i can imagine how disorganized more then one person must be at that household. Plus, I can't imagine every detail of my care requests will be followed and/or passed on to "all the people in and out of the house".  for any price, these conditions are unacceptable, but for $900+ it's a joke.  I can get better boarding at petsmart and I'd rate them an F and cancel my trip before leaving them there.   My dogs will NOT be staying here.  I leave in two weeks and now am frantically looking for other arrangements.  Can't recommend this place except to recommend the owners look at their "business" and make A LOT of changes.
