4 We live in Optima and were disappointed when the last restaurant closed down, even though it was awful.  This place had a good vibe, great food, awesome drinks and great wait staff. I was surprised the menu was so big and diverse internationally. We had shrimp and pork potstickers and mini tacos with shredded pork, marinated red onions, fetal cabbage, pure yummy.  I had a peach nectar drink which was really tasty. We are going to try this place out for breakfast now.
4 I think they were working out the kinks in the system when we were there.  The food didn't come out together, in fact we had to wait for several dishes.  The lo mein was actually a ramen, which wasn't what we were expecting.  Friendly wait staff.
3 Found Metropolis because I heard the Fez owners were opening a new place nearer to my home. The initial visit did not provide anything that stuck out substantially  positively or negatively.  There were a few creative dishes that sparked my interest.   I ended up with a shrimp and lentil combo (never had that combo before) which was tasty.   Wubby (ya know since I'm hubby) had a pasta and meatball dish that she liked.  The meatball was the single tastiest item.  Indoors was on the loud side.   Especially at this part of the year, I would recommend eating outdoors.  They do offer a kids menu with seven choices which I found a bit out of sorts.   Metropolis is more to bring someone to impress for a first date than a child.  Metropolis was good enough for a return visit.
3 I went here for dinner last Saturday (2/2/2013) with my boyfriend. It wasn't incredibly busy, and we opted to sit indoors because it was too cold to eat outside. The decor is very chic and it was dimly lit-great date spot.   We both ordered Moscow Mules..and I'm a bit of a snob about this drink (I'll admit it). It didn't come in a copper mug, as I feel it should but it was less expensive than I would normally pay at somewhere like Hanny's or Citizen Public House-So I guess that's to be expected. I truly do feel that it effects the flavor. Good drink nonetheless.  Upon taking a look at the menu, I noticed that it says that many of the entrees can be made meat free. While I appreciate the effort to cater to vegetarians, many of the entree items had meat in the name--removing it from the dish seems a bit pointless, and almost begs the question that if I ordered the Chicken Curry and asked for no meat, am I still paying the same price? My suggestion is that they should just have another menu (or more menu items) that's veg-friendly.   We ordered the Hummus Tripoli, which was pretty good. For the main course, my boyfriend ordered the Montana BBQ Pork sandwich and I ordered the Sriracha and Chive Caesar salad. My boyfriend commented that there was no BBQ sauce on the sandwich, which was understandably confusing. The salad I received was good, not overwhelmingly exciting as I expected it to be. I had ordered it purely because I'm a Sriracha addict. And I also thought it was not worth what I paid for it.  Overall, service was okay. Our server appeared to be the only one working so service was a bit slower than expected. I am giving this restaurant 3 stars based on the fact that although my experience was so-so, I feel as though this restaurant has good potential. I'd come back once the restaurant has been open a few months.
4 Welcome to the neighborhood! I'm so excited that an actual restaurant now inhabits this space. The owners of FEZ inc. brought their culinary talents to Optima and they have added a nice bit of flavor to the complex. The restaurant runs smoothly and it's apparent that the manager takes great pride in his work and wants to please the customers. The patio is comfortable with a mix of tables and couches as well as heat lamps. The inside has tables and a bar with a complete lineup of boozy beverages.   I've only had cocktails and one meal here so far but the meal I did have was great! I ordered the veggie curry wrap with chicken. First off, it's large and in charge and can easily feed two people. Secondly,, the curry has a nice kick to it and is delicious! My fiancé ordered the BBQ pork sandwich which I tried a bite of. It had a unique taste that was tasty! Don't expect your typical BBQ. Expect BBQ with a culinary twist. The side of fries is just that, a small side and just enough to give you a taste of fried goodness.   I like how they offer a metropolis card which will give you a free beverage after purchase of a certain number. I can't wait for them to start delivering to the units!
1 Went with some friends to Metropolis for Bunch because I saw their facebook page and the food and reviews looked good.    We sat outside because it was a beautiful Sunday.   After our drink orders were taken, everything went downhill after that. They were not busy and we were one of 4 tables outside and there were 3 servers on duty along with a bartender and manager.    Our server only refilled our drinks unless I tracked her down or asked another server to go and grab her.  I did this three times. Our food took about 45 minutes to come out and not once did our server give us an update on our orders. I had to go into the restaurant and ask her what the status of our orders were and again ask her to refill our drinks.  By the time our food came out, we were just wanting to eat, pay and leave.   Two of my friends ordered the Bagels with Salmon.  Both came out with no cream cheese. My other friend ordered eggs over easy and bacon and the eggs were over cooked.  The server did not ask us how our food was nor did we see her again until it came time for the check.  When it came time for the check, I was charged for a Bloody Mary. I did not order a Bloody Mary.  I will never go back to that place again.
2 2nd time here for brunch. I like it, but operational issues each time. Too many to list, but a few examples. Two of my guests got the Salmon Benedict, one received potatoes, one a salad with it? When we inquired, were told...we ran out of potatoes, so just gave you salad....versus, I am sorry we are out of potatoes, could we offer you something else as a substitute. Really? This food was cold, sent back to have warmed, still room temp. Try microwave instead of oven we suggested. Service overall was very slow, long time to get everything, especially the drinks. Waited 20 minutes for a coffee refill as well. Nice enough people and place, but frustrating to see how it is run, especially since they do such a great job with FEZ. Maybe bring over some of the experienced staff from FEZ until things get humming. On our first visit, we were told one of the Chef's didn't come to work, so expect things to be slow. At least they set our expectations, and the food was actually better the first time.
4 We are Optima residents and have only dined during Happy Hour so far. Our appetizers were all good  and wine as well. Welcome! So good to have a restaurant back in this space..love the larger patio.
4 I love the location and the view of the camelview terraces. Breakfast was delish - one of the best takes on eggs benedict I have ever tried (get it with ham). The staff are very accommodating and went out of their way to please us. Sit on the patio overlooking the pebble pond if the weather is nice enough. There is a Yelp and a Foursquare coupon for "checking in" here at the moment.
4 TASTY! :) Enjoyed breakfast here on a Saturday morning.  It's so nice to be able to enjoy the beautiful spring weather sitting on a patio sipping a Bloody Mary and nibbling on eggs benedict. Ok... I might have been sipping the BM... but I was gobbling the Eggs Benedict. So good!  I got the EB with the pesto and prosciutto.... The pesto is a great addition to the creaminess of the eggs and hollandaise sauce.  Personally I would have suggested using pancetta instead of prosciutto but that's just me.  And for some reason they put cream cheese on their english muffins (I didn't properly read the menu) ... next time I'll ask to have that omitted.  Their hollandaise sauce isn't heavy... and they don't drench the whole dish in it so it was "just right" IMO. Now... having tried their breakfast mixed greens salad (because that's was part of Mom's side)... I would totally recommend asking for a salad instead of the seasoned potatoes. The salad would be a Healthier and Lighter option.... Mixed greens for breakfast may sound strange but it's totally refreshing and lighter way to start the morning.  Plus the potatoes were a bit over cooked and nothing extraordinary. OH... and the dressing on the salad is a lovely, light lemon dijon vinaigrette.  So Yummy! The Bloody Mary was Good... not horseradishy... not watery / thin... but everyone has their own preference.  This IMO was good... I felt like it could have used a dash of Worcestershire sauce tho.  Mom enjoyed her egg white frittata that was filled with chicken, mushroom and avocado. The husband opted to go healthier with their oatmeal which was served with lots of fresh berries.  Service was Fabulous!  They were friendly and engaging!  And when we asked about the salad dressing... he sent the chef out who spoke with us for a few minutes and he was really nice too.  Location... near the mall... lower level in center garden courtyard of Scottsdale Camelview Optima Condos... so this is a bit of a hidden gem... since it isn't IN a shopping center and it doesn't have street front presence.  All in All.... Definitely will be back next time we are in Scottsdale.
2 This restaurant is impossible to find...hidden on the lower level of the Optima Camelview condo complex, and parking is even worse. You have to enter the parking complex under the Optima and, good luck finding a spot in visitor parking. Signage is not strong here. If, or, when you find this restaurant they offer both indoor, or, outside dining. The outside is a charming and inviting setting, however, bring a flashlight to read the menu. It is extremely dark with only a small candle to read by. The menu is large, perhaps too large. The are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. They seem to be trying to do too much, with few customers. They offer a full bar. The mac and cheese is bland, it seemed liked Cheese Wiz on shell macaroni. The other sandwiches were ok, nothing exciting or different. The menu prices are on the high side. This restaurant replaced another deli that folded. Their appeal is definitely to the residents of the Condos here. It would NEVER be a destination restaurant...it is too difficult to find for mediocre food. We tried this restaurant because it is a sister restaurant of one of our favorites in Phoenix, "Fez". We wish them luck, I hated to see restaurant fold, but, this location has a difficult obstacle to over come with it's location.
5 I've eaten at Metropolis 3 times now.  The first time for breakfast.  I had the crepes and they were every bit as delicious as the best crepes that I ate in France.  My second time at Metropolis was for apps.  We ordered 3 different apps and all were very tasty and the portions were very generous.  Last night there were 7 people in my party.  First of all, our server, MacAllister was outstanding!  We ordered several apps and all of them were awesome.  If you like humus, definitely try there's, it's so good! All of us loved our entrees (including 2 children who ordered off of the regular menu, although they do have a kids menu).  I had the San Telmo beef and I loved it!!!!  We ended our meal with their homemade limoncello, which was a good choice.  You can bet we will be back soon.
5 We live in Optima and looked forward to Metropolis opening and we have not been disappointed!  We have eaten there at least a dozen times, breakfast, lunch & dinner and have enjoyed a wide variety of the unique entrees - all of which we like and would have again.  Particularly enjoy the breakfast and pitchers of Mimosas.  Appetizers and wine on the patio in the evening is terrific.  The entrees are unusual flavors and many can have a  protein added if you want.  They also have some great desserts and the crepes are amazing.  We have found the service to be friendly & efficient with entire staff anxious to please and to learn the names of regular customers.  We also hosted a small gathering of 14 people in the larger room in the back and it was great - pre-ordered appetizers and they were plated and delivered as soon as we arrived so guests could enjoy while they ordered their drinks and determined what they were going to have for dinner. We are pleased to have them here in Optima!
4 Note: This review is for booze only.  My husband and I went to Metropolis one lovely Saturday for their happy hour. First, a restaurant gets mega points in my book for weekend happy hours, and second, their happy hour is chock full of good deals. Third, all the drinks we ordered were great.   We sat on a couch on the patio, which was relaxing and nice. My husband enjoyed two beers and I had the salty dog and the rum habanero punch drink. Both were phenomenal.   I will definitely return to Metropolis to try their food. Hopefully, then, I can tack that fifth star.
5 We hit this spot on a recommendation from Green W Envy salon.   The Service: Pretty good. The waiters are very nice and laid back. They are not refilling your drink every time you take a sip, but they certainly care about your dining experience. We had this super cool waitress Barri, wow let me tell you. She's one of the best waitresses you could ever ask for at a restaurant.   Food: Great great great. Nothing here you've never had before, but every dish I've had here was better than at any other restaurant. I'm pretty sure they use quality ingredients and they seem to have a top of the line cooking staff.  Location: The BEST part. The location of this restaurant makes you never want to leave. It's on the ground floor of the optima looking up into beautiful gardens. The parking is great, valet on some nights and easy safe parking when there's no valet
1 I want to start by saying, I am not one to write negative reviews.  In fact, I frequently contact companies and praise employees by name (which I will do on here now that I discovered Yelp) but this place has left such a bad taste in my mouth.  I called management to share information about my bad service and the manager basically told me that the customers  in the area are too demanding and that he did not want me coming back. . . let me start at the beginning.     About 4 months ago I visit the Metropolis for breakfast.   When I arrived, I went to seat myself outside but the sign on the table said "please see hostess" so I stood inside for 5 minutes before the young man at the bar told me to just pick my seat (change the signs if you want people to pick their seats, people don't like to stand around looking dumb trying to get a seat--it was not busy). Then I sat for 15 minutes waiting for service. Everyone around me was waited on so I went inside and kindly asked if someone was going to take my order. The girl said she was sorry but the man behind the bar . . .I think his name was Wes. . .was supposed to take my order (even though she waited on everyone else outside) I went back to my table and waited another 5 minutes before the female server came back out and took my order. Prior no one made eye contact with me. After receiving my food. No one checked on my table. I was unhappy with my food (the Met Frit is tasteless) and needed more coffee but neither of the servers stopped by or made eye contact with me (they were not overly busy, there were maybe 3 other tables seated).  After this experience, I wrote an email with suggestions for improvements, I live at the Optima (the condo complex in which the restaurant is located) and would love to have a decent place to frequent but this place was lacking in so many areas (poor service and food being the big two).  I never received a response to my email.  In their defense, I did say a response was not necessary but good management practices would have warranted a response.    Today, (Saturday, May 18th, 2013) I returned hoping that improvements had been made.  I was the exact same story.  I waited over 10 minutes to be greeted by the server.  I also needed to flag a server down when I wanted to order.  Once I was finished eating, I sat at the table for 15 minutes looking for my server (I was reading but my plate was empty and my credit card was on the table as a sign I was ready to leave).  The food was improved.  I had  a burrito this time and it was great!  Price was reasonable too.  After sitting for 15 minutes, I asked another server for my bill.  She took my credit card and brought it back with the bill.  On the bill I noticed that I had been charged for each refill of Ice Coffee ($2.25 i believe it was for EACH cup).  No one mentioned that refills were not free.  When I questioned the charges, the server said that refills were free on everything except Ice Coffee.  Shocked, I paid my bill and left.    Later, I decided to call the manager since now I've had multiple poor experiences. I expected an apology and maybe an invitation to return. ..maybe an offer to refund my coffee refill.  Sadly,  I was shocked at the way management treated me over the phone.    I spoke with Tim on the phone at around 3 in the afternoon.  Tim was extremely rude and disrespectful to me.  He first lectured me on how the customers at the Optima were too demanding. He then told me that I should have requested to see a manager when I was unhappy not after the fact.  Then he began to get an attitude in his voice and kept asking me to repeat my experience (I felt that I was calm and matter of fact during the phone call, just relaying suggestions so I was surprised when he started to be rude to me).  I kindly reminded him that I was the customer and did not appreciated the way he was speaking to me.  I told him that many residents (of the condo complex) have been complaining about the food and service and that I really really just want the place to do well because the location is great!  He told me that he did not like my tone (which was nutural).  I thanked him for wasting my time, and told him that I would not return and neither would my friends.  He told me that he did not want me to return.  I have never, ever been treated this poorly!    I am not surprised that the wait staff is not properly trained if management lacks any management skills.    With customer service and managers like Tim, I'll be surprised if the place is still in business in August.
2 My girlfriends and I were looking for a place with good food and a good vibe.  The cab let us out and not 2min later we were running back to catch it.  There's a good chance we should have given it more of a try...  There were people that appeared to be in their late 60's flooding out of the restaurant. Now, I'm not saying there's anything wrong with that but a couple hot ladies looking to have some fun....not so much.  It looked pretty cute on the inside maybe it was someone's birthday or a celebration...  There's a possibility I'll go back one day, I may wait a few decades.  Unless someone convinces me otherwise. :)
3 Went out for a date here  - vegetarian/vegan friendly - 5 stars for the scenery. You can sit outside and look around -- beautiful - upscale trendy decor inside - Friendly, attentive staff - food is pretty and fresh, but flavor is hit and miss - bathroom is located down the courtyard (not in restaurant)  food: My date had an Indian-style chickpea dish with naan served over rice. It was mostly rice with a little chickpeas on top but it was all pretty bland. The naan were like crackers  I had a cup of tomato basil soup - too watery, too salty, and weirdly gritty. Definitely fresh though, so props for that.  Asian inspired cabbage salad with mandarin and avocado dressing. It was great, some bites were bitter for whatever reason, couldn't place it. If I came back here I would order it again. Very filling.  Crowd It's mostly older people/professionals. 30% filled on a Wednesday evening  Price $27 total for me and my date, no drinks  Overall  Nothing amazing, but better than some other places.
5 Big fan of Tom Jetland's (FEZ, Switch, etc) so when  Metropolis was announced  I was so excited!  And being that I am gluten free by disease I was readily accommodated by the entire staff.  The setting is very modern and sleek.  It's a nice intimate space with a good vibe.  I started off with a Platinum Cosmo. Little more expensive than I like to go but the quality was superb.  We started off with the Hummus appetizer, forgoing the bread with more veggies.  The hummus was a nice surprise with coriander in it.  The veggies were fresh and crisp and there was a good variety to choose from.  I had the Kolkata Chicken Curry.......and they subbed out the rice (which was seasoned with gluten) for the creamiest, most flavorful mashed potatoes I think I have ever had.  Now, normally, I would think curry over mashed potatoes a bit odd.......but this was a really good combination!  I really liked it.  The chickpea sauce with tomato was very well seasoned and full of chicken.   I want to try brunch next time and have either the Met Fit Frit....and egg white frittata or the Capitol Potato Bake.  But if you have food allergies just be upfront and the Chef will work with you!  I really like the outdoor patio sitting as well.  Very well done!
4 I am liking this place more and more.  The food is really good, drinks are inventive and service is great.    Definitely worth a visit!
1 I went here back in April with a friend who lives in the building. The décor seemed nice. We sat outside, and ordered dessert after eating at the roaring fork around the corner.  The waiter seemed to want to rush us to order our food. I got the bread pudding. The bread was way to soggy right of the bat. Almost as if it was soaking in another dish and then just put in mine. I maybe ate a third of it. The prices were a little high for such a small amount of food we got. After I pushed it off to the side the waiter pretty much brought our check without asking us if we wanted anything else.   It could be a very nice place if the service  and food quality was improved.
4 This place is far better than the previous restaurant, and the Eggs Benedict was the best I have ever had.
5 Those great minds--and combined skills--who brought Switch and FEZ to the Valley put their collective pots 'n' pans together (along with a kick-ass oven. More about that later) to bring another great restaurant to our growing metropolis of 4.3 million very hungry citizens called, appropriately enough, Metropolis.   Cozily nestled in the verdant courtyard of the glamtastic Scottsdale Optima, north of Scottsdale Fashion Square, you can march from Macy's to Metropolis in just four minutes. The jewelbox of a bistro is hip, sunny, and features fab artwork by co-owner Mark Howard's life partner, Rocco Meneguale.   Metropolis co-owner and culinary expert Tom Jetland worked with Chef Jason Arms to create the menu and specials. The comestibles focus on globally inspired cuisine with a variety of spices from around the world. Cohesively and thoughtfully prepared, nearly everything is cooked in a spectacular Combi Oven, a unique and healthier approach to food preparation with versatility in convection baking, grilling, roasting and more. It's amazing. Note that nothing is fried at Metropolis. Even their top-notch French fries are cooked in this oven.   Start you tastebud travels in the mystic Orient with the Met Lettuce Wraps (five for $10.95) Fill your romaine "cups" from the generous bowl of diced rosemary chicken, dried apple, strawberry and corn, shredded carrot, feta and almonds with a huckleberry vinaigrette. Tender, moist and luscious, there's no shortage of flavor.   Yum, yum! Gee, it's fun! Bangin' on a different drum! The Drum Tower Dumplings ($10.95) present six oh-so-ample, perfectly steamed shumai, amply stuffed with seasoned ground pork and shrimp, accompanied with a divine, citrusy, tangy ponzu sauce.   Navigate your palate toward the Mediterranean with one of their remarkable Pizzettes. The diminutive "-ette" at the end making their special flatbread pizza sound petite, tiny and delicate. Such is not the case. These lovely pies of flatbread are generously topped. Meat mavens will adore the Prosciutto ($9.95) heaped with the mouth-watering Parma ham, arugula, goat cheese, tomato and mushroom. The Huckleberry BBQ Chicken also has bacon, a hint of cilantro, cheddar cheese and onion. The zesty, sweet 'n' tangy barbeque sauce is perfectly balanced and doesn't overwhelm. Traditionalists will appreciate the Margherita. Each one is accompanied by a generous, creative and perfectly paired salad.  Ten globe-trotting entrées, like a French Ham Crêpe, Kolkata Chicken Curry, and the comforting Americana Pot Pie with your pick of fillings are among your choices. don't miss out on the Jade Honey Ginger Shrimp ($16.95) with honey and ginger seared shirmp over green garlic rice, sesame vegetables and toasted cashews with an amazing Asian Slaw.   The Arthur Avenue Pasta and Meatballs is exactly that: a large, steaming bowl of  pasta, tomato cream sauce, parmesan, basil and housemade meatballs served with foccacia or $13.95. You'll probably walk out with leftovers.   Need a small side? You'll have 14 to choose from to complement your dinner. You won't want to miss out on the housemade desserts, either. Made daily, hope that the magnificent, all-American Banana Chocolate Bread Pudding is available when you dine at Metropolis.   Sated with samplings of cross-continental, worldwide cuisine, you'll be ready to waddle back to the Mall. It just might take you eight minutes this time.  ### ionaz.com
5 This is a little hidden secret inside the Optima. The decor is classy and comfy. The staff is super nice and welcoming. The food is top. They have great happy hour specials, and could really fill the gap left by our usual place that closed.  The tacos were absolutely delicious and we had to fight over them. The hummus was great as well. Everything we had was a delight. All of the dishes here come camera ready and want to be instagram'd. The portions were perfect as well - we felt great after we left.   If you live within walking distance, they might even deliver to you - wouldn't hurt to call.
5 Amazing!  Fantastic!    I went with my two daughters for Sunday brunch.  I am a huge fan of SWITCH and FEZ and I have been wanting to give this place a try.  I wanted to try this awesome looking breakfast burrito - the Zona Rosa or the Capitol Potato Bake but nooooo, neither of my daughters would split it with me!  I couldn't eat it all on my own and we were going to the mall right after so I couldn't take the leftover with me.  Long story short, I ordered the Bagel Sandwich.  So did my girls, but they got it with bacon.   I pouted the whole time we were waiting for our food, trying to make my girls feel bad that they pushed me into a breakfast choice I really didn't want.  But then they came! Three bagel sandwiches!  They were beautiful!  My 13 year old daughter looked at her sandwich and said, "mom, there are bubbles on my bacon".  I looked and laughed and said, "yes dear, that bacon just came right out of the pan!"  I was impressed!  The bagel was cooked to perfection!  The eggs were not dry and the breakfast choice I didn't want was one of the best food experiences I have ever had!  No kidding!  I guess you should not underestimate the power of a bagel sandwich!  OK and now rating the other stuff - The wait staff were lovely and personable.  It was 11:00 AM and the place was filled.  You could tell there were a lot of regulars and lot's of people dropped by for take out and the staff knew all of them by name.  The whole atmosphere was warm and friendly!    A definite DO RETURN!   Thanks for restoring hope in my restaurant adventures!
5 Oh man oh man!  I have a new favorite place to eat in Scottsdale.  My husband and I are fans of Switch and Fez but we had never been to Metropolis before.  Since we were going to be in Scottsdale anyway we decided to check out the place.  This was in July 2013.   The restaurant is located on the first floor of the Camelview condominium complex off Highland.  The address says Rancho Vista but there is an entrance to the parking garage off Highland.    The restaurant area is modernly decorated  with dark wood tables contrasted with pops of color.    The staff were very very friendly.  Our waiter gave us a run down of the menu and pointed out several of his favorites.  I ended up ordering the Mykonos Salmon & Rice and my husband got the Sonoran Burger.    The chef happily substituted the peppers in my dish with mushrooms and carrots.  (I am not a fan of peppers.) The rice had a wonderful lemon flavor that gave the entire dish a wonderful freshness. The salmon was perfectly cooked. I really really really enjoyed it. I'm looking forward to going here again.
5 Super impressed with this tasty place at Optima Camelview!  It is tucked away within the condo complex, but worth scoping out.  Nice outdoor patio, amazingly friendly staff and super fresh and tasty food.  I tried the tomato soup and the caprese salad...yummy!  I will definitely be back!
4 We have ended up at Metropolis a few times while staying with my boyfriend's dad in the condo complex that surrounds it. I think we've done a brunch and a dinner here, and I must say the food is rock solid.   For brunch, we noshed on a giant breakfast burrito and the eggs benedict. The portions are hearty, but the food is of a higher quality - food you'd expect to be portioned in small sizes on an over sized place at a much fancier restaurant.   The decor inside is modern and sleek, but we sat outside both times on the patio. If the weather's nice, it's got great views of the lush greenery and pools of the complex.  Our servers were both fantastic. I think it helps that the BF's dad is a regular, but everyone seemed helpful all around. I've gotten coffee at the counter a few times too, and they're just a high class operation; they gave me a pourover for a simple cup of joe.   The only thing keeping me from 5 stars is the price factor. Might be the swanky location, or well known owners, but if I were dining solo, this might be a bit out of my range, especially for a cocktail. If you can swing it, try it - we loved both brunch or dinner.
3 Hidden Gem in Scottsdale. I was excited when I found this place that it was a sister restaurant to FEZ & Switch.  We went for Happy Hour & thought this place was awesome. I was a fan that their HH ends at 6:30pm (not at 6pm, which a lot do in Town), half off Met classic cocktails & selected appetizers.    But, we went back a few weeks ago and they change the HH menu and not all the Met cocktails were on HH anymore, which I'm now sure which are now.   I just know that the Tokyo Sidecar was not, but the Strawberry Basil Crush was when we got our bill.  We ended up having a more expensive HH then we thought and kinda put a bad taste in our mouth. We probably won't be back for HH. : (   They do have a good brunch deal, $20 for a bottle of Champagne and a crafe of OJ.  I like that fact that I get to make my own Mimosas, so I can determine how much Champagne and how much OJ I want.   They do have a cute Patio in the center of Camelview Optima Condos, which makes you feel that you are no longer in Scottsdale and somewhere relaxing.    Please Note  HH is $4 well, house wine and drafts | $5 cocktails | $6 select appetizers - I would double check with them to see what cocktail are on HH  Originally, I would of gave the 4 Stars, but after our last HH trip I gave them 3.
5 I've been to Metropolis about 50+ times because my office is located in Optima Camelview Village. They offer a healthy menu and their service is fast! I highly recommend to order a green tea with a chicken wrap - I substitute the BLTAC and make it wrap with no bacon. The Met Fit Frit is also one of my favorites for breakfast on the weekends, but I order without mushrooms. They recently added two large flat screen TV's to watch sports around the bar area too. The outdoor seating is really nice - it has umbrella's, outdoor music, and it's next to a lovely water feature. It's perfect for sunset or at night too. It reminds me of a luxury hotel patio. The patio is surrounded by lush plants and greenery - it makes you feel like you're not in Arizona! When you arrive they also have designated parking (Red Signs) for patrons and there is also valet! One reason I frequent so much is because they offer FREE WI-FI, carry out, and they even serve a Nutella protein shakes that is amazing! I'm not a big drinker, but the bar and happy hour selection is great too. I highly recommend Metropolis!
4 I have been wanting to try her for awhile! Happy Hour is amazing, I had a Strawberry Basil drink that was super yummy! I really enjoyed my food.  I wouldn't recommend siting outside unless you're okay with random dogs coming up to you because they are allowed to be on the patio and not everyone uses a leash.
4 Well I had a great experience at Metropolis and partially because going downstairs and yet be outside, it felt so far removed from Phoenix. We came a little too early because we were hungry, and we had quite the sampling of the Happy Hour appetizers before we felt it was time to order dinner.  The seating arrangement outside is very nice, and quite seasonal I am sure.. but this being beginning of October it was beautiful and with the sound of the water made it possible for very private conversation.  The food was nice, but not as impressed as some of the other restaurants that has sprung from the same people. The curry was ok, but served with a pita bread that put the dish to shame. But the appetizers was amazing, and the drinks were very very nice. This made for a very nice night, and I will definitely come back here..   Our servers were very attentive, and super friendly - which is something I do look for when going out for a bite.
5 Last weekend we met some of our friends that live in Phoenix for dinner. They suggested meeting at either FEZ or  Metropolis. I picked Metropolis just because the location seemed cool and I wanted to check out the Optima complex.  The outside seating is pretty cool. Something different to look at! The place was empty when we arrived and it was embarrassing that they actually made reservations since we were the only people there!  Our server was Riley and he was a cool dude.... friendly and just good at his job. We traveled for 5 days around AZ and ate out every meal. Riley was the best server we experienced during our trip. And not just because he is hot! He was a good server as well!  =)  Happy Hour drinks were $5.00.. bargain. Appetizers were also cheaper and a good bargain! I had the Chicken BLTAC which was large and tasty. The rest of the group also enjoyed their food as well.  It was kinda a bummer that the place was so empty! Maybe because the location is somewhat hard to find? Our local friends go to FEZ often and said that location is always busy. Hopefully more people get turned on to Metropolis and give it a shot.  I would definitely go back.
5 I work at optima, so not only is this restaurant convenient it's also DELICIOUS. Got an oriental salad with ahi tuna and BLTAC before, both amazing. Gotta go!
5 One of my favorite places.  I order take out and delivery quite a bit. I also love that the patio is dog friendly.    The meat balls are far and away the best thing.  The Arthur ash pasta and meatballs is even better. I had a peach smoothie that was really good as well.    Only thing is I wish they had a steak option or something. But overall it's awesome!
3 Well, every six months I try this place in hopes that it will get better.  Third times the charm.  They seem to be getting a little better.  I had the meatballs and procutto pizza to go.  Both were very good!  Price was kinda steep for the portion size.  Staff was much friendlier and they had my order ready in under 15 minutes.  Will try again soon and keep my fingers crossed!
4 So we couldn't find a place for dinner And after driving up and down Sdale road We remembered that Fez had just opened up a new restaurant in the Optima condo  There is complimentary valet on the south side  The restaurant itself is on the North side   The restaurant itself is pretty small Amy was a wonderful hostess/server She kept our drinks filled and checked on us periodically  We got the Hummas for a starter, even though I had wanted to get the cheese board... Because I was having wine...  But the Hummas was really good and it came with some veggies    I had the house wine, because I'm always up for trying new wines and I have to say; the house wine was good    For my main dish I chose the Jade Honey Ginger Shrimp, I was split between this and the burger... Next time burger... But this dish was actually really good! It went well with my wine... The veggies were really good and the shrimp was really good. I do wish they gave more shrimp... But it was good...   It also came with a house salad... And the dressing was excellent...  We will for sure be back
5 This place was great! I really loved the atmosphere, food, customer service, everything!  I came here for lunch with some friends of mine. The first thing that I loved about it was their outdoor patio. You get to sit right next to a little water fountain, plus it was perfect weather. We came for lunch so we ordered the hummus, wasabi cut fries, and a Sonoran burger. Now I'm not a big fan of wasabi so to hear that they had wasabi fries I didn't really know what to expect. Plus I'm a total wuss when it comes to spicy food. But this was really good and it had a kick to it! My burger was perfect and I loved the sauce that it came with.  For drinks, I ordered the Strawberry Basil Crush and my friend ordered a Cosmo. My drink was very refreshing, I loved it! Beware of the Cosmo! It was strong as hell! You definitely get your money's worth with that drink. lol.   Everything was just spectacular here. I can't wait to come back to try the other items and to try out their happy hour as well. =)
5 Great place!! Went on a Wednesday night, they have happy hour all night. The patio was an excellent atmosphere and dog friendly! They even brought out a bowl of water. Food was all delicious. Definitely will be back. Highly recommended.
4 The meatballs, oh the meatballs. I can't even explain how amazing they are. Mac n cheese...not so much. Had almost a wine or vinegar flavor. Burger was decent and HORRIBLE ranch dressing. The 4 star was for the meatballs and hopes that their meals are more along the same line. Will come again for a dinner or brunch.
4 I come to metropolis often. My boyfriend lives upstairs and when he likes something...he could eat it for every meal.  I love the outdoor seating, although it's getting almost too hot for that, but the inside is nice, it can just be loud when there are too many people, however there is a back room that kindof goes unnoticed which I'm sure is more quiet.  The waitstaff are all friendly and fun to talk to.  Annnnd the food, of course the best part, is pretty good too. I've tried a large portion of their menu, or so it feels. I have been disappointed only by a few things. The chef, Jason? Does a really good job with the food. He takes favorites but adds small twists on them to make them unique and more flavorful. I wasn't thrilled with the amount of pepper in the Mac, the marinara, their (regular) caesar is iffy, and their burrito was decent. I'm a sauce queen, so my boyfriend says, and their salsa seemed overcooked, so that could be day to day. Otherwise, I've never been disappointed by a meal. I enjoy their cocktails, good happy hour prices. They have a bar menu they don't put out, five bucks, good. They also have different flavors for seasoning their fries which isn't very well known.  If you're in the area it's definitely worth a try. Try a sandwich...they are delightful.
3 I decide to go to Metropolis today for a brunch date with a fellow future mom and I have to say I enjoyed it.   It was a little difficult to find and I had non idea where to park. It seems like it's located at the bottom level of a hotel or condo or business district. I donno. But the restaurant front faces a cute little sitting area with a little fountain. Very relaxing.  I'm currently on a pretty strict diet (due to recent oral surgery and also because I'm trying to get fit) and can't have a lot of things, but I had some options to choose from.   I ordered the strawberry/blueberry protein shake with a scoop of whey-- so cool that they serve that. It was very good.   I also ordered the half hummus plate and the Met Fit Frit which is an egg white fritter with veggies and chicken breast. The hummus was great, I could eat it with a spoon. I can't really judge the frit appropriately since I didn't eat it there. I got it to go and ate it hours later as my afternoon meal. It was ok. I'm sure it would have been better fresh out the kitchen. Kinda bland in taste and rather small for $9 -- about the size of a teacup dish.   My gf ordered French toast. She said it was really good it, but she was confused as I believe the menu stated they were some kind of berry sauce French toast and it simply came with maple syrup. No berry sauce or anything.   I would return here for another brunch, but Probably not right away. Maybe next time I will eat my Fit Frit fresh!
5 This is a hidden gem in Scottsdale.   I had the street tacos and they were amazing.  Special sauce with them had a nice kick to it and we will definitely return!
5 Loved it! I ate there last night. Tried the pasta and meatballs, which was amazing, and I already can't wait to go back and try some of the other stuff on their menu.
5 This restaurant is at a really neat location close to the Fifth Avenue Shopping District in Old Town. The drinks were great and the food was even better! I got the curry and it was excellent. I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu. I had a really difficult time choosing what to get because it all sounded so delicious. The owner, Ryan, was welcoming and warm. I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a great time and a great meal!
5 I love this place. I have reviewed it before and I stand by what I said, for the time being. However the increase in a star is due to personnel.  A new owner is upon us and he is fabulous. I am so excited to see what he does with this place. He has new ideas, is going through the menu one by one making improvements and is buying all fresh food.  I appreciate both his ideas and his willingness to be present in his own company to make it work. If you have ever been here and had a bad experience I recommend trying it again. If you didn't like the food, give it a few months as they improve...but the food is petty awesome to start with!
5 Metropolis is amazing! The food, service and atmosphere is to die for! I would highly recommend the Mac and Cheese. The outside patio is very comfortable (even for summer) with cool misters. I will definitely be making a few more visits to Metropolis to try many more things on the menu!
