2 This restaurant was disappointing..  The place is new and looked OK but lacked ambiance.  The help was courteous but seemed inexperienced.  The steak was sub-par in tenderness and very diffcult on the digestive system.  VERY spicy.  I like spicy food but this steak went over the top to the point of making one nauseous.  Both husbands felt the same way.  One of the wives had a lobster and she thought it one of the best from a steakhouse chain.  The other wife had a chicken salad which we also very good.  Maybe I'll go back for the lobster but never for steak.
5 This place I have been hoping and waiting for since I started seening their commercials on TV, now that they are here they are my new regular place to go, my parents are coming into town this weekend from California and they want to go as they have seen the commercials in California too. So we are going to dinner tonight.
4 Went in for lunch today.  Greeted & seated promptly.  The service was very attentive, quick to take drink orders & ready for the food order when we were.  I had a burger...with bacon & the 7 pepper spice.  Our waiter offered to bring bread to the table while we waited for the food.   The burger arrived quickly & was very good.  Nice spice with a little kick.  The fries were also good and plentiful!   The only 'complaint' was I ordered it medium & there wasn't a hint of pink inside of it, but there are worse things in the world.  Definitely will be back to try some other options.
5 Erica our server was very awesome and attentive. She is so far the only waitress we have ever had that was able to keep up with my husbands water intake. The manager walked around to the tables and really talked and cared about what the people had to say. We got their 2 for 25 deal with calamari, sirloin with mashed potatoes, Parmesan chicken with Mac and cheese and the apple goldrush for dessert. Everything was outstanding! The steak was prepared correctly and extremely tender for a sirloin. Just a warning everything is pretty salty which I like but maybe you don't.
5 My wife and I have a date night every week just us no kid and its our time...So we try to pick a place that we have never been too, Longhorn just opened 6 weeks ago.  We got the 2 fer meal for 26$ and upgraded our steaks to Flo's Filet for an extra 6 bucks each. Let me tell you it was totally worth it!  Our steaks were perfectly cooked, we got them the same Med rare! Wife got the garlic mashed potatoes and I got the sweet potato tots...yum!  The service was perfect, Tracy our waiter was on it and was not pushy and took great of us. I was so impressed that I asked for the manager and told him what great food and service we received!  All in all if you like steak check this place out!
4 I have yet to dine at this location but I did pay them a visit when they first opened since once again this restaurant is within walking distance of my apartment. I checked out the dine in and carry out menus and the prices are very reasonable. The Ambience is pretty nice......although it is bit dark even during the daytime. The hostess' seem very nice and the service is appears to be good as well. I will update this review very soon as I will be dining there over the next week or so.....until then Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5 Date night here also. Went for the "2 for" dinner. It was awesome! Hot bread.  Calamari and red pepper were awesome! Sirloin steak cooked to perfection. My wife fell in love with the Parmesan crusted chicken. Service A++++. The Caesar was lacking croutons - probably my only gripe. But that didn't take away from the dinner at all,
4 Celebrated a birthday here this weekend & were all very impressed with the delicious food, generous portions (**Special deal 2 for $25**) and friendly service!  We got a perfect "round" table for 8 in the back..it was so nice to be able to see & talk with everyone. We shared all the delicious appetizers... like the Spinach Dip with chips..it was VERY cheeesy.. Sweet Potato bites & Texas Toasted Onions  Everyone had Steaks prepared perfectly..but I had to be DIFFERENT!  & got the "Parmesan Crusted Chicken"  ( I know..I know..  at a 'STEAK' house???) But it was absolutely delicious & so was the buttery Cinnamon sugar "SWEET potato"!  and..the sweetest ending to our delicious FEAST.. a HUGE, towering double "CHOCOLATE STAMPEDE" !!! Which was 2 HUGE pieces of 6 layered Chocolate Mousse Cake with 2 big scoops of vanilla Ice Cream...enough to share with the whole table..but they had all ordered their own treats..like the  Bananas Foster Sundae, the SMORES Brownie and the fresh-baked Caramel Apple Pie...all delicious!  Looks like we found a favorite place to celebrate Birthdays!! :) We all left STUFFED & satisfied with smiles :)
1 We went for Sunday lunch based on reports that they had a good lunch menu.  When we got there we discovered that you can only order from their dinner menu Sundays. The good news is that the staff is very friendly. Otherwise, the meal was a disaster.  The food came out faster than an automatic rifle. The t'onions consisted of a flavorless, cloche coating with a very tiny piece of onion. The salad was way over dressed. The sirloin was so heavily seasoned with a spicy coating that after three bites we couldn't eat anymore. it was better suited for a fajita!  The baked potato was delicious however. Thanks to the manager for taking care of the meal for us but it didn't change the experience. Hope they can manage the kitchen a little better.   We came because we wanted to go to somewhere different-  I guess that's what we got!
3 I tried the Longhorn Steakhouse for the first time recently and had a very uneven experience. Being a steakhouse you would think the steaks would be their strong point, but instead it was their weakness.  First off I will say the service was excellent. Very attentive waiter, the manager came by to check on us (although he did so before we got our food) and the hostess was very nice and accommodating as well.  For an appetizer we had the Wild West Shrimp. It was stellar! Deep fried popcorn shrimp with sliced banana peppers and garlic served with homemade ranch dressing. Definitely the highlight of the meal!  My dinner came with a salad that was nothing special, but definitely not bad. I wasn't there for a side salad though and it was perfectly acceptable.  For dinner I ordered the bacon wrapped filet and asked for it to be cooked medium. It came medium rare, bordering on rare. It was also the second worst cut of filet that I have ever had (the worst coming on a cruise ship). It was chewy and had two big strings of gristle.   For dessert I had the s'mores brownie which was very good.  So basically, go there for appetizers and dessert and skip the steak.  Oh, but they do make their own steak sauce at your table that was quite good. Too bad the steak sucked.
3 Saw this place driving by and decided to go in for a bite.  Had to wait a little bit for a table so went to visit the bar.  Bartender was attentive at first and then disappeared.  Come to find that he was waiting on tables around the bar area... NOT A GOOD IDEA MANAGEMENT!  We almost walked out... A Bar should always be tended to...  People shouldnt have to wait 10 mins just to order a drink.  By the time he returned behind the bar, he poured our drinks and we had to close our bar tab because our table was ready... great that the wait wasnt that long but it was a disappointment that it was a frustrating wait because I couldn't get a friggin drink while I was waiting.  Now on to food...  steakhouse.. ordered steak.  Filet was cooked perfect and was tasty too. $18.99 for 7oz, $21.99 for 9oz, served with a side, salad and unlimited honey wheat rolls. Hubby got Outlaw ribeye $22.49 18oz.  We also tried the Firecracker chicken wraps.  Very yummy...  $8.49 Spicy grilled chicken and cheese wrapped in a crispy flour tortilla, served with a cool Avocado-Lime dipping sauce.  I myself prefer Texas Roadhouse... I think prices are comparable but food and service is just a little bit better at TR than here.
5 Longhorn opened early this year and barely this week we decided to try them. I had not seen any good offer and I was not about to try them for the first time at full price. I also like to support the local business that make an effort to 'encourage' me and support the USPS : ) Anyway, I got a free appetizer offer and I thought that was good enough.  We went there on mother's day and timed it just perfectly right after lunch, just before dinner rush. We sere seated in less than a minute.  Our server (Kevin I think) was very friendly and helpful. Based on his recommendations I ordered the Outlaw Ribeye and hubby got the Flo's filet.  For appetizer we had the Firecracker Chicken Wraps, well, my husband did, I am doing low carb and I only had a small bite, and the garnish (lettuce and tomato)  I had the house salad with blue cheese and string green beans. The salad was crisp and fresh, and the green beans looked a little dull, like overcooked, but they were in fact crisp and tasty.  Usually I go for medium well but I ordered medium this time. And the steak was just perfect.  Hubby ordered medium too but it was almost well done. Anyway, we mentioned to our server and he offered to get us a new one but hubby said he was OK.  So, why the 5 stars, you may wonder? because even though we said we were OK, a manager came to our table, offered a second filet, which we did decline, and then gave us an incentive to come back soon. (which is the opposite of what just happened to us today at Outback, will write review soon).  So bottom line, we will be back soon and hopefully I will have a second portion of the best ribeye I've ever had : )
5 First time to Longhorn. Employees are all very friendly and efficient. DW had prime rib and said it was wonderful. Good taste and very tender. I had ribs and they were good as well.  Prices are very reasonable.
3 This is definitely a Darden restaurant. Much like Olive Garden and Red Lobster, you know walking in exactly what you're going to get. The bread is fresh, warm and tasty. The salad is fresh, cold and crisp. The entrees are the Central Casting version of what they should be. Nothing we had was bad, the steaks were cooked to the desired temp and were perfectly mediocre. The decor was Texas steakhouse appropriate in the same way Olive Garden is stereotypical Italian appropriate and Red Lobster is stereotypical seafood appropriate. There was nothing at all wrong with being there - but I'd rather have a less "scientifically proven" chain and a better steak. At least the beer was cold and frosty. That makes a big difference on a Phoenix summer day, and that alone is the reason for the third star.
5 We went on a Friday evening and had a very enjoyable experience. The hostess was attentive and the bartender(Lindsay) was so much fun that we decided to eat..and drink at the bar. My companion had the jumbo fried shrimp and I had the Outlaw Ribeye. This was the best steak I have had in many years in Phx. The shrimp could have been "more" jumbo but were very good. Overall very enjoyable and a good value for the $. we will go back soon.
3 This was my first visit to this brand location and my first visit to this brand since to moving to AZ from OH.  I only hope that the service recieved on this visit was a fluke and not what can be expected in the future.  Our server wasn't that attentative to our table and had to be hailed more than once.
4 My hubby and I had such a wonderful experience. It was a much needed date night and I was craving a steak. Long Horn did not disappoint.  I had the Flat Iron Steak with the Stuffed Portobello mushroom, and I am so happy I did.  The steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly.
1 After a truly horrendous experience at a Longhorn Steakhouse in Florida 8 months ago we finally got up the nerve to try the new location by Paradise Valley Mall.  It started out promising and I was optimistic this would be a better experience.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive, brought our drinks out in a timely manner, took our order, got our salads out quickly.  From there things went downhill.  We had ordered an appetizer.  After the salads we sat there and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Our entrees arrived via the manager.  He asked if we needed anything else.  I told him we were still waiting on our appetizer.  He said he would put in the order for us (apparently our waitress had forgotten) and would make sure it got taken off the bill.  We had a coupon for a free appetizer anyway but the gesture was nice.  My meal of pork chops and mashed potatoes was extra greasy and drenched in butter.  My husband did not finish his steak or baked sweet potato.  Our appetizer of parmesan crusted asparagus was by far the highlight of the meal.  After we finished eating we sat there and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Our waitress started to hurry by us about 20 minutes later and we had to ASK her for the check.  It was a very disappointing experience and nothing about it would entice me to eat at a Longhorn Steakhouse again.
5 What? I had only reviewed Longhorn once? well, we have been back at least 4 times... Last time for dinner on a Friday night.  There was quite of a wait.. I didn't time it but they said 20-25 and I think it was more like 30-35. Luckily we were not there just sitting, we went for a walk around the parking lot, then we sat on one of the benches outside.  Our server Amber was amazing, she was very helpful and accommodating, with a great attitude. Hubby had the ribs, ranch green salad, baked potato and iced tea. Everything was really good, the ribs in fact fall off the bone. I had the Outlaw ribeye... that seems to be the only thing I ever have... (well, once we had the porterhouse for 2).. but again, who I am kidding? I browse the menu an almost always go for the Outlaw.  To drink I had ordered water, but then I noticed the cucumber mint lemonade and ordered that as well. It was really good. It tasted kind of funny at first but then loved it, and I had like 4 glasses  :( Too bad because I didn't have much room for my food. I didn't even finish my salad (that never happens!) Then, I was hesitant about the side because I like the string green beans, but also wanted to try the Brussel sprouts, I tried to cook them once at home and they were terrible... and while I was sure it was my fault, I was still afraid I would not like them... well, Amber understood my concern and encouraged me to get them, offering to replace them if I didn't like them... Way to go! I loved them... the have some creamy sauce, cheese, and bacon... what is not to like? I had like half of those too, and like a 3rd of my Outlaw... stuffed! no room for dessert : )
5 OK, back to Longhorn this week... OK, Outlaw Ribeye again : ) This time with string green beans... so turns out I love them and I didn't know until earlier this year, I think. I had the cucumber mint lemonade again... the first glass was... just like plain lemonade to me, our server though assured me it was the cucumber mint : ( But it was way too sweet for me, so I asked for water instead. Then she showed up with a glass of cucumber mint that was the real thing... so I am a happy customer again, but they were close to loosing me with this 'incident', lol...  Hubby had the Osso Buco and he liked it very much. Very tender, fell  of the bone probably easier than the ribs : ) he also got the sweet potato but with just butter (no sugar)... that sweet potato was awesome!
4 The filet was good but the salmon was better! Surprising for a steakhouse. Kind of pricey but will probably return in the future.
5 I had a great steak, baked potato,  salad. Joe, our waiter was great. All the bad reviews are wrong, this place is great! Outlaw Ribeye was the suggestion he made, and our whole party had it. They have a macaroni and cheese dish that is really good.
4 This is the first time I've eaten here. We had a gift card and thought we'd try it out.  It's really nice inside, clean, and the atmosphere is good. It can be for a date, business meeting, family dinner or celebration.  We got the pretzel sticks with the beer cheese for an app and it was super tasty! Our waiter Todd was really nice and really attentive. He exemplified great service! We ordered our steak medium and it came more like well done so we sent it back and they made us a new one really quickly and it was flavorful and delicious (they also comp'ed it from the tab which was incredibly surprising, unexpected). The portions are a good size, enough for us to share.  We ordered dessert but were too full to eat it and took it to go.  Overall positive experience. Definitely will return.
3 For the past three visit, I was very happy with the steak I had. Great flavor, just cooked well.   I thought I would try something else. My salmon wasn't too bad but I couldn't feel the same way as I felt for steak. Should have stayed with the same steak I always ordered.  My daughter ordered kids meal cheeseburger, they used processed American cheese. I didn't think to ask before ordering, they exchanged it to a simple salad for her.   This is a steak restaurant, their steak is awesome! But just steak.
2 ok..this is a new place...Darden Restaurant It has a pleasant environment and a nice southwestern flair. The server we had was a tolal loss..spaced out guy. That was not a good start. The food...meh...rainbow trout...pretty good. green beans prepared ok.  Filet was small...Thin...baked potato was not thoroughly baked and "loaded' ..?? not really...bread had no taste and the salad was over dressed...  This restaurant concept seems to be competing for business with "Outback" ..I think Outback has them beat by a mile as their steaks , sides and service is much better. sorry...cannot go back or recommend this steakhouse.
4 This is our new spot where my husband will be regulars.  We tried this place on a whim one random date night and have been back 4x since. They are a chain but we appreciate the consistency that comes with that.   I have the strawberry lemonade, the porterhouse (always cooked correctly and with a delicious seasoning) and either the baked potato or sweet potato. Comes with side salad (amazing ranch dressing & homemade croutons). Every time it's great.   My husband has tried the ribs, prime rib, filet, surf & turf. He says they're all very good.   The finishing touch is always the AMAZING chocolate stampede dessert.   Always great service, great food and we'll continue to come back.
2 Longhorn is another one of those chain restaurants that is hit or miss depending on the location and the time of day you eat.  This particular day I went for lunch. I unfortunately ordered the macaroni and cheese... It was an over seasoned disaster.  Need hamburger for the kids was also very underwhelming. The melted cheese smelled so bad we had to return it.  The lunch options are not great... Dinner in the past has been better at Longhorn for me. What they're lacking is quality and consistency on a regular basis.  I think outback is a better choice
1 What a cow! Worst service with uninspired food. Our server was trying to take our order while 4 of us had to share 1 menu. Then when dinner was completed our dirty plates were never removed as we tried to conduct an on going business conversation. Finally I called the restaurant to get someone's attention to please come clear the table thank you very much. Idiots! No need to go back to this sleazy place.
2 We really wanted to like this place as an alternative to Outback from time to time but after three visits I am afraid I will just stick with Outback.  The menus are similar but the prices are higher at Longhorn and the food is not very good.  Outbacks wine list is very varied, whereas, Longhorn has a very limited wine list.  On our last visit my husband ordered the sirloin steak which was overdone and tough.  His Caesar salad consisted of wimpy lettuce -- awful.  I had the prime rib sandwich and it was almost too salty to eat but the baked potato was good.  Our son had the prime rib which he said did not have much flavor and did not come with au jus (never had that before with prime rib).  Our server was attentive but the service was slow.  There were alot of diners there that night.  After three disappointing meals we are done with Longhorn.
4 We are regulars at the Longhorn steakhouse because the food is tasty, the selection is good, and the service is very attentive. We like the luncheon specials, plus they frequently have coupons for dessert and appetizers. Had dinner, and the ribs and the trout were outstanding.
2 Went on a Saturday night so we knew there would be a wait. We were told 35-40 minutes, when in reality it was over an hour. Once seated (after we had to wait again to have the table cleaned up)  we ordered the firecracker chicken app which was good. We each ordered filet's, salads and potato. My filet was very salty and charred. After telling the waitress about a coupon for a free app she still charged us and had to spend 10 minutes voiding it. We spent over two hours here and am not sure we will be back.
5 Longhorn Steakhouse is awesome!  It seemed quite busy when we were there, but the food was phenomenal and the wait staff was great.  I had the white cheddar and bacon stuffed filet, which I prefer well done.  Not only was it done to perfection, but still tender, which many places cannot accomplish.    Great steaks and highly recommended!
5 I can't remember the last time I tried This chain because generally I don't gravitate to chains. A friend suggested meeting here for dinner so I complied. What a pleasant surprise it turned out to be! The service was top notch and the food  turned out to be quite good for a moderate price steakhouse. We shared a great appetizer of stuffed mushrooms. Very tasty! While the bread and salad were average the stuffed filet was cooked perfectly and was tender and tasty and seasoned!! Very important for a great steak.  I was very pleased overall with the meal and the price and wouldn't hesitate to return to this chain or location!
2 I've been here twice for lunch now, and have yet to order a steak.  I like to see what else they can do before getting to the signature dishes.  The first time, I had a Philly-cheese steak style sandwich with fries.  It was decent and the price was not bad.  More recently, I came in to have lunch again with the family.  Waiter must have thought he was joining us as all his questions were preceded with phrases like "What will we be ordering today"  "Are we having drinks and appetizers" and whatnot and nonesuch.  This approach to service shouts amateur to me.  Servers, please take note, DON'T do this, it is offensive.  So anyway, "we" proceeded to placing our order.  I had a cheeseburger and requested Med-Rare, the only temp a burger should be cooked to.  Waiter says "we" cannot do that, the best "we" can do is med-well.  I asked why, if you can cook a steak rare, why not a burger?  He launched into a long-winded explanation about USDA regulations and food preparation and something about in-house and other places that can do it and my eyes glazed over about ten seconds into his explanation.  Pro Tip - Just say you cannot do it and let it go at that, I'm not an idiot and I really don't care for your explanations.  Note for management - if you cannot make a burger medium-rare, that is a HUGE red-flag for me.  It says to me either your establishment is unsanitary, or you purchase low-grade beef from untrustworthy sources.  Anyway, (rant over), the medium-well burger was just okay, since it was overcooked, it was dry and tough.  The fries that came with it were limp and tasteless.  Will I be back to try the steaks?  I don't think so.
