5 If you want a "real" barber shop experience this is the place to go. Darryl will not only give you the best haircut you've ever had, he will chat with you about anything and everything. Darryl is a local business owner who gives back to the community he lives in, supporting other local businesses, sponsoring teams, and appears at charity event as part of the World Famous Dancing Dads! This guy does it all! My husband, sons, and friends have never looked better or go anywhere else for a haircut. Check out SNIP you will not be sorry!
5 It's what a barber shop should be.  An amazing barber, a open and welcoming atmosphere.  I go there, my old roomie goes there, my sisters kids go there.  My sister who is going through breast cancer went there to have Darryl remove what little hair she had left on her head and took care of her.  She said she should have done it sooner cause she hasn't felt that good in a long time.  No matter what if your having a bad day, Darryl will try and make it better even if you just need an ear while getting a haircut or a trim.  If he can help you he will.
5 I now live in Seattle and have my own barber up here, but I sure miss Darryl.  I went to Darryl at his old place in Avondale and then followed him over to his shop in Glendale.  Darryl has a great space, does some really old school touches and has a great personality to go along with a great cut at an awesome price.  He spends a nice amount of time making sure my crew is tight and my fade is smooth.  I also appreciate the hot towel and straight edge shave on the back of my neck topped off with a massage!  I know his new thing for the hot AZ summers is an ice shampoo which sounds devine.  When I vacationed in AZ last April, I made sure I went in and got a great haircut (even though I wasn't really due).  I will make sure I see him anytime I'm in the area in the future.  Seattle needs you, just sayin'!
5 I spent 2 years looking for a barber who could give me the cut I wanted and my hair kept getting so jacked up that I was about to cut it myself! A quick explanation of what I wanted, and Darryl was like "No problem, I got you covered."  His immediate confidence had me a bit skeptical, but dude NAILED IT. My head has not felt or looked this good in two years,  and Darryl is super cool and laid back. I have a new barber now and I ain't going anywhere else!
5 I've been coming here since 2006. No better place to get a haircut and relax in the west valley.  Snip is a no frills "man" destination. Get a great cut by a great barber in a great place talking about anything from politics to UFC. He may be a steelers fan but he's so good I don't count that against him.
5 Darryl is among the best. This location is actually in Darrel's house (he lives upstairs while the shop is downstairs). My daughter enjoyed playing with his very friendly dog. As for the cut, I couldn't be happier. He asked how I usually wear it, and made some special cuts to match my style. He used a straight razor (it was a brand new razor) on the neck and sides. He finished it off with a message. All of that cost $15. Amazing.
5 Just got my cut on ,great job Darryl looking forward to that shave and next cut .. simply the best.
5 Great cut, clean place, good price and awesome barber.  Impressed with the speed of cut, accurate and awesome touch with new straight razor for neck.
5 Welcoming, clean and professional. With knowledge of the latest, popular cuts. I'd highly recommend trying this place out at least once!
