5 Straight into my top 5 restaurants in Edinburgh, despite there not being any sign of a red meat main course. Firstly, the decor is great, subtle, dark and warming. We counted 22 seats, but any more would be crammed, probably half full at 8pm on a Saturday night. We got a nice table in te corner, the best table by the window was already occupied by some young lovers, who were smiling from ear to ear.  Menu was on the simple side, but inviting with plenty of options, we had the smoked salmon and the mackarel terrine, both dishes were fantastic - but the terrine was a game changer, such depth of flavour it was amazing. FYI we got a bottle of Prosecco also (£20) and it was smooth and creamy.  Main courses, we ordered the chorizo burger and the fish pie, the chorizo being all I had hoped for, with peppercorn sauce on the side and sweet potato home fries... Amazing!  Cheese and Eton mess for dessert, nespresso coffee and we couldn't fault it a bit... Get in there now before they are queuing out the door - 5 out of 5!
5 Opening in a quiet way, on a side street I don't often walk by, I had heard of Field through the two previous 5-star Yelp reviews. After giving the menu a peruse online, I couldn't wait to try it.  I really like the simplicty of the name: Field. From that, so much can be deduced. From Field to plate. As they say on their website, their aim is to showcase the best of local, Scottish produce and serve it in simple but beautiful ways.   I went for lunch on a Lunch Quest with Blythe R, Katey L and Blythe's friend. Between the four of us we tried several different dishes. They have a fantastic deal on lunch: £11.50 for two courses. I, accidentally, didn't realise that it was only asterixed items on the menu, so didn't get this deal in the end. But if you follow it, it's fantastic value.  I rarely start with soup, but the apple and celeriac soup sounded so good I had to have it. And in Blythe R's accompany (the Soup King of Edinburgh) I felt I should go the soup route. I'm so glad I did. With a walnut on top, I could taste both walnut and apple very strongly, but not overpoweringly, in the soup. And it had such a nice, light texture more like a velouté - well, half way between a foamy, airy velouté and a hearty soup. It was at once filling, and rich in flavour, but also delicate on the palate and light enough I could manage it all and (half) my main.  My grilled salmon fillet with potato croquettes and peppers? Divine. Absolutely divine. On my first mouthful I felt like I'd been transported to sitting on a mediteranean beach-front restaurant, eating freshly caught fish, grilled in the mediteranean fashion on a sun-soaked summer holiday. All of that feeling and memories from one mouthful. It was beautifully fresh fish, cooked perfectly with that nice grilled taste. My only regret was that there weren't more potato croquettes with it. Given that Blythe's hake came with a big stack of chunky chips, my salmon fillet had a modest 3 potato croquettes which were on the small side themselves. But I'm just being greedy.  I didn't have dessert, but was sorely tempted by the baked pineapple with gingerbread. That is my sort of dessert. Fruity, but with some rich, gingery, cakey goodness.   I have already decided to come back here, and am already torn between the maple-glazed duck as a main, or the hake which came with ratotouille (favourite) and whether to have a dessert or another starter. Hmmm.  The restaurant itself was perfect for a mid-week lunch. A sunny day, the room small room as lit up with outside light. The music was perfect (background jazz-type music). I've been in several fine dining restaurants recently where the music was odd and set a strange vibe. So I did notice a very nice ambience created by the soundtrack. It was full at lunch time with laid back lunchers like us.   I can't wait to go back, and do hope it stays popular yet not overly packed in a 'so hot right now' way. I can see Field going from strength to strength and can't wait to see what next season will bring on the menu.
5 As Jenny L. has already said, we had a quite spectacularly enjoyable visit to Field, a couple of weeks ago. Truly, it's a wonderful new addition to our varied and delectable Edinburgh dining scene. It offers excellent, well thought out and executed dishes, for a very reasonable price. Go soon and go often, to enjoy their seasonally changing menu.  Overall, we said: "I found Field to be an extremely high-quality establishment. The really pleasing thing is that while our visit, today, was filled with excellence, from start to finish, this felt like a comfortable level of class from which stellar brilliance can develop. I'm confident that Field can grow to become one of Edinburgh's premier dining spots. Certainly, I'll be back for another visit soon, as I was highly impressed by their soup, their service, and the general ambience of jocular suavity that permeated the place."
4 WHEN YOU THINK of the name Field, you think of grassy pastures, hills and fresh air.  Field's mission statement is to take the concepts of Michelin dining and turn it into a relaxed affair and that's a breath of fresh air indeed.  Opening in January of this year, the restaurant is run by an ambitious team who have taken their experiences from several notable establishments and put their own spin on fine dining.  Chef Gordon Craig for example, has worked at the Roux family's Waterside Inn, the Michelin starred Peat Inn and the Plumed Horse, while Maître D' Richard Conway worked at the later as restaurant manager.  My partner Sarah couldn't manage to this one, so I invited my brother Chris instead and he kindly added some professional photography skills to my humble blog.   Richard greeted us warmly when we arrived  and we admired the freshness and feel of the dining area as the sunshine beamed through the windows.   Instantly relaxed, you could tell there was going to be no pretention about Field and the giant cow picture brought both a talking point and a statement about the ethos of the restaurant.  Our menus came playfully in a luminous green picture frames and offered an intriguing mix of seasonal dishes.    As we awaited our order, we tucked into some delicious homemade sun dried tomato bread.  Always pleasing to see bread being made in house.  Chris opted for the asparagus, poached egg, parmesan crisp and pickled shimeji (£5.95), while I went for beetroot cured Scottish salmon, citrus crème fraiche, raisin and caper compote, pickled peppers and crispy crab ball (£5.25).  My starter was the perfect choice for a summery day: fresh, clean, light and zingy, it utilised the colours on the plate well and showed off some good quality ingredients.  The salmon was wonderfully tender and paired well with the bite of the pickled peppers. The citrus of the crème fraiche and flavours of the compote really excited the palette. The crab ball was crisp and had a pleasant note of dill through it, which I really liked.  Chris's asparagus came nicely chargrilled and still had suitable bite to it.  He burst the egg yolk to release a rich and velvety liquid centre that complimented the asparagus. The pickled mushroom gave a good contrast to the plate too, while the sauce brought it together.   This dish was simple yet effective and the chef really allows the ingredients to do the talking.  I'm a man who really enjoys a good burger and after a fellow blogger recommended Field's chorizo burger (£9.95)  earlier in the week, my mind was already made up on my main course.  Moist and tasty, the burger didn't disappoint.  It was a tad pink in places, which would probably put a few people off but I like my meat that way and gladly polished it off.  The sweet potato chips were very earthy and without a hint of grease on them.     However, the spicy mayo could have done with a bit more oomph for me.  Enjoying his first Phil's Food World outing, Chris went for the pan friend hake with creamed sweetcorn, avocado, chorizo and chunky chips (£11.95).   The hake was very fresh and the flesh inside soft and flaky but we felt the skin could have been crisper.  Chris enjoyed the creamed sweetcorn in particular, as it partnered the fish superbly and was well seasoned and vibrant.     You could tell the perfectly uniform manner in which the chorizo and avocado had been cut that this is a chef that cares what comes out of his kitchen.  Chris's generous portion of chips was equally as good as mine, which shows a good level of consistency and they dipped nicely into the creamed corn too!  So, to the third and final course and I went for coconut panna cotta with roasted pineapple and creamed gingerbread (£4.95) with Chris selecting peach tart tatin with Birds custard ice cream (£5.50).  The panna cotta was just set and no more and tasted pleasant.  The coconut on the outside added texture and enhanced the coconut taste of the mild set cream.  The pineapple in this Caribbean inspired dish worked with the coconut but could have been roasted a little more to add another dimension of flavour.  Unfortunately, I didn't really get anything from the gingerbread cream element.  Chris ordered peach tart tatin with Birds custard ice cream and was impressed with the way the home-made ice cream balanced out the sharpness of syrup. The tart itself was very tasty and the pastry was expertly cooked. The ice cream was certainly a notable highlight of this pudding.  Field has only been open around six months and is certainly one to watch. The team's philosophies and menus are excellent and extremely good value for money. It'll be interesting to see the restaurant develop in the near future.  I have to say it's certainly one of the friendliest and most relaxing restaurants I've visited in a while.
5 It's small but simple.  But by jee ... the menu was full of dishes that i wanted - this is good.    The food was damn tasty!  The service was a dream - friendly, polite and knowledgable.  The prices were good, in fact really good for this part of town and what we were getting.  The wine was delicious.  I'm keeping this review short and sweet as I'll be doing a longer one on my blog!  Please go here - you will not regret it!
5 We visited in September, and I was glad we had booked a table as this small and cost restaurant was busy on a Friday night.   I had Samlon to start which was lovely and cheap at 5.95 I think.   Main was Maple Glazed Duck Breast with Wild Mushroom Samosa, Grilled Pak Choi, Sweet Potato Fondant & Chartreuse Sauce (£13.50) My partner had one of the Fish dishes which was absolutely delish! A big juicy portion of Hake with a huge stack of chips - they boy was in heaven! Dessert was Chocolate Pave with Caramelised Banana, Toasted Pine Nuts & Peanut Butter Ice Cream (£5.50). I was intrigued by the peanut butter ice cream and worried it wouldn't quite work but, oh my, it really did. The saltiness and the sweetness go together really well and this was a stand-out component of a really great pud!  There's a good choice of wines on offer we had a fantastic Sancerre and they also have one of my favourite dessert wines Tokaji that was gorgeous.   All in all this is a great little gem of a restaurant with all the taste and technique of high quality dining without any of the pomposity or any suggestion of over-pricing. I'll definitely be visiting again...
5 Stunning, stunning, stunning!  I love Field, was there twice in the same month and have already booked again for an upcoming special occasion. It is THAT good. Small, cute, seats about 22 covers and is the perfect venue for all occasions - friends dining, family gatherings, romantic nights or just a girly catch up night, it is perfect for all! Focus is on local sourcing and showcasing the best of ingredients. Sample menu's on-line but subject to change as it is all about what is seasonal and available at the time.  Went firstly for my birthday. Blythe R had been raving about it for ages and particularly had pointed out how amazing they were for gluten free so with that recommendation, it was on the to-do list. We were a party of seven and everyone kept saying how much they loved their dinner - like Carol W, I had the maple glazed duck, wild mushroom samosa (yep, gf!), grilled pak choi, sweet potato fondant and chartreuse sauce and it was all divine! I had also started with the Salmon so when it came to dessert, I passed to instead have tea.   Well, I thought I wouldn't have dessert. Two of the girls ordered dessert and as we all tried and started making Meg Ryan sex noises (think sandwich shop in When Harry Met Sally) as it was THAT good, I ordered dessert and shared it round all the non dessert eaters. So - the dessert in question? A jaffa cake macaroon - completely gluten free - macaroon base, chocolate sorbet, orangey centre, cream and little chocolate dome to hide the orangey goodness then it is amazing, hence the 2nd visit.  Second visit was really for dessert but we figured we needed a main first and a gorgeous bottle of Yealand Sauv Blanc - as you do. Again, stunning food and that dessert - OMG!   Consistently amazing food, great wine list and fantastic service, I just feel that no matter how I write about Field, I'm not doing it justice - bravo!
4 A friend recommended this restaurant and kept pestering me to call for a booking. I am SO glad she did!  We called the evening before and they were able to squeeze us in for a 5:30 pm reservation on a Friday night (in November). We were the first to arrive but were not made to feel like we were imposing on the staff. Very small restaurant, was giddy excited they could fit us in on such short notice.  Service was friendly and very comfortable. No issue ordering tap water and it was refilled!  Oh and this was no regular tap water, it was cucumber and mint infused!  If you dine early, there is a pre-fix menu. I chose the three course for £14.95 (two for £11.95). My starter was the mussel saffron tagliatelle. Aside from the color, saffron didn't come through much and it was interesting to see the mussels out of the shell but this was a nice size for a starter and nice flavors. I couldn't resist the pork chop over pearl barley risotto BUT was worried the pork would be over-cooked and risotto bland. NOT AT ALL. The pork was perfectly cooked (pre-sliced for me) and the fat cripsy and salty. The pearl barley risotto was nice and milky. The sliced apple pieces provided a good cut to lighten the taste and add to the texture. This was a stand out dish. I finished it with the chocolate brownie and peanut butter ice cream (which i shared with my dining companion). The brownie tasted sugarless and flourless (not in a good way), but the ice cream (made in the restaurant) was decadent. Exactly what an American living in London missing peanut butter needed.  I also recommend the Sicilian bottle of Shiraz. Very surprised at how smooth it was.  There is a reason this is not five stars - and it's because of my companion's meal. it really didn't measure up. The butternut squash soup to begin was good but the entree - vegetarian: Butternut Squash Risotto Log, Fennel Quiche & Warm Gorgonzola was a miss. It was as if three appetizers were put on one plate with nothing tying them together. And even individually, none were above average. She agreed though my choices were stand out.  All in all, this restaurant was very reasonably priced, attentive service, and great food. I'd go back in a second if in Edinburgh. Call now!
5 Probably one of my absolute favourite restaurants in Edinburgh.  It's small, it's cozy, the service is impeccable and the food is simple but amazing. The price point is entirely spot on as well. Actually the price point is a steal for what you are getting. I've paid a lot more for a lot less at 'flasher' restaurants around town.  Their wine list is fabulous as well.  I've not had a bad meal here and I've had quite a few, do yourself a favour and eat here. Just make sure you book. With a capacity for about 20, it fills up quickly!!
5 Ah! Here I go again giving reviews to places I've never been! But...have faith dear reader - don't stop reading just yet!   If Field's in-house service is anything near as good as it's online customer service I'm pretty confident they could serve me poop on a plate and I would forgive it! I wanted to get friends a gift card here as a thank you and chose Field because of its impeccable Yelp reveiws!   The menu looks AMAZING and it's killing me that I didn't eat here when I was over for New Years but... fast forward to February and upon emailing Field with my request for a gift card to be mailed by Field to my friend's address in Edinburgh, with a Thank You note, I half expected them to virtually spit in my face. Instead I was greeted with a lovely email back, informing me that they were happy to do this AND I didn't need to send extra postage for them to send this - as they were just happy that I chose them out of all the restaurants in Edinburgh.   As a former Edinburgh resident, I'm aching to try this place but all you lovely people in the Burgh' give it a try and let me know how it is! :) 5 stars for service from me!   Cheers,  Megan
5 When Moray L and I fancied one of our dinner and catchup evenings near to her work, Field sprang to mind as a place I'd been meaning to try for ages. And with a dinner earlybird "pre-theatre" for £14.95 it was hard to find a reason not to!  I was excited, given the swathes of five-star reviews it's been garnering, but also tentative. I needn't have been, because wowee, what a place!  My starter, sauteed wild mushrooms on toasted brioche, was paradise. I want to eat it every day for the rest of my life. There was nothing, nothing, nothing not to love about it, except that it was over when I had eaten it all. That made me sad.  But not for long, because steering towards me at a goodly rate of knots was a glee dream of a sea bream. I deliberately avoided the chicken offered on the menu because I ALWAYS have chicken, so I took a risk on a fishy I'd never had before and boy, am I glad I did. Crispy skin, melt-in-the-mouth flesh, and the peas with bacon were an incredibly rich and delicious addition. In fact, if anything, with the chips involved as well there was almost too much here and I was struggling toward the end, with a shivering fear that pudding might elude me.  Pudding, I say with such relieved gratitude that you may picture me falling to my knees, did not elude me. Pudding enchanted me. Pudding was a cherry mouse with chocolate sorbet, not too sweet but seriously sophisticated and just... ugh, too good.  Another lovely touch in this adorably dinky little restaurant is the constant top-ups of cucumber water. I'm also a big fan of the giant bull painting on the wall - thematic, but quirky.  Yep, this is a helluva place. It is very likely to become my standard go-to before a night at the Festival Theatre. Thank you, lovely Field!
5 I've been meaning to review for ages and have not hesitation adding to the five stars. I've now been to Field maybe 5/6 times. Richard and Rachel are doing a tremendous job.  The menu is regularly refreshed, they've a great wine list and top food with a twist. Keep it up guys and thank you.
5 My oh my did we have a delicious meal here last night.   This was our second visit to Field, but our first time to enjoy their A la carte menu, as we opted for the pre-theatre deal last time.   The restaurant itself is small and cosy, with stylish grey decor, a large cow canvas on one wall, and various farm animals dotted around. The staff are incredibly friendly and welcoming and the service was great.   To start we shared the Chicken, Pancetta, Feta & Roast Red Pepper Ballotine  with Wild Mushroom Samosa- it was deeeelish! Well, that was after they had brought us delicious (freshly baked) roasted red pepper rolls. They were amazing, warm bready, buttery goodness! Next up I had the Slow Cooked Pork Belly, Citrus Fennel, Baked Avocado with Sweetcorn & Chorizo Gratin, Ponzu Sauce which was lovely. The meat was the softest meltiest pork belly I have ever eaten and the baked avocado was amazing! The boy went for the Smoked Duck Breast with Celeriac Remoulade, Celeriac Chips & Spiced Apple which he really enjoyed and both dishes were beautifully presented. To finish we shared the Pink praline tart which was also very pretty and came with a lovely almond ice cream.   If you fancy a delicious meal out for slightly less, their pre-theatre menu is excellent good value with 2 courses for around 12 pounds or 3 for 15.  Overall a very delicious meal, a great atmosphere and a very lovely evening out.
5 If you want a top notch dining experience, you just have to go to Field. I went there with a big group last night and we were all blown away by the quality of the food, the wine and the service!  The menu is short and simple, which is a good sign as you immediately know everything on there's going to be well done. There's no filler dishes - they're all there for a reason - and from what I tasted and saw around the table, the standard of dish was consistently high!  I opted for the chicken starter and the pork belly main and loved them both. The chicken starter was brought out on a beautiful wooden platter and arranged wonderfully, with bursts of colour and delicate placement. The flavours were great in this dish and it had enough different aspects - the chicken, the samosa, the feta stuffed peppers - to make it an exciting start to the meal.   When my main arrived I was equally as impressed. The baked avocado was insane. I mean it was, quite literally, mind-boggingly delicious. Baked to perfection and topped with cheese, chorizo and sweetcorn it was just one of the tastiest combos I have ever had. It sat alongside the pork belly really well and is something I will absolutely be making (attempting) at home. The pork itself was beautifully cooked but lacked a slight crispiness that I would have enjoyed. The fat was a little thick and soft for my taste, but otherwise the meat was flavoured wonderfully.  To top it all off, we shared desserts for the table and, though I can't recall what each of them was, they were all super tasty and very beautiful!   Field is just hitting the nail on the head here. With some of the most attentive staff I've ever come across and the perfect vibe of a cosy by still atmospheric venue, Field ticks all the boxes for me. If only it were in Brighton... I'll have to make sure I get back up to Edinburgh again soon to taste some more of it's delights.
5 What an exceptional restaurant! Delicious food which is immaculately presented and a lovely, cosy atmosphere made this the perfect place to finish off my work trip to Edinburgh.   I love the small menu here - just 4 options for starters and mains (as well as one special) means you know that they're only dishing up the best of the best dishes. I couldn't go past the beetroot cured salmon, avocado mayonnaise, beetroot, passion fruit "cannelloni" & crispy crab ball - that's at least 5 of my favourite foods, all magically combined in one dish. And for the crazy price of £5.95 for a starter. The dish was bright, colourful, delicate, and everything was drawn together by the delicious avocado mayonnaise. Absolute heaven on a plate.   For mains I went for the smoked duck breast with celeriac remoulade, celeriac chips & spiced apple. I cheekily asked if I could have a side of the avocado that goes with the pork belly - baked avocado with sweet corn & chorizo gratin which wasn't a problem and I was delighted that I got this addiction as it was so sweet and creamy, the salty chorizo and pops of corn meant I wolfed this down pretty quickly. The duck was excellent with crispy skin and nice and juicy inside. With a ring of accompaniments dotted around the plate, it looked more like an artwork than something I should be eating.   I was pretty full but as a group we got some desserts to share, so I had some of the mojito sorbet which was lovely and refreshing, the perfect way to finish a decadent meal. When I asked the waiter about dairy free options he was all set to go and get the kitchen to whip something up just for me which was really kind of him, but I declined because I knew there was no way I could eat a whole dessert at this stage!   For such a great meal I thought the prices were really reasonable - just over £20 for two courses. There was a really decent selection of wines and the viognier we were drinking was light and refreshing. Service was great and never far away (the restaurant is really small so I guess that's quite easy to keep on top of). I'd definitely head back here when in Edinburgh and would even go so far as heading to Edinburgh just to eat here, it's that good.
4 Now this is what I'm talking about! Talk about a neighbourhood restaurant with it being so relaxed that there's a real feeling of sitting in someone's living room, but one that serves top notch grub at the same time.   Big shout out to Jenny L who kept upping the ante all week with quality meals coming at every single corner and for our final night came up with this quality experience!   I'd have to say that I'm going to recommend this place to anyone who will listen to me about where to go for a really special dining experience without breaking the bank. I went for the Beetroot cured salmon to start with which was served with a wonderful avocado mayo and crispy crab ball followed by the pork belly which basically just fell apart it was that tender! Loads of people went for the specials board steak which was amazing too (I always try to make 'please share with me eyes' across the table) but I felt comfortable in my decision to go for the pork - so, so good!   So ambience was easily a 5, the food was a 5 too so why the 4 star Yelp review? Again it was the beer selection that let the place down - 2 bottles on offer -  one was a local lager that was ok and Peroni - WTF? In fact the waiter sold me the local lager as basically a "don't worry it's not too hoppy" which is like saying to me don't worry about the food it's not that tasty. If they can ditch the Peroni and bring in a couple of proper beers that would massively compliment the food then I may even start lobbying Yelp to introduce a 6 star for reviews...
