5 I can't say enough good things about this place.  I drive about  7 miles out of my way to get there but it is so worth it! The reasons i love it are as follows: I have three children a boy who is 3.5 and twin girls who are 2. They have been attending since January and the progress i have seen in them is unbelievable! My son has a "communication disorder and speech delay". He is about a year behind in speech. When he started he was at a standstill with saying new words. Within 2 weeks he was saying about 3 new words and picking up new sign. Not to mention this the FIRST place he has not cried when i dropped him off, he literally waves bye and goes to play. His speech and communication has only continued to improved drastically as well as his behavior and listening skills. The girls have also BLOSSOMED, in social, speech, and receptive skills. Every week they do a themed curriculum and the rafts and activities are wonderful.My kids are also now recognizing letters and can almost spell their names! never thought that would happen at this age.       The staff is wonderful, they listen to concerns, if there is behavior issues they have wonderful ways of redirecting and engaging them. The facility has a great set up, there is a great courtyard and playground area. The classroom has endless activities.     The only thing some might consider a "con" is that lunch is not provided, parents must pack their childrens lunches and/or breakfast. To me this is actually a PLUS. My son is so picky that at other daycares he would go without eating. And i have preferences like whole wheat/ organic/ no sugar etc. This ensures i know exactly what my kids are eating and that they will eat what is put in front of them. The school does provide a snack.  LOVE this place! thank you seek.
1 I base my rating on the fact that it's impossible to get anyone on the phone or to return my phone calls. I sent a tour request online and heard nothing. Then, a couple days later I called twice and left a voicemail and nothing. So disappointing. They looked so promising.
5 We have been very happy sending our child to this daycare. The teachers are wonderful, helpful, and provide so many fun activities to help our child learn and grow. We have seen such a positive impact in our child's development socially. You can tell he really enjoys his time here and seeing his friends too! The teachers are caring and always take the time to tell you about the day and any concerns they have. Would highly recommend S.E.E.K!
